you ca n't honestly think that the armenians and the rest of the minorities suffered more during atat\u00fcrk 's regime compared to the late ottoman empire , can you ? 
   one should not be able to gloss over these misdeeds by pointing towards his successful policies regarding female suffrage . 
  i gave you a single example on the subject , i am not sure why you took that as the single redeeming policy of atat\u00fcrk . 
  you also skipped out on abolishing a 1500 religious tradition in order to implement secularism to the newly formed country , which is a task a lot harder to maintain than female suffrage . 
  atat\u00fcrk took over after the ridiculous versailles treaty , managed to clear off the invading forces , formed a republic from the ashes of a 500 year old empire , gave people the right to vote instead of a sultanate , reformed an archaic education system , abolished the caliphate and brought in secularism . 
  those unfortunate kurds you claimed by the way revolted and wanted to bring back a islamic sharia theocracy with an islamic caliphate system , but they got suppressed and executed instead . 
  i would go even as far to say that atat\u00fcrk did the right thing by executing them , fuck sheikh said and anyone who wants to force others to live under a theocratic rule . 
  and greeks themselves had this idea of megali idea and got forced out of the eastern agean only couple years prior , i would say it is understandable in that situation that the greek minority in turkey got some undeserved pressure from the government . 
  not right mind you , but understandable . 
  regardless of everything else , he took a fallen out empire and left this country on par ready to advance and compete with its european counterparts , but this country has taken that chance , ran it to the ground and kicked it a bit more . 
   . . but that does not mean that he automatically is a man to be admired and followed . 
  no man is a man to be automatically followed , i am not sure where you 've reached that conclusion from . 
  following the ideals of a person is a bit different than worshiping the person himself . 
  the guy was an alcoholic for example , me agreeing with the modern ideals he put forward does not mean that i automatically accept and advocate every single thing he did . 
   and seriously . 
  after the countless , mindless nationalistic wars that have riddled our last two centuries , how can you possibly defend a quasi-dictators actions by saying `` he loved his own people '' give me one single turkish ruler from the last 500 years to today , who improved this nation as much as atat\u00fcrk did . 
  atat\u00fcrk was a dictator in his own sense , but there has n't been another dictator who loved his people more than he did . 
  the country was n't going to modernize itself so he used brute force , but for example he also gave women the right to vote even before europe . 
  abolishing the caliphate or adopting secularism are tough areas to sway the public opinion about traditions which have been going on centuries . 
  his goods overweight the bads by quite a lot . 
  not suddenly , they have been chipping away for the past 10 + years . 
  it was built for the prime minister when erdo\u011fan was the prime minister . 
  now that he became the president the place became for the president with a quick change in legislation . 
  dude his phone conversations were released about how he and his son tried to get rid of the cash in their house when the investigators were on their way and this country 's response was `` he might steal , but he also does invest '' . 
  they built the whole thing without a permit , they still do n't have a consent but who is going to stop them ? 
  it would also mean that eu borders syria , iraq and iran . 
  i do as well , fuck everything about him . 
  i 've lived in istanbul for almost my whole life and i would stand by him . 
  there used to be a thing called istanbul gentleman and now the city is overpopulated as fuck and people are on top of each other . 
  there are basically 3 main districts out of 39 who will always be on the `` red '' according to the diagram and the rest of the city would be `` yellow '' . 
  these 3 districts are basically where the intellectuals and more educated people live in , the rest of istanbul is pretty much quite conservative and get the most immigration from anatolia . 
  there is n't one , he is just making shit up . 
  it is not mate . 
  i wonder whether we are part of this . 
  we love it , it 's our government that does n't like it . 
  i do n't have enough knowledge of pre-college education and the life of teenagers in united states to comment on the subject , but as far as college students goes it seemed that the majority did n't think much about the rest of the world , with the exception of england ( not u.k. ) and israel . 
  everyone was hugely supportive of israel and their policies , but no one knew which countries israel shares a border with . 
  the majority also wanted u.s.a. to bomb iran , yet if they were given the control of the icbm 's , they would have nuked turkey instead , thinking that 's where iran was located . 
  market forces , cultural hegemony , the difference of international policies of u.s. compared to the rest of the world and local media probably do play a role in this and in general americans seem less interested with what is going on with the world , compared to the people of every single country i 've been in . 
  with that said i think there is a huge difference between expecting non-americans to locate a u.s. state on the map , and expecting americans to locate a country on the map that they would like to attack next . 
  his life will definitely not be the same again , but that does n't necessarily mean that it is going to be worse . 
  i 've spent 6 years in united states , and even college students were clueless about european geography . 
  i am not sure which region you are mentioning by muslim parts of eastern europe , but nevertheless it is indeed quite different . 
  you are right in that regard , turkish people look more towards europe than central asia , but after waiting more than 50 years to join the eu most of the country does n't even want to be part of eu anymore . 
  the only reason i support our membership process is because i would love to be able to travel without visas , things they ask for it is almost inhumane . 
  the turks you are mentioning are similar to me in that sense but maybe represent % 1 of turkey , the change in the political atmosphere in the country for the past 10 years influenced conservatism to explode . 
  i grew up on the european side of istanbul and currently living there as well so technically i could be considered european in that regard . 
  lifestyle differences between the rest of europe and turkey are pretty large , and although i am living more of a european lifestyle , it would be wrong to say the same for the majority of turkey . 
  i feel somewhat european , but my country as a whole is not european at all . 
  looks like they do n't want cyprus after all . 
  and do you think everyone who voted for erdogan is asking to get rid of the secular system and having the sharia law implemented ? 
  akp government has lost their majority at the june 2015 elections with the kurdish party hdp gaining an all time high seats at the parliament , but since akp had to form a coalition this time around they dragged their feet and forced the country into another election period for november . 
  during this time terrorist attacks have started occurring around the country as if someone gave an order , government blamed the kurds and said none of this would have happened if the country gave them sole power , hdp did n't distance themselves enough from pkk and in the end akp won the re-election with the votes for stability rather than short-term risks . 
  they won the election by scaring people off , not because the majority of turkish population is asking to move away from a secular government . 
  how so ? 
  did you just claim tayyip has nothing to do with what 's going on in turkey right now after governing the country by himself for the past 15 years ? 
  he tried to get rid of assad after being best friends forever , pretty much broke relations with every single neighboring country , tries to abolish the constitution and become a dictator under the blanket of a presidential system , let pkk militants in over the border and set them loose the moment he seemed to lose power to scare the population off and he has little to do with current circumstances ? 
  fuck off , he has everything to do with the state we are in at the moment , he himself is one of the main causes . 
  that 's a huge generalization , turkey is a conservative country but the majority is still secular at least for now . 
  i would say the security agencies knew all about it , even the american embassy released a statement couple days ago warning their citizens about a terrorist attack in ankara . 
  it happened in another district contrary what the message said , but sounds like the attack itself was expected . 
  this is like the third terrorist attack in ankara in the past few months , it is not going to cause turkey to invade syria at all . 
  did george w. bush sr. get to power through a series of organized coups and announced himself as the leader of u.s.a. ? 
  was george w. bush jr. appointed following the death of his father with a referendum where no opposition were allowed to run ? 
   hypocritical west 's unwavering support for turkey have you been reading the reddit threads on this issue at all or was that supposed to be another sarcasm attempt ? 
  i do n't think he is claiming it 's moving in the right direction , he is just saying that military coup is n't really a solution to anything and only makes things worse in the long run . 
  he definitely wants to be putin and i would say he is closer to him than assad . 
  assad got his power through his father who ruled the country for 30 years before him , erdogan got elected democratically . 
  here is another thing he said after the downing of the turkish jet by syria : [ & gt ; engagement rules of turkish armed forces have been changed as a result of this new development . 
  any military force which gets close to our syrian border will be considered as a threat and will be treated as a military target from now on . 
  note that i did n't say it did n't bind us , i said i do n't care about what he says . 
  a lot of the users here wo n't , but you do know that he is acting outside of the constitutional limits , and the stuff he said in the past apparently does n't even bind himself . 
  man here is the thing , i fucking hate erdogan with my guts and it pains me so much to defend him in this sense , but do you know what else erdogan said when syria shot down a turkish jet ? 
  [  engagement rules of turkish armed forces have been changed as a result of this new development . 
  any military force which gets close to our syrian border will be considered as a threat and will be treated as a military target from now on . 
  ] ( http://www.haberturk.com/gundem/haber/754647-angajman-kurallari-degisti-askeri-hareketlilik-artti ) you can not just pull a single quote and call it a day as nothing in middle east is as simple as black or white . 
  after syria shot down the turkish jet without a warning for trespassing their airspace , turkey issued a change of engagement rules over the syrian border and said that they will enforce military action over future violations of turkish airspace too . 
  if you care so much of what he thinks , erdogan also said that `` anyone who drinks alcohol is an alcoholic , except those who drink alcohol and vote for erdogan 's party . '', 
  take that however you will about the stuff he says . 
  i mean just a quick search shows that the latest violation was not even a month ago and was near south-east antalya , which is pretty far away from any greek airspace . 
  erdogan is trying to flex his muscles trying to gain something which i ca n't comprehend at the moment , but that still does n't change the fact that i do n't understand why the russian jet did n't even reply to the emergency messages telling to alter it 's course and kept going regardless of the warnings , not even after a month of turkey issuing the highest order to russian embassy telling them not to violate the airspace any further . 
  regardless , the aegean situation is an ongoing dispute for more than 40 years , the situation over syrian border is vastly different to that on the aegean . 
   ( turkey ) shot the parachuting pilots . 
   turkish military did not shoot the pilots , it was the rebels on the syrian side . 
  so again , turkey shot the aircraft with a2a missiles , they did n't shoot the parachuting pilots . 
  it 's not a catch22 at all because one is considered fair within the rules of engagement , the other is a violation of international law . 
  there really is n't any point on continuing this discussion if you ca n't differentiate the two . 
  your first comment was a reply to my comment where i said turkey did n't shoot the parachuting pilots , you are not comprehending correctly . 
  which is what turkey has been doing in the past month and gave note of the highest order and told russia to stop violating the turkish airspace . 
  i am not saying shooting the plane was the right move and it could be as simple as erdogan trying to get more right wing votes within the country before a possible referendum , but i do n't get why it 's ok for russia to keep violating the airspace after being repeatedly told not to either . 
  this whole comment chain was about the shooting of parachuting pilots so your comment makes absolutely no sense . 
  are you seriously saying attacks on parachutists is the same thing as attacks on military aircraft ? 
  you are underestimating us . 
  i am going to play the devil 's advocate , but what if the burglar had grenades on his belt , a machine gun on his back and i told him not to take a step or i ' l shoot , yet he takes that step , i shoot and he lands outside of my property ? 
  by that logic could we also say 9/11 was performed by american navy ? 
  did i at any point claim turkish military or state was innocent , even the things they did at diyarbak\u0131r prison alone were horrific enough which the country still ca n't deal with today . 
  my point is no one is purely innocent or guilty and the issue is n't black and white as people are trying to simplify it to . 
  i am not sure what your point is , are you saying greece never violated turkish airspace ? 
  he spews a lot of bullshit for his agenda and he has been acting out of the constitution for a while now , i take everything he says with a pinch of salt . 
  syria fired and shot the turkish jet without any warnings by the way , but the turkish jet also should n't have crossed border either .
