  same way the turkish government should n't have tinkered with what was going on in syria while having wet ottoman dreams . 
  i really could n't care any less about what erdogan says with regards to anything . 
  you did do it in the 90 's . 
  still though , rules of engagement and dogfights over aegean is different than rules of engagement over the syrian border , couple years ago a turkish military aircraft was downed by syrian forces for a similar violation , and that was even without a warning . 
   would you still be reacting in the same way if armenia ( or allied russia ) shot down your planes and choppers when such incidents occured ? 
  to be honest i would , why are we flying military aircraft over other countries territories when they are telling us not to , it 's a like an unnecessary pissing contest . 
  do you think rules of engagement over aegean is the same as the rules of engagement over syrian border ? 
  if you are asking my personal opinion i would n't order to shoot the plane down , but this country is being run pretty much the exact opposite way which i would prefer in almost all matters . 
  a country breaking the engagement rules would not be the same thing as being responsible for insurgents . 
   turkey is a despicable country that is fanning the flames of terrorism in syria . 
  i definitely agree with that . 
   hopefully russia wipes them off the face of the earth . 
  that i do n't . 
  esad regime is n't necessarily the pinnacle of democracy either , not a single country who is involved has their hands clean on this issue . 
   turkmen rebels who are not connected or supplied from turkey that 's not turkish military now though , is it ? 
  it does look like an overreaction and definitely could have been solved peacefully , but i fail to grasp why everyone on reddit thinks it 's alright for russian jets to violate another country 's airspace after being told not to while they were on course to do so . 
  did you read the letter ? 
  they warned the aircraft for 5 minutes before it ignored the warnings and flew into turkish airspace , so they probably fired within 5-10 seconds into the expected violation . 
  you really do n't think this was a military officer in south east turkey getting a hard-on about a jet though right ? 
  even g-20 meetings happened just this past week and russian foreign minister was supposed to visit turkey in the next couple days , it probably is n't as straightforward as one maniac commander . 
  what if i told you kurdish terrorists have killed almost 10 thousand people in the past 30 years ? 
  turkish military did n't shoot the pilots , it was the rebels on the syrian side . 
  where did i claim it 's alright when turkey does it ? 
  greece and turkey share borders since their existence and are both nato members , if you think two situations are exactly the same you must not have a good grasp of the region . 
   who gives a flying fuck about a 17 second violation actually it is well within any country 's rights to shoot down a military aircraft trespassing their airspace , whether they chose to enforce it is a different matter altogether . 
  i am a bit confused though , do you want me to hide under a table or not ? 
  you are aware that turkey has been warning russia over airspace violations for more than a month and told that if it keeps going on turkey will follow the engagement protocols ? 
  i am not arguing whether the plane should have been shot down or not , but you ca n't look at this as an isolated incident and say they were only over the border for 2 seconds so it 's ok . 
  they did n't make the call in 17 seconds , they saw that the course of the planes were going to trespass turkish border , were warned not to violate the airspace for 5 minutes , yet the military jet did n't alter their course and were shot . 
  what 's a google ? 
  magic . 
  we 've had censorship problems for almost 10 years now , the majority of the country knows how to circumvent the bans and it 's common knowledge by now . 
  when youtube got banned couple years ago r.t.e. 
  said `` i can still access it , why ca n't you ? '', 
  as if dns change and vpn use are the norms . 
  government officials even kept tweeting after twitter got blocked , even the most incompetent users know how to reach stuff the they want . 
  / u/sosolidclaws is a mod of / r/europe now ? 
  get out of here with that condescending attitude , no one claimed otherwise . 
   would n't turkey need to apply for schengen area [ 1 ] access ? 
  after becoming eu state . 
  let 's become a eu state first and worry about that later . 
  maybe , but that 's still better than being allowed to change the constitution without any referendum at all . 
  turkey has been trying to get into eu for my whole life and it is pretty evident that eu would rather keep turkey at it 's doorstep acting as a barrier between the middle-east , rather than integrate the country into the union . 
  personally i would love if turkey got into eu so i can leave and live in a place where personal liberties are more respected , but if i were a european citizen and looked at the mess that is turkey , i would not want the country to get into the european union either . 
  they do n't have enough seats to call one directly , they need 16 additional votes from other parties . 
  as if turkey 's candidacy process has not been a complete joke in the past 40 years . 
  turkey will never ever be allowed to join eu and most turks realize this , that 's also part of the reason why changes regarding eu membership has been abandoned and the majority got behind akp again . 
  they can call for it all they want , but they ca n't force anything as of now . 
  all they have gained is enough votes to form a government by themselves , they can not push a referendum or constitution change without outside help . 
  the problem is n't really the inclusion of conservatives in a coalition , it is to put brakes on the akp regime which is ruling the country completely uncontrolled . 
   that 60 % of the voters are ready to effectively vote against democracy that 's not their intent at all , the majority just wants a stable country where bombs do n't go off everyday and they do n't fear for their lives walking down the street . 
  the past coalitions in turkish history has left a bitter taste in voter 's mouths and they seem just afraid of a coalition government in fear of social and economic instability . 
  getting rid of conservatives from the government altogether is only a wet dream really , the balance between 1/3 left and 2/3 right has not really changed much at all since turkey moved into a multi-party period in 50 's . 
  let 's assume dyp and anap rose from the dead and somehow earned back the votes they handed to akp , which comes to about 40 % of total votes . 
  if akp keeps their islamist votes , they would stand at around 20 % followed by two more center-right parties with 20 % each . 
  since there is single left now chp would still get 25 percent no matter what , and akp would n't even be the leading party anymore . 
  it certainly does n't look possible today , but that was what turkey 's political spectrum looked like before akp came to power and ate the whole of right wing . 
   what they should have done is let the most incompetent islamists rule the country for a few years that 's exactly what is happening since 2001 and it does n't look like they are going anywhere . 
  it would force them into a coalition and they can not rule the country as if they own the whole place , silencing any opposition and taking over their assets . 
  the extreme right-wingers did n't go anywhere , they used to be represented by mhp and they still are . 
  akp 's main base of support used to be refah partisi , which was the extreme islamists on the right , and well they still are here as well . 
  what does n't exists today are dyp and anap , who both ruled the country in the past and who represented the mid-right wing politics besides extremists . 
  both of those parties have dissolved and their votes have gone directly to akp accompanied by some mhp votes . 
  i do n't think a merge of hdp and chp is fundamentally possible , there is more division between those voters than political alignment alone . 
  i think the best bet to displace akp would be a stronger right-wing party who can steal some votes from them . 
  there is no way chp can battle against the conservative majority alone . 
  he has not lost control over akp at all , with this result he is going to continue his ways in increasing form . 
  it 's because leftists votes have not changed much in the past 20-30 years . 
  turkey today votes 60 % right and vote changes happen within that 60 % between akp and mhp . 
  akp has swallowed whole of mid-right wing , 20 years ago that 60 % used to split between 4 parties . 
  a columnist today also mentioned that it is the exact situation as in greece , except that greece votes 60 % left . 
  they do n't have the majority to call a referendum and it looks like they are going fall short at the end of the day . 
  they are n't really bothered by it because it 's not their side which is being limited in their freedoms . 
  leaving does n't solve anything , we are outsiders in our own country , we still become outsiders if we move to another one . 
  that 's not how it works , if he steals money his supporters will say well every political figure does , if the currency crashes they will blame it on foreign powers and if there is coup attempt they will say he was deceived . 
  i am sure everyone in europe would welcome us with open arms . 
  it is . 
  except that it was n't the secular part of the military which attempted the coup at all , majority of those secular officers have been arrested by gulen movement in the previous years , with chief of staff getting arrested for being a member of terrorist organization and such . 
  it was a coup organized by islamofascists against other islamofascists , we are stuck at an extremely shit situation . 
  when sided with such decision the majority chooses those who can be get rid of with an election instead of military junta . 
   while it 's something to consider , it matters relatively little . 
  does it ? 
  in 2002 elections out of the 30 total million votes cast only 15 million votes found a seat in the parliament , the remaining 15 million votes went down to drain because only 2 parties managed to get passed the % 10 threshold . 
  as only turkish citizens voted in the processes you definitely ca n't blame anyone else , but you also got to realize that in a country of 70 million we started being governed by the votes of 10 million akp voters because the rest of the country was divided between other parties . 
  are you talking about gezi protests ? 
  if so , people were gathering in a public park with flip-flops on in an effort to stop the park getting demolished , it was not a coup attempt whatsoever . 
  also the protests ended up lasting more than a couple of days and people who were there at the beginning mostly went home when political organizations started taking over and people with walkie-talkies started throwing molotov cocktails on tomas . 
  i did n't say armenian genocide did n't happen , i said ataturk was n't responsible for it . 
  ataturk was an officer in gallipoli fighting off allied forces as enver pasa was wreaking havoc in eastern turkey . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  we have a system in place where a party can get 60 % of the seats in parliament with 30 % of total votes , once they got into the office by themselves there was little left to do . 
  turkish people did what they should at the last election and akp lost their majority with no chance of becoming sole rulers . 
  they decided not to form a coalition and force a reelection and all of a sudden bombs started going off everywhere in turkey . 
  the vote swayed towards `` stability '' and boom akp is back in power . 
  i think it really is easy to say this sort of stuff where people are responsible and they should have done this and that from far away . 
   remember , ataturk was responsible for the armenian genocide no he was n't , quit spitting bullshit . 
  they ca n't keep it too much of a secret as online marketing firms can see the sharp decline in ad views and they have to be given an explanation . 
  i ca n't speak for today , but i had a friend who was working at ttnet and he said that they deliberately slowed down traffic at three different incidents while he was there . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with infrastructure . 
  it will be different this time around , i promise .
