  my understanding may be off so maybe i 'm wrong but i would n't use this map to make decisions about what tires to have on my car . 
  very beautiful . 
  we came as a part of a job . 
  i 'm an it manager for a regional office of our company . 
  i did n't know that - thank you for letting me know . 
  it 's a lot better than the process in many places . 
  it is still waiting in line , filling out forms , etc. 
  but i 'm not required to translate lots of stuff , forms are available in english , etc. 
  now if i was working towards hungarian citizenship it gets more complicated but this is pretty normal as well i think . 
  my family and i are coming up on 6 years living in hungary and we really like it . 
  now we are insulated from some things . 
  we do n't pay hungarian taxes , we have a us income , politics are interesting but do n't usually directly impact us too much , etc. 
  thanks i appreciate your perspective . 
  thanks i appreciate it . 
  on an unrelated note i 've been looking into doing an english language masters at ceu - so i do n't want them to shut down . 
  but stuff like having foreign teachers with no work permit seemed odd to me . 
  and ( in my experience ) the hungarian process to get proper documents to be living and working in the country is very reasonable compared to many others . 
  i 'm only an observer - but when i read the article about a lot of the rules for the university changes they seem pretty reasonable . 
  and i agree that fidesz is working to consolidate and hold power - but at the same time when i look at how concerned the us is with outside influence , it does seem to me it is worth it for hungary to look into how much a single wealthy person who is a foreigner should be allowed to influence things . 
  just in principle - regardless of who the current players are . 
  i can imagine the `` other side '' doing the same if some right wing american billionaire were working over time to mold hungarian politics and culture . 
  again - i do n't really have a side in this . 
  living in hungary i am really interested in watching it and trying to understand but i 'm not advocating for anything . 
  i would enjoy to hear more of how you see it though , if you have the time and do n't mind . 
  i 'm fourth generation of my family in the u.s. 
  the night before my family moved to hungary in 2011 my dad said to me , `` you know our family is from over there somewhere . '', 
  he dug out a letter from his aunt and this is when i found out my great grandfather and great grandmother had come from hungary ( he was croatian - she was slovene and they met in the us ) . 
  they were n't fleeing when they left but they did fully integrate . 
  so it does happen . 
  that said , it pisses me off that i never learned any language growing up except english . 
  my mom 's side is all dutch . 
  i 'm 4th generation there too and my grandparents spoke dutch but that 's as far as it went . 
  my parents do n't , myself and my cousins do n't either . 
  i think the dutch side held on a little longer because where they ended up in michigan has lots and lots of dutch folks . 
  the kuvasz reminds me a bit of our bernese - not including the color of course . 
  others are saying it is rejection rate . 
  and i agree with you about the sense part . 
  the more i learn about this , the more arbitrary it sounds . 
  as a us citizen i 'm not crazy about how our borders work . 
  my whole family knows - when the customs and immigration people start being really rude it means you are `` home '' . 
  i was very proud of my son ( 13 at the time ) when we were in line for passport control in chicago , on our way home to a funeral , and they had monitors showing videos about the us . 
  we had just done a tour in nowa huta a couple months prior about living under communism . 
  as the video rolled he said , `` look , they are showing us propaganda . '', 
  we were in line because the computer system was broken down . 
  the wait was hours long and people were missing connections . 
  the only other place i 've dealt with those kind of conditions are developing countries . 
  and i watch a lot of my friends jump through the hoops to visit . 
  i see what it costs in terms of money , how stressed they get about the interviews , etc. 
  so of course i 'd love to see it changed . 
  but i feel the same way about my albanian friends when they get hassled by eu immigration/border officers . 
  it 's explained in a few places . 
  it has to do with how many people overstay when they visit . 
  too many of your country men do n't leave on time compared to slovaks appears to be the answer . 
  personally i 'm not a huge fan of they system - so i 'm not saying it 's right - but as i understand it , that is why . 
  unless it got really out of hand it should n't impact people staying on visas that go beyond the normal 90 day tourist visa . 
  i file a lot of paperwork and go through a pretty extensive process to live in hungary and i do n't expect something like this to change that . 
  they are a lot alike - i think that 's why russians and americans have a hard time getting along sometimes . 
  people should be able to peacefully sail a boat anywhere they want . 
  but i have to admit - if that happened to me i 'd avoid places like that . 
  it 's sad they both died just because they liked to sail . 
  nope . 
  it 's not just istanbul . 
  i 've never been anywhere in turkey without seeing tons of cats . 
  was in northern cyprus a couple weeks ago and it was the same . 
  took me a minute - i think of it as the freedom bridge in english . 
  one is short and one is long - same with \u00fc and \u0171, 
  it 's not really years - it 's hours . 
  it all boils down to hours and the type of flight . 
  which was my original point . 
  nothing i 've said was factually wrong . 
  in 2007 the entire f-15 fleet was grounded due to possible fatigue issues . 
  that was 9 years ago . 
  i have no doubt that inspection guidelines were changed and i am sure that there were also adjustments made to how and how much the aircraft were used . 
  e 's were in production through 2001 i think - so of course there are quite a few left . 
  and c/ds as well - i think mostly with air guard units . 
  this kind of mix not to mention the fact that missteps with the f-22 and f-35 programs have made all the branches look at extending existing platforms . 
  take a look at what 's been happening with hornets going quite a ways back to heavy usage - https://www.strategypage.com/dls/articles/f-18-fleet-falling-apart-9-28-2011.asp it 's pretty simply physics at work . 
  so i 'm sure you can find some very , very old aircraft that are in good shape . 
  and my original statement will still be perfectly fitting - they are either falling apart or they 've had very easy hours . 
  in the case of the incident that prompted this whole thread - carrier aviation is so inherently dangerous it may have had nothing to do at all with the state of the aircraft itself . 
  that 's a whole different set of issues . 
  there is no way . 
  for many reasons . 
  and i doubt you 'd even want to recover helos or vstol while sitting still . 
  just makes it a lot harder on the pilots . 
  but with fixed wing it 's essential . 
  watch some of the videos of a recovery that are out there and then imagine that little deck is bobbing up and down in one place and rather than having that 30 + knots adding to your time to adjust , as well as the additional headwind slowing you down . 
  this is n't even thinking about how you get the aircraft back up if you bolter . 
  you mentioned f-16s . 
  take a look at the average active service life for that airframe . 
  http://www.f-16.net/fleet-reports_article10.html 22 years . 
  that means an aircraft that is 20 years old is right at the end of it 's active life . 
  and honestly based on personal experience these numbers are skewed higher than reality because squadrons keep `` active '' aircraft that actually serve as parts storage for the aircraft that are actually airworthy . 
  could someone keep them going longer ? 
  of course - by not training or actually using the aircraft as intended . 
  but specific dates are n't so important really . 
  the point i wanted to emphasize was that with fighters it is n't just a question of maintenance when talking about how long they will last . 
  it 's about use and the normal use that is required to keep pilots proficient means a lifespan is limited due to metal fatigue which ca n't be mitigated by maintenance . 
  do n't have parts or qualified maintainers ? 
  then of course they 'll be done quickly .
