  it was 26 or so . 
  which is more than a lot of people i know but so few in terms of how many there are . 
  and honestly i would n't be surprised if when that happens to americans if the governments do n't see it as just giving americans what america gives their citizens . 
  i am all for anything that removes any borders . 
  but what i want has very , very little to do with what happens in the real world . 
  i have a friend who holds an eu passport and just dropped hundreds of dollars and went through some rather stressful interviews to get tourist visas for himself and his family to the usa . 
  i was so embarrassed and apologized profusely about the way they were treated . 
  hopefully at some point the us will get with the program and start treating all eu countries the same . 
  ( then again it would be nice if the eu always did this too . ), 
  i travel a decent amount and i 've been on both sides of the `` preferred '' and `` not preferred '' divide - though i have to say that as a white guy from a relatively wealthy country i 've got it pretty easy . 
  when i travel with colleagues from africa or latin america i 'm always getting ahead of them because the process is so easy for me ( pretty much world wide ) and i have to periodically wait for them to catch up . 
  but now i 'm wandering - anyway - yeah i like freedom of movement for everyone . 
  people in favor of borders are people who like to benefit from the suffering of others . 
  you are n't getting something like that across all of north america because the usa opening the border to mexico is not politically viable . 
  between us and canada maybe but that does n't really impact too many people . 
  so i would think that the political will there is n't too high . 
  not voting is not the same as `` none of the above '' . 
  it is saying , `` i 'll let the people who do vote decide which of the two we get . '', 
  could you tell me how it is wrong ? 
  edit : i 'll leave this explanation here and you can point out the error in it - http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/11/us-ukraine-crisis-referendum-idusbrea2a1gr20140311, 
  there were two options and both lead to annexation . 
  so the only thing he could have done differently is not vote at all which would have left him in the same situation . 
  i put in the same bucket as loose for lose and irregardless . 
  at some point it may change but for now i think it 's worth making an effort to get it right . 
  and i do n't think it 's too surprising that most americans do n't realize that russia has a little disconnected piece of itself wedged further into the continent . 
  i did n't realize it until after i 'd moved to europe . 
  this is not to say that we do n't suck at geography , we do . 
  but in this case i 'd be willing to give a little more grace . 
  [ no it does n't ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/begging_the_question ), 
  those chairs look comfy, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but reading the article it appears that they are talking about 5 serbs that have gone to crimea . 
  the stop/start is what makes it more of a thinking game . 
  both teams get set , the quarterback may see something in the defense that causes him to change the play for the offense . 
  a good defense will pick up on this and then adjust accordingly . 
  at some point the ball will be snapped and then it is a collision of athleticism and strategy . 
  if it were constantly in motion then there would not be the time to think over what is about to happen . 
  that 's not to say i do n't understand about why it makes the game less approachable to newcomers - but i think that is part of the reason why . 
  to really understand and enjoy each of those quick moments , one needs to be aware of the metagame that is taking place . 
  it 's very much the same thing with baseball . 
  a real american football fan wont look forward to the advertisements more than the game . 
  over at / r/nfl i 've seen people say they may stop watching regular games because there are too many commercials . 
  i watch recordings - because i live in europe and because all the commercial breaks are removed . 
  but the superbowl is much more of a social phenomenon and the audience is much , much wider than just the people who actually enjoy the sport . 
  many of those people are more focused on the advertisements . 
  and i agree with you about why they are compared . 
  the name issue . 
  and on top of that american football is the most popular in the us and football football is the most popular in most of the rest of the world . 
  so i think they also get compared because they are both often number 1 . 
  i enjoy them both . 
  but i really like watching competition between people that are good at almost anything . 
  i like regular sports and esports as well . 
  i do n't think landb4timethemovie is saying that because it is american . 
  i think it 's the impression people get when they are n't very familiar with the game . 
  a lot of sports are like that . 
  to the casual fan , or non-fan who happens to see a little , it 's difficult to see the depth of what is going on . 
  i could do the same thing with chess . 
  chess is easy . 
  you only have to learn patterns of movement for 6 types of pieces . 
  they have to stay in those patterns and to win you just have to capture the king of the other player . 
  i played 10 times yesterday and beat my little brother all 10 times . 
  i 'm not sure what the big deal is . 
  it 's not hard like starcraft where there are so many units and maps are much more complicated . 
  and american football at a lot of levels is pretty simple . 
  but at the nfl where millions and millions of dollars are at stake - things are not so much . 
  and the demands for players to perform at a high enough level to succeed do n't allow for them to be ignorant muscle heads . 
  but in the end it 's just entertainment so it 's not worth getting too wound up about it i think . 
  this is not correct . 
  i do n't care about whether or not it get 's called `` cerebral '' but your characterizations of player involvement and fan awareness of strategy is not correct . 
  players at the nfl level have to be able to read the opposing side and adjust dynamically . 
  things are not completely set for them . 
  this is true for offense and defense . 
  fans are very often aware of these things and enjoy watching it unfold . 
  it can get very complicated in terms of positioning . 
  the physical component is what keeps it from being completely cerebral or like chess though . 
  you could put the smartest guy on earth out there , but they need to be able to physically compete as well . 
  but that should n't fool one into thinking it does n't take some intelligence . 
  i do n't think that 's fair at all . 
  the american educational system has issues - but i think shitty is a bit much . 
  i 've been living outside the us for a little while and traveling widely for longer and i can keep up with my non-us counterparts . 
  i have deficiencies in some areas , relatively speaking , but so do they . 
  when i look at lists like this one - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_student_performance i see that there is plenty of room for improvement but it could also be a lot worse . 
  i was taught in my us public school that wwi was primarily due to the fact that all these nations had all these new weapons that leaders were willing to give a try and that the blame did n't lie with any one nation or even with either side . 
  it 's interesting to me that anyone would be trying to set that whole thing at the feet of one country over one event . 
  just trying to help out - sorry if i offended . 
  you will look into it . 
  or read up on it . 
  `` reading into '' is making an assumption about something that is n't explicitly stated . 
  i do n't think it necessarily has to be a mistaken impression but it usually is used that way any time i 've seen it . 
  `` you are reading way to much into this note . 
  she is just saying ` thank you . 
  ' , not hitting on you . '', 
  i really like the dreher winter beer this year . 
  fekete d\u00e9mon is my favorite from soproni . 
  but bad news for expats who get paid in dollars . 
  though i ca n't complain . 
  i think of where the dollar was at when i left as my baseline and we are still above it by a decent amount . 
  do n't miss cerkev [ sv . 
  jo\u017eef ] ( https://plus.google.com/102428018798910409530/about ) . 
  when you are standing at the entrance , look at the farm nearby . 
  that 's where my great-grandmother was born .
