  and while the us may be too young to have the past to draw on for fantasy i think we have produced some pretty good sci-fi authors . 
  i was in tirana during ramadan and the restaurants were packed during the day . 
  i think they are pretty relaxed about things when it comes to religion . 
  and christmas has to be one of the least religious `` christian '' holidays by this point . 
  it 's a great commercial opportunity for businesses and a fun time to hang out with friends and family while celebrating ` winter ' kind of stuff . 
  that and they are a very visible , tangible reminder of the fact that the us can nuke you - as opposed to the boomers that do the same in the opposite way . 
  i have a problem with governments investing in things without some kind of oversight - so it 's impossible to give away money without politics involved . 
  and honestly , i like it that way . 
  more important than keeping politics out is keeping a high level of transparency and accountability so that the voters can have a say in what happens . 
  if you can do that i think whether it is open source or commercial software matters less . 
  ( and i 'm a huge proponent of foss ) the trouble comes when politicians can make decisions based on what is best for themselves personally rather than what is best for everyone . 
  if you make them look at things properly and act correctly - then foss projects will be able to compete on level ground with commercial software and the best tool for the job should win . 
  it happens . 
  on the whole i think i 'm understood here more than i 'm not but sometimes stuff does n't come across the way i intended . 
  if you had n't said something i would never have known . 
  no - but it struck me as funny last night . 
  apparently my sense of humor is not shared . 
  if you could make the grammar just a bit simpler - i think we 'd all start fitting in more quickly . 
  this is very funny - hate to see the down votes - but the underlying idea is also true . 
  soccer has seen a real growth in popularity in the us but it is nowhere near number 2 . 
  the harris poll for 2015 has the order as nfl , mlb , college football , auto racing , nba , soccer - so soccer is 6th . 
  which is not bad - it was higher than ice hockey and i would n't have guessed that . 
  i was at liszt ferenc airport yesterday morning picking up a friend and saw more police than i 've ever seen there before and more machine guns - no soldiers though . 
  driving past pet\u0151fi s\u00e1ndor laktanya and saw guys patrolling the around the outside fence with machine guns . 
  they looked like they were also wearing body armor but i 'm not sure . 
  ( my military days were in the navy - so i 'm not familiar with that stuff . ), 
  it did n't make me feel more safe - i just thought it was interesting . 
  it did n't make me feel less safe either . 
  though i 'd be surprised to see hungary high on the list of is targets . 
   also , i have just confirmed how i myself am slave to it . 
  this is true of all of us to some extent . 
  i 'm a person who really likes to fit in and not stand out as a foreigner . 
  and living in hungary , i have adapted and changed to some extent ( hence the reverse culture shock ) but under it all i 'm the product of my home culture and i always will be . 
  my kids - they are the ones who have it tough . 
  they are what we call third culture kids . 
  they do n't totally belong to the culture where we live , they do n't totally belong to the culture of our passports . 
  i think the positives outweigh the negatives for them but it is different . 
  i get your point - but really i ca n't complain . 
  yes it would be work for me but my prospects are a lot better than the people walking in and asking for asylum . 
  that guy is an idiot and if he were to be elected i 'd be seriously thinking about ways to make my residency in europe permanent . 
  the only reason the hungarian fence has `` worked '' so far is that there are easier routes close by . 
  if everything else were fenced off we would soon see that a fence is a poor method of stopping people determined to get somewhere . 
  yeah - i see like that some too . 
  yeah - but i do n't see people write that way . 
  i 've learned to get my numbers closer when i 'm writing for a hungarian . 
  letters are different too - i coach a little league team and when i get lineups from other coaches it 's a bit of work sometimes . 
  fortunately hungarian names are n't so varied , so i can usually work it out . 
  i wrote both so this is n't the best - but the left is more like how i see hungarians write 1 and 4 and the right is how i write them . 
  i can see why the 7s need to be crossed . 
  ( which i do by the way even though i do n't think i really need to - just a habit i picked up in high school . ), 
  they way hungarians right 1 and 4 gives me no end of trouble . 
  and i suspect it 's a european thing . 
  letters too . 
  i always thought my german mother-in-law had bad handwriting , then i moved to europe and realized she is n't writing the letters poorly , she 's just uses a different style/look . 
  i think the desert areas of southern colorado - like around pueblo are rather unattractive . 
  i love the desert but that area is pretty drab . 
  what futuremachine said . 
  it reminds me a lot of colorado in the u.s. but without the ugly parts . 
  ( if i had to move back to the us and could live anywhere there i 'd probably pick colorado . ), 
  i also have a family history connection to slovenia . 
  my great-grandmother left slovenia to emigrate to the us back when it was still part of hungary . 
  i do n't know how to explain the feeling - but there is a pull to many people , myself included , to have a connection to the past that goes beyond a generation or two . 
  odds are once my kids head back to the states for college - i wont be far behind them . 
  but then again you never know . 
  me too . 
  i have a dream of retiring there . 
  right before the hungarian border with serbia closed my wife was down there helping out . 
  her and a bunch of others ( mostly hungarians ) spent the entire day just loading trash into trucks to be taken away . 
  she said the amount of waste was just staggering . 
  i love that hungarian is ( mostly ) phonetic - but there must be something about humans and language that makes us do stuff like this . 
  i wonder if it 's due to changes in pronunciation where the writing does n't keep up ? 
  i do n't know - maybe linguists do - or at least they probably have guesses . 
  i did - then i got defensive when you pointed out my mistake and tried to pass it off like it was something else . 
  i need to work on that . 
  if i 'm that way here - what happens when someone corrects me irl ? 
  because it applies to the point he made about english vowels that start with a consonant sound . 
  as happens often my hungarian tutor gave me the `` you 're an idiot '' look when we were talking about a/az and i said `` is it before vowels or vowel sounds ? '', 
  and then it hit me that in hungarian you do n't have this issue of vowels starting with consonant sounds . 
  there are people who have done things that indicate a reason for mistrust of their future actions . 
  these things that you know they have done , are a good basis to argue that they should not be trusted . 
  but to just say , `` they have n't done it yet ... '' does n't really indicate anything . 
  we can say this about everyone . 
  and that 's his point . 
  or do you figure out who will do bad things and judge them on it before hand ? 
  you know what clinton had n't done yet ? 
  she had n't started forcing families with more than one child to eat any excess children . 
  not yet . 
  my kids learned to ski at vogel . 
  it is a beautiful area and we had a great time . 
  not as cheap as the tatras - but not as expensive as austria . 
  yeah - i visit whenever i can . 
  my great-grandmother was born very close to what is now the border with hungary . 
  she was slovenian but this was before trianon so she held a hungarian passport . 
  so we visit relatives , my kids learned to ski at the vogel ski resort in bohinj , and i think one of the most popular things we 've done with the kids in the last 5 years was when we visited the \u0160kocjan caves . 
  we stayed in a village nearby and we all had more fun at the caves i think than our day trip to venice . 
  so i 'm still very much an outsider/tourist but slovenia is a special place for me . 
  i wish the us ( my passport country ) used more aircraft like that and less of the multi-billion dollar jets they love so much . 
  on an unrelated note i have a dream of one day retiring to slovenia . 
  i have n't sold my wife on it but i 've still got time to win her over to the idea . 
  i know you are joking around but pilatus builds great aircraft and i do n't think there were a lot of turboprops used in ww2,
