  it 's much better to hear the words . 
  if someone wants to hear the name of hungary sung in hungarian - it 's in the chorus of this rather awesome quimby song . 
  [ kiv\u00e1ndorl\u00f3 blues ] ( http://youtu.be/4caeapwu1tm ) which reminds me of another fact about hungary i would add . 
  they have some spectacular musicians who probably do n't get a lot of air play outside hungary . 
  i 'm an american - living in hungary . 
  and my accent is shit . 
  so take this with a grain of salt . 
  sometimes to my ear - the gy is just a 'd ' followed by the ` y ' - and i most often hear magyar this way , so no english ` j' sound . 
  but in some words i do hear the english ` j' - like nagy or egy - but not always . 
  it depends on the speaker too . 
  when i watch football i hear egy said both ways . 
  you will often read that the hungarian alphabet is phonetic and once you know the sound of each letter it is always the same but this is n't really true . 
  though it 's much more pronounced with vowels in front of ` j' ( or ` ly ' ) than it is in this case . 
  as a visitor living in hungary for a couple years now here are a few things that stand out to me . 
  * 2 of 3 biggest holidays commemorate losses * national anthem is beautiful and very sad * hungarians have a very high suicide rate , at one time the highest in the developed world * hungary performs well above its weight in the olympics * one of the most published mathematicians of all time is hungarian paul erd\u0151s * the doh\u00e1ny street synagogue is the largest synagogue in europe * it 's a great place to live . 
  not sh - dy . 
  in books they say gy sound like the english d in duke . 
  google translate will say it for you if you want to hear it and i think it sounds decent . 
  i 'm guessing you are thinking of the united nations children 's fund report that shows the us second behind romania . 
  here is an article about it in case anyone asks you to give them a reference for that statistic . 
  vintgar gorge is nice . 
  i really like the way they did the path over the water and the waterfall at the end is a nice bonus . 
  slovenia is small but covers some very , very nice realestate . 
  i took my family to plitvice this last fall and it was completely amazing . 
  my girls are going to camp in croatia this summer while my wife is in the states . 
  i think after my son and i drop the girls off we 'll find somewhere to explore for the time they are in camp . 
  enjoy that good croatian food and beautiful countryside . 
  if you are going to bled , take the time to keep going a bit further down the road to the bohinj area . 
  amazing hiking and views there . 
  if you do n't want to hike up to the vogel ski area , take the tram - the views are incredible . 
  the tour at postojna is a bit expensive but pretty cool . 
  and if you decide to do something really off the beaten path by visiting the rotunda of st. nicholas in selo , when you walk out of the little church you 'll be looking right at the farm where my great-grandmother was born . 
  my relatives still live there and work the farm . 
  i think it 's sensible . 
  i only know about it because when a friend bought his house , he could not buy an adjoining lot that was empty . 
  so i 'm not familiar with the details just the general idea . 
  maybe , but i doubt it . 
  but what i 'm more interested in is viewing things in terms of context rather than just here and now . 
  i get an attitude all the time from people that a lot of europe is behind because that 's how the people are . 
  and that is n't the case at all . 
  if you see it that black and white - you are n't seeing it all . 
  this is almost always true . 
  i did n't see anything about that in the article . 
  either way , foreigners can buy property in hungary . 
  a lot of my american friends own houses here . 
  there are just limits on buying farm land and such . 
  i do n't see how that is a big deal . 
  at what point should smaller countries just accept that coming into the eu means being completely bought and assimilated into the larger , wealthier countries that did n't live under the soviets ? 
  in fact - what would hungary look like right now if the rest of us had given them a hand in 56 ? 
  that 's what i do n't get about this - as an outsider . 
  sure hungary has some issues . 
  not anything worse than i 've seen in the other places i 've lived though . 
  they link to an article about the troubles with roma . 
  really - a country that has troubles with an ethnic minority . 
  unheard of and shocking . 
  they should just visit another european country that has completely solved the roma issue and do what they did . 
  oh yeah - that has n't happened . 
  i 'm a liberal guy . 
  i 'm not totally on board with what has happened here with the new constitution . 
  but for crying out loud - every one is piling up on this and acting like their hands are so clean . 
  fidesz messed up by not keeping up appearances and playing ball with the people who have been much more subtle in locking in their power . 
  it 's on my to do list . 
  would really like to do some fishing there . 
  well there you go - now that is something i can get behind . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  trianon was hungarians deserting ? 
  hard to take it seriously with that opener . 
  ( feel like i should state that i 've got a hungarian flag for my flair because i live in hungary but i 'm not hungarian . 
  and i should probably just keep my mouth shut but the hungary bashing is getting really old . ), 
  and you absolutely crush singapore . 
  i 'd try to get excited about something else . 
  europe does have a lot going for it but area is n't really something exceptional . 
  the kicker is how many groups want to claim pieces of that little pie . 
  i 'm just stoked that street view is available for hungary now . 
  here 's a nice [ monument by my house ] ( https://maps.google.com/?ll=47.418743,18.937241&amp;spn=0.000541,0.00284&amp;t=m&amp;z=19&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=47.418744,18.937241&amp;panoid=2a0_4gasxfv6anqwb2wd6g&amp;cbp=12,57.71,,0,-22.5 ), 
  national geographic did a short piece on this place not too long ago . 
  advice, 
  i 'm not arguing semantics . 
  i 'm saying there is room for a large gap between what happens in exercises and reality - especially exercises conducted between the navies of different nations . 
  and i 'm not saying there is n't a good chance these submarines could be highly effective . 
  i just think it is important not to discuss what is unknown as established fact . 
  and honestly i hope we never find out . 
  if you 've been part of a military exercise you 'll know that this supports my original point . 
  louise , dump the milk !, 
  the cat drinks unleaded from now on !, 
  using the word ` can ' implies that this is a fact rather than conjecture . 
  so i imagine moldovan ( moldavian ? ), 
  annoys you . 
  that 's the first place i 've been where i 've seen people function in two languages so seamlessly . 
  the history of the country and language are pretty interesting - but i think all of central/eastern europe is at once fascinating and exasperating . 
  so much strife over such a small area . 
  there you go . 
  it 's a wide world with tons of different cultures . 
  i personally see it as a plus , working on the ability to enter into one that is different from your own and learn to live and operate within it as an outsider and a minority . 
  a lot of people take the other approach and just segregate themselves from anything that is ` other ' . 
  not that i 'm aware of - but then i 'm an american . 
  of course i live in europe so i have to constantly talk to people using words that are different than the words that i 'm used to . 
  i 've managed to do it without it damaging my mind . 
  the vast majority of the people here are americans . 
  with that in mind the solution to `` i just do n't want to read those things . '',
