  i figure that makes it worth the trip alone . 
  it 's all over eastern europe . 
  and that 's the only place i 've ever seen it done . 
  in fact i had a romanian friend ask me why americans do n't like catsup on pizza and all i could say is , `` because it is gross . '', 
  he was under the impression that this is normal and that is how pizza is eaten in italy . 
  i 'm not sure how that came about . 
  my family and i drove from hungary to albania last summer . 
  we went down through serbia and macedonia . 
  i was supposed to meet up with a friend in tirana and then we would all drive together to vlora . 
  my gps had a nervous breakdown and we ended up doing a rather long but very scenic tour of northern albania . 
  i 'd guess a wrong turn we took added on quite a few hours to our trip . 
  i saw so many of these bunkers i could n't believe it . 
  and they seemed just dropped everywhere . 
  the sides of hills , the middle of farmers fields . 
  it was amazing . 
  i was back in tirana a few weeks ago and saw that they had one set up downtown with glass over the entrance and lights inside . 
  it was next to a big piece of the berlin wall . 
  it seems to me things like that would be enough to remember without keeping them all over the place . 
  especially if people can get badly needed money by getting rid of them . 
  i 've only been to a couple in budapest , but have enjoyed them immensely . 
  i remember that . 
  i was born in 1969 so the 80s were my teen years . 
  one of my favorite things about living in central europe is that back then i would have never imagined that it would one day be possible for me to be here . 
  he 's rather controversial back home and it seems like most of my friends love him or hate him . 
  so it strikes me as funny . 
  i like the statue of washington in v\u00e1rosliget better . 
  ( i do n't think reagan was a total villain but i do n't think he was a great president either . ), 
  that 's really interesting . 
  what 's funny is i think he just happened to be the guy in office when things finally reached a tipping point in europe . 
  oh - i use little phrases like that all the time - it 's sentences beyond 2 or 3 words that give me trouble . 
  thanks for the encouragement . 
  there are statues of two different american presidents in budapest . 
  that really surprised me . 
  and i do n't know who pulled off having one of them be reagan , but my super conservative friends from the us go bonkers over it . 
  i 'm learning hungarian - did n't really think about it . 
  i live in hungary and i 'm ever so slowly getting my head around the language . 
  defrocked is the english term , i believe . 
  right - it would be nice if hard lessons could be learned less often - make the pain have a higher return . 
  good point about how this will look down the road as the memories fade . 
  a lot of europeans learned lessons under communism that my country appears to be getting set to learn the hard way . 
  it 's unfortunate that we ca n't just learn it from history . 
  i think this is the largely a byproduct of the average us citizen being isolated from the rest of the world . 
  they do n't realise how much is out there that they just do n't know . 
  me - i 'm just aware of how little i know . 
  no - they bring people back from the dead . 
  he probably meant alligator . 
  i have a meeting with my hungarian tutor in about 15 minutes . 
  i 'm in my mid 40s and i 've been in hungary for a little over 2 years . 
  i was pretty busy at first with my job - which is all done in english . 
  but i 've gotten really tired of feeling like an idiot all the time when i interact with people in day to day stuff - shopping , getting work done on my car , and so on . 
  so i 'm taking classes , doing flash cards , listening to radio , watching tv , etc. 
  i have no illusions about getting fluent , but i just ca n't imagine not trying . 
  it 's too frustrating , not understanding what 's going on around me . 
  this leaves me with little sympathy for people that do n't even try . 
  though i can empathize with feeling like it is hopeless and being tempted to take the easy way out if it is possible . 
  when i was still in the us i lived for 5 years in florida and visited neighborhoods more than once where i needed a friend to translate for me because everything was happening in portuguese or spanish . 
  so i 've seen that from the other side - and honestly it did n't bother me though i think it would be somewhat limiting to the people trapped in that bubble as you describe it . 
  there were a lot of strays around when i was there . 
  usually singles in places with a lot of people and activity - but a couple times later at night in places with less people around i saw them in groups . 
  i realize that this would lead to a never ending level of flair buildup but it would be nice to be able to indicate nationality and residence . 
  though i think as it is now - nationality makes the most sense . 
  no big i had my first visit to poland last fall . 
  i was in warsaw on business for a few days and really enjoyed it . 
  i need to go back with more time to enjoy and explore . 
  sorry - i know it has nothing to do with the topic but i thought i 'd share . 
  moldova is poorest in europe last i saw . 
  what surprised me - and made me nervous more than once - in bucharest were the packs of dogs . 
  a basic level of proficiency in speaking english is very easy to attain . 
  becoming fluent is trickier . 
  reading and writing take a little work due to the lack of consistency in spelling . 
  but compared to most other languages i 've learned , the basics of english are crazy simple . 
  i 'm working on hungarian right now . 
  i 'd say it is more logical than english in a lot of ways - but the initial step to gain basic proficiency is much higher than in english . 
  i was there for a bit this summer , and again last week . 
  as an american it is a pretty easy place to fit in and enjoy . 
  they like us . 
  they like their country ( like we are about ours ) and are pretty easy going . 
  compared to central/eastern europe it felt a lot easier to me . 
  very good book - need to be awake and thinking when you read it . 
  it 's not a fluff piece but it 's not boring or pretentious either . 
  it 's a book review and it 's hard to argue the merits of the book as we get just a summary . 
  but if it truly conveys the idea that success happens when it is expected and that socio-economic conditions have no bearing then it is not something i would want to waste time reading . 
  it 's a lot more complicated than that . 
  it 's been slow . 
  mostly because i have not put in the effort . 
  i work in an office with people from all over so we use english . 
  we were n't sure how long we 'd be here when we first arrived but now it seems like it will be a while so in the fall i start taking classes . 
  i think my expectations are realistic . 
  i do n't ever expect to be great at it but i 'd be happy to be able to hold a basic conversation . 
  which i ca n't do now . 
  reading your comment and then looking up to see the german flag made me chuckle . 
  yes - this picture is old . 
  i just came in from working in the back . 
  the previous renters really let things go . 
  we 've improved it quite a bit . 
  though i grew up in the southwest us so it 's a big learning curve for me . 
  here is where i live now . 
  ( i do n't own it - just rent . ), 
  it 's a newer house and we like it quite a bit . 
  new houses like this are replacing the older , smaller ones all over in our town .
