  i had a romanian ask me once , seriously , `` why do n't americans put ketchup on their pizza ? 
  that 's how the italians eat it . '', 
  i 've seen this in romania , hungary , slovenia , croatia and a few other places . 
  he was canonized on august 20th , 1083 by pope gregory vii . 
  i 'd say it 's better than a number on that list . 
  i think the main square in eger is also very nice . 
  how solid can it be without a single place in hungary on it ? 
  when i lived in florida a local paper went around the state testing fresh `` grouper '' in restaurants and i think the vast majority were some other kind of fish . 
  there are also a lot of loopholes that allow labels to be pretty misleading unless someone takes the time to really look . 
  i wonder if you stood in a us grocery store asking people if `` cheese product '' was actual cheese - how many people would realize it is n't . 
  read that as gnaa for a sec - had some bad flashbacks from the dot . 
  i 'm a full time tech person and i never hide the dock and i do n't full screen apps - i pull them down to the top of the dock - like in the screenshot . 
  it 's all personal preference . 
  this never happens , the world is just too interconnected . 
  people who blame others will always have someone else to blame . 
  and sometimes they will even be right . 
  losing, 
   120\u00a0000\u00a0000 pln that 's a lot of money - where is it going ? 
  * quick edit with some additional info . 
  i got the state department email today this article was based on . 
  it talks about euro 2016 and spends as much time talking about world youth day in krakow . 
  it also mentions the risk to places like restaurants . 
  ( seriously - '' ... we are alerting u.s. citizens to the risk of potential terrorist attacks throughout europe , targeting major events , tourist sites , restaurants , commercial centers and transportation . '', 
  ) the us state dept. 
  has this thing about pointing out everything that happens as potentially dangerous . 
  when i moved to budapest i signed up for emails they send out with security advisories . 
  i quit reading them a long time ago . 
  every single rally , political event , protest , anything . 
  for example , ever since the memorial to the victims of the nazis went up ( http://budapestbeacon.com/public-policy/german-occupation-memorial-completed-under-cover-of-darkness/10320 ) there have been people there `` protesting '' by burning candles , putting up photos and talking to people . 
  it 's always in the emails as something to avoid due to the risk . 
  they carry on about things that are no risk so it makes the whole thing useless . 
  there are a lot of caves here - though my favorite i 've seen yet is in slovenia . 
  the \u0160kocjan caves . 
  it 's a unesco world heritage site . 
  we stayed nearby when we did our trip to visit venice and i think the whole family liked the caves better . 
  incredible place . 
  i 've only been to athens in greece . 
  i 'd like to see more of the greek islands , but the same goes for the croatian coast . 
  our problem when we have time to travel is too many options . 
  i loved the cathedral in cologne as well . 
  but i do love hungary . 
  of course i 'm partial since we live here and for me this is the first ( and only ) country i 've lived in other than the us . 
  my wife lived in ghana for a while and so she has more of an emotional connection there . 
  my kids have been really impacted and do n't even know it . 
  we were eating at a greek restaurant we really like in budapest and my wife said , `` this might be one the best meals i 've ever had . '', 
  our son said , `` i do n't know . 
  that one place we ate in pompei was awesome . '', 
  my wife and i started just laughing and all i can think is `` what kind of life are we living that our kids talk this way ? '', 
  for our european friends it 's probably not such a big deal but for us it 's pretty amazing . 
  that 's what i 've heard . 
  i have some friends giving me a list of places , they went pretty often when they lived in germany . 
  i am looking forward to it - the theme park thing was pretty glib . 
  my wife and i were laughing about the whole thing last night . 
  when we were thinking about moving to hungary , roughly 6 or 7 years ago , only our oldest was really old enough to understand it . 
  so one night i sat her down and said , `` mom and dad are thinking about moving to hungary to work . '', 
  she was 9 or 10 at the time . 
  she considered it for a moment and said , `` can we visit paris ? '', 
  i said , `` i do n't see why not . '', 
  she nodded and said , `` ok '' . 
  anyway we are finally making good on that . 
  we had a couple other `` must do trips '' , the farm where my great-grandmother was born in slovenia , my mother-in-laws childhood home in germany . 
  this is our last ` obligation ' trip . 
  and that 's what was so funny to us , that seeing paris is an obligation . 
  i would say at a minimum 60 % of my life has been a complete and not unpleasant surprise . 
  i 'm up early , fighting allergies as summer kicks in , and while you have made me smile , i just want to say that i 'd never even want to be remotely near a flame thrower . 
  all that flammable liquid in a relatively small container . 
  not for me . 
  i guess my time living in europe as sucked a lot of the usa right out of me . 
  ( still love consuming large quantities of carbonated beverages though - with ice in it please . ), 
  while this is funny - the fact is that taking trains over any appreciable distance in the us is , in my experience , much more expensive and much slower than flying . 
  it 's more of a luxury thing to do if you have the time and money . 
  when i was in university in chicago and wanted to go home to phoenix , i thought i 'd take a train . 
  it was something like double the cost of flying and took days instead of hours . 
  but i did take trains from chicago to kalamazoo and back all the time . 
  but once i had my own car i drove , which was cheaper for that distance . 
  no guns were ever involved in the decision making process either way . 
  yeah - i 've been here 5 now . 
  i 'm done with walking through old churches for the most part . 
  still admire them from the outside but do n't like going in . 
  i 'd say i take less pictures too but i 've never taken many - certainly not of stuff . 
  for that i google it later and get better photos than i ever could take . 
  i do like getting photos of family and friends though . 
  we are going to paris next month and i think it will be fun , but i 'm more looking forward to when we go hiking in poland in august . 
  that is exactly how my family visited venice . 
  to us , all of western europe is one big disney world type place . 
  we travel in to quickly see some famous sites and then when we want to really rest , enjoy nature , and have a good vacation time we stick to central/eastern europe . 
  better service , lower costs , etc. 
  in the us ( and i 'm guessing a lot of countries ) no one truly owns property . 
  you rent it from the government in the form of property taxes . 
  and the day a person stops paying that rent , they lose the property . 
  a quick google gave me this - http://fox17online.com/2014/09/15/kalamazoo-mother-loses-home-over-one-missed-property-tax-payment/ but it happens all the time . 
  i know of an older couple that were forced to sell their home and move because the property taxes became too high . 
  they had built the home themselves . 
  i had a professor in university who was forced to sell and move when his suburb of chicago became very pricey and the taxes went up to match . 
  property ownership is an illusion . 
  bring imminent domain into the discussion and it is even more apparent . 
  different countries surely handle these things differently but i think a lot of the underlying principles are the same just about everywhere . 
  i had to go back to the us in the spring for a funeral . 
  i spent an afternoon at a friends house near luke afb . 
  all the f-35s constantly flying overhead indicate you may be poorly informed .
