good friend had a similar experience to your greek situation in fyrom - which really is funny to me . 
  it 's funny that people are trying to make something of this . 
  i laugh inside every time i see tourists in budapest walking around in their nationalistic hats and t-shirts they bought without a clue . 
  the power in images/symbols like these require a deeper knowledge of a culture than most foreigners have . 
  i had never heard of poe 's law but vonnegut paints a great picture of this idea in mother night . 
  china, 
  there will be americans claiming other countries - but if a decent percentage of us are honest about it - it will be a very high number . 
  and where are you from is really a tough question . 
  where was i born ? 
  where have i lived the majority of my life ? 
  where do i live now ? 
  what country is my passport from ? 
  i picked other because i am a us citizen . 
  i live in hungary but i do n't consider myself ` from ' there . 
  unless i totally misunderstood the question . 
  i approve, 
  call arizona - they are closer, 
  i 'd have to disagree . 
  as groups get larger , i believe the difficulty of implementing solutions is n't linear but rather exponential . 
  and i think the eu is an example in my favor . 
  the eu has more people than the us and states with more independence than the member states of the us and they have a lot more trouble getting things done . 
  try to imagine estonia 's system implemented at an eu level . 
  so while i do n't think that the us is `` too big '' to do it , i think it is unfair to not recognize that the level of difficulty is higher . 
  sure they can - they are just having problems . 
  and i think odds are vermont will work out those problems sooner than the entire us will have a smoothly functioning system . 
  in large part because there are governors of some states that do n't want it to work . 
  and that 's one of the factors of the way the us is that will play into the problem . 
  and estonia does n't have to worry about states that do n't want to participate in their program . 
  i 'm willing to bet they do n't have to worry about any smaller political entity that has the same kind of influence . 
  lets say a city did it - houston has a population larger than the the country of estonia . 
  they might be able to pull it off . 
  estonia is a little smaller than vermont and new hampshire combined with about half a million fewer people than live in those two states . 
  i do n't think it is hard to see why the challenges might be different talking about a place like that compared to something the size of the u.s.a. 
  i live in europe and love it . 
  i think the us has a lot to learn from europe but straight comparisons from any single country to the us are usually unfair in both directions . 
  i got 95 % which in american geography units converts to 355 % in rest of the world geography units . 
  it 's nice that i got more than once chance and i 'm happy i got them all before i ran out . 
  if i had never lived here i could n't have done it and if i had american friends try it they would all fail pretty miserably . 
  if reality keeps conflicting with your views - it 's probably time to re-evaluate the views . 
  aircraft that do n't do acm ( air combat maneuvers ) can last for a really , really long time . 
  with updates to electronics , powerplants , etc - they can remain viable platforms that make a lot more sense than replacing them with something new . 
  on the other hand the stresses of acm stress airframes to the point where they have to be retired after a while so you do n't see them lasting so long . 
  that means they qualified out of the europe/africa region . 
  my son plays in the hungarian little league . 
  watching the european kids play baseball is like watching the american kids play soccer . 
  is that like poland `` getting '' the palace of culture and science ? 
  my experience with it in the us is that often the truth gets out in proportion to the attention the story got in the first place - like the lesbian waitress that claimed some people treated her poorly . 
  and when the person making it up does file a police report they are then prosecuted for making a false report when it comes out that they lied . 
  so they do n't always escape all consequences . 
  but you are right i think that overall they do a great disservice to the community at large . 
  but it is so widespread that i do n't think it will ever go away . 
  and they hurt someone regardless of whether or not the truth comes out . 
  either the people they claim did something wrong or the people later who are true victims . 
  there is some kind of person that has something click in their head when they see an opportunity to present themselves as someone who has suffered for being a part of some group . 
  it happens constantly with just about every possible type of ` oppressed ' people that one can imagine . 
  i wonder if it is related to the kinds of people who pretend to be sick . 
  there was a contest and that design won . 
  the [ ethnographical museum ] ( http://media.afar.com/uploads/images/post_images/images/jeeoc4jgpp/post_display_08d55bfe36357241502f71f12345a27c?1383786039 ) and [ ministry of agriculture ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4032/4619033087_6ff23eaed7.jpg ) came in second and third and were both built facing the winner . 
  what 's amazing about the hungarian parliament building is that it is beautiful from afar , when you can take in the whole thing at once , but it is also amazing up close where you can see all the great detail . 
  it 's probably my favorite building in the world . 
  i doubt that if hillary wins the nomination that she 'll lose . 
  but i do think that it 's possible she may not be the democrat 's candidate . 
  you do realize there are more democrats in the us ? 
  yes , these are the only options . 
  i do this everywhere i go - world wide . 
  i never exchange money if i can help it . 
  i do n't think it is a conspiracy - it 's happiness with how things are and fighting anything that changes it . 
  how is that a conspiracy ? 
  and if nationalists are toxic and no one wants them why did they do so well in the recent eu elections ? 
  and i 'm not sure why showing polls with a lot of americans being against immigration does anything more than prove my point . 
  those people , by definition are nationalistic , and i believe they 've been fed information to keep them that way as it works out well for those who can afford to keep to do it . 
  if you do n't think big business does n't manipulate markets to their own benefit and in efforts to keep employment costs down you are not paying attention . 
  look at the recent case of apple and others collaborating illegally to do so . 
  that 's just a small part of what is going on . 
  maybe - but for what it is worth i did n't say business was against immigration . 
  i said they are against legal immigration . 
  it 's not like people do n't currently immigrate into the usa . 
  illegals provide a large pool of cheap labor that ca n't really fight for any kind of rights from the employers . 
  so i think the status quo - millions of workers in the us without proper documentation is desirable by the people in charge . 
  if it were n't i think we 'd have seen something done by now . 
  the exception would be highly skilled workers , and there you see business pushing for more visas each year . 
  but again they do n't want to dismantle the whole thing or make it easier in general . 
  they just want to broaden their ability to cherry pick a certain set of people to bring in above board . 
  i think borders are n't about keeping people out but more about control . 
  i think the nationalist/right wing types that get really up in arms about border/immigration control ( all over the world not just in the us ) are basically a tool for the people who actually run things and have it in their tool set as another method to push things in the direction they want . 
  you may be right - but i think the reason you are not is because i agree with the recent study that said the usa is now an oligarchy . 
  and big business benefits greatly from the current situation . 
  i think the fact that nafta was able to pass but nothing has happened in immigration reform in forever is a good indicator that the people who are actually in charge do n't want immigration reform . 
  but then again , i was shocked when the wall came down in germany . 
  so i may be completely and totally wrong . 
  the funny thing is i have a lot of us friends who are on the pretty far right side of politics and i 've never understood their aversion to mexican immigration . 
  i know it 's easy to paint them as racists but i do n't really believe that 's it . 
  anyway , regardless of the reason , they ought to be really in favor of mexicans coming to live in the us . 
  they are predominately roman catholic and they have big families . 
  looking at demographic trends world wide i 'd think my fox news loving friends would be all over importing as much of that as possible . 
  mostly europe and asia - a little bit to africa . 
  i have n't been south of cancun , mexico in the americas . 
  i 'd really like to travel that way more at some point . 
  the world just has too many places . 
  i was on a trip a few weeks ago and made a list of all the countries i 've been to .
