  now i think fireworks . 
  i read about shootings in the us all the time . 
  i almost never hear about them here . 
  hungary where i live is roughly the size of indiana in terms of area but the populations is 3 million higher or so . 
  in 2010 709 people were killed by guns in indiana . 
  in hungary it was 95 . 
  a country with three million more people had 614 less gun deaths than the state of indiana which is n't exactly a hotbed of gun violence . 
  the numbers i have came from here : http://www.gunpolicy.org/firearms/region/hungary https://www.americanprogress.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/guns_in.pdf, 
  i think it is safe to say that they are all more conservative in terms of gun ownership compared to the us, 
  i 've been living in europe for 4 years . 
  i came from the us and own quite a few guns that are still back in the us . 
  i was a big proponent of gun ownership . 
  i had a concealed carry permit in the us and was armed more often than not . 
  having been in europe for 4 years and lived with a different system - i 'd have no problem if the us switched to a european approach . 
  i really like not worrying about getting shot . 
  i think in the us the heavy protestant start played a big role and it would be tough to do name days now because names are so varied and you can call your kid pretty much whatever you want . 
  in hungary name days are n't so tricky because most people have ` hungarian ' names . 
  it 's pretty rare that i meet a hungarian with an unusual name . 
  this reminds me a lot of a longer article i read a while back about security services and their ineffectiveness . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was linked from here - but maybe not . 
  anyway - in this article it says they have `` foiled '' five attacks and then the only example they give is a guy who was caught through his own ineptitude . 
  he had murdered someone already and it sounds like they had no idea about him until he accidentally shot himself . 
  it 's fake . 
  i watch tv sometimes and listen to the radio when i drive . 
  more formally i started doing lessons on-line and i meet with a tutor . 
  the tutor and i are reading `` mother night '' by vonnegut in hungarian . 
  she teaches english so i help her out with questions about english and she helps me with stuff that i see and do n't understand . 
  it works out pretty well . 
  i 'll get there eventually . 
  fortunately , until then , i can get by with english and what little hungarian i 've learned so far . 
  no big - i could have been a lot more clear . 
  i was n't referring to english , i was referring to hungarian . 
  i am working on learning hungarian since i live in hungary . 
  it is kicking my ass . 
  sorry i did n't make it explicit . 
  based on vortalwombat 's flair i thought my point was clear . 
  chose not choosed . 
  there is no choosed . 
  you have already mastered the most difficult language in the world . 
  ( it feels that way to me . ), 
  so i do consider you a genius . 
  so please understand i just like helping out people who are smarter than i am . 
  i 've been to malldova . 
  it was o.k. 
  do n't eat at the mexican restaurant though - not very good . 
  i felt the earth getting warmer as i watched that . 
  in all sincerity - if i could go there i think i might . 
  maybe not . 
  i 've read a lot about the country and monitor news on it regularly because i really feel for the people that live there . 
  so a part of me would want to go but then again there would n't be anything i could do but observe even more closely . 
  i wish i could help them . 
  there are a lot of messed up places in the world , but that one seems to be one of the worst at the moment . 
  i get to do what i want , say what i want , go where i want . 
  it 's my right . 
  just the other day i was stopped by the hungarian police for speeding , and i said , `` i 'm sorry , you must be confused . 
  i 'm american . '', 
  of course they let me go immediately . 
  i never wait in lines . 
  as i pass by the queue if people look upset i just let them know , `` it 's o.k. 
  i 'm american . '', 
  when people talk to me in strange languages i just let them know ( very slowly and with great volume so that they are sure to understand ) `` you need to speak english . 
  i 'm american '' . 
  this really works well . 
  i feel an important part of my life is to travel as much of the world as possible and let people know how to do things the right way . 
  it 's surprising how high a percentage of the world 's population does things incorrectly . 
  sometimes when they are so off that i ca n't help them personally i do n't get too worried . 
  i know my government will straighten them out one way or another , sooner or later . 
  being an american is the best . 
  he is n't just a guy with a million dollars . 
  he 's a guy with deep connections who ( intentionally or not ) give him a ton of advantages that go well beyond the million dollars . 
  the million dollars is just an indicator of those connections . 
  that was my point . 
  that people lost jobs or at the least only received partial payment because of his bankruptcies is a fact - that is n't exaggerated . 
  i think chapter 11 and how he has used it is a great example of how the law has become a shield for the wealthy to avoid ever personally being impacted by their own failures . 
  a lot of people lost money , so that he could continue to make more for himself . 
  i ca n't figure out how to view that as being successful . 
  when i owe someone something , i pay it . 
  i would consider not doing so not only to be poor financial management , i would view it as immoral . 
  i think many `` successful '' businessmen are just people with very little in the way of moral scruples and a set of rules purpose built to allow them to continue to `` succeed '' regardless of how they perform . 
  if your father can loan you a million dollars , there are a lot of other connections and advantages that will come to you beyond the cash . 
  and they wont take any active effort on the part of the father . 
  just by being a part of a family with those resources is enough . 
  i would argue that once a person is attached to enough wealth it 's difficult not to become more wealthy . 
  trump 's companies numerous bankruptcies are proof of this i think . 
  great list that includes a few tricky things i do n't usually see mentioned . 
  word order is a big one . 
  i 'd include the practical issue of hungarians not hearing hungarian spoken with many accents . 
  if i do n't pronounce thing just right people do n't understand me . 
  it can be very frustrating when to me ear , i am saying it correctly or at least close enough . 
  well no . 
  but i 'm just messing around . 
  it 's an interesting idea that no one prevents you from paying too much . 
  usually it 's expressed the other way - no one forces you to pay too much . 
  this was funny to me and so i am joking that someone does prevent me from paying too much , me . 
  i prevent myself , by not making enough money, 
  not every american - most , but not every . 
  the only finish line they did n't win , to my knowledge was the manned landing on the moon which was a finish line created just for the purpose of `` winning . '', 
  the present i do n't feel qualified to comment on . 
  me too - but at least it does n't just keep running forever . 
  i do n't really think it 's that bad though the budapest system is better .
