  but you could have the best mechs in the world and just good ol' turning and burning will do them in . 
  that 's my point . 
  if you are engaged in acm - you are going to get stress fractures and the airframes will have to be retired . 
  if you are n't - you can go on and on . 
  there is no maintenance that gets rid of stress in metal . 
  you ca n't land fixed wing aircraft on a carrier that is n't moving . 
  i do n't know about the russian navy but in the us navy a pilot is required to make so many touch and goes , so many recoveries ( night and day ) to stay qualified and they spend a lot of time doing all three . 
  we would often take out squadrons purely for the purpose of them keeping current . 
  it 's not old for the design . 
  all air frames used in air combat maneuvers age out relatively quickly due to stress . 
  so the actual jets in use are not that old . 
  aircraft that do n't engage in acm - say something like the b-52 can go forever - but fighters do n't last too long . 
  and anything being recovered by arresting gear and exposed to ocean/sea environment will have this happen even more quickly . 
  i spent some time as ships company on a usn carrier ( operating arresting gear ) and later in an f-14 squadron . 
  i 'm not an expert but do have some familiarity with the topic . 
  i think either is fine . 
  if it 's a casual thing i 'll just say , `` good . 
  you ? '', 
  the correct american answer is `` good '' and how you feel does n't change the fact that this is the right response . 
  when i talk to close european friends and i 'm sharing something negative happening in my life i have to constantly fight the urge to apologize for talking about bad things and not being positive . 
  you are right technically but really anyone in the us who does n't live in a poor , urban environment is safer than the average american . 
  they are but when it 's a broad appeal to avoid crowds , christmas markets , etc. 
  it just comes across as a `` cover your ass '' move . 
  i got it in my email and just rolled my eyes . 
  i 'm not going to hide in a whole until february . 
  this is an awesome time of year to be out enjoying being around people . 
  drowns while attempting to rescue children, 
  the reason the collusion is illegal is because it hurts the economy . 
  stopping it will help the economy not hurt it . 
  all i 'm saying is that for many of us who grew up through the cold war - we thought those places would never be let go . 
  and then they were . 
  so i 'm not comparing them beyond the fact that i would not say `` they 'll never gon na leave that land . '', 
  i said that for years about east germany . 
  i 'm visiting az right now . 
  my family lives here and this is where i grew up . 
  the funny thing is i 'm what many people picture as `` american '' . 
  i 'm white , i speak english as my first language , etc. 
  then you have people of mexican heritage with darker skin who speak spanish and they get viewed with suspicion by many . 
  my great-grandparents on both sides were all immigrants from europe . 
  i probably deal with hispanic people every day who have been americans for generations and generations before my family ever came here . 
  my favorite milblogger - neptunus lex lost his life flying an old israeli jet for atac . 
  a combination of bad weather and some screwups/bad communication on the part of air traffic control . 
  he could n't write specifics about what they did but he made some cool videos of what he could show and wrote up some general descriptions of what the flights were like . 
  unfortunately the blog went offline a number of years ago . 
  i did n't realize until checking right now that wired did an article on the accident . 
  https://www.wired.com/2012/03/blogger-crash/ and it looks like the a lot of his posts have been saved here : https://thelexicans.wordpress.com/ the guy was a great writer . 
  i 'm not all that knowledgeable about the whole thing so thanks for explaining . 
  it feels like to me a situation that is far from clear cut . 
  my understanding , from the little reading i 've done is that greece sponsored a coup to make cyprus become a part of greece - there was resistance and turkey got involved and it stopped with the split we have now . 
  so i do n't understand how it is n't between greece and turkey and how turkey is the only party involved with cyprus . 
  but i 'm really asking . 
  maybe i 'm wrong about what happened . 
  i 'm just going on what i 've read . 
  is n't turkey the reason the greek sponsored coup failed , making them the people who kept cyprus a country ? 
  or have i been misinformed ? 
  a lot of americans would like to see that too . 
  the proper word is labdar\u00fag\u00e1s . 
  i hear foci more than any other word though . 
  if that idiot makes 4 years the us will be less relevant to the world that it has been in a long , long time . 
  i have a buddy who is in the middle of moving to the us from the uk for a job . 
  we were chatting about vehicles and he said they had narrowed down what they wanted to a dodge or a toyota . 
  there were a few of us americans at the table and we all immediately said , `` buy a toyota , not a dodge . '', 
  the last time i bought a car in the states i chose a used honda over a new dodge . 
  it does because if he 'd replaced all the people he fired , if he lead by example and if he had half a clue , i think stuff like this would be dealt with quickly and effectively . 
  instead you get the clusterfuck that has become everything he touches . 
  the buck stops at his desk . 
  then with some of the few appointments he 's made , the question arises - is it better that he leave no one in charge and we deal with the issues that creates ? 
  or should we let him keep putting people in charge who are unaware of what the position entails and/or actively hostile to the mission of the department they lead ? 
  yes - it 's all obama 's fault . 
  trump , the very picture of well thought out foreign policy and beyond reproach in his dealings with secure information will sort it out by firing more people while not replacing all the other people he fired quite a while ago . 
  as a us citizen i find it to be embarrassing . 
  all the civil liberties that have been destroyed in the name of fighting terrorism and then we ca n't even get the stuff that actually does matter right . 
  the us president rides around blaming everyone else and then does damage to our allies . 
  i ca n't wait for this to change but i think we will have this situation for some time . 
  we are going home for a couple months this summer . 
  it 's something we do every few years and my kids are actually nervous about going back . 
  they are worried something could happen and we 'll get stuck there . 
  i think they are overreacting some but it illustrates how the current tone from what they read about back home impacts them . 
  good on them . 
  until the situation with leadership of the executive branch gets fixed people should be very , very careful with how they engage with our government . 
  at best you can hope for ignorant , accidental damage done to anything entrusted to the trump administration . 
  the overlap between anyone paying any attention and being anti-trump is complete . 
  his backers were a minority at the peak of his popularity and that group grows smaller every day . 
  there 's a leadership vacuum at the federal level . 
  positions unfilled , a disastrous incompetent at the helm - so the leaks do n't surprise me at all . 
  and the nyt probably figured if they did n't run it , someone else would . 
  not saying that makes it right but again it does n't surprise me . 
  we took my mother-in-law to the kafka museum this fall . 
  she loved it so much . 
  i think it was her favorite thing she saw while visiting budapest , vienna and prague . 
  my kids wont be forgetting the peeing statues from near the entrance . 
  ( https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/02/27/30/5a/statue-outside-the-kafka.jpg ), 
  no - i did buy a 1 liter can though a couple months ago because it came in a cool mug . 
  yeah - it 's roughly the same price here in budapest . 
  and that 's a half liter - which for me was an amazing thing after i moved to europe . 
  when i visit the us i 'm always disappointed with the little bitty beers . 
  which makes it a win-win for me . 
  velkopopovick\u00fd kozel for me - but i agree that czech beer is the best beer . 
  i already hated flying to the u.s. now , i am going to do all i can to avoid it at all costs because the stupidity is just out of control . 
  when our momma sang us to sleep ...
