  ouch - that would not fly in my household . 
  i think i would like it . 
  it sounds really good just now . 
  it may not end up permanent for us - but i would n't mind if it did . 
  i really like it here a lot if i did n't get that across . 
  though i do have a dream that involves retiring to a nice place by a mountain river in slovenia . 
  i work for a global christian missions organization based out of the u.s. 
  i 'm the director of technology for a 20 country region and our regional office is in buda\u00f6rs . 
  the us organization i work for is called cru and in hungary it is called tim\u00f3teus t\u00e1rsas\u00e1g alap\u00edtv\u00e1ny . 
  ( they are independent of one another legally but work together if that makes sense . ), 
  i grew up in the us during the cold war and this part of the world always held a lot of fascination for me . 
  in 2008 i attended a conference in tih\u00e1ny ( in the winter - a little odd ) and i fell in love with the place . 
  through a series of different events we found out there was an opening for us here , and we were able to move here in 2011 . 
  after getting here i found out that my great-grandparents on my father 's side were from hungary , though i do n't think they were ethnically hungarian . 
  but learning that , a lot of stuff about my family , how i grew up and my own cultural values made a lot of sense . 
  i really enjoy living here and i 'm working on trying to track down the documentation that might make it possible for me to gain citizenship . 
  but i 'm learning the details of all that would imply right now so i think it is a little while off . 
  i 'm not in a rush as we have n't had any issues getting residency permits . 
  the people in my office are from all over - so we operate in english . 
  this is problematic for me as it 's made it harder for me to learn hungarian . 
  i 'm talking to my boss now to see if i can find a way to work my schedule so that i can spend more time on it . 
  i 've been here two years but i ca n't carry on a conversation . 
  i really knew nothing about hungary before i visited . 
  once i did visit , i loved it . 
  i 've tried to learn about the history and culture as much as i can . 
  though there is so much to learn i pick up new things every day . 
  i had a hungarian flag for my flair here , but i switched it . 
  on the one hand i identify strongly with hungary and i live there , but at the same time i realize it might make people think i 'm hungarian but really i 'm not . 
  my kids love it here as well . 
  my son is 10 and when he has his `` when i grow up ... '' discussions with me he always talks about living in hungary . 
  my wife loves it too - but has a hard time with the winters . 
  before this she lived in arizona , florida and ghana . 
  she really likes the sun and warm temperatures . 
  she 's really happy right now , i 'm already looking forward to the fall when things cool off . 
  way more than you wanted to know , i 'm sure . 
  but the security guard did n't show up at the office and now i 'm hanging out until the other guy gets here and i can go home . 
  / \u025f / according to this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_alphabet, 
  yeah - i think what 's happening is difficult for hungarians to hear the way i explain it - but it really threw me for a while . 
  i finally ran into a rather non-academic pronunciation list that just straight out lists these sounds as dipthongs . 
  that helped me out a lot . 
  ( it 's this - http://www.phantomranch.net/folkdanc/alphabet/hungarian.htm ) i was just in albania and could n't say ` po ' correctly to save my life . 
  it 's because i add the u sound onto the end of o. i do n't hear it but i believe it is there and i have a heck of a time trying not to say it . 
  i also messed up a lot because albanian for no is jo - and when i 'm in a non-english context i tend to switch to hungarian and you can see the problem there . 
  as an american - learning to default to j being like a y was a big deal for me . 
  the w/v thing has also taken a number of brain cycles . 
  i was in poland and a friend said , `` pronounce this word . '', 
  and showed me something written in polish . 
  it included a vowel in front of a ` j' and i think i got very close to saying it correctly . 
  she was a little disappointed and said , `` no , not like you would say it now that you 've lived in hungary . 
  say it like you would back in the us . '', 
  i did and she found it to be hilarious . 
  i understand they are separate letters . 
  what i 'm saying is that the letter `` a '' makes two different sounds . 
  it makes one sound in az and another in sajt . 
  e makes one sound in ertem and another in tej . 
  and so on . 
  that 's all i 'm saying - it is n't all phonetic because you have to know those vowels are going to change their sound . 
  for it to be truly phonetic a lot of letters would have to be added . 
  and it can get trickier because it seems that sometimes even a consonant in their wont fix it . 
  i ca n't think of an example off the top of my head but i know i 've seen words with a vowel , a consonant and then the j or ly and the change happens to the vowel . 
  and this happens with gy sometimes but not always . 
  hogy changes the o but magyar does not change the a. 
  so in practice i 've found that their are a number of words where i just need to listen carefully and learn how they are pronounced . 
   democracy is n't what it 's suppoaed to be with the fidesz supermajority this , to some extent , remains to be seen . 
  they were elected democratically . 
  so one ca n't say the supermajority itself is undemocratic . 
  will the changes they have made keep them in power and damage democracy as much as some say ? 
  i think that is not known yet . 
  i 'm no expert but i think there are a lot of people with motivations other than keeping democracy alive who decry the current government as a dictatorship because it is politically expedient . 
  i always wonder when i am driving and i see ` big hungary ' stickers on cars if these mean much . 
  is it just being patriotic , pride in past or do you think it indicates more ? 
  i do have a neighbor who is a very hard core nationalist guy . 
  but every country i 've lived in has people like him . 
  sometimes it might be a different cause than nationalism but same underlying mindset . 
  besz\u00e9lek  this is the phrase i can say best . 
  sometimes i feel a little like these guys . 
  no - there are letters that change sound . 
  a ( like the way i say the english word awe for me ) becomes like english oi in front of j. 
  like in sajt . 
  \u00e1 which is like a short o for me becomes like a long i in front of ly . 
  like in kir\u00e1ly . 
  o and e do the same thing . 
  o becomes like my oi and e becomes like \u00e9 when in front of j or ly . 
  they do it consistently - but the bottom line is that one has to know these sounds will change when those letters will combine . 
  there is not a letter for each sound . 
  and letters can change sound . 
  it 's a lot simpler than english but it still caught me off guard when i first learned it because everyone kept telling me - `` it 's phonetic , once you know all the sounds you can read any word . '', 
  and there i am in the store trying to order cheese and it is n't `` shaw-y-t '' it is `` shoit '' . 
  i understand all the sounds and learning them separately is n't hard . 
  what is difficult is putting them together , especially quickly . 
  and putting the stress always on the first syllable also trips me up as a native english speaker . 
  neither, 
  probably . 
  it 's just the one i see the most in books . 
  the problem with explaining the pronunciation of hungarian ( or any other language for that matter ) to a person who speaks english is that english is spoken with so many different accents . 
  a lot of my hungarian friends who speak english learned it in australia . 
  many more learned from someone with an rp background . 
  i have a good hungarian friend who sounds very , very irish when she speaks english . 
  my kids go to an international school and a lot of their hungarian class mates sound very , very american . 
  anyway - the point is , it 's tough to give written examples .
