  is rather obvious . 
  that is full of awesome . 
  i 'll be watching more - thanks !, 
  i can watch a lot of stuff - but the things that get me most interested are the sports i 've played myself or grew up watching . 
  of course the eurosport channels have introduced me to a lot of stuff that i do n't understand . 
  i think the one sport i was immediately drawn to when i saw it for the first time was australian rules football . 
  that stuff is crazy . 
  and i was able to figure it out very quickly . 
  i still do n't get rugby . 
  and cricket is completely lost on me , though i can still sit and just watch it for a while . 
  i do n't like golf either but i know guys who would go play a course that had been used for a tournament the week before and compare how they did to the pros . 
  i think that would make it fun . 
  when i lived near a course for a few months it was the first time i 'd seen regular people golf . 
  this also gave me a bit more respect for the pros . 
  but i also enjoy watching starcraft replays . 
  i just like competition . 
  it sort of is - except the hits are a lot harder because of the helmets and pads . 
  i usually try to avoid the arguing over sports but i 'm tired from staying up all night ( i live in gmt +1 ) to watch the game . 
  i ca n't wait to get done with work so i can go home and sleep . 
  i like a lot of professional sports . 
  usually avoid the digs on one or the other as i find many of them entertaining . 
  well except maybe for snooker . 
  how can that be on tv so much ? 
  i know right ? 
  people who use words differently from the way i do really annoy me too . 
  i should just walk away - but i 'm stupid . 
  the players in the ` armour ' are doing permanent damage to their bodies , especially their brains . 
  it 's not rugby . 
  if rugby were played like american football they would be carting bodies off the field every time it was played . 
  none of it makes sense . 
  cool air ca n't hurt you . 
  i was telling my hungarian landlord how hot it got back in my home in the southwest us . 
  she said , `` how do people live where it is so hot ? '', 
  i said , `` it 's no big deal . 
  we all have air conditioning . '', 
  she asked in all seriousness , `` but does n't the air conditioning make you sick ? '', 
  i like to tease one of my daughter 's better friends by saying `` pana , later we 're all going to get our hair wet and walk around outside . '', 
  drives her nuts . 
  the other one i 've heard here in hungary is that girls sitting on a cold surface , like a cement floor , will not be able to have children . 
  so how should it be done ? 
  how should us companies handle data in europe ? 
  they do n't like the current safe harbor system , they do n't like whatever this proposes ( and i do n't know the details so i do n't know and i 'm not endorsing it ) - but what do they want done . 
  are they saying the eu should be a data island and no one should be able to host or move data anywhere outside of it ? 
  i agree that us corporations have too much influence on american politics and i prefer the way most european countries approach personal data but there does need to be some framework for data to be moved between the two . 
  lake bled , slovenia eger , hungary, 
  my wife and kids love that show . 
  many of the episodes are available on netflix for those that have access to it . 
  why would they when there is so much awesome stuff to explore outside ? 
  i was on a train from budapest to vienna watching a roma looking couple go through an id check and it all looked very borderless . 
  i 'd say the borders going down are losing out to the borders going up . 
  just because some moved out to the edges of the schengen zone , a relatively small area , does n't seem to mean that much to me on a global scale . 
  or the name of hungary in hungarian - magyarorsz\u00e1g, 
  i think maybe yes on the us driving - and i think it is for two reasons . 
  first as you mention the much lower standards and the second is that so many people come from so many other places . 
  so you get a lot of people with different expectations and no formal training to correct them . 
  and laws can vary to some extent from state to state . 
  on reddit there is a lot of american self loathing . 
  i do n't mind it because it balances out the irrational usa worship that happens with so many others . 
  i think the us is a pretty good place but it 's still just a place with all its own problems . 
  hungary is n't perfect and there are a lot of challenges . 
  but it has a lot going for it and can be a wonderful place to live . 
  but the harshness i see is hungarians talking about how they do n't like the attitude and outlook of one another . 
  it 's just interesting to me . 
  i hear it from my friends all the time . 
  of course i live a little outside the realities of hungary . 
  i rent a really nice house , i get paid by an american company , i do n't pay hungarian income tax , etc. 
  but it 's funny - since i 've been here ( this is the only place i 've lived outside the us ) i have a lot of affection for the country and feel really defensive of it . 
  i 'm not going to join jobbik and try to get trianon rolled back or anything but i do love hungary . 
  i just wish hungarian was easier to learn . 
  i 've been in hungary 18 months . 
  lived in the us the rest of my life . 
  i 'm right outside budapest in di\u00f3sd and work in buda\u00f6rs . 
  i ca n't get over how often people actually let me merge , wait for me to make to turns , make room for pedestrians and bike riders . 
  maybe i just lived in parts of the us that were really bad but in general people have been more considerate and much more patient in how they drive . 
  but that 's just my experience as one person . 
  the thing that really fascinates me is that the people i 've found to be the harshest about hungary and hungarians - are hungarians . 
  that whole joke about the boiling pot in hell with nothing to keep the people in is pretty true . 
  edit - when i am actually downtown it 's not quite so nice ( the driving ) and i get honked at a lot but outside budapest proper it 's been great . 
  my observation has been that hungarian drivers are much better than those in the u.s. 
  not just any crappy suzuki - a suzuki swift . 
  most ironic car name ever . 
  your first point ca n't be emphasized enough . 
  usually when americans talk about europe they are talking about a very small number of hand picked countries in western europe . 
  i remember telling a table full of guys all from former soviet block countries that i was glad that the us seemed to be headed towards socialized medicine . 
  they read me the riot act and told me how horrible it was going to be . 
  it 's impossible to talk about health care in europe as any kind of cohesive policy or level of service . 
  you can talk about specific countries . 
  i think it 's interesting to note as an american expat living in central europe i carry medical evacuation insurance for my family and i. 
  if things go south i want to be in austria or somewhere that has a level of medicine like i 'd find back home . 
  my friends who work and live further east have it much worse and come here ( hungary ) for even more basic stuff . 
  automatic weapons are n't banned in the us - just requires some permits . 
  but they are so expensive usually the owners of fully automatic weapons are lawyers , doctors , etc. 
  i 've seen this in romania , hungary , slovenia and croatia . 
  i was flying from budapest to moscow for the first time . 
  there was an option to pay a little extra for more leg room . 
  and i was thinking about it but fortunately i thought to check the length of the flight first . 
  i could n't believe it is that close . 
  i like when i meet someone and they say `` i 'm going to visit the us next summer . '', 
  and i say , `` really , where are you going ? '', 
  and they say something along the lines of `` well i 've got a week .
