  you just text your license plate number and it starts . 
  when you are done you text the word `` stop '' and they stop it . 
  if you do n't stop it before the end of the time they charge for parking , it automatically stops on its own . 
  no worrying about buying periods of time . 
  the new cvns for the usn do a lot in terms of automation to reduce crew count - not because of recruitment but because of cost . 
  and i think one way it could come back to bite them is that they wont have enough people in key places if work that is normally done in port needs to be done at sea . 
  ( i have a nice letter from the department of the navy for work done in a situation that fits this . ), 
  v-2 division is a place with huge cuts in staffing . 
  less arresting gear engines , more automation in terms of operating those engines , less crew needed for maintaining magnetic catapults , etc. 
  every drop in the number of people doing necessary work means less people needed to support them . 
  and as we move more towards drones , the air wing numbers would drop as well i think . 
  why does n't the tremont street subway in boston count ? 
  could be both sometimes for lots of reasons . 
  it was n't my primary job . 
  but it 's such a big issues everywhere that when i was n't doing my primary job i was cleaning or doing corrosion control . 
  at times my primary job ( operating and maintaining arresting gear on an aircraft carrier ) was very exciting and rewarding . 
  and i was compensated well for my service . 
  so all in all i think it was worth it . 
  and i did n't do it for too long . 
  i went to university after and have done a lot of other things since . 
  the ocean is a very corrosive environment . 
  when everything is working properly on a ship a lot of time and energy goes to corrosion control . 
  under these circumstances things looked better than i would have expected . 
  i 've been through a couple us navy corrosion control courses and spent lots and lots of time removing corrosion from metal , painting , etc. 
  aboard a ship . 
  i see your point . 
  i can also understand how a city that has as much tourism as budapest would want to take steps to protect that industry . 
  honestly in the end i hope that they can find a solution that serves everyone well . 
  i probably lean a little towards the labor side of things and i do n't think stuff like uber is good for workers in the long run . 
  but i 'm willing to be wrong if it works out differently . 
  in the end my interest is mostly as an observer since i live here as a guest . 
  i do n't know the answer to your question in terms of how trucking should be managed . 
  the underlying assumption ( that i think we agree on ) is that motor vehicles and services around them should be regulated . 
  and i for one appreciate the european model where they people who use the infrastructure bear the bulk of the costs . 
  when i lived in the us i paid for roads and motorways i never used . 
  here in hungary when i use something i pay for my use . 
  i 'm o.k. 
  with that . 
  i do n't want a free ride . 
  are some of the specifics of taxi regulations messed up ? 
  would n't surprise me . 
  i 've yet to live in a country where that stuff does n't go on . 
  does that mean i would be o.k. 
  just deregulating it all ? 
  no i would not . 
  maybe you do and i 'm wrong that we 'd agree . 
  maybe you are an anarchist . 
  if so sorry for the false assumption . 
  really my response is all about your question `` also do you find it normal that someone tries to forbid me onto whose car i am using ? '', 
  and i 'm just explaining that yes i do find it normal and i think most people do . 
  we can debate what the extent of those regulations should be but i for one am extremely happy for many of the rules that control who can drive what , when and how . 
  gon na send this to some friends back home . 
  dollars to donuts they wont realize it 's not just a regular map . 
  government regulates many services . 
  regulating one that consists of people making profit off public infrastructure really makes sense to me . 
  of course - iron maiden will be there in july . 
  i understand it completely and you are wrong . 
  wealthy people who are not mentally ill do those kinds of things all the time . 
  actually they do everything you 've listed . 
  petty theft , violent crimes , damage property , all of it . 
  the percentages might be lower but it happens and probably more often than is reported . 
   once people have money and property of their own , they basically eschew any kind of criminality . 
  this is just so blatantly false . 
  the world is full of rich criminals . 
  history is full of rich criminals . 
  the grammar is what makes it tough in my opinion . 
  the rest is pretty normal ( in terms of difficulty ) i think . 
  i lived a little north of the us border with mexico for most of my life . 
  people who are determined can get where they want to go . 
  look at north korea . 
  how about the iron curtain ? 
  those are examples of borders that were enforced ( are enforced ) with lots of physical barriers and an incredible political will and they are still circumvented . 
  it appears to me that if a country is willing to shoot people on site , spend absurd amounts of money on manpower and infrastructure then you can slow it down . 
  but it wont ever stop and the moment there is less pressure in any way - it 's all over . 
  to me it seems like there are better places to put those resources . 
  and i hope most civilized people are n't going to be o.k. 
  with summarily executing anyone who tries to illegally cross a border . 
  i 'm not looking at it from a political perspective in terms of what is desirable or best . 
  i just look at history and the current situation and it looks to me like physical barriers are not effective . 
  the hungarian fence is so effective because there were better routes to take once it went up . 
  if the whole route were closed with similar fence it would not stop people at all . 
  where they would choose to cross would depend on a lot of factors but physical barriers like that are mostly useless . 
  i did not know some of that - and i ought to . 
  though i really would n't spend anywhere close to 180 days outside of hungary on purpose . 
  but good to know . 
  i got a lot of grief from a turkish air guy one time on my way to ethiopia . 
  he did n't understand that i could get a visa on arrival . 
  they pulled me aside and the rest of the passengers ( 90 % german tourists ) looked at me like i was a criminal . 
  strange feeling . 
  and turkey used to be a huge pain but now that i can buy my visa on-line ahead of time it is great . 
  though it gave me a lot more compassion for my friends with passports that do n't give them as much freedom . 
  i might be confused but my understanding is that a us passport gets you what is basically an automatic 90 day tourist visa when you arrive in a schengen country . 
  that 's the stamp in the passport . 
  maybe that 's the wrong term . 
  so i guess if someone were from the us and leaving schengen having already been there 90 days maybe there is some requirement to wait before entering again for another 90 days . 
  i live in hungary with a residence permit and i have to show it along with my passport when i go to croatia , romania , etc. 
  it shows that i have not overstayed from my initial arrival . 
  i 'm a lot less impressed with the imaginations of some british authors now that i 've lived in europe for a bit . 
  i see things constantly that make me think , `` oh - i bet that was what inspired ... '' or things of that nature . 
  i still enjoy the stories , they just are n't nearly as exotic now that i 've seen what the authors saw .
