  i 'd like to see new york , miami , vegas and l.a. '', 
  the south will rise again , yadda yadda . 
  shoot - forget the villages . 
  atlanta is a disaster . 
  i hate georgia . 
  that really ticks me off . 
  there has been a flood of support from the people of hungary . 
  they may not like the government response but all the food , water , clothing and other assistance they 've received while they refused to work with government employees came from hungarian people . 
  no one in the us should be criticizing the european response to this crisis in light of the clusterfuck that is us immigration policy . 
  that 's why google now says my drive home will be longer than normal - got ta find another route . 
  i grew up a 3 hour drive from the us/mexico border . 
  i 've lived with constant accusations that the reason a lot of americans want to stop mexicans from illegally entering the us is simply because we are racist . 
  that always bothered me because i know it is not that simple . 
  i see a lot of similarities here . 
  from what i can see the hungarian government is working hard to deal with a tough situation . 
  and it is easy for people who are n't dealing with it to criticize . 
  i agree with that - that they are hurting themselves in some ways by how they are responding to this . 
  i live in hungary by choice and i love it here . 
  i have a us employer and a salary that is higher than the average in hungary so it makes it easy for me to enjoy it . 
  but still it is a good place to live in my estimation . 
  but maybe these people are aware that the current government is openly hostile to immigration right now . 
  i do n't know if they are but i could see why it would encourage them to move on . 
  how they got fixated on germany i do n't know - but the government saying we should welcome these people probably had something to do with it . 
  and i think some of the other factors i mentioned above along with all the other responses that were given to the original question as to why they want to go to germany . 
  i wonder how they will feel long term . 
  and i think if things ever got good in their homes i think you would see many go back . 
  it 's not easy to be a foreigner . 
  as i 've said , i enjoy hungary and i feel thankful that i have the opportunity to live here - but it 's hard sometimes . 
  i miss being in my home culture and language where i understand everything at a much deeper level . 
  the head of the place i work is polish . 
  over lunch yesterday he was telling me how much he misses poland . 
  and odds are someday i 'll return to the u.s. 
  i do n't think most people really want to be displaced . 
  but once it happens , they try to get the best they can . 
  and think about the difficulties that stood in their way getting here . 
  who has made it this far ? 
  the people who absolutely wont give up and are willing to do whatever it takes to get what they want . 
  the milder people have already self selected out . 
  a lot of hungarians have moved to germany and other parts of the eu . 
  if you want to call escaping a war torn country and then trying to go somewhere that maximizes your chances of success as selfish - i guess you are just more selfless than most people . 
  but i do n't think the people coming here would leave in such great numbers if things were n't so bad back home . 
  and why are they so bad back home ? 
  well , in no small part do the interference and meddling of the west . 
  what goes around comes around . 
  the universe is a place of action and reaction . 
  every action has a consequence and what you see right now is not happening in a vacuum because these are genetically inferior or socially inferior people . 
  they are as good as you - they are just in a situation that has caused behavior seen time and again by people in their circumstances , no matter the color of their skin or cultural background . 
  you are correct . 
  but i 'm just being sloppy with my language . 
  what i mean is that i think the breakdown is that there are groups of people larger than just statistical error who want to go other places . 
  and there may even be a decent number who want to stay here . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do know that the group at keleti is all i see in photos and on tv and a lot of them seem to want to get to germany but i know there are lots of other people in hungary beyond that group . 
  i do n't know for sure though . 
  it 's all guesses on my part . 
  the other expats i know here in hungary are really watching this . 
  some are worried that the reaction to these kinds of things will bleed over and impacts us . 
  i 'm not overly worried yet but i hope this gets resolved sooner rather than later . 
  i really do like it though . 
  i drive into work in the morning , singing along with the radio . 
  i do n't know a lot of what i 'm saying but it sounds great . 
  ( the hungarian , not my voice . ), 
  i am learning , but slowly . 
  that grammar is killer . 
  it 's worth noting - they do n't want to go much further . 
  as an american it 's taken me a while to get used to how small european countries are and how close everything can be . 
  hungary sits right in the middle of europe . 
  i live about a 20 minute drive ( with good traffic ) from keleti . 
  from my house to munich is a 6 hour drive . 
  less time that it used to take me to drive from orlando to atlanta . 
  and everyone is talking about how the economy is better in germany - and it is . 
  but also think about long term prospects and what you would want for your children . 
  i love living in hungary and i love their language - but from a purely practical standpoint having your kids growing up learning hungarian and using it daily is not nearly as useful as having them grow up learning and using german . 
  hungarian is really only useful in hungary . 
  ( and a couple small areas outside of it . ), 
  and not every single person coming through wants to go to germany - but enough do that they are very noticeable . 
  i grew up in arizona . 
  so this is n't really anything that new to us in a way . 
  it has been very interesting to contrast my experience with the us reaction to a huge influx of undocumented people and the european response . 
  i 've enjoyed discussing it with hungarian friends though sometimes it is n't easy . 
  my neighbor 's favorite solution is that they are all put on a big ship to the us as he feels the american government is the one primarily responsible for the situation . 
  i do n't know that it 's that clear cut , but i do think there is some validity to the idea . 
  my wife went down with some friends today to hand out water and some other things . 
  she said it is scary and very , very sad . 
  yeah - and i grew up in a part of the us ( arizona ) where very few people lived until after wwii . 
  when we first moved to hungary and my kids were younger and my kids would see a statue and say , `` is that man still alive ? '', 
  and i would say , `` no honey , he lived before the us was even a country . '', 
  i ca n't get my head around how old things are in europe and how long people have been living here . 
  where i grew up anything built before the 1950 's was ` really old . ', 
  the starcraft 2 wcs finals are up in krakow , middle of next month . 
  i thought the whole thing was going to be in katowice but now that the last matches are in krakow i 'm really thinking about driving up there . 
  got ta convince my wife to let me go . 
  my wife visited for the first time this summer - she said she 's seen the numbers many times but seeing the size of the place really hit her hard . 
  it 's not too far a drive from hungary . 
  i 'm no historian , i do n't speak german and i 'm in general not that bright . 
  but after touring neuschwanstein and learning a little about the guy i was shocked he was n't bumped off sooner . 
  maybe not as much is a gross understatement . 
  and i never noticed the change in how i feel about it until i got away from it . 
  i did n't know i was thinking about it as much as i was until i did n't have to . 
  when i first got hear and heard fireworks , i thought `` gunfire '' .
