oh i think we both do quite well . 
  and ofcourse denmark going solo demands respect !, 
  or you can flip the coin . 
  in norway we presumably get the same quality as the germans - but we pay twice as much . 
  and \u00d6tkers pizza ristorante still taste like cardboard . 
  expensive cardboard . 
  yes but i would prefer summer time . 
  more people got up at 5 to milk the factories and start up the cows in earlier times . 
  not getting on a train to leave - if you try you get a replacement bus service . 
  and how is that different from [ blackfacing ? 
  ] ( https://blog.dosomething.org/why-blackface-isn-t-ok-on-halloween-or-ever-c4641cdcb2ca ), 
  of the map not the ops post . 
  i 'm from norway ( not rated on map ) but i 'm still able to hold a conversation in english in the eu . 
  so the conclusion must be if you can live comfortably in flip flops most of the time then life is good and sure you can belive in a loving god . 
  but if life is too cold for flip flops and you have to work hard to be able to build a house with ridiculously expensive insulation standards to keep alive then life is hard . 
  so to belive in a loving god - forget it !, 
  the map does not state what it 's displaying . 
  could just as easily have been percentage of year one can wear flip-flops comfortably . 
  most norwegians i know have to move to be able to study after high school . 
  so what are 25-29 year olds doing living at home ? 
  it will just be the naval version of cars and coffee . 
  what a stand up man !, 
  ... stand up comedian i mean ... what i do n't get is how the brits think he is a good foreign secretary ? 
  he might do a splendid job for all i know - but how can he be trusted ? 
  one must assume they used the same rules for all countries when measuring the countries on this list . 
  as a handicapped person i hate this . 
  the line for what is acceptable is moving . 
  and i fear that eventually people with handicaps or poor health will feel obligated to kill themselves as not to be a burden upon their families and society in general . 
  i belive if this is allowed they cross this last line . 
  she is a casual gamer . 
  earlier we have had glimpses of candy rush or whatsitsname . 
  very well . 
   why ? 
  the moon landing is definately the most wonderful achievement and very impressive in so many ways . 
  before rosetta i would totally agree with you about the moon landing . 
  and it still is number one in many ways including the effort made . 
  but i find rosetta even more impressive . 
  mainly because of the trajectory or route it travelled . 
  more complicated than hitting the moon surely . 
  and on a shoestring budget comparatively speaking . 
  i subscribed to their newsletter for a while . 
  but they only harp on about doom beeing imminent . 
  sure - when the next crash comes they will be right - but not because of their insights . 
  norway and uk are doing surprisingly well after all the layoffs in oil-based industries . 
  [ very impressive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b7u6stkgfs ) . 
  in my laymans opinion matching and perhaps surpassing the moon landing . 
  prosit !, 
  well i 'm obviously not working in finance . 
  thanks to all helping me understand . 
  easiest : put a couple of outboard motors on ireland and move further away . 
   norway hey !, 
  we are full members of the eu . 
  we only said no thanks to having a vote and yes please to various taxes . 
  joking aside - the word europe means different things depending on context . 
  when we ( or the brits ) talk about going on holiday in europe we mean any europeean country except our own . 
  just like england may be used for the whole british isles area . 
  sounds logical to me :  city will eventually be stripped of the ability to clear euro denominated swaps why would the eu countries do euro business in a country not using euros and not thinking the eu is good enough ? 
  they would be mad to keep it there !, 
  is n't that treason ? 
  i 'm no law expert but if nothing else morally much worse than anything ie . 
  keith vaz has done ? 
  and definately enough for a vote of confidence he beeing your foreign sec ? 
  so in the inner free market of eu we still get this ? 
  will do !, 
  true . 
  but you guys listened to them . 
  or got tricked by them . 
  or simply are them . 
  your brexit is a much stronger signal than not joining eu in the first place . 
  and so the chavvy scrote gangs got their views validated - that they 're indeed better than the foreigners . 
  they are the modern sopa opera - television made to sell ads about soap to bored housewives . 
  when tv got big we got regulations since they started to affect peoples lives . 
  and now that facebook is the new soap controlling the information we get they also become important enough to be regulated . 
  he made some really creepy comments early on which made me stay away from facebook . 
  but he has obviously learned to keep his mouth shot about us stupid fucks who trust him with keeping our secrets . 
  this is so sad !, 
  my favourite hoilday destination becoming the redneck capital of europe . 
  hey it probably counts the number of squares looking at the sign . 
  that 's why the farmers started with sheep and then relocating them each summer . 
  right in the middle of the wolves habitat . 
  obviously farmers brains take after the animals they get . 
  i am norwegian and i totally agree . 
  the main problem is that we have some areas where the wolves live . 
  and suddenly farmers started shipping their sheep there in the summer . 
  the wolves got happy and the farmers got frustrated that we would not kill the wolves . 
  but while everybody bbqed this summer someone must have made this plan because it 's crazy . 
  why do n't we cull the farmers instead ? 
  they can become teachers or nurses - we need both !, 
  or how about starting herding the sheep ? 
  this is sooo silly !, 
  some stubborn farmers ca n't do what they like ? 
  ok - let 's kill off the wolves !, 
  will do . 
  ok - it 's not my native language . 
  just assumed since donnerwetter means thunder & lightening . 
  thor create thunder . 
  donner means thunder . 
   and mostly it was your point about petitioning the us that i thought was daft , because it is a completely different situation . 
  please think whatever you like . 
  you probably live in a free country .
