  i just realized that the turk flair is the best a race baiting troll could use on / r/europe . 
  well played . 
  i hate when people do what you just did . 
  is this a place for debate or are we just supposed to agree and jerk each other ? 
  til i 'm not french . 
  it 's about leverage in international negociations . 
  look up the cross-strait service trade agreement between taiwan and china . 
  i could n't find this exact statistic , but i took the data from [ here ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/donn%c3%a9es_statistiques_sur_l'immigration_en_france#natalit.c3.a9_par_r.c3.a9gion_et_d.c3.a9partement_selon_le_lieu_de_naissance_des_parents ) and [ here ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a9condit%c3%a9_des_r%c3%a9gions_de_france ) then plotted the [ fertility in every region of france as a function of the % age of children who have at least one parent who was n't born in france ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x0zh6oc.png ) . 
  there 's no clear correlation one way or another so odds are he 's right . 
  i 'm sure someone else will find more detailed statistics though . 
   i do n't think that 's comparable . 
   i would absolutely not mind being french . 
  considering the whole mess started because of a new pro-eu government in the ukraine that wanted to cut ties with russia and get closer to the west , i think it 's 100 % comparable . 
  first and only time i will upvote this . 
  well , one way would be to let them all get into england ... 
  it 's exactly like kurwa . 
  except you guys say it even more often than us . 
  i do n't think conferences are usually held in camden , nj , you should be fine . 
  and maybe once you come back you 'll be less narrow-minded, 
  they suffered , so all future generations must suffer as well . 
  that 's justice . 
  i remember those getting a huge coverage when i lived in brazil . 
   i find the key to not being robbed or hassled anywhere is to perfect that rough look where you ca n't be sure if it 's a hipster or homeless person but people will figure it out once they talk to you . 
  or you can just mind your surroundings . 
  i lived 15 years in paris and i only got robbed once when i was 11 . 
  i guess it 's something similar to the [ pan american games ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_american_games ) . 
  without the entire world competing some smaller countries get to be in the spotlight for once . 
  i had no idea this was going on . 
  it 's crazy , there 's very little about it on [ lequipe.fr ] ( http://www.lequipe.fr/ ) , it 's been completely ignored by french media . 
  so to sum it up , you 're free to practice any religion you like as long as you do n't start out as muslim , in which case you ca n't leave your faith or else you get killed ? 
  it 's a peculiar brand of tolerance . 
  and that 's why some people view islam as a threat to their culture . 
  maybe if you 're lactose intolerant . 
   what actually happens is a move towards the middle , as opposed to towards the bottom if you 're at the top , going to the middle is a downgrade that you have no reason to sign up for . 
   why the downvotes ? 
  i actually give strong arguments because none of this is relevant to solving the current problem . 
  what 's your position in this discussion ? 
  that europe deserves it so let 's do nothing about it ? 
   every product that would come from the us would require it to be labelled properly and adhere to eu law . 
  is n't one of the points of ttip that they want to `` harmonize '' eu and us law in this area ? 
  it would n't be eu law anymore . 
  that 's what i went with . 
  you 'd be smug too if you lived in a country as beautiful and glorious as ours . 
  funniest thing i 've seen all week . 
  and what 's the truth exactly ? 
  we have lots of reasons to believe that europe would have been better off had napoleon succeeded . 
  i 'm not talking about french hegemony , but the spread of revolutionary ideas . 
  please , do n't be disrespectful . 
  we would also need a 3rd coin for brussels . 
  alright buddy i think that 's enough / r/europe for you today . 
   ( i 'm french ) this is why people use country flairs . 
  i think it boils down to the fact that nowadays the germans see the fall of the nazi regime as a good thing , while the french are more ambivalent towards napoleon . 
  something something germans have no humor . 
  i know , i 'm just explaining why these guys are doing what they do , just like you did with the refugees . 
  it 's not as simple as `` they hate brown people '' , even though some of them definitely do . 
  refugees have their economic motivations , which are at odds with those of citizens from european welfare states . 
  that 's why you see right-wing movements like these pop up . 
  he 's making fun of / r/swedenyes and similar boards . 
  they were n't crappy plastic toys . 
  they were my only friends . 
  either that or a fascist dictator . 
  that sweet sweet crusader trait . 
  property tax encourages people to do stuff with their property or sell it to people who will , it has a distinct positive effect on society . 
  jizya on the other hand encourages people to convert unless they want to be second class citizens . 
  comparing both is extremely silly . 
  i mean come on , the map is self-explanatory . 
  what about christine lagarde then ? 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody would object you guys joining the eu . 
  is n't pizza a vegetable ? 
  i eat those twice a week . 
  if french guyana is part of europe i do n't see why not . 
  the only reason they 're still a country is because napoleon protected them at the time , and that 's how they thank us ? 
   in the first alleged case , in march last year , the officer had bragged in a text message about beating , strangling and sticking his fingers up the nose of a 29-year-old afghan man whose feet were cuffed after he was detained for not carrying id papers . 
   `` it was funny ... squealed like a pig , '' the officer allegedly wrote on whatsapp . 
   [ ... ] ndr reported that the policeman bragged about how he assaulted and then humiliated the young man by forcing him to eat minced pork -- a meat forbidden to muslims -- which , additionally , was rotten , off the floor . 
  yea this has nothing to do with that experiment , it 's just plain racism and sadism . 
  also a hefty dose of stupidity . 
   cultural differences are just too big and will be , at least for as long as each of us is alive . 
  i do n't know about this one . 
  is the eu really more diverse than , say , india ? 
  they need integration in the area of gastronomy the most though . 
  an union is about compromise . 
  let 's say that the eu wants to pass 28 measures . 
  each measure has 27 countries in favor and one country opposing it . 
  the whole package would be beneficial for everyone , but since every country can veto nothing passes and everyone loses . 
  but what if the drone identifies as an attack helicopter ? 
   because he is an overrated hack that does n't understand comedy lol, 
   let 's say people like to watch a show where the comedian makes fun of discriminated people . 
  this already exists , but usually the comedian is from the same minority he 's making fun of , chris rock and dave chappelle are good examples of this . 
  when that 's not the case people get uncomfortable , the comedian bombs and decides to try something else . 
  the system regulates itself , i personally do n't think there should be any restriction . 
  when justice gets involved they usually end up giving more exposure to the very ideas they 're trying to suppress ( see dieudonn\u00e9 in france ) . 
   people have also the right to be upset of course , but it 's completely pointless . 
  you 're wasting energy being upset with something that 's not targeted towards you , while you could ignore it and look at the work of comedians who do n't do controversial instead . 
  as long as there are people who enjoy this kind of humor it 's not going away , and that 's a good thing . 
   so i can basically go on a funeral and make fun of the crying mother who lost her sun as long i have a reason why . 
  that 's ... not the same at all . 
  if you find louie 's material offensive you can decide not to watch it . 
  you 'd probably get killed by someone else in the organization . 
  how can you tell the difference between someone who has ptsd because his house has been bombed and his family massacred , and someone who has ptsd because he did the massacring himself ?
