  it 's not a law , it 's an `` arr\u00eat\u00e9 municipal '' , ie an unilateral decision by the mayor . 
  it can be contested but the process takes a while and i 'm not very familiar with it . 
  this bullshit is extremely embarrassing . 
  you can discuss seismic codes and wonder why more is n't done to limit the damage . 
  i 'd hate to be one of those police officers right now . 
  if you ca n't detect sarcasm this thick there is n't much that can be done for you . 
  germany was planning on colonizing poland 80 years ago . 
  that 's called track cycling . 
  madagascar is a chinese colony , they wo n't let us . 
  good point . 
  meh , cannes beaches suck anyway . 
  a friend took [ this picture ] ( http://imgur.com/qcrfxkv ) at a hotel in morocco earlier this year , they cite `` hygiene reasons '' . 
  not exactly sure what those are , but there you go . 
   that 's why attacking religions is really counterproductive because it does n't address the core issue . 
  indeed , let 's attack poor people instead !, 
  in the end it boils down to british sovereingty though , because there 's no reason to believe that british politicians are less likely to allow immigrants in the uk . 
  it was tony blair after all who decided not to exercise the uk 's right to maintain immigration control after the polish accession in 2003 , and the huge pakistani population in the uk sure as hell was n't imposed by the eu . 
  school-aged girls do n't wear burkas anyway . 
  oh absolutely , that 's what i 'm trying to say . 
  it 's a vote about values , there 's no objectively right or wrong . 
   but if they think that maybe they could end up 40 to a room in a disused school in bulgaria , fighting for a slice of bread , they wo n't see this european dream with the same eyes any more , and stay home . 
  this is extremely naive and will definitely prove to be ineffective . 
  the eu is wasting precious political capital on this very divisive and ultimately pointless redistribution nonsense instead of working towards more practical solutions such as refugee processing centers abroad and a strong european border agency . 
  it 's very disappointing . 
   not really . 
  as a matter of fact i have not even talked about my ideas on trade so you are just projecting . 
  you 're saying that having a trade deficit is losing money . 
  it 's the same rhetoric trump uses when he talks about mexico and funding his wall . 
   why do they lose money trading with germany ? 
  because his understanding of international trade is stuck in 17th century mercantilism . 
  there are huge fiscal transfers from london into scotland . 
  i was talking about brexit and its consequences to my uncle yesterday ( well educated conservative who voted leave ) . 
  at some point i tried to sum up his position as `` having the freedom to make your own mistakes '' and he agreed with it . 
  there was nowhere to go from there . 
  you wo n't convince the leave crowd with numbers , they value `` british sovereignty '' above all else . 
  nah i 'm pretty sure it was the roma people . 
   you can say that again . 
  our retards of extreme right parties would dial back the eu so much it would damage belgium on all levels . 
  belgium is tired of being ruled by brussels instead of brussels !, 
  this is why we fucked our colonies up and made sure they never became more relevant than us . 
  new tourists are n't taking any chances , hence the tanks . 
  it 's really great to see russia providing for the safety of their citizens abroad . 
  did a frenchman steal your girl or something ? 
  that 's a lot of unwarranted aggression . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  prior to the vote , farage said he would work towards another referendum if remain won by a small margin . 
  i 'm not getting into this argument again , just reminding you that until article 50 is actually invoked , people can still talk about it and try to sway their representatives . 
   then the french would in affect be supporting the spread of islam , which i find problematic to say the least . 
  it 's unfortunate , but if you ca n't suppress an ideology your best bet is attempting to control it . 
   but there was a popular referendum . 
   the eu 's efficient bureaucracy you might be the first and only brit to ever put these worlds together . 
  which is why there are no racial tensions at all in the us . 
   but we will make them love us ... by force !!, 
  did n't you guys try that a century ago ? 
  i think that 's a very british thing , actually . 
   hm ... why is sweden so small ? 
  looks to the left upper corner midgard ... wait what i was playing a norse custom nation starting in bornholm for the humble origins/ideas guy/for odin achievement . 
  do n't need a big army up there to win against russia , [ two galleys can do the trick ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8yhokyp.jpg ) . 
  supply limit is too low up there , they 'd get mad attrition . 
  are n't brothels legal in germany ? 
  maybe you guys should unite with moldova and call yourselves moldova instead . 
  that paris still exists . 
  you do n't see buses burning around the jardin du luxembourg , bastille or palais-royal . 
  or most places really . 
  what are you proposing ? 
  nobody really believes poland is a dictatorship . 
  hyperbole is how you draw attention to issues and prevent the hyperbole from becoming reality . 
  it 's not my fault that 's for sure . 
   what characterizes a `` right '' and a `` left '' economical standpoint then ? 
  the amount of state intervention in the economy . 
  funny how internet allows us to engage with people all around the world , yet some still prefer to build strawmen and argue with them instead . 
  [ you convinced me . 
   how the hell that happened ? 
  on moment you had erdogan panicking and seeking asylum all over europe afaik we have no concrete evidence of this , just some twitter rumormongering . 
  systematic dismantling of opposition media , strong suspicions of election rigging ... 
  yes , very democratic . 
  erdogan has co-opted turkey 's political institutions and is creating a new caliphate , the army is supposed to be the secular counter-power that prevents this exact scenario from happening . 
  try reading up on recent turkish history . 
  looks like the government should pull through . 
  tfw you come back from your week-end trip and the military is sitting at your desk, 
  i really would n't mind if we just went back to making fun of the brexit situation . 
  i 'm not saying we should take everyone in . 
  i 'm saying that shaming them for refusing to fight on the side of some brutal extremists against other groups of brutal extremists is ridiculous . 
  it 's just a way of justifying your anti-refugee stance and feeling better about yourself . 
  the reality is a lot harsher . 
  europe is at odds with the refugees , what we want and what they want are in contradiction , it 's not our fault nor theirs , and it sucks . 
  i live in paris and i do n't feel what you 're describing at all . 
  ok let 's imagine for a second that you 're a syrian male of fighting age . 
  what do you do ? 
  do you join assad ? 
  al-qaeda ? 
  isis ? 
  none of those causes are worth dying for . 
  if i were one of them i would get the fuck out as well . 
  reminder that brexit was orchestrated by the cartographer lobby . 
   implement new regulations when we fax them to you the eu is imposing fax on its members ? 
  i want out . 
  i just res tagged you so that in the future i wo n't waste my time reading your messages . 
  av has flaws but it 's definitely more representative of the voter 's views than fptp . 
  then perhaps they should 've voted for the av referendum .
