  taken as a whole we have more than enough weight to stand up to china in these matters . 
  i know this does n't add anything to the discussion either but i 'd like to state that i absolutely hate this type of comment . 
  that the fall of constantinople itself did n't matter all that much in the grand scheme of things . 
  i do n't know , temperature varies continuously so there should n't be any ambiguity . 
  i 'd like to see a map with this color scheme where both extremes are represented . 
  france has a great relationship with former african colonies not named algeria . 
  so it ca n't be the usual capital city thing . 
  french people outside of paris might hate it because of how centralized the country 's politics and economics are around the capital , same goes for the british and london . 
  the germans must have other reasons to hate berlin since it does n't apply to their country at all . 
  put boeuf bourguignon inside a cr\u00eape , done . 
  so much money about to come out of nowhere . 
  you would have had something a lot better if obama had a majority in congress . 
  it 's the american people who did n't want it . 
  and it 's the american people who voted to tear down the little he managed to accomplish anyway . 
  where do you live ? 
  i do n't even know if these are trolls anymore . 
   why focus on one and not the other ? 
  he 's jewish , that 's why . 
  the headline . 
  you ca n't defend the travelling circus that is the parliament in its current form . 
  keep it in one place and get another institution for strasbourg . 
  men from the house of bourbon are still not allowed to serve in the french army . 
  just in case . 
   you will never meet a single person who believes in climate change who does n't want to act on it . 
  oh there are plenty of people like that . 
  it can be people that wo n't live long enough to feel the really bad effects , it can be people who think one person 's effort does n't matter so they might as well keep polluting , it can be people rich enough that they will be insulated from it , it could even be people that want to ditch earth and go live on alpha centauri . 
  these are construction workers he 's talking about . 
  they live in france in all but name but are employed in poland . 
  you think it 's ok for workers in france to not be paid french minimum wage ? 
  i think it works better in french cause i immediately understood the analogy . 
  i do n't think you know what progressive and conservative mean . 
  i am now convinced you are a troll . 
  great example of racism of low expectations right here . 
  chapter 2 articles 78 to 80 . 
  best of luck to both of you then . 
  you 're an eu citizen , you do n't need a visa . 
  just come whenever you feel like it . 
  also no matter where you go in france the food is a step up from danish cuisine . 
  sure but straight up dismissing the concerns of people who already feel disenfranchised is not how you earn their support . 
  this attitude is hurting the union , and i say that as a federalist . 
  the lisbon treaty changed a bunch of policy areas from absolute majority to qualified majority . 
  countries used to have a veto on pretty much anything but not anymore . 
  u/smarteaglw is being a bit dramatic but he 's not completely wrong . 
  when it comes to big countries not respecting treaties and not getting sanctioned , france is probably the biggest offender . 
  we 've been constantly over the deficit limit of the stability pact and nothing is ever enacted against us . 
  i do n't know enough about the law on what requires a referendum in france but the treaty includes [ some pretty huge changes to national sovereignty ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#policy_areas ) including the legal basis for enforcing the refugee quota which is currently tearing the eu apart . 
  i do n't see why the people should n't get to vote on this . 
  ireland had a referendum . 
  it might not be the same but it 's similar in scope and shares a bunch of important concepts such as moving policy areas from absolute to qualified majority . 
  you can criticize the fact that the people were n't consulted for the treaty of lisbon after they said no to the european constitution without being a raging asshat . 
  we might never know . 
   first , there are no quotas here , women being voted in is exactly what happened . 
  there are quotas for candidates within a party . 
  so how many parents go to jail for this ? 
  thank you . 
   enforcing this is a central part of the eu , since when ? 
  well macron did promise to add a `` dose of proportionality '' to these elections but now that he got such a massive majority i would n't hold my breath . 
  one reason i hear a lot is the extremely long presidential campaign , people are tired of politics . 
  pretty much , except you can have three candidates advance to the second round if at least 12.5 % of the people eligible to vote voted for all three , which wo n't happen much this year due to historically low turnout . 
  every district elects a mp through a two-round system . 
  as a result , the distribution of seats at the parliament can be very different from the actual voting distribution , usually in favor of the largest parties . 
  i do n't think it 's popular , it 's probably more accurate to say that it 's extremely polarizing . 
  half of the population would flip if he removed it and another terrorist attack happened shortly after , while the other half cares a lot about the loss of civil rights that comes with it . 
  you do n't need momentum to do something `` good '' . 
  politicians use political capital to pass unpopular measures . 
  in our current political landscape maybe . 
  it could change if enough people wanted to . 
  when is this guy getting the boot ? 
  you can simultaneously be in favor of locks on your door and policies to reduce crime in your neighborhood . 
  i do n't understand why you 'd think a strong external border is mutually exclusive with working towards better living conditions in countries where immigrants come from . 
  why do we have so many deaths by coal in france ? 
  is german coal killing us ? 
  do you think hungarian benefits are enough to deter people to move somewhere else ? 
  african leaders will accept anything if you give them enough money . 
  the refugee quota is the dumbest waste of political capital i 've ever seen . 
  it doesnt work . 
  we have open borders inside europe . 
  if people want to go to germany they 'll go to germany regardless of the european country they 've been relocated to . 
  * because * they 're endorsed by en marche . 
  what i 'm saying is that it 's a very lopsided alliance . 
  modem barely qualifies as a party nowadays . 
  that 's * three times pulitzer winner * thomas friedman for you . 
  it 's really easy to find belgian beer though . 
  no , they say `` ze '' . 
  it is a french word after all . 
  when will the uk be allowed to apply for us statehood ? 
  macron 's inability to pronounce `` engineers '' continues to amuse me . 
  otherwise 10/10 . 
  you can buy them in most places , i had one a couple hours ago . 
  also candy . 
  just graham norton really . 
  calm down buddy, 
   the answer : integrate them some more !, 
  i know you 're being sarcastic but that 's exactly right . 
  the current middle ground is unsustainable . 
  compromise or death, 
  her father finances her campaign ... 
  they pretended to kick him out of the party in order to get a broader appeal but he 's still involved . 
   all of them probably have jobs , families , school - do things with friends oh i really would n't say `` all of them '' . 
  far from it .
