  if even varoufakis ca n't pull this off then you can be sure no one can . 
  somalia should do something about those german terrorists entering their borders . 
  sure , but if you 're immersed in a foreign language and take some classes you usually learn pretty fast . 
  it 's not very fun for the first 6 months or so but then things get a lot better if you put some effort in it . 
  there are tons of foreign phd students in my lab . 
  we start out with english but most of the time their french is good enough to communicate with ease within their first year . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  sure people do n't have the same proficiency as in the us but the educated european youth in general knows enough english to work abroad . 
  but they are n't right now anyway , they 're all unemployed . 
   still no reason to vprotest violently . 
  if that 's the only way to solve systematic injustice and if the people support it , maybe it is . 
  and where are the reasonable people ? 
  it is , but it 's still pretty tough . 
  i have tons of friends who went to switzerland right after graduating . 
  that settles it then , the rosbifs are stuck with us . 
   believing in a special fairy godmother in itself is harmless . 
  sure but when you believe that the word of the special fairy godmother is above the law of the land then you have a problem . 
  imo , if there 's one industry we should keep on life support it 's definitely agriculture . 
  the amount of food on our plates should be independent of the current geopolitical situation . 
  so we should tax food transportation in order to encourage local production . 
  but then we get truck drivers blocking the highways . 
  there 's no way to win , really . 
   race means being part of a group of people who are identified by their race nice circular definition . 
  see ? 
  unified germany is always mean for no reason , thanks for proving my point . 
  east germany did n't have much of a choice ... 
  you need to understand that up until that point every time germany was united , something terrible followed shortly . 
  line tool = nazi, 
  yea i 'm pretty sure that 's a german fridge . 
  italy ? 
  i 'm so glad that my apartment building has a parking garage . 
  so when people say `` western europe '' you can only be sure they 're referring to france and belgium . 
  the other half knows about ragusa because they also played europa universalis . 
  because on top of all the museums , [ paris is also really pretty ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tisjnv3.jpg ) . 
  our taxis block the roads for us anyway , we wo n't see the difference . 
  it 's an austrian unique building !, 
  what was he thinking ? 
  can we unmod this guy already ? 
   it 's not current religion , or many places would say `` none '' i think it 's `` most common current religion '' . 
  in the state of s\u00e3o paulo ( brazil ) you can get tax deductions with receipts of stuff you bought , up to 20 % of the tax collected from the store for that purchase . 
  i think there 's a lottery involved as well . 
  those initiatives are a really smart way of fighting tax evasion . 
  here we have a rare specimen : a german with a good sense of humour . 
  have you seen varoufakis ? 
  he does n't need a helmet . 
  if his skull hits the pavement , the pavement cracks open . 
  once golden dawn restaures [ greece 's rightful borders ] ( http://i.imgur.com/stubmlt.png ) , most tourists in turkey will become tourists in greece . 
  that should solve the problem . 
  he 's just saying that balance of trade by itself is n't a good indicator of the wealth produced by a country . 
  he 's right . 
  because it 's so hot that you ca n't get anything done ? 
   well most that oppose `` mass '' immigration ( interesting choice of words there ) are xenophobes . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  you think that 's the case because everyone who talks about it is labeled a xenophobe . 
  xenophobes are less likely to give a shit about being labeled so they 're more vocal on the issue . 
  also , why is the choice of word interesting ? 
  the thread is about `` bearing the brunt of the refugee crisis '' . 
   all syrian refugees together ( 4 million ) would barely be 0.1 % of europe 's total population . 
  til europe has 4 billion people . 
   your argument is odd btw . 
  do you think that students who struggle to find a job should also be `` limited '' ? 
  or older people in the jobmarket ? 
  these are n't really the same as immigrant integration though . 
  we never decided that we should increase the amount of unemployed youth and seniors , whereas opening your borders to unqualified workers is a conscious decision . 
  it creates a problem you did n't have . 
   there 's 10 % less because they 're lazy and do n't want to work and just want to profit of the wellfare system ? 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  if they are n't qualified and struggle to enter the job market we should limit the amount of people we bring in . 
  stop assuming that everyone who opposes mass immigration is a xenophobe . 
  the fact that you can explain it does n't mean it 's a good thing . 
  then you 're free to post different content . 
  world war 2 : episode two, 
  * [ xkcd pertinent : flux de travail ] ( https://xkcd.com/1172/ ) *, 
  i 'm glad that of all people it 's dclauzel who writes in both languages . 
  his english can be really hard to understand . 
  i 'm not defending him , and honestly his bilingual messages tend to make me cringe . 
  i 'm just pointing out that there 's no malice intended . 
   but no , muh french nationalism !, 
  it 's not about french nationalism , dclauzel 's english is just pretty bad for mod standards . 
  it 's really obvious when you understand french that he often uses false friends and bad literal translation . 
  it 's a bit embarrassing but those are just honest mistakes . 
  by limiting the amount of licences , the state created a shitty system that encourages the behavior you 're describing . 
  blame the game , not the players . 
  taxis are economically encouraged to speculate on their licences , and uber drivers are working outside the law . 
  legislation must be changed and enforced . 
  however if the players are beating their clients up you should blame them anyway . 
  you mean apart from [ all the economic and diplomatic sanctions ] ( http://europa.eu/newsroom/highlights/special-coverage/eu_sanctions/index_en.htm ) ? 
  i bet things would have been different if russia was attacking an eu country . 
  i told you , i do n't care if someone is paid to post on reddit as long as he brings sourced arguments , it literally does n't matter . 
  if there were dozens of shills brigading and down voting everything it would be an issue , but here i see nothing of the sort . 
  everyone is biased in one way or another . 
  if you disagree , attack the argument , not the speaker . 
   because governments are employing people to actively manipulate public opinion and i think that 's one of the most insidious and undemocratic things they can do . 
  silencing discussion by calling people names if they disagree with you is the most insidous and undemocratic thing you can do . 
   why is some random person so vehemently defending a trade deal they have nothing to do with ? 
  how do you know he has nothing to do with it ? 
  maybe he believes ttip would have a positive impact overall . 
  we do n't know everything about it yet so that question is still up to debate . 
  and the only way of figuring it out is by listening to everyone instead of calling people shills for no reason other than them disagreeing with you . 
  who cares if he 's a shill as long as he brings sourced arguments ?
