likely a semitic loan something something jewish money-lenders . 
  it disregards national sovereignty . 
  these decisions should require unanimity . 
  indeed , forcing crucial issues through majority vote is a precedent we really do n't want to set . 
  like the us ? 
  they want women to feel safer in europe than they currently feel in afghanistan or syria , how is that hypocritical ? 
  accepting hundreds of thousands of refugees wo n't do much for the situation in there , it wo n't fix their culture . 
  it might however screw things up in here . 
  i do n't disagree with this point , but it 's not the one you were making previously . 
  what are you trying to argue ? 
  should we accept criminals on the grounds that if we do n't they will keep committing crimes in their country of origin ? 
  has europe become worlds 's prison/rehabilitation center ? 
  i thought that was supposed to be australia . 
  i know for a fact that there 's a sex-segregated refugee camp in paris and everyone understands . 
  we just witnessed something very special . 
  i 'm french and even i think this joke is getting old . 
  i bet you 're one of those savages who say chocolatine . 
  more like 2 , actually . 
  you have it backwards . 
  sure but they need to go back to petting and fucking after wedding , which makes the trip way longer . 
  it 's not a joke . 
  i read steinbeck in school when i was 12 . 
  maybe you got unlucky with your teachers ? 
  there are n't many threads in here where i can insult the english these days , so i 'm spending more time in other european subs such as / r/paradoxplaza and the one with country balls which can not be named . 
  that 's like calling indiana jones an idiot . 
  then go make / r/europefunfacts, 
  the stormfront thread mentioned in your link is from january 2014 and if you read the end they basically gave up because we `` are too brainwashed '' . 
  it 's being downvoted because it 's not relevant . 
  no , the guys at the intersection would call it beervo or something . 
  you guys can come too . 
  that 's completely irrelevant to the current situation though . 
  western europeans are n't tribal hunter-gatherers anymore . 
  i actually think he 's a british agent whose purpose is to bring shame to the honest and humble french people . 
  except you 're actually on reddit . 
  / r/shitamericanssay would have a field day . 
  there are more than 10 fencing events at the summer olympics , plenty of medals to win there too . 
  if they did n't convert to islam . 
  last time we had to deal with north-african based bandits [ we ended up colonizing the whole thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbary_pirates#18th.e2.80.9319th_centuries ) . 
   deport any foreign resident who has proved that his basic mindset is blatantly incompatible with the general values of the society he is currently living in . 
  how do you even legislate something like this ? 
   try to kick them out ( far-right ) by trying to enact anti-muslims policies [ edit : to be fair , like 90 % of militants want them out , while the leaders are 50/50 . 
  but all want to enact `` secular '' laws that would only apply against muslims ) what are you referring to exactly ? 
  most militant subreddits are echo chambers that slowly drift to the extremes , that 's just the nature of community building and the upvote system . 
   well , it their problem you know . 
  if they do n't want , they are free to live , if they are making problems , they should not be surprised they are getting hated , or that the country itself decide to war them , as they risk the stability and safety of the other residents who want to live in peace . 
  none if this would have happened if israel did n't exist in the first place . 
  i believe that the creation of israel was a huge mistake , but you ca n't go back in time and three generations of israeli jews were born since then and as you say it would be ridiculous to ask them to go back to where their ancestors came from . 
  it 's a messy situation . 
  but what if the older residents of the land do n't feel like living in a `` jewish state '' ? 
  you kind of have to displace them . 
  at least 75 % of tweets about the controversy were from outside of france ( mostly israel , palestine , morocco , algeria ) , and a similar proportion was posted by low activity accounts ( presumably created in order to make it a bigger deal than it actually was ) . 
  in short , people in france did n't really care about it and the social media controversy was mostly artificial . 
  that 's just how women are treated on the internet in general though . 
  yo momma so fat even kebab wo n't harass her . 
  [ there are more than 130 000 registered syrian refugees in egypt ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/country.php?id=8 ) , what are you talking about ? 
  [ more than one million in lebanon ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/country.php?id=122 ) , which is a tiny country , [ and almost two million in turkey ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/country.php?id=224 ) . 
  those who reach europe are a tiny minority . 
  i think people turn to nazi ideology for the same reason some people turn to religious extremism , to feel like their actions are meaningful and that they belong to something greater . 
  the easiest way to accomplish this is engaging yourself in an us vs them struggle , humans are hard-wired for that . 
  these are n't frustrated , concerned citizens looking for ways to express their political opinion . 
  they 're drunken criminals trying to justify their violence with racist ideology . 
  read the article , and if you still ca n't tell the difference i do n't know what to tell you . 
  is this a joke or something what the fuck, 
  sure . 
  tbh the video is in spanish and the title/description omits the context ( ie a senegalese was killed during a previous police raid , i could n't figure out the exact circumstances ) . 
  most articles speak for themselves , but in the case of youtube videos , if you want your submission to allow for meaningful discussion maybe you should present it better . 
  there 's one upside though . 
  his english is n't very good , and sometimes you actually need to read the french version to understand what he 's trying to say . 
  i did n't realize that voting on / r/europe was limited to / r/european subscribers . 
  most little girls want to be princesses , what do actual princesses want to be ? 
  also i somehow doubt that people throwing rocks at buses full of people are the cool-headed , rational types who just want to have a civil , fact-based conversation about immigration policies and its consequences on the economic and cultural makeup of their country . 
  the 80s were a decade of musical mistakes . 
  whatever , all those knight units were getting obsolete anyways and their upkeep was too expensive , we had to get rid of them somehow . 
  people are getting way too serious on this sub . 
   circlejerky issues the word you 're looking for is ` populist ' . 
  are you guys off to the east indies again ? 
  their incompetence at war absolved them . 
  i know , and that 's a problem . 
  why do n't we ask both questions ? 
  this guy was a criminal before he entered the train , i somehow doubt he had a permit for his weapons . 
  sure but there 's very clearly a pre and post 9/11 . 
  it worked as a huge wake up call . 
  i thought that europe 's wake up call had already happened . 
  attacks such as this one , committed by extremists with this exact profile are pretty much expected to happen on a regular basis at this point . 
  yesterday 's attack was n't exactly the first one though . 
  bombing libya was a huge mistake . 
  germans are pretty much the only ones who did it right . 
  surely you mean a * pain au chocolat * . 
  * what can change the nature of a man ? 
  you think that volley-ball players or javelin throwers earn more than prostitutes on average ? 
  you could say the same about professional athletes . 
  even brazilians have a hard time with certain accents from portugal and yet you expect the spanish to understand you ? 
  greece takes part-time job as wiki bot replacement in order to pay debt . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ thank ^ you ^ though, 
  i do n't know about rap [ but he definitely could sing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvkrbi2ovdy ) . 
  not gon na lie i would n't mind trying this out . 
  damned if you bomb it , damned if you do n't . 
  i heard john wick takes on an entire civil engineering firm by himself in the sequel . 
   that would paint a target on our backs for every west hating person in the middle east do n't forget every west hating person in the west , they 're way more dangerous . 
  thread delisted , link posted on the * m\u00e9gathread * .
