  actually i 'd appreciate if anyone could tell me what exactly makes macron `` left '' at all . 
  all of which is completely irrelevant . 
  if the us did n't have a delegate system , campaigns would be run differently and the resulting vote would be different . 
  le pen is a known quantity , she ( and earlier her father ) has been running for president for decades . 
  support for her party has been growing slowly but it 's easily quantifiable and nowhere near enough for her to win on a national level . 
  trump has always been a huge question mark . 
  if you want someone who will threaten to leave the eu , that 's le pen . 
   i do n't think french voters are ready for a female president s\u00e9gol\u00e8ne royal got 47 % of the vote in 2007 , i really do n't see why you would think that . 
  tour montparnasse photobomb, 
  no need , the uk will become the 51st state soon enough . 
   strong smell of cheese . 
  you 're going to have to be more specific . 
  he 's seen as a self-aggrandizing , dishonest and vulgar politician with no convictions whatsoever . 
  he has a small base of die-hard fans but the rest of the country hates him as a person . 
  m\u00e9lenchon vs le pen is the only way i can see le pen winning the whole thing . 
  what is pretty widespread ? 
  sharia police ? 
  if every time you come to this sub and read the headlines you see something about the sharia police in germany you will think this phenomenon is pretty widespread , and not just a one time thing that happened two years ago . 
  it overinflates the importance of this issue to the point where the unsuspecting american redditor believes europe is a caliphate by now . 
  no that 's not what i 'm saying at all . 
  i just feel like we could benefit from educating people in the west about this phenomenon and its consequences , maybe then people would stop thinking that immigration only benefits the east . 
  we could also put programs in place where we help fund public education in countries with a lot of educated emigrants . 
  good point , i would like to see the figures for young college grads . 
  older people who depend on the educated young to pay for their pensions definitely should care . 
  natives from western nations in general just tend to ignore that brain drain is a thing , it 's a bit disgraceful . 
   butthurt ???? 
  when you 're translating words that have synonyms you need to chose carefully which one you use so as to accurately express the correct connotations and context . 
  `` great country '' , particularly after this trump election that hammered us with maga this and maga that , has very positive/approving undertones that are n't really implied in the french poll you 're quoting . 
  i feel like it 's an important distinction to make when talking about french opinion on russia . 
  the deal was finalized a long time before the ukrainian crisis , and scrapping it cost us a lot of money . 
  i would n't translate `` grand pays '' as `` great country '' but rather `` big country '' in this context . 
  it 's not about how good russia is but how important they could be as economic partners . 
   europe can deal with more refugees if it has too no we ca n't . 
  letting in all the refugees who are currently in turkey with so many important elections about to happen would be political suicide on a continental scale . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_trade_organization#principles_of_the_trading_system  ** non-discrimination . 
  ** it has two major components : the most favoured nation ( mfn ) rule , and the national treatment policy . 
  both are embedded in the main wto rules on goods , services , and intellectual property , but their precise scope and nature differ across these areas . 
  the mfn rule requires that a wto member must apply the same conditions on all trade with other wto members , i.e. 
  a wto member has to grant the most favourable conditions under which it allows trade in a certain product type to all other wto members . 
  [ 46 ] `` grant someone a special favour and you have to do the same for all other wto members . 
  '' [ 30 ] national treatment means that imported goods should be treated no less favourably than domestically produced goods ( at least after the foreign goods have entered the market ) and was introduced to tackle non-tariff barriers to trade ( e.g. 
  technical standards , security standards et al. 
  discriminating against imported goods ) . 
  singapour 5th ? 
  i always hear about how boring life is in there . 
  oh we agree . 
  the / s tag is literally the worst thing that happened in recent history . 
  does anyone know how to get the detail of the vote ? 
  that 's exactly what an eu propagandist would say !, 
  too pixelated . 
  alde is led by guy verhofstadt and he 's openly federalist . 
  you just made my day . 
  i do n't know , i feel like west germany started as a nato client state , they do n't get permanent claims on anything . 
  once you core it ( which they did in 1871 ) the permanent claim disappears . 
  france took the land back in 1918 then culture-converted it to french , so the core disappeared after 50 years with no wars between france and germany ( ie in 1995 ) . 
  no they had cores on alsace-lorraine but those disappeared after we culture-converted the region . 
  `` the establishment '' is n't planning anything . 
  people just got off their asses to vote against someone they despise . 
  there 's no way you can compare this to the level of collusion and manipulation that happened in the democratic primary . 
  probably should n't have deleted your post though , this subthread had information that other people might have found interesting . 
  no it really does n't work . 
  le pen 's platform has always been about french sovereignty , reclaiming/upholding our political , economic , military and cultural independence , ** to which the us are ( according to them ) the biggest threat ** . 
  american foreign intervention in our election goes , on paper , against everything they stand for . 
  if you really believe the trump camp is better than the dnc ( which you probably do according to your post history ) you should n't applaud when they do the same thing . 
  quit the partisan bullshit and learn to call people out regardless of political affiliation . 
  if we want actual change we need to leave political tribalism behind . 
  le pen wants to leave nato and work on closer ties with russia . 
  truth is they simply do n't care about foreign influence in france as long as it benefits them . 
  how has the public debate on this been in italy lately ? 
  are people talking about ideas or is it the usual misinformation and fearmongering shitshow ? 
  all this partisan bullshit aside , every day it gets harder to get reliable news in an increasingly balkanized media landscape . 
  [ finland is n't real ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/finlandconspiracy/comments/2y0oog/the_finland_conspiracy_and_all_you_need_to_know/ ) . 
  give it another decade or two and the pressure from the cartography enthusiasts lobby will be so strong that they 'll force their governments to join the eu . 
  all part of the plan . 
  trade is not a zero sum game , but a trade agreement can definitely be more favorable to one of the parties . 
  interesting that you left out his argument and decided that his disapproval of referendums was due to some ` panic among the elites ' . 
   he argued : `` everyone knows that in a referendum on europe , there is no symmetry . 
  the supporters of the ` no ' side seize every opportunity to whip up emotions and stoke fears , while the ` yes ' side is condemned to trying to explain a somewhat boring , very complex rationality . '' do you disagree with this ? 
  you did n't explain . 
  you stated as a fact that these minorities want more representation without asking yourself why . 
  could it be because of people like you who do n't consider them `` actual british people '' ? 
  in that situation i 'd also want people who do n't consider me a foreigner representing me . 
  his parliamentary majority is a permanent clown show . 
  we do not want this race to the bottom . 
   actual british people, 
  not just german and american , all former colonial empires as well . 
  they do n't want brussels to dictate their laws, 
  do you count the 93 as `` the capital '' ? 
  so * that 's * why the map looked so weird, 
  maybe we should just deport all young men , just to be safe . 
  it 's clearly a troublesome demographic . 
  you do n't know me, 
  it 's usually followed by some sentiment similar to `` you owe us for it '' . 
  americans tend to bring this argument up any time france does anything to highlight their independence with regards to the united states . 
  his point still stands . 
  this is what victim-blaming looks like, 
   and is working to promote free trade via the silk road initiative no , they 're working to promote chinese exports , their trade policy is very asymmetrical . 
  it 's extremely hard for foreign companies to reach the chinese markets . 
   witty humor alright m8 this is the most overdone type of `` humor '' on reddit, 
  i thought this stuff was negotiated at the european level ?
