  in two or three generations people will look back on how many resources we knowingly wasted so that everyone could have his own mobile privacy bubble and think we were all crazy shortsighted idiots . 
  i feel like every troll on / r/europe has either a turkish or serbian flair . 
  in most countries , if you have citizenship you can vote even if you 're living abroad . 
  sure but you guys are crazy , things are much different in europe . 
  now * that * sounds like an interesting playthrough . 
  brb reinstalling ck2 . 
   but you guys are lucky that christianity has largely seperated from government it 's not luck , it was a long and painful process . 
  whole grain pasta , disgusting . 
  you would have a point if putin was n't so popular in russia . 
  you should ask the tibetans what they think about that . 
  the only reason you do n't hear about chinese interventionism is because they ca n't really afford to project power outside of their immediate surroundings . 
  the day they 're able to contest american military supremacy things will be very different . 
  they do n't get nearly enough shit for this , it 's outrageous . 
  sarkozy is currently running for president again and i 've yet to hear someone attack him on his handling of the libyan civil war . 
  spend some time on r/askreddit , it 's an amazing sub until you realize that the questions and answers are pretty much always the same . 
  so how much swedish do i need to know to live in stockholm ? 
  the blandest timeline . 
  i was worried politics could go back to being boring after next week 's us election . 
  i 'll just switch to the british version of the show . 
  i should buy this book . 
  i mean , there 's die antwoord on the front page right now . 
  i do n't see a `` no politics '' rule on r/music , maybe try that . 
  i dream of a world where the / s tag is unnecessary . 
   i do n't understand the obsession the left has with opening the borders to all kinds of inmigration . 
  immigrants vote left on economic issues . 
  it does n't make sense ideologically but as a long term party strategy it 's very logical . 
  the map is just acknowledging erdogan 's recent territorial claims . 
  what a great day , we all learned something new . 
  not reading the subtitles is actually a conscious effort for me , it 's pretty annoying so whenever i can disable them i 'll do it unless it 's an accent i have trouble with . 
  good point , although france does n't have coalition governments and it does n't feel like the `` electoral season '' lasts as long as in the us . 
   and the us has the bad luck that their election cycles take so long it 's not bad luck , it 's a consequence of politics turning into entertainment television . 
  and ruin all the fun ? 
  i do n't want french public debate to turn into the identity politics bullshit you guys have in the us . 
  ethnic polls would be a step in that direction . 
  i feel like he 's trying very hard to emulate trump 's success . 
  you hit the nail in the head . 
  in this aspect and many others , the eu is stuck in a shitty middle ground . 
  single currency without fiscal transfers , open internal borders without efficient external border control ... 
   paris is n't even allowing such huge buildings in most part of the city . 
  this restriction does n't apply to the business district ( la d\u00e9fense ) . 
  let 's dispell once and for all this fiction that the magazines do n't know what they 're doing . 
  maybe you guys should have an `` english as foreign language '' class in school . 
  why are you guys a country anyway, 
  if you guys think / u/splergel is joking you have n't visited enough places in the uk . 
  joke 's on them , i only read the reddit comments . 
  * i can neither confirm nor deny . 
  i do n't think there 's a single person in france who believes french should become * the * official language of the eu . 
  well maybe there 's like one dude but it 's not a widespread sentiment at all . 
  he 's actually pro-eu so it makes sense . 
   we 'll see later what exactly hollande has in mind . 
  his reelection is probably the only thing on his mind right now . 
  but i thought sweden was homosex, 
  i 'm 61 % sure the second one is a joke . 
  the assumption under bmi is that the weight of a healthy individual scales quadratically with his height , while the real relationship is somewhere between quadratic and cubic . 
  for most people the effects are negligible but the further you get from the height mean , the worse bmi is as a metric . 
  tall people are leaner than what their bmi might suggest , and it goes the other way around for short people . 
  icelanders are on average ~ 7cm taller than italians so using bmi to compare these two populations will probably make icelanders look fatter than they actually are . 
  macron has n't been a member of the party since 2009 . 
  bmi does n't really work when applied to strongman competitors , or tall people for that matter . 
  who are you referring to ? 
  i 'm not familiar with dutch politics . 
  it is , but the full quote is n't nearly as good of a soundbite . 
  [ gove ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gggigtjk7ma&amp;t=62s ), 
  the fact that you 're derailing the conversation and asking for ` counter-arguments ' for such a silly matter is reason enough for downvotes . 
  he 's a member of the eu parliament , which according to his own campaign has basically overtaken westminster when it comes to british affairs , so that has to count for something . 
  you can say a lot of things about farage but i doubt his suit is cheap . 
  i think that 's only in east germany, 
  i do n't know , i do n't see any reference to prostitutes . 
  saudi princess ordered paris interior decorator to ` kiss her feet ' and guard to ` kill ' him , say reports, 
  yea well maybe switzerland should try being less attractive to immigrants . 
  i do n't know about stability . 
  there 's a consitutional referendum about to happen and if it fails renzi will probably resign . 
  this is exactly the sentiment that allowed him to gain political points by forming an intervention without even a hint of a long term plan . 
  it was invaded because he wanted to look tough and score points for the 2012 election . 
  chirac at least kept us out of the iraq war . 
  compare that to sarkozy 's incredible lack of foresight during the libyan civil war . 
  most people who are against brexit right now were against brexit way before the vote , i do n't think you can call it a bandwagon . 
  i went looking for examples and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r7t8qvx.png ) happened . 
  the last one is particularly befuddling . 
  yea the only solution is a partition between france and germany . 
  real talk tho what are we waiting to partition luxembourg between france and germany ? 
  i have n't watched this show in a long time but from what i remember in this segment the lady is supposed to poke fun at the guest in a way that makes reference to their work , which is exactly what happened here . 
  looks like jonah hill is uncomfortable with being treated as the character he created . 
  it was n't funny , but i do n't think it was bad taste and if you look at it in context it 's a non-issue . 
  jonah hill 's career is built on him making fun of how unsexy he is . 
  that 's literally his thing . 
  he 's the funny fat perv who struggles to get laid . 
  something similar to this interview could 've been a scene in pretty much any of his movies . 
   they even keep trying , we do n't oh we 're not trying , we succeeded already . 
  no , and he 's not part of the government anymore . 
  now this is a statistic i really do n't know what to do with . 
  the fuck are you talking about, 
  talking from experience . 
  this article is from september 2015 . 
  what 's up with western armies and the b\u00e9ret ? 
  france has even higher atheist/irreligious figures yet we still deal with some very nasty islamic extremism . 
  these statistics are irrelevant to the problem at hand . 
  did you watch the end of the video ? 
  he 'll do literally anything to be on the news . 
   i do n't know how your supreme court let that crap pass , but it should n't have .
