  [ cake , from walthamstow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mvzytx5zg ), 
  most fn supporters would love a strong authoritarian , putin is their perfect candidate . 
  in their eyes russian backing is n't a flaw , quite the contrary . 
  i feel like terrorists are actually failing spectacularly . 
  no matter how clearly and strongly they state their goals and ideologies people still find ways to belittle them by rationalizing their acts in other ways . 
  that 's the theory . 
  lots of things happen in theory . 
  in theory france should 've been sanctioned by the eu because of excessive deficit . 
  but when applying the theory becomes politically undesirable suddenly the theory changes . 
  there 's no precedent for art. 50 , we have absolutely no idea what is going to happen . 
   he gets paid to do what he is elected to do . 
  you can not really knock him for it . 
  if his platform really is `` do nothing then complain that nothing gets done '' then we can and we should knock him for it . 
  they do n't * have * to be impartial , you 're right . 
  however , the two party system is so ingrained in american politics that those parties are basically institutions , it 's pretty much impossible to win at the national level without the endorsement of one of them . 
  given the situation , it 's a reasonable expectation that the parties should act as democratically as possible , and when that 's not the case they should suffer backlash because they 're de facto abusing their monopoly situation to suppress a popular movement . 
  this sub is still overwhelmingly pro-eu , it ca n't be `` nationalist '' . 
  no he straight up removed it from the map . 
  10/10 twist, 
  aw come on he did alright . 
  the iranians i know who came to europe to study ( women in particular ) tend to say `` iran is a shithole , i do n't want to go back '' . 
  so there 's that . 
   china is probably more hated than iran . 
  i really do n't think so . 
  great place to spend your summer though , let 's leave it that way . 
  it 's `` top ranked '' , not necessarily `` most popular '' . 
  well , the incident this article is about happened in 1983 . 
  and of course i 'm not saying it 's a perfect representation of the situation , i just brought it up to illustrate how there could have been opposition between the dod and the pm . 
   it 's akin to judging japan by godzilla films . 
  is it really ? 
  the show is pretty grounded in reality and all characters have believable motivations . 
  [ david cameron ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2012/apr/12/david-cameron-yes-minister-true ) himself said that there 's some truth to the way the show depicted politics in the uk . 
  tribalism is one hell of a drug . 
   but what you are suggesting is that the departments spin to the prime minister . 
  that the department of defence sends its report to the prime minister about the cost of a shuttle launch and deliberately spins the price . 
  why ? 
  what would be the point ? 
  you should watch yes , minister . 
  did you ? 
  depends . 
  538 had clinton winning with ~ 70 % chance , huffpo had 97 % iirc , which is why lots of people on the left were taken by surprise when it actually happened . 
   saying that people who thinks immigrants are way more criminal than natives are n't at least a little bit racist is obvious to the facts you would have a point if you actually controlled for age and wealth instead of just saying `` well they 're younger and poorer so that 's ok '' . 
  without a proper analysis the best we can do is guess . 
   with trump they did n't seem to account for the electoral college ( which is stupid ) , but in the end clinton did win the popular vote by like 2 million votes . 
  this is wrong , the electoral college was taken into account in all serious studies . 
  what ended up happening is that clinton lost a bunch of states she was supposed to win . 
  really interesting map , i wonder why it got downvoted . 
   https://np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/5k0aud/breaking_i_believe_i_have_uncovered_evidence_that/ what the fuck, 
  the southern countries , poland and ireland might protest but it 's not like we ever listen to them anyway . 
  i 'm pretty sure r/europe is extremely irreligious . 
  fuck this guy . 
  english propaganda obviously . 
  they 're first on the graph so i 'm assuming they love themselves more by a fraction of a percentage . 
  nobody loves the uk quite like the uk . 
  you want to power road lights ( presumably at night ) * with solar * ? 
  do n't say this , people might actually believe you . 
  knowledge of eu institutions is pretty low even in this sub . 
  the council consists of all the heads of state/government in the union . 
  the only unelected people in there are the presidents of the council and the commission , both of which do n't have voting rights . 
   and reich is just the german word for empire . 
  is n't it rather the word for `` kingdom '' or `` realm '' ? 
  i 'm confused . 
   who happily enters a place that bans other humans for no reason than pure prejudice ? 
  curious people ? 
  i did not know such thing existed . 
  what 's the joke about `` men only '' ? 
  indeed , you ca n't count on people 's good will for this to work , you need institutions enforcing it , and you need those institutions to treat every country the same way . 
  they tried that with trump , look what happened . 
  not everyone thinks like this . 
  one battle at a time . 
  perfect cover for committing murder . 
  actually no , [ sonia rolland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sonia_rolland ) was the first african-american miss france . 
  i ca n't take seriously an article that puts breton , basque and corsican in the same `` ethnicity '' . 
  what does that word even mean at that point ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is that it 's already inconsistent so might as well try to kill it whenever possible . 
  you 'd think daylight savings being present everywhere would prevent these issues but that 's not the case . 
  not really , it 's a huge mess . 
  daylight savings start a week earlier in europe compared to north america . 
  if you ever try to organize anything with people on both sides of the atlantic during that week you 'll change your mind real quick . 
  we expected you to be reasonable and agree that french bread is unquestionably superior , but that 's probably asking too much from your uncultured lot . 
  their disproportionate wealth often comes from their role as tax havens , not some incredible productivity . 
  it 's sort of also the case for ireland . 
  do you really think the people of luxembourg are magically twice as productive as any of their neighbors ? 
  or maybe [ there 's something more to it ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/100115/why-luxembourg-considered-tax-haven.asp ) that can make said neighbors unhappy with the situation ? 
  and how many of those 8000 ( i 'm assuming your figure is correct , have n't checked it myself ) remained in the country they were assigned ? 
  how many went back to germany or sweden ? 
  for what it 's worth , the current frontrunner for the french presidency wants to triple frontex budget . 
  resources are n't lacking , political will is , but things are changing . 
  disgraceful behavior from the bbc . 
  no , what does that has to do with iphones ? 
  it was so clear in his reply that he decided to delete it altogether instead of clarifying . 
  that 's a completely different argument . 
  when civil war breaks out in your country , be sure to leave your iphone at home before running for your life and applying for asylum . 
  what the fuck kind of reasoning is that, 
  the burqa ban definitely is controversial , we had this debate in france already and it was n't nearly as straightforward as you 're making it out to be . 
  he 's not pragmatic at all . 
  he wasted his entire political capital pushing for that stupid removal of nationality for terrorists , which is a complete non issue that does n't actually accomplish anything . 
  it was set up by americans to test large scale libertarianism . 
  absolutely nobody cares . 
  oh come on this is r/europe , if you want to make this comparison talk about rugby instead .
