  this poll is a huge outlier , most other polls put m\u00e9lenchon around 14-15 % . 
  one politician saying it does n't mean much , but the comments under the article seem to agree with it . 
  said region in france is actually in the indian ocean , for anyone wondering . 
  no pls not here, 
  r/france is pretty chill, 
  maybe those turks are still bitter about that time the winged hussars arrived . 
  paris , specifically . 
  why do you do this to yourself ? 
  but i thought redditors never looked the articles and went straight to the comment section ? 
  you clearly have n't been following american politics . 
  what the fuck are you talking about , is that what people abroad really believe ? 
  hdi report is fake news , sweden has been overrun by somalis and is currently a very unstable country . 
  now let 's see if the germans feel like posting their version of this . 
   this is because , as i 've said numerous times , spain is actually a fake country would you say the same of countries such as france , italy or germany ? 
  i do n't mind italy leaving if it means we can keep pineapple pizza . 
  can this guy be any more self-centered ? 
  trudeau is a black belt in handshake-fu . 
  why do anglo-saxon political cartoonists always label everything instead of letting the metaphors speak for themselves ? 
  it 's so weird . 
  i 'll start an eu party with only one point in the program : partitioning luxembourg . 
  who 's with me ? 
  that 's not true . 
  a centrist candidate has never polled 25 % . 
  macron is clearly taking votes from both sides . 
   the term `` integration '' wants to abolish the motion and replaced by `` acceptance '' . 
  this looks like very bad news . 
  this type of political movement thrives on perceived disenfranchisement of non-integrated minorities . 
  it 's the exact opposite of what is needed right now . 
  i hope their rise is addressed by the mainstream parties . 
  two speed europe has been a serious topic of discussion for years now , so i do n't know about that . 
  looking at that wikipedia article i 'm feeling more of a woody allen comedy . 
  what about holocaust agnostics ? 
  vermin supreme 2012, 
   and the uk could hope to get back in one day meh, 
  option # 2 is fairly well corroborated . 
  you 're not very good at this . 
  last time they acted on that guarantee 38 million people died . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong ( i do n't speak german ) but le pen 's case is older , right ? 
  we have no reason to believe that schultz and his campaign wo n't be investigated . 
  brazilian . 
  there 's some portuguese if you go back enough i guess . 
  [ trianon was almost as bad tbh ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vlhta1f.jpg ), 
  this is the weirdest thing . 
  i speak fluent portuguese and only pretty basic spanish , and any time i visit italy i intuitively start talking to people in a weird spanish mix very similar to this one . 
  add ' & t = * minute * m * second * s ' at the end of the url . 
  * because he became very selfish , proudy , and those who shows me attitude , i keep them under my foot ... *, 
  i 'm a bit ashamed that the entire sub just ate it all up . 
   this corrupt piece of garbage you 're talking about le pen or fillon ? 
  cause they 're both under investigation and the fillon case is arguably even more damning . 
  the proportion of french fields medalists is higher in the past two decades than it has been in the past , you can look it up by yourself . 
  we 're discussing mathematics here so i 'm going to assume you know how statistics work . 
  a small country having a single fields medalist is n't necessarily indicative of a strong culture of mathematics , it can be an outlier . 
  the case for france is a lot more solid due to the sample size . 
  i 'd like a map of paris and surroundings with scores per arrondissement . 
  is n't blair largely responsible for brexit , by not implementing a transition period for immigration when poland joined the eu in 2004 ? 
  still waiting on his program . 
  funfact , tom cruise 's character in that movie ( an american soldier ) is actually based on the frenchman [ jules brunet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jules_brunet ) . 
  macron is pretty liberal economically though , for french standards . 
   the reason they are there is because refugees are poor , so they end up in poor neighbourhoods . 
  same thing happened in france with maghrebi workers in the 50s and 60s . 
  two generations later , those neighborhoods are where our homegrown terrorists and car burning enthusiasts come from . 
  i 'll have you know french people are among the most productive in the world during the 6 hours or so we work per week . 
  you could 've agreed to it earlier , might have prevented that whole world war thing . 
   this map is a pleasant choice of colours black text over dark grey is a pleasant choice of colours ? 
  even brazilians do n't understand the portuguese if they talk too fast . 
  they just ignore half the sounds in every word . 
   i ca n't name you a single person in my lab who speaks french . 
  they 'd feel at home in my lab then , half of the phd students barely speak french . 
  the way he says ` engineers ' cracks me up . 
  macron is n't the left . 
  ok point taken . 
  i actually do n't remember . 
  edit : oh yea last one was that train thing to kosovo so pretty bad . 
  i did n't say that . 
  serbia is basically never on the news here , so i 'm trying to provide other reasons as to why people might dislike serbians . 
  two thirds of the serbian-flaired posters i see on this sub are crazy nationalists . 
  i do n't know how it is in the rest of europe but france did a great job killing political catholicism . 
   i wish we could boycott the advertisers in those kind of newspapers . 
  we can . 
   in brazil they switch from tu and voc\u00ea that 's if you get to rio de janeiro mid-sentence . 
  the tu/voc \u00ea dichotomy in brazil is regional but consistent . 
  that 's just how it goes . 
  before the election we had 6 months of uk politics . 
  before that we had a year or so of refugee bashing . 
  before that it was greece pay denbt , etc. 
  it 's big news with huge implications for europe , it has its place here . 
   if you go in the united states of america , and go to a texan , ask him : where are you from ? 
  he 'll say `` i 'm from the usa '' , ask the same to a californian , he 'll say `` i 'm from usa '' . 
  this is wrong actually . 
  who would nato side with ? 
  is it terrorism when you target soldiers ? 
  it 's unclear to me why belgium is still a country . 
  best argument i can see is that it increases the talent pool for your football team . 
  for the french it 's even more straightforward : * are we above the brits ? 
  yes : all 's right with the world . 
  no : that 's probably only because they 're counting prostitution or something , we 're still better . 
  ... did you pay them ? 
  i do n't think that 's an issue . 
  you can find everything that goes through trump 's mind by checking his tweeter anyway . 
  i did n't get that feeling at all .
