  the french system is n't perfect but you have tons of options if you 're not from a wealthy family . 
  those `` extremely expensive '' schools you 're talking about are safety nets for lazy rich kids . 
  not wanting to create a power vacuum that 's more than likely going to be filled by occident-hating fundamentalists is selfish ? 
  i think it 's just sensible . 
  and it was n't a very fun time for the natives . 
  i do n't know toksvig so i ca n't really comment on that but if you scroll down a bit you see a lot of highly upvoted comments defending her . 
  i really do n't know what your problem is . 
   is this sensible ? 
  [ yes ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mensrights/comments/3or2ge/stephen_fry_quits_as_host_of_the_bbc_show_qiand/cvzz0eb ) ? 
  op says dumb shit and gets downvoted while reasonable people tell him to calm down . 
  you had to scroll down to the 26th post on that page and that 's the most toxic stuff you 're able to find ? 
  that sub looks * way * more reasonable than / r/europe . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  this is not an europe centered sub , it 's an immigration crisis circlejerk . 
  can you provide some examples ? 
  i took a quick glance at their top posts and saw a lot of sensible , non circlejerky discussion in the comments . 
  i was wondering how much i would have to scroll to find a comment about immigration in this thread . 
  i 'm actually surprised it is n't far up . 
  there you go !, 
  because louis bonaparte * deserved * to be king based on his qualifications but he could n't be king of france so we had to create the position . 
  that 's just how management works . 
  well obviously because the french meritocratic model was superior and we had a moral obligation to spread it across europe and beyond . 
  pretty sure it was because of the shit weather you have up there . 
  they already feel alienated and discriminated against ( which they actually are , they 're more likely to be stopped by the police and it 's harder to get a job with an arabic-sounding name on your resume ) , that 's why isis propaganda works so well . 
  i doubt placing the blame on their community would do anything against that . 
  as for your last point , a responsible migratory policy should definitely be part of the solution i 'm asking for , but that does n't do anything for the huge non integrated populations that we already have on our soil . 
  again , how does your attitude solve anything ? 
  blaming people does n't do anything . 
  changing social policies might . 
  we have a minority that does n't feel french and a smaller minority that actively wants to destroy our way of life . 
  that 's a fact . 
  we have to do something about it , and shifting the blame does n't cut it . 
   tell me , what more should the state be doing ? 
  i 'm not qualified to answer , and i do n't think anyone is atm . 
  that 's why i said we should ask ourselves this question and try new stuff out , because what we 've been doing has clearly not worked . 
   if the state is to blame for poor integration , then how do you explain the well integrated east asian and ( increasingly ) south american immigrants throughout the eu ? 
  completely irrelevant . 
  just because they 're harder to integrate does n't mean there 's nothing we can do about it . 
   this is a problem with islamic culture i agree . 
   and changing any culture from the outside is an impossible task . 
  we do n't know that . 
  how does your attitude solve any problems though ? 
  you 'd rather just wait for our 3rd generation migrants to become terrorists hellbent on destroying our society or do want to try addressing the issue ? 
  i 'm not saying we should give them more hugs , but there 's a very clear social trend going on and there 's got to be something we can do to reverse it . 
  we should at least ask ourselves the question . 
  i just said it was ok to bomb them , what are you talking about ? 
  it 's also ok to ask ourselves why we ended up having to bomb our own citizens . 
  your position is the lazy one , because you 're absolving the state ( of which , as a citizen , you 're part of ) of any responsibility . 
  the way i see it , the difference is that these guys do n't appear out of thin air . 
  they 're the product of failed french social policies and it 's our responsibility to make sure that it does n't happen again . 
  no , why do you ask ? 
  they 're terrorists/traitors , but they 're still french . 
  last time you tried that , in the end you were n't even a country anymore . 
  til pegida is a romanian group . 
   i just object to the jumping to conclusions which is often displayed here . 
  which conclusions ? 
  you yourself just said that  muslims are still far more religious than their native counterparts , and there are great problems there . 
  that 's all there is to say . 
   at the same time , imagine if we 'd openly said `` refugees not welcomed , asked to stay in middle east '' that 's pretty much what denmark did . 
  they got scolded by john oliver but other than that they 're doing fine . 
  fair enough . 
  i feel like every time someone not from country x posts an article about country x , there 's someone who 's actually from country x that comes in and explains that the article is actually misleading . 
  goes to show how little we actually understand of what 's happening in the world . 
  maybe he could do an ama ? 
  the immigrant influx will most likely keep going in the foreseeable future , and will probably increase with global warming , so better late than never . 
  not everyone in europe thinks like this . 
  [ / r/conspiracy is this way ] ( / r/conspiracy ) buddy . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're going for satire but i have no idea what you 're referring to . 
  yup , the article talks a lot but does n't say much . 
   its not a muslim problem its a problem with groups of people not having lived or experienced western values . 
  what do you make of chinese immigrants then ? 
  if / r/europe keeps following the current trend it will be calling for the expulsion of 3rd generation immigrants by christmas . 
  was he a descendant from the arpad dynasty , or is it just a common name in hungary ? 
  portuguese and spanish speakers understand each other for the most part if they talk slowly , but most brazilians ca n't * speak * spanish . 
  nah i 'm pretty sure it 's the us . 
  i did n't learn english to watch bollywood movies and listen to die antwoord . 
   the maghreb has pretty much exterminated the language in the region . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://bsnb.blogspot.fr/2009/06/noms-de-rues-les-plus-frequents-en.html ) we have the same boring names in france , but instead of naming streets after queens we name them after intellectuals ( pasteur and victor hugo appear on the list ) . 
  because it 's an emergency situation that we lack infrastructure to deal with . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are homeless shelters in the uk . 
  yup that 's exactly why these quotas are in place . 
  it 's much easier to do business in the developing world if you speak the language . 
  so yes , it would open up a lot of opportunities . 
  i ca n't use spanish or chinese if i go to germany or india though . 
  just wait until french-speaking africa becomes a global power !, 
  my lab actively discourages publishing in french ( even though some people still do ) , but your mileage may vary . 
  wow you 're really trying your best to live up to your username . 
  the shanghai ranking favors raw numbers of researchers/students . 
  in france , instead of having a handful of huge institutions such as cambridge/oxford we have plenty of smaller independent and specialized * grandes ecoles * which attract the top students . 
  i usually think dclauzel is an embarrassment for france and the french but he 's right in this case . 
  i do n't know if you 're joking or not . 
  ukrainian borders are n't up to date . 
  so now i can compare prices on amazon.com , amazon.fr and amazon.de ? 
  this is getting out of hand , is there a reason why everything is n't in one place ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  the legitimacy of the christian monarchs stemmed from religion . 
  a transparent house does n't have any benefit , do n't be ridiculous . 
  you prefer privacy during your commute or clean air ? 
  that 's the choice we 're facing .
