  it 's just not going to happen . 
  i 'm not proud of that . 
   back in the middle ages religion had of course , killing infidels and non-believers good thing it does n't happen anymore . 
  i see you do n't browse / r/wtf, 
  how do you define `` any kind of oppression '' ? 
  that 's a myth . 
  that 's why i find it funny that people were complaining last week about nuclear stations not disclosing every single security incident . 
  the general public is uneducated and very prone to panic when it comes to nuclear , and public pressure in this area will force politicians to make bad decisions . 
  i think it 's fair to say that he 's fluent in french . 
  he screws up gendered nouns here and there and his accent is a bit thick but other than that it 's really good . 
  lots of people who learned english as a foreign language use labor and labour interchangeably . 
  what the fuck is happening with this sub, 
  please keep your country unattractive ? 
  sounds like pragmatism . 
   more than anything else , it is the shift of economies away from primary and secondary industry which has eliminated war between western nations . 
  war is n't always about economic interests . 
  having an enemy you can point to and blame for all your problems is a good way to increase popular support . 
   europe went from 1815 to 1914 without a major conflict [ really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-prussian_war ) ? 
  what about [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austro-prussian_war ) ? 
   does that mean that the eu is at war with somebody/that the eu is invading somebody ? 
  no , that 's outside eu jurisdiction . 
   so basically we come back to the old post-commie europe and rest of europe divide ? 
  that 's how i interpreted that map . 
  same with french and arabic . 
  seriously who chose these colors ? 
  i enjoyed this and i have no idea why . 
  i want this . 
  how do you know i 'm wrong ? 
  it 's pretty common for people to read the headline and skip the article . 
  i bet that given the current trend , lots of people upvoted based on the assumption that it might be related to immigration . 
  that 's amazing, 
  the hundred years war ends ~ 30 years earlier than irl as well . 
  nah we make fun of their accent but they 're bros. . vive le qu\u00e9bec libre !, 
  communists used to eat baby girls . 
  his parties strategy for the last few decades was predicting apocalypse in case of a front national victory . 
  this is how they preserve the status quo , it 's nothing new . 
  it 's the 5th time i 've seen this video posted here . 
  i watch it every time . 
  pretty sure he meant in terms of political power and decision-making . 
  then you agree with everyone in this thread . 
  so you believe modern americans , who did n't take land from anyone , should leave the us , go back to wherever their ancestors came from , and give everything back to the natives ? 
  the colonization/conquest of north america might have been a mistake at the time , but it does n't mean that reverting it today would be the right thing to do . 
   usually the drivel is commented down and can easily be ignored . 
  hah , sure, 
  we 're used to being actual winners though :(, 
  you know this sub has gone to shit when you ca n't tell if stuff like this is a joke anymore . 
  / u/citronbleu is usually a sane person so i 'll give him the benefit of the doubt . 
  they 're probably doing this because rouhani does n't want pictures of himself next to nude statues . 
  i bet he does n't care , but the iranian public opinion certainly does . 
  italy is n't bowing down to iran , they 're making sure the iranian leader does n't suffer backlash at home because of the visit . 
  no thread is safe, 
  unemployment is just a number , everything is fine do n't worry . 
  i believe he means pasta . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  government * officials * take bribes in exchange for which they funnel government money ( i.e. 
  your money ) into the pockets of those who bribed them . 
  someone has to sell miniature eiffel towers and selfie sticks to chinese tourists . 
  the what ? 
  but it 's really cheap with russian ideas . 
  oooh that 's good . 
  i agree , i 'm just looking for an explanation as to why french people have such a different opinion on the airport . 
  i 'll try pretending i do n't speak french next time i 'm in there . 
  maybe you * do * need to speak french to get by and we just do n't notice it because it 's not an issue for us . 
   west bombs the shit out of isis - `` murderers !, 
  war mongerers !, 
  they just want the oil ! '', 
  i read / r/worldnews daily and i 've never seen this . 
  a few snippets for people who do n't feel like going in there :  it does n't matter how many they ( muslim immigrants ) are . 
  they are too stupid and unorganized to pose any kind of serious threat to a white army/militia . 
   i hope this leads to civil war . 
   democracy . 
  does n't . 
  work . 
   time to begin gaining allies in the military to take the country by force . 
   europe needs a new hitler . 
  he 'll set shit straight . 
  opinions ? 
  you sure about that ? 
  i always thought that the impure blood in the song referred to the soldiers of the first coalition ( aka all the monarchies that banded up together against the revolution ) . 
  yes i 'm really surprised you 're the only one who picked that up . 
  it 's my main issue with the song . 
   but instead they adopted a policy of demonisation and hysterical insults . 
  they did n't `` adopt it '' . 
  they just kept doing what they 've been doing for decades . 
  there 's a `` place carnot '' in pretty much every big city in france . 
  [ with a minor in male fashion . 
  people not voting for a muslim party does n't mean they are n't muslim , i do n't see your point . 
  they are however far less likely to vote front national . 
  is n't seine-st-denis majority muslim ( or at least , descending from north-african immigration ) at this point ? 
  edit : [ not quite . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seine-saint-denis#demographics )  in 2005 , 56.7 % of young people under 18 were of foreign origin including 38 % of african origin ( 22 % from maghreb and 16 % from sub-saharan africa ) . 
  islam is believed to be the most practiced religion in the department . 
  * the first christian roman emperor was constantine i , in the early 4th century . 
  roman influence and legal system predates that by a few centuries . 
  * napoleonic france was probably the least christian of all european nations at the time when it comes to its power structure and legal system . 
  if you look for the roots of modern secularism you will find the french revolution and the first french empire . 
  the paris urban area has roughly 10 million people in it . 
  paris `` proper '' is a small fraction of that , but the divide is completely arbitrary . 
  for example public transport reaches very far into the suburbs , so it 's basically just one big city . 
  i 'm playing a game called `` can i shoehorn the refugee crisis in every thread on / r/europe ? '',
