  it 's surprisingly easy . 
  they need to be prepared for the inevitable german invasion when they realize that they do n't have enough lebensraum for all their immigrants . 
  you make a good argument , it 's a shame people here downvote dissent . 
  it 's also a reminder that we 're all sinners who need a savior , and of many other things people do n't really want to hear about . 
  not everyone sees the cross as a positive symbol . 
  i say we create an european fund for energetic transition and give areva tons of money for them to build overpriced reactors in poland . 
  like what ? 
  concentration camps ? 
   islamic terror is n't scarier or somehow more of a threat than any other we 've faced over the last few decades correct me if i 'm wrong but few recent european terrorist groups had people ready to die for their cause ( or even worse , * seek * death for their cause ) . 
  i do n't know about that , i usually advocate for some sort of middle ground and my comments do n't get buried that often . 
  you stepped over the line buddy . 
  why would you segregate in kindergarten ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2015/sep/16/femen-protesters-women-islam-france-video ), 
  i do n't how understand how this ideology can appeal to women . 
  the cut-off appears to be in 2010 . 
  make it a city-state/tax haven . 
  luxembourg needs some competition . 
  why would you go on a suicide mission if you did n't believe your cause was worth more than your life ? 
  sure but it would n't stop these attacks . 
  yup this really is n't about culinary preferences , it 's domestic pr . 
  it 's one of the top10 engineering schools in france , i 'd rather not dox myself by giving away too much identifying information . 
  most of them got their foot in the door through internships . 
  it 's a good engineering program . 
  of course it 's a dane . 
  they pay really well and no matter which surrounding country you come from , you will find people in switzerland who speak your language which makes it very convenient . 
  i have tons of friends who went there after completing engineering . 
  it seemed to me that people took it as a joke . 
  / r/funny is n't supposed to be funny . 
  it 's a generic image subreddit . 
  pretty fair article if you ask me . 
  see that 's what i thought when i went to london but i could n't understand a word of what those drunken dudes i mingled with on camden town were saying . 
  to this day i 'm still not sure if they were speaking english . 
  i have a question . 
  if i get drunk in finland and ca n't speak finnish , how well would i be able to communicate with the local drunk people ? 
  [ something like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1uqkp9e.jpg ) , or you can drink between points . 
  you can drink while playing tennis ( i 've done it ) , but your performance will eventually go to shit . 
  same for cs : go or starcraft . 
  playing games competitively require a very clear and sharp mind . 
  fast decision-making , reflexes and accuracy are needed in pretty much every major title . 
  i do n't know anymore . 
  since i discovered reddit 3 years ago the rest of the internet slowly disappeared . 
  that 's an odd question . 
  there are french-speaking forums for pretty much anything . 
  i would n't describe that area as `` looking quite good '' . 
  it 's gloomy , grey and miserable . 
  it is indeed the video . 
  yup you also need to take some land back in south east asia . 
  wow you 're actually right ( it 's b\u00e9ziers , not evry ) . 
  robert m\u00e9nard is crazy . 
  pretty sure most people are fine with kebab shops . 
  craziest thing in that picture is that they use the portuguese flag for portuguese . 
  and alaska is twice as big as this, 
  jeb is irrelevant , we do n't really give a fuck . 
  that 's in the case of a russian invasion . 
  what iif norway decides to attack ? 
  you 're just very bad at detecting sarcasm and understanding the intent behind jokes then . 
  do n't bother with him , he 's been picking up fights left and right in this thread for no reason . 
  either that or he 's extremely dense , i 'm not sure . 
  or perhaps `` the jews '' are n't a monolithic block . 
  i somehow doubt the sephardi jewish community who fled mena countries during the second half of the 20th century are thrilled by this new influx of immigrants . 
  i believe it 's a province of turkey . 
   all basically just different combinations of cheese , pasta and tomatoes . 
  i mean , that sounds way better than anything your country ever created when it comes to food . 
  oh i 'm well aware of their * role * . 
  the * role * of the chinese communist party is to look out for the wellbeing of their people , what happens in practice is a different story . 
  and our political system is extremely inefficient because the opposition always paints the government in a bad light no matter what they do , then once they get to power reverse all the reforms , not to mention that since all politicians care about is being re-elected they do n't go for long term policies for which only a future government would reap the rewards . 
  it 's gotten to the point where people stopped caring about the political circus and voter turn out is at an all time low . 
  see , it goes both ways . 
   from poorer , disenfranchised , less well-educated communities where crime is both a cause and a consequence and none of the strategies we used to try to break this cycle worked so far . 
  it 's a problem we have no idea how to solve . 
   and sarkozy tried to bring american-level payment bills to university students . 
  but it has n't happened yet and probably wo n't . 
  lack of financial means is n't the reason people ca n't get university degrees . 
  it 's not about dread and hatred , there are plenty of cultural , social and economic factors that lead to the creation of ghettos and i really do n't think we have figured out the solution yet . 
  we 're talking civilizations , not governments . 
  what i love about this video is the white guy on the right who was probably there to educate himself about islam . 
  he gets noticeably more nervous as the time goes and he sees how many people are raising their hands around him , probably wondering what the fuck is going on . 
  those who do this do n't think like that . 
  they want to protect * their people * , and the refugees are n't part of it . 
  it 's a fucked up thought system but it 's internally coherent . 
  oh you mean per capita , i was confused . 
  the paris metro area has by far the biggest gdp in the eu . 
  anyway i guess we 'll have to annex part of flanders to make it work then ? 
   brussels what a peculiar way of spelling `` paris '' . 
  i 'm not offended i just do n't understand what you 're trying to convey . 
  you 're right . 
  the holocaust happened , so ttip should get a free pass . 
  this one 's easy , just stop having sex . 
  sure but a lot of nationalism often hurts almost everyone . 
  and also because the overwhelming majority of the population speaks french . 
  you wo n't find unpopular opinions at the top . 
  sort by controversial . 
  then maybe you 're not ready to have kids ? 
  who cares about rugby , it 's a silly sport . 
  europe did n't even bother to get to the semi-finals . 
   kappa no sub is safe, 
  handball should be next . 
  well if he got to hec then he worked his ass off no matter what . 
  i 'm talking about the lesser schools . 
   super intensive prep schools that just prepare you for elitist schools that are extremely expensive not engineering , or med school , or law , or pretty much anything except business schools .
