  do n't ask me . 
  can someone provide another source for this ? 
  all i found was exact copies of this article on sites ranging from dailymail to civilwarineurope.com, 
  no i 'm pretty sure it 's because of gypsies . 
  it 's also common practice for people to conflate criticism of culture and criticism of race in order to call people racist and silence debate . 
   are you going to cede banlieues to algeria ? 
  to qatar , most likely . 
  ukraine happened , i guess . 
  relevant username . 
  is n't that pretty much what we 're doing with malta ? 
  well he 's not wrong , nor is he stating that it 's a bad thing . 
  if it 's away from the cities then it becomes a camp . 
  a camp where we concentrate . 
   the state pays for you not out of some altruistic beliefs , but because it is beneficial for it . 
  it 's beneficial to the state * because * people pay back once their education is over . 
  wow , sweden what happened to you ? 
  also the shia under saddam . 
  actually they 're the ones who do n't want independence . 
  turns out that being french beats the alternative . 
   i do n't feel greece owes the west anything apart from money ? 
   the problems of masses of immigrants in the mediterranean sea is provoked by western powers by destabilizing northern africa no , it 's provoked by a huge discrepancy in quality of life that would have been there no matter what . 
  can someone eli5 this graph ? 
  that 's about right . 
  he looks like what fran\u00e7ois hollande would look like if he was a cs major . 
   france will push for french as the official language in all institutions . 
  you betcha, 
  / r/pcmasterrace hates valve this week though because of the payed mods disaster . 
  i think it 's time to admit that you 're not a real country . 
  alright , if you 'd rather be condescending than constructive then i think i 'm done here . 
  it does , because in a democracy those institutions are supposed to answer to the public and that 's how you get to change the society . 
  putting all the blame on an already disenfranchised group does n't do anything other than making them feel even more alienated . 
  blaming people does n't solve systemic problems . 
  would n't it be great if we could have different words for different concepts . 
  maybe that 's the only question that 's ever been asked about slovenia on google.com.au . 
   i feel i should make sure a family member is gay and most definitely someone should marry a person with different melanin levels . 
  you can argue that there has been a push in the media to over-represent this sort of family in order to normalize it and break the stigma , but i really do n't see how one could say that they `` feel they should '' do anything of the sort . 
  front national has very protectionist economic policies afaik . 
  france might be a bit of an outlier though . 
  i hope so , but it 's really hard to tell right now . 
  european countries have a lot more history and legacy than american states had in the 1700s . 
  the fear of losing one 's identity and sovereignty is probably stronger than it was for you guys . 
   but ca n't that be said about the whole european experiment still ? 
  that 's just one big attempt to prevent another world war ? 
  i think that 's a pretty accurate way to look at things , but it 's evolving into something different . 
  there have been efforts to build an european identity and i hope we keep going in that direction , even though the past few years have damaged that idea . 
  as for military spending , france spends between 1.9 and 2.1 % of gdp on their military depending on the sources . 
  we do n't have the military culture that the americans have though . 
  i do n't think i actually know a single french soldier/veteran in real life , even though i know two american veterans who studied in france . 
  we 're very removed from the reality of the conflicts our country fights in , so it 's hard for me to make an assessment one way or another . 
   while when poland got attacked by nazis , english and french pilots were dropping on german cities ... leaflets . 
  i think things need to be put in context . 
  ww1 was * devastating * to france and the uk . 
  a huge chunk of the voters , the policymakers , the writers and journalists that shaped public opinion at the time had fought in it or lost loved ones in it , and their number one concern was making sure it would n't happen again . 
  europe will probably be doing the same thing three years from now . 
  so if i understand correctly , the fact that everyone looks the same makes you feel like you do n't belong ? 
  i guess it kind of makes sense . 
  the way you formulated that thought was really weird though . 
   but so much whiteness had an impact on both me and my friends ( also white ) travelling at the time , it was almost oppressing that 's an ... interesting observation . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  this is a tough question . 
  the short answer is , in my opinion , that clustering is not a well defined problem . 
  what `` good clustering '' means depends entirely on the problem , and on the kind of result you 're looking for . 
  no algorithm will be a perfect fit for every problem . 
  k-means in particular has a bunch of shortcomings , but the results still provide some interesting insights . 
  every time i run it i get a cluster with a bunch of eastern european countries plus portugal , that 's not something i would have expected before doing this analysis . 
  there are however methods to decrease dependence on initialization , such as running the algorithm a bunch of times then aggregating the result . 
  now i 'm wondering how much tidal energy we could harvest before the moon crashes on the earth . 
  the way k-means works is that you put some ( here 5 ) points in your space ( here it 's a 6-dimensional space ) , somewhat at random . 
  those points will be the centers of your clusters . 
  go through every data point ( here it 's every country ) , and you assign it to the nearest center . 
  once that 's done , you compute the average of all the points assigned to every center and you move the centers to those averages . 
  repeat until the centers stop moving . 
  note that the final result depends on the initialization ( ie the way you place your centers on your 6-d space at the start ) so if you run the algorithm twice you might get slightly different results . 
  in my example , most clusters are at somewhat equal distances of each-other , except : * 4 that 's pretty close from 1 and 5 , somewhere between the two * 2 and 5 which are really far apart, 
  i just used the standard kmeans function from matlab with k = 5 . 
  the only thing i actually had to code was sorting the data by country instead of higher -  lower . 
  [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1y4ozlvrkgotmahonelkvhhv3awusryq2zpgkcvp4jzo/edit?usp=sharing ) 's the link to the sorted data if you want to try something different on it . 
  i did some lazy k-means clustering on the data and here are the results : cluster1 | cluster2 | cluster3 | cluster4 | cluster5 -- | -- | -- | -- | -- slovakia | netherlands | latvia | france | romania czech republic | united kingdom | lithuania | poland | croatia italy | finland | estonia | belgium | slovenia hungary | sweden | | greece | bulgaria germany | ireland | | spain | portugal austria | denmark | | malta | | | | luxembourg |, 
   japan could take half of europe they 're barely on par with france or the uk . 
  as an eu4 enthusiast i 'm fine with it , as it would result in prettier borders . 
  and if their prices rise they will lose market share to other businesses who might actually pay their taxes in france . 
  i really do n't think you 'll want wallonia , they 're better off with us for sure . 
  for the rest you should talk to the netherlands . 
  why do n't we just annex luxembourg ? 
  would make things much easier . 
  how can you reconcile your disgust for any type of intolerance with the fact that you 're welcoming some of the most intolerant cultures * en masse * into your country ? 
  they 're all part of the empire . 
  i 've watched most of his 20 min segments on youtube and he does say that a lot . 
  i do n't really feel like going through them to find examples though . 
  that 's the most eurovision thing i 've ever seen . 
  not too long ago you could say that about brazil too . 
  source : went to private school in brazil , knew tons of upper middle class families . 
   are you saying they 're incapable of being impartial and unbiased ? 
  he said that they * might * not be impartial and people should n't take it at face value . 
  it 's good practice in general , but it 's particularly important with nationalistic conflicts . 
  [ wow you were n't kidding ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/4cte0r/the_mods_of_rrussia_do_not_support_the_harmful/ ) . 
   the primary purpose of the side navbar is precisely to encourage the use of those features . 
  i wanted the users to do more than just visit / hot and think that was everything the sub had to offer . 
  i frequently visit ~ 10 subs and pretty much only browse / hot on all of them . 
  there 's absolutely no way a different css will make me change my habits for a particular subreddit .
