smoke from the fires, 
  how cool !, 
  thank you for sharing that , its interesting to see little connections, 
  hum interesting , some old people here in portugal will also say `` oiros '' and oiros means golds it 's rather curious, 
  `` ficar na merda '' - `` be on the shit '' not the best translation of it but you get the grasp `` meter a pata na po\u00e7a '' - `` put your foot on the puddle '' `` saiu-te o tiro pela culatra '' - `` it backfired on you '' `` azar da cueca '' - `` bad luck of the panties '' ( open to interpretations and i do n't know if it is used by that many people ), 
  today a spaniard passed me in a roundabout driving like a maniac , so we are not the only maniacs although its not a lie we drive fast , but spaniards or people with a spanish license plate take the crown, 
  inglaterra in portuguese which is literally england, 
  some claim it was actually we the portuguese to set foot in oceania first but it was too far away for us to care ... 
  honestly i do n't know that much about it so take my word as you wish, 
  lol ... coitadinho do animal, 
  do you mind if i send you a private message ? 
  once again i thank you for your help your help actually made me decide to write a small chapter about the requirements that each member state demand of a credit establishment , i am currently doing it about france , but will add spain , italy , belgium and maybe germany i would like your input if you do n't mind, 
  thank you again you are being a great help it 's all clear now , i read the french code monetaire but it was hard to interpret and to know where to look for things thank you very much , merci beaucoup !, 
  ps : you need to worry about your english level , you speak very well !, 
  hi again !, 
  can you tell me one thing about the banking union ? 
  i was reading a paper and france is mentioned , the author says that in france a bank does n't need to do 3 things to be considered a credit establishment , is that true ? 
  has it changed ? 
  thank you very much i am going to read them and let you know how it went no need to worry about it being in french , its the help that counts and i can understand french once again , thank you !, 
  thank you very much what i really need to find and analyse is directives directly related to the community passport regarding banks in the union , have you heard of it ? 
  hi , thank you !, 
  its about the community passport regarding banks , have you heard about it ? 
  well so i could gather all the directives from 1973 until now where they speak about banking and harmonizing banking law for all the members of the eu etc , i know it 2012 we started building the banking union but i ca n't find any directive after 2006 that touches this topic by legal diplomas i mean directives , regulations , recommendations etc, 
  yes there 's one guy from my village that moved to eindhoven and he tried to explain what you just did but he is n't as articulated as you are , so thank you for explaining it in such a easy to understand yes , we have one face that we show the world , one that we show our friends and family and another that is our real face and that only we know ... something in the lines of this claro !, 
  yes , exactly !, 
  but when you start working for real , how will you deal with social security matters ? 
  once again you are right !, 
  that also reminds me of that japanese theory ( ? ), 
  that we have 3 faces , do you know it ? 
  hm , take advantage of the benefits do n't be dumb , if they exist its for people to use them , i do n't mean abuse them its all with `` conta e medida '' this got dark all of the sudden , lol muito bem !, 
  smart move on your part !, 
  shh no one needs to know that for real its always nice to have a good sense of humour and be playful that does n't mean you are childish or less mature \u00c9 poliglota do catano !, 
  quantas l\u00ednguas falas ? 
  uau !, 
  very focused and goal driven !, 
  if it was now would you still go through all the bureaucracy ? 
  or not really ? 
  for me you would only be french the moment you spoke portuguese with a fake french accent or if you came back and spoke in french to everyone and then turned around and spoke in pt , that actually happened !, 
  a man asked me for directions in french , i almost `` died '' trying to explain it to him and then he turns around and speaks portuguese to his wife hats off !, 
  after everything you wrote you must be like 20 and with tons of maturity to offer !, 
  ok , `` tudei waz a gude dei '' for you then !, 
  i 'm kidding , i assume you would vote for him , but i asked because i thought since you went to france at 14 that you had decided to get double nationality or something that 's right !, 
  you are very assertive and you clearly have strong opinions , its refreshing !, 
  i agree with you about the anonymity its fairly recent if we look at the grand scheme of the rest of europe , but it seems well established , so that makes it even mote impressive that you got in !, 
  how far are you in your degree ? 
  boa !, 
  this got me thinking , and this question can be stupid , so sorry in advance but could you vote in the french elections ? 
  yes but that works when you have a big class , not in secondary school or whatever where they know every student and grade according to how much they like you uva sounds very interesting though !, 
  how old is the university ? 
  because i assume its a very well known university yet i hear more about twente fazes muito bem !, 
  true dat !, 
  but macron won so there 's that  yes i see , honestly being objective is better , it 's fairer ( ? ), 
  what the hell ? 
  i kid you not but old people here that lived in france are actually sort of supporting her , because she is what france needs to still be france in the future they say ... 
  i will look into it  ahahah keep that up it will help you have awesome grades !, 
  yes , and if for some forsaken reason le pen wins ... lord . . 
  i watched the debate and she is out of touch with reality . . having francs for people and small companies but euros for the bigger ones ? 
  lol or mdr really ? 
  its fascinating !, 
  what else is different ? 
  cool !, 
  if you want we can talk about it !, 
  because here i bore everyone with my love for european matters xp me too !, 
  you are cool , i hope we can be friends !, 
  well , i see the point in it , why hide your ancestry ? 
  accents should be celebrated i know what you mean about the french government not taking the right measures when it comes to teaching languages in the best possible , but when they have such a big country and a big `` market '' , why do they need to learn more than the basics of other language ? 
  it feels like this is how they think i understand , you saw going away as way to.improve yourself and it was actually the best thing for you  hein ? 
  how are calculators different ?? 
  by writing conventions do you mean ponctuation or what do you mean ? 
  modesty is a great quality to have , and you have plenty !, 
  i wish you great success  so you are currently taking a bachelors ? 
  in european studies that 's very cool !!, 
  i am writing my dissertation ( masters ) about the community passport , its about banks being able to open branches in other member states with an authorization from their original state which valid for every country in the eu i can see you being very good with tourists , for one you seem to be amazed by different cultures and finding common ground , otherwise you would n't be a part of this forum  i work in a caf\u00e9 , i do more stuff but i dont know how to explain properly, 
  i always assumed that the whole `` the french only know french '' was a big joke because they had heavier accents when speaking english , after all its true to an extent ? 
  you went woth your mother but you were 16 , not everyone has the guts to leave everything behind like you did and start over !, 
  you left your friends , your home , your family ( ? 
  ) , and who knows what else i admire you because that 's something i would like to do but at the same time i do n't want to leave the confort of the things i know and am familiar with yes i see you really benefit from it !, 
  how can maths be affected by the language ? 
  with history and other social sciences i can see it happening but with maths ? 
  : s so you are pretty intelligent , maybe that 's why you can integrate and adapt so well in these 3 countries and in all the others you visit plus you seem to have actually learnt from your experiences like the `` denmark fail '' i really liked that last sentence you wrote , it was a great wrap up if you do n't mind me asking ( you dont have to answer if you feel like this is too personal to ask ) but in what field do you work on ? 
  i feel that for some reason you got unlucky with the teachers you got in portugal although i admit its pretty impressive the english part . . 
  i think its still falling short on us because i had english since 1st grade ( like 4 hours a week , maybe less in primary school ) and i always went to public schools . 
  i think it all depends on the students themselves and their willingness to study or to learn i 'm not try to take away the value of what you did , quite the contrary !, 
  i find it very impressive that you had the ability to see that you needed a better educational system and i wish i had the guts to go to another country to pursue my goals but after france why did you chose the netherlands ? 
  with belgium right there ? 
  specially considering you could use french instead of having to learn dutch and you are already slightly belgian with your 90 :p about walking on sidewalks i think you need to come visit my village where sidewalks are for the flies and the road is for everything , cars , bikes , people , electric wheelchairs i have yet to go to france and to the netherlands , so i dont understand one thing ... 
  should n't they be way more organized than we ? 
  and why are malls designed in incomprehensive ways ? 
  is it like a way to force people to pass by more stores and buy more stuff ? 
  where do you feel at home ? 
  where do you feel like you belong ? 
  interesting !, 
  and what was your conclusion when you changed ? 
  is france better than us in terms of education ? 
  why would you want kebabs when you can get bifanas or p\u00e3o com chouri\u00e7a ? 
   my mother grew up when france like almost everyone else from leiria but the way she tells it its like portugal is way better because there is more freedom to walk around in the streets , currently she claims to not remember french anymore but its weird since she only spoke french until she was 10 and sometimes you 'll catch her pronouncing `` talento '' as `` talant '', 
  i think napoleon might be seen that way in all the countries he invaded ? 
  did you go to school in both portugal and france ? 
  in which country did you spend more time ? 
  that 's so true !,
