/ r/russia made me hate russia with passion, 
  based on ? 
  sure , there are people like that , but czech society is quite fragmented as we are in the middle . 
  we used to be in soviet block , now we are trying to be western , but that does not go well or fast . 
  he 's just afraid of russians . 
  we are horribly ashamed of this guy . 
  i 'm very sorry guys . 
  why bribed ? 
  they do business , so they make money . 
  we are assholes . 
  why ? 
  we have been happier after separation . 
  do n't mess it up again . 
  by we i mean both sides . 
  another beer . 
  really ? 
  they usually just make thinks worse . 
  and it does not matter if they have their evil phase ( nazi ) or nice phase ( now ) . 
  they should just not rule anything in europe , definitely not unilaterally like now . 
  man , i do n't love the guy , but this is just ridiculous . 
  that 's why the ( still ) rule the world . 
  it 's not really much about tibet , but about freedom of speech on your own property . 
  original guy said quite clearly on facebook , that they did not mind having blinds rolled down in windows , just the flag . 
  we have a joke here today . 
  chinese president felt very at home during his visit . 
  we on the other hand felt very much like in china . 
  well , no . 
  agency that handles long-term samsung rent of flag poles claims , they removed samsung flags without their agreement . 
  proof on facebook which i ca n't link here because reasons . 
  they are usually already foreign-owned . 
  this will have exactly zero positive influence on normal citizen of czech republic . 
  well , it 's completely illegal behavior by law enforcement which is blessed by their superiors . 
  chinese investments sounds nice , but reality is that they do n't plan to build , they plan to buy existing companies , which brings nothing ( as they are already mostly foreign owned ) . 
  i would link you a video , but facebook links is not allowed here ( do n't know why ) . 
  anyway , it 's facebook and then this in url / 100005818999025/videos/506846332852662 /, 
  i guess it does not matter where . 
  same like following status , i just need to say it . 
  there is still nothing very visible , but you can certainly see bad direction . 
  we are creating our own oligarch ( andrej babis ) who is now finance minister , despotic leader of possibly strongest party , owner of lots of media and who is making billions on redirection of eu funds to his companies ( now they proved he took cca 2 mil . 
  eur to build his personal farm , money that should have been for small entrepreneurs ) . 
  did you see [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ar6qydz.jpg ) in czech ? 
  that is prague yesterday . 
  our president claims `` new direction of foreign politics , independent on eu and usa '' . 
  they want to make czech entry gate of china interests in eu . 
  and to seal the deal , they arrested everyone who came out with tibetian flag ( unlawfully ) , they let chinese protesters beat czech ones with flag poles while police watched etc. 
  really sad days / year for czech republic . 
  i wonder how long till i 'll try to run away . 
  and if you look at poland , russia , etc. 
  you see just rise of authoritarian regimes everywhere . 
  eastern europe goes to shit . 
  i can see it in my country too . 
  that 's it . 
  i think he just needed to say that . 
  here i use mostly messenger , then whatsapp , but honestly i use whatsapp mostly with foreigners . 
  but i know other groups that use exclusively line or kik or whatever . 
  i personally hate that there are so many apps . 
  it 's icq all over again . 
  you ca n't integrate people who does not want to be integrated . 
  do n't take me wrong . 
  i hate war as much as anyone . 
  but i want my nation be have sufficient army to protect it 's borders because we do n't live in utopia . 
  i 'd love if people could just burn all weapons and live in peace , but i just do n't see that happening . 
  still more reason to finance environment activities and army . 
  i somehow believe that most of change must be basically reduced consumption and added cost ( tax ) on co2 producing energy . 
  both pays for itself . 
  but noone is interested in cheap solutions , right . 
  well any c that stays in wood is trapped there . 
  so when tree grows , it absorbs c from co2 until burned/decomposed . 
  well i just have that every time someone wants to finance something very expensive , they just say `` let 's take it from army '' like definancing armies will actually cause peace on earth . 
  yea , but my country is not spending nearly enough on army already . 
  so sorry , no . 
  i 'd rather see money go from different places . 
  i consider army important . 
  it is . 
  i do n't get why he propagates it . 
  every second western europe country , not every country . 
  mace is just single brand of trademarked compound of inferior effectivity . 
  it 's protection tool , not `` do n't hurt the guy '' tool . 
  i do n't wear baton ( legal here ) because it does not hurt a guy , it 's because it does . 
  well , we have also bit different climate here , right ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've been there last christmas . 
  except of red district , which was predictably full of sleazy guys , the center of city was lovely . 
  that is kind of what i meant . 
  not everyone loves local brews and not everyone loves big brands . 
  try all , decide for yourselves . 
  well , i personally dislike `` local small breweries '' . 
  results are at best unpredictable and usually they just ca n't get it right . 
  on the other hand , kozel , pilsner etc. 
  tastes well every time . 
  not even talking about price lower than water . 
  problem is , if czech leaves eu , we will become another balcan in couple years . 
  that i 'm sure of . 
  none that maritime patrol planes will help solving . 
  sad day for czech republic indeed . 
  i always loved 17th november . 
  it was peaceful , quiet day to remember and walk alongside random strangers same way as students did in ' 89 . 
  not anymore . 
  i still hoped that `` it will get better '' in czech , but i do n't see the chance now . 
  czech president ca n't say he was wrong in simpler cases that ( if you know czech , you 'll know peroutka scandal ) .
