  for papandreou : i do n't see how he was wrong . 
  for karamanlis : ecfr can spew whatever bullthit they want . 
  he did n't do anything pro-russian . 
  for samaras : using the orthodox axis was a move so he can get christian support . 
  countries inviting armies to parades is nothing new and does n't mean anything . 
  for tsipras : i thought kotzias invited dugin , and it was one lecture . 
  about the greek oligharchs : i do n't really care about them . 
  private entities can support anyone they want . 
  that 's why we have free economy . 
  and as for syriza , golden dawn , and anel : for what ? 
  ukraine ? 
  they would on ; t criticized them if greek people cared . 
  obviously , that 's not the case . 
  i think you are seeing ghosts where there really is n't anything worthwhile mentioning . 
   ooh it 's amusing to see you justify your current subservience to putin i like it how you turn everyone to be a subject of putin . 
  i do n't give half a fuck about him . 
  everyone has an interest , that 's what we see with the eu now . 
  but you blindly only blame russia for all the ills in europe and greece . 
  and that 's retarded . 
  we speak about solidarity in the european union , nobody expects any kind of solidarity outside it . 
  as we have seen in the last years , the same standards apply inside eu . 
  also , if it was n't for the russians , you would be speaking either german or turkish right now . 
  so cut the attitude . 
  i 've seen your retarded posts everywhere in / r/greece , stop leaking to / r/europe . 
  merkel is on her tenth year ... also a dictator ? 
  holland could make a start by releasing their findings about mh17, 
  well , talking about it is n't going to solve anything, 
  well , it 's been 41 years already . 
  obviously nobody cares . 
  true . 
  if you are in germany and ca n't pay , you probably spent your money on random things and did n't budget to pay your taxes . 
  so you deserve that . 
  most people here ca n't pay their taxes because they do n't have anything to pay with . 
  and since taxes are increased , more people will be found in the same position . 
  of course there are people who just avoid taxes , but they are n't the majority . 
  yes 55 euros . 
  it 's not that much . 
  yes but i did , and i 'm getting screwed because some people did n't . 
  what 's more , those people will not start paying now . 
  [ cost of living in greece ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=greece ) [ cost of living in portugal ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=portugal ) [ cost of living in romania ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=romania ) do you see the problem now ? 
  i 'm on rent and i only own a 400cc motorcycle which is not considered property for some reason . 
  i pay income taxes though . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  we need system reforms , but the current agreement does n't have anything for them , just economic numbers . 
  because : a ) workers rights do n't exist anymore , so people will work for less . 
  b ) if you want to have a pension , your company has to buy union stamps . 
  they are taken from your wage . 
  c ) i 'm not the example . 
  not yet , wait for it . 
  you earn 600 euro , spend 400 on rent and utilities . 
  spend 150 on food , gas/tickets etc. 
  your tax is 1200 per year ( it 's much more but just an example ) . 
  so you 're 50 euro short each month . 
  what are you gon na do ? 
  and now you have 1/5 of your population in jail , next move ? 
   you make it sound like forcing people to pay their taxes is some sort of crime . 
  it is n't a crime as long as you do n't take people 's livelihood . 
  no , and that 's a reform that should have been done decades ago . 
  i wish it was that way . 
  with our cost of living it gets to the point of you either starve or pay taxes . 
  you just do n't know what 's going on in greece . 
  so now the government still has one less paying person , and now it spends money on him . 
  great thinking , have you tried politics ? 
  i get romania as an example . 
  did n't romania 's president retire because of corruption just yesterday ? 
  flexible labor laws , good . 
  so you can work for three months , not get paid and then get fired ? 
  great . 
   so people have to default on their taxes except they are not defaulting because they are greedy and spend money on random shit . 
  they default because someone is asking them to pay more . 
  is this justice ? 
   especially a unprpared that 's why you should always prepare for everything . 
  grexit will be shitty for everyone , but there is some hope that in ten years things will be better . 
  there is no hope now . 
  we 're going down an endless drain . 
   the greek government needs as much revenue as they can get but you do n't see the point . 
  the people that did n't pay , wo n't start paying now . 
  many people that pay now will stop paying , not because they want to , but you just ca n't make due . 
   what type of incentives ? 
  financial ? 
  not direct , but passive . 
  reward good taxpayers with lower rate , or write-offs from next year 's tax payment , let them pay out in non-interest installments and punish bad taxpayers . 
   it really is the perfect shitstorm . 
  grexit is inevitable , it 's just not enough people see it now . 
  some people still hope , but it 's false hope . 
  the government will fall from internal strain , then elections , then somebody will come up and cut all ties . 
  reforms to the tax system , with incentives on paying taxes . 
  what should have been done from the start . 
  people ca n't pay what they do n't have . 
  i pay taxes . 
  some people do n't . 
  i will continue paying more taxes , while some people still wo n't . 
  if i do n't have any money to live on , i 'll stop paying taxes , because now the rates are insane to our cost of living . 
   while we do n't yet know whether the latest accord will stick , let alone succeed , the requirements are necessary to bring the aegean country back to economic health and to save its participation in the common currency . 
  well , we heard that before too many times already . 
  sorry if i do n't believe it . 
  these people have no common sense . 
  people are not paying taxes ? 
  well , we found the solution : force them to pay more . 
  also , lower their wages and disband worker 's rights .
