  you ca n't put them in the same group really . 
  but i will put it in another way : * a lent b some money * later , b says that the only way he can repay a is if a gives him some more money . 
  * a refuses and asks b to pay up anyway creating a special plan * b will work for less and pay more * b does n't have any money and is starving * b now has to do something illegal and immoral ( by a standards ) to pay back so what 's more immoral b turning to illegality or a forcing b to turn ? 
  i can not say about the intentions of eu members . 
  if they are n't good this disgussion has no meaning , so let 's say for now that they are . 
   peace . 
  the union was founded with the abolition of conflict in europe as a major objective . 
  the same conflicts greece is now appeasing . 
      so no , i guess there is nothing that unites the eu and greece , when greece abandons the ideals of peace in europe in favour of little ( remember , no deal with russia will be able to solve greece 's problems in a major way ) economic gain . 
  well , the last war that happened near greece was in kosovo . 
  russia was not involved then . 
  european militaries go and fight in middle-east . 
  just because it is n't europe , we can not give them a free pass to that . 
  and i will sum up everything else you said : firstly , the new way to go in geopolitics is economic manipulation . 
  russia is just behind in times . 
  you can control a country by holding its debt and you do n't have to deal with revolts and other bullshit . 
  the local governments do . 
  secondly , even if a russian deal creates 5.000 jobs , it is welcomed . 
  for now eu only slashes jobs . 
  if it also fuels the economy , that 's also good . 
  years of austerity have dried the economy . 
  there is no flow . 
  eu doens ' t want to negotiate , it 's always slash something , increase taxes . 
  that 's why we have a new goverment . 
  lastly , let 's be pragmatic . 
  these are not small deals over people 's lives , there will be no war , this is only fear-mongering to keep nato stable and perpetruate the anti-russia line . 
  which is fine by me , but i do n't buy it and neither greek government should . 
   with whomever we like . 
  well , not with mexican cartels , taliban etc. , but mostly correct . 
   the article doubts the surplus as it claims two major positions were not included in the calculation . 
  first of the interest rates which by now can be freely defined and thus do n't primarily matter when searching for a solution . 
  second one time payments for the banking sector which , if they are still necessary , would be part of reform attempts as well as transfers with other european countries . 
  these can be excluded from greeces balance sheet for the same reason as above . 
  thus for the purpose of greece stabilizing itself the number of the surplus can be used . 
  because i 'm not an economist and can not write a wall of text right now read [ this ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2014/04/27/greek-finmin-confesses-to-having-dressed-up-a-primary-deficit-as-a-surplus-and-seeks-to-claim-the-glory/ ) and [ this ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2014/04/24/greek-statistics-are-back-primary-deficit-presented-as-surplus-with-eurostats-seal-of-approval/ ) article . 
  it gives bigger insight as to what is going on by none other than our finance minister . 
   that is not mutually exclusive . 
  whether or not it would be a solution this would have to be shared in all other debt ridden countries . 
  and while it may or may not be a solution for greece it would put multiple other countries at risk which frankly keeping greece alive is n't worth from the perspective of the giver countries . 
  again , investors and debt holders must understand that you can not pay if you do n't have anything to pay with . 
  if you are a good investor you either : a ) cut your losses and just go , meaning you get nothing . 
  b ) you create proper conditions to get paid back , even if not fully . 
  at least you will have some return . 
  the solution pushed now is to make greece pay money it does n't have , with unachivable projected primary surpluses . 
  this makes way for two completely different outcomes : a ) you push greece to pay , projecting greece to repay you fully by 2315 . b ) greece ends up in a fireball , defaults on payments , gives a big fuck you to everyone and restarts anew . 
  simple mathematics : you make a loaf of bread that costs 1.00 to make and you sell it for 2.00 with 100 % projected profit . 
  i ca n't buy your bread , you make 0 % profit and i have no bread . 
  now you lower the projected profit to 90 % so you sell for 1.90 . 
  i can now buy your bread and you can have a profit . 
  it 's not called blackmail . 
  it 's called smart bussiness and not being a greedy bastard . 
  i 'm not saying to invest in companies that show losses . 
  there are many profitable greek companies . 
   additionally prior to syriza greece actually managed o achieve a primary surplus . 
  as by now most debts are controlled by the eu or organizations with the same interest which makes interest rates controllable this would have allowed to actually pay back . 
  nope , this surplus was a success story pushed my samaras . 
  [ here is an article explaining that the number is meaningless . 
  it talks about the 2013 primary surplus but the idea is the same . 
  ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2014/04/23/greek-primary-surplus-statistics-troika-edition/ )  all of the above are reasons why the givers countries do n't want to give greece incentives or larger further brakes . 
  greece already got a number of these and chances and frowned upon all of them for petty politics . 
  what were those insentives ? 
  because none of them were transfered to greek citizens . 
  only syriza gave some insentives by allowing taxpayers pay in 100 doses and cutting some of debt if you paid a large amount . 
  this was an incentive . 
  asking us to pay more while having less , is not . 
  and it is not preferential treatment , it is the only solution . 
   all the western-supported fascists during the cold war are supporting and being supported by russia now . 
  you were talking about what happened before , when the debt was created . 
  at that time , no greek government was supporting russia . 
  you want to tell me that karamanlis or papandreou supported russia , yet we had no actual ties those years ? 
  karamanlis actually wanted to build a pipeline with bulgaria , but who do you think shut it down ? 
  a fascist conference held in st. petersburg does not denote that russia is fascist . 
  for fucks sake we have golden dawn in our fucking parliament , maybe you will call us nazis too ? 
  the only help we need is to stop imposing more taxes and cutting our wages . 
  also , a some investments ( not privatizations ) would do some good to start the economy flowing again . 
   how much of greece farming exports do you think goes to russia ? 
  the figure that i heard was 1.5 % , and only a specific farm sectors ( like peach-producers ) had significant proportion of the exports heading to russia . 
  peaches , strawberries , kiwis , chestnuts , olives , oranges etc. 
  nope , much more goes from greece to russia . 
  [ here 's a small article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/13/greece-farmers-russian-sanctions-rotten-fruit ) . 
   it 's the russian-owned governments of greece that have produced greece 's bankruptcy in the first place , by sabotaging every local and western investment -- exactly because the russians want to buy the whole of greece for a loaf of bread . 
  you mean the western-imposed junta we had after the [ greek civil war of ' 49 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_civil_war ) ? 
   look at how the local coal industry was shut down because the russia-owned karamanlis/samaras/tsipras wanted us to buy expensive russian gas at prices 30 % over the average european prices . 
  really ? 
  coal ? 
  coal factories are opposed by every member of the eu . 
  they are costly , dirty and inefficient . 
  you do n't say anything about eu closing a fully functioning and profitable sugar factory in larissa , because it created a surplus that was interfering with expensive and lower quality european sugar ? 
  there are literally thounsants of such examples . 
   look at how the gold mines in northern greece are being violently stopped from working because of the mixed ( russia-allied ) far-left and far-right gangs who oppose their functioning as long as they 're operated by a canadian company . 
  once they 're owned by russian interests , all protests against this operation will magically go away . 
  do n't really know much about this matter . 
  everything you say below is just rambling almost getting to shill levels . 
  esspecially when you talk about fascist russians while our great northen benefactors almost annihilated europe some 70 years ago , i can not take you seriously , sorry . 
   not going to jail ok , so i will now call upon the 12 gods of olympus and they will miraculously rain money upon us . 
  this is the same bullshit strategy used by the eu and with citizens like that it 's no surprise . 
  let me put that in bold so you can understand : ** if i do n't have any money i can not fucking pay you ** and if you put me to jail you will not make anything from me . 
  so , i repeat myself for the 3rd time . 
  maybe use your little brain and help me make money to pay you ? 
  i can not give you anything if i do n't have anything .
