  lugansk , donetsk and crimea held a referendum to be autonomous regions under russia ? 
  has anyone gone outside these areas except to disrupt ukrainian armies from marching . 
   greece is n't exactly a shining example here either . 
  why are you spending so much on military while the country is in such deep crisis ? 
  are you trying to fuck with turkey ? 
  spending 2.5 of your gdp for military is n't that much , and you would n't solve any problems by changing that . 
   we 're talking about foreign aid here . 
  well , uk had some colonies here not a long ago , not now though . 
  i think you could say we are foreigners to them . 
   and talking about aiding greece , frikkin ' 250 billion euros and your gdp per capita is now on estonia 's level , while wages and pensions are still way higher . 
  this means you will still remain uncompetitive and the economy wo n't be improving . 
  all that with highest debt level in europe . 
  we remain uncompetitive by being in the eu , true . 
  yet leaving has not been an option so far despite this being our only salvation . 
  now that we talked about greece , which was n't the original argument , let 's return to ukraine . 
   that 's a black whole you really ca n't compare ukraine to . 
  wait a few years and we shall see . 
   you may disagree , but the greeks are winning this negotiation i do n't know , have n't seen any signs of us winning though . 
  i may sound like a pessimist but as i 've said before , i would like this governemnt to win . 
  about the unified syriza front , that 's a little hard considering the history of the party . 
  syriza was supposed to be a left party first and foremost but has changed direction in the last years to hold a more eu-friendly stance . 
  however , there 's still a strong `` left platform '' of `` true leftists '' that would pursue stopping negotiations and leaving the euro . 
  could you please agree to coordinate your answers with the other guy ? 
  i do n't have to quote your bullshit every time . 
  he involved the eu and greece was not in the original comment to you about `` countries who need them ''  fucking with russia is obviously the secondary reason , the first reason would be helping ukraine . 
  why did n't you aid them before ? 
  it 's not like ukraine 's economy become shit yesterday . 
  it just got worse by mismanagment . 
   a quarter of a trillion euros you understand the difference between loan and aid ? 
  and as i said , i wa n't talking about giving your budget to greece . 
   lastly , the situations are n't comparable . 
  ukraine is at war with russia . . you 're a , er , little bit skint . 
  hardly the same level of seriousness . 
  reapeating a third time that we do n't need uk foreign aid budget , but ukraine will eat through your 12 billion in a few months , most of them going to corrupt politicians and not to the people . 
  the problem is that eu govenrments know that , but they play it cool anyway , because you guessed it , fuck russia . 
  i 'm actualy living through this all . 
  reuters neutrality notwithstanding , tsipras should hush a little now . 
  the last two months we hear that the deal is close , but nothing changed . 
  i voted for tsipras and i believe that he tries to change the political climate , but at crucial times like these he should refrain from commenting . 
  he only fuels the fires of the new democracy by doing that . 
  they can now hold him accountable and say : `` you said the deal would come this week but it did n't , so you 're lying to the people '', 
  i quote / u/frankeh :  yeah , but it 's fun to wind up russia . 
  if they did n't want us shit stirring then maybe they should n't have killed litvinenko in such a ridiculously brazen way . 
  so it was his words , not mine . 
  i lived in ukraine not so long ago . 
  you could live there with 186 $ because the course of dollar to hryvnia was 1 to nine . 
  bread cost there about 3 hryvnia , or 0.3 dollars . 
  yet this is n't the case now . 
  invading country and other bullshit . 
  if you can not support your citizens , but you spend billion on a useless military , that 's bad governing and has nothing to do with invading countries . 
   and we should n't forget that this is an eu neighbour that affects eu quite a lot . 
  you actualy have a country inside eu that needs money to be kept afloat , but you would only give them if they impose harsh austerity measures , but you would give these money to ukraine for free . 
  so i stand by my statement , you would only do it just to fuck with russia , no other reason . 
  and as i said earlier , that 's the problem with today politics , we have people like you voting . 
  tsipras talks a whole lot . 
  maybe he could shut for a second , that would do him some good . 
  sure , spend money on a sinkhole like ukraine , and not to countries who actualy need them , just to fuck with russia . 
  that 's the problem with today politics , we have people like you voting . 
  true , they wo n't find who did it unless the missile had a large flag on it that did n't get destroyed , but whatever the result of the investigation will probably shed some light on the whole thing . 
  the dutch safety board mostly , but any will do at this point . 
  too many conflicting views as to what actually happened . 
  so , when can we finaly get our hands on the official report ? 
  it is n't for me . 
  [ here ] ( http://korrespondent.net/ukraine/politics/3521333-mynystr-ekolohyy-saakashvyly-naznachen-hubernatorom-odesskoi-oblasty ) is an alternative article , it 's in russian though but google can translate it . 
  also [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/37u9b1/exgeorgia_president_to_lead_ukraines_odessa_region/ ) is another reddit thread with more discussion . 
  he was acting president during 2008 south ossetia war . 
  as of 28 july 2014 , mikheil saakashvili is wanted by georgian authorities to be prosecuted for `` exceeding official powers '' ( [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikheil_saakashvili#legal_prosecution ) ) . 
  also i like how these `` putin 's leading critics '' are becoming known only when they die . 
  the greeks were the first to have colonies in crimea . 
  we should send glorious greek military protect greek minorities . 
  let 's hope it does . 
  but i think that guys like blatter do n't go down easily ... 
  blatter was not arrested , so that wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  mocking what homosexuals say is anti-gay . 
  yet mocking what russians say it 's not anti-russian . 
  good job , you 've created a paradox . 
  we will fill the fakelaki with souvlaki . 
  all countries will accept fakelaki then . 
  problem solved . 
  yeah , you did n't answer my last question . 
  and it is mocking russian propaganda , so yes , it is anti-russian . 
  and still you did n't understand my original point . 
  this being anti-russian does n't have anything to do with the fact that this is shitty content . 
  except that because of being anti-russian , it will be upvoted . 
  i would very much like to explain what is greece producing , but i do n't have that much time . 
  neither i said anything about hiring . 
  actually i do n't even understand where these questions come from and what you want to achieve . 
   how are you attracting foreign investors ? 
  with ouzo and souvlaki  are you making your country look trustworthy enough for investors and tourist to come ? 
  trust of investors depends on what jp morgan writes . 
  where were the investors before the crisis ? 
   are you making life easier for small and medium businesses ? 
  can we ? 
  please ? 
  that 's actually what one of the things the current government wants to achieve . 
  you can not make life easier when eu puts more and more taxes on them while keeping the economy in stasis . 
   are you reducing bureaucracy ? 
  we are . 
  but bureaucracy does not mean much . 
  see belgium for example .
