  the `` bashes russia '' part was not directed specifically at this post on purpose , though it was suggested . 
  however , anything that is anti-russian enforces the circlejerk wether it is bashing or just mildly-patting . 
  i wo n't even delve to the meaning of russophobia . 
  i did n't say anything like it and obviously you do n't know what `` phobia '' means . 
  as to the point i was making , anything that is against russia will be upvoted even if it has such a shitty content , but there will be always cryers that do n't want to see russian news here . 
  think about it this way . 
  what if an article was the same as yours but `` russia '' and `` ukraine '' were inverted . 
  would n't it be downvoted to oblivion ? 
  just it case you wonder , it would . 
  yeah , yesterday we had a thread about russia giving fire trucks to serbia and the comments revolved around `` why this is in / r/europe '' and `` who cares '' . 
  yet today we have a thread about a random kiev bar . 
  yet because it bashes russia , this has a place in / r/europe . 
  long live the circlejerk . 
  i would like to see this upvoted to the top , so we can see how lame this sub has become . 
  we were commited to those reforms , and they brought nothing . 
  only a pseudo-growth of gdp that was used as a chariot for new democracy to win the elections . 
   greece would have sent a dull smart guy in a decent suit and just suck europe 's dick and bring the people more suffering ? 
  yeah , that 's exactly why we did vote for syriza , so they do n't do that . 
  you are obviously quite oblivious about the situation in greece and stick to the `` we 're lazy but we want money '' narrative that your mass media sells you . 
  doing something at least . 
  i do n't want greece to go bankrupt , but what i do n't want even more is to be considered germany 's protectorate . 
  problem is , most people think that the current stalemate is brought by economical reasons . 
  unfortunately , the reason now is mostly political , since letting greece apply its suggested program would mean admitting that eu 's program failed . 
  if pondemos gains ground in spain , maybe the political climate will change . 
  man , i loved latvia . 
  this was the only original tune in this eurovision . 
  moscow times is to europe what russia today is to russians . 
   exports to eu members in eastern europe are not included in the data, 
  like this sub was n't a shitty circlejerk before , now we even have memes . 
  fucking great . 
  russia says so, 
   this is a country that tries so hard to be seem as a moral virtue against homosexuality and drug use and yet it has an astounding hiv rate . 
  that the comment i answered to . 
  focusing at homosexuality as a primary cause of hiv is fallacious . 
  and you can not do much about drug users , but you can promote healthy sexual relationships . 
  you do n't have to be a homosexual or a drug user to get hiv ... 
  greece here , rooting for finland too . 
  fuck those boring ballads . 
  where the fuck do you think you are ? 
  this is / r/europe . 
  we said he 's russian and you better fucking believe it . 
  if you do n't , take your critical thinking elsewhere . 
  there was n't any evidence that the nsa was spying on american citizens or germany . 
  only because snowden deserted , we learned the truth . 
  and maybe we get that kind of evidence , maybe we wo n't . 
  the main thing is however that this is a known us tactic during the cold war , so we ca n't rule it as impossible . 
  now , if it was n't a foreign power , would it mean that the opposition illegaly wiretapped those conversations ? 
  because that makes them a liability too . 
  who says that they are n't wiretapping normal people too ? 
  or the cause justifies the means ? 
  that 's what the nsa narrative has been for long . 
  anyway back to our topic . 
  the `` not everything revolves around the russia-us axis '' . 
  as long as we keep that as an axiom , we will get the same results . 
  indeed , not everything revolves around it , but a great deal does . 
  about the first part , i do n't understand macedonian and can not comment on that . 
  the implications are great but where were those recordings let 's say a year ago ? 
  why did they come now ? 
   and you 're implying that the protests are n't legitimate ? 
  i would n't say that . 
  but the timing is a little to convinient . 
  obviously the people have the right to pressure the government , there 's no denying that . 
   perhaps the opposition ( sdsm - zoran zaev ) was given the conversations by foreign intelligence ( as the pm claims ) , but beyond that there 's no real evidence of foreign involvement . 
  why would they get more involved ? 
  it would become obvious then . 
  they do n't need to actively provoke the population , they just stir the pot . 
  well , it 's even worse then , since the current pm was elected 4 times already , from 2006 and was re-elected on 2014 . 
  the current government was re-elected in 2014 , one year ago , so obviously people liked them . 
  what has changed ever since ? 
  new govenment in greece that approved the burgas-alexandrupoli branch . 
  because of that , two months ago russia desided to start building the ambo gaspipe , which is the other branch of the south stream pipeline , passing through macedonia ( fyrom ) . 
  obviously , some interested parties , do n't like that . 
  now , in this sub most people will tell me to wear a tin-foil hat , but here the truth : your defenders of peace are orchestrating coups left and right , just to destabilize the region and fuck with russia . 
  first ukraine , then this . 
  mark my words , the current macedonian government will be overthrown the same way the ukrainian one did . 
  first the government will `` ban protesting '' , then police will `` open fire '' killing some protestors and boom , president flees for his life . 
  people are just too blind to see that . 
  there were n't any international institutions nor treaties that could enforce reparations before the 20th century . 
  only the countries in question could do that . 
  greece could not enforce reparations on the ottoman empire , since they did n't have the power . 
  it is n't like greece remembered the reparations now . 
  they were asking for them before germany was even a untied nation . 
  it 's that germany always finds excuses to not give them . 
  well , of course there are different vesions of democracy now . 
  if a system works , many adopt it and then customize it . 
  the original democratic notion was that every voice can be heard and anyone can come up for leadership . 
  now however , due to gerrymandering in usa or fptp system in the uk , more votes dose n't mean direct representaion in numbers . 
  that 's not what democracy should have been , but we have to face today 's reality . 
  would n't say point , rather an inevitable outcome . 
  with disfunctional goverments . 
  you posted this in the wrong sub . 
  poroshenko is / r/europe 's anti-russian fidel castro, 
  well , op did n't state otherwise . 
  but people in this subreddit will not second-guess since it fits their `` russia is retarded '' narrative . 
  and having nato bases in our country is somehow better . 
  they only want to protect us in case of russian invasion ... turks invading cyprus ? 
  not their problem . 
  invading our airspace ? 
  whatever . 
  fyrom using our provinces ' name ?
