  now they will definately pay . 
  and just in case , increase the price of common goods . 
  one year . 
  i give it one year tops till shit hits the fan in greece , just mark my words . 
  did n't she say she 'll not become the president if samaras resigns ? 
  just to show she did n't have any personal interest in him resigning ? 
  we can give you [ imia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imia/kardak ) for 350bil . 
  you obviously have n't played payday ... 
  maybe . 
  still the question stands , which assets ? 
  are there clauses for them returning to greece ? 
  source ? 
  because if that 's true , we will probably have a new government next week . 
  edit : saw the source , only thing it was transfered to athens , not luxemburg . 
  and to get out of your house you must first watch 10 minutes of commercials ? 
  the economy is sustainable , the debt is not . 
  from 1 to 10 ? 
  i ca n't wait to see in how much shit we 'll be swimming ... 
  this guy must be a real hit at parties . 
  jeroen dijsselbloem , a typically gloomy fella , lights up every time he sees tsakalotos . 
  the greeks did it !, 
  no pants either . 
  just your spear , shield and a red cape . 
  underpants are for pussies , go commando . 
  no , but i shaved my balls . 
  that has to count for something . 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
   equivalent amount of work done with 120 billion eurobucks today what ? 
  indeed, 
  the marshall plan ( officially the european recovery program , erp ) was an american initiative to aid europe , in which the united states gave $ 13 billion ( approximately $ 120 billion in current dollar value ) it should have said , marshall plan money given to greece . 
  by your way of thinking , syriza should not pay for anything because they did n't borrow any money . 
  verhofstadt supported three governments who brought us to this position and now he 's lashing out on the only the only people who try to solve this fuck-up, 
  come and get them !, 
  the proposed reforms did n't work and wo n't miraculously start working now . 
  you know how to read charts ? 
  despite 2 memorandums the line still goes down with the same rate as before . 
  that means no change . 
  yes , contextually it was . 
  did n't see the context . 
  the obvious answer is , romania does n't have islands ? 
  edit : did not read the context before replying . 
  oh romania ate potatoes and had so many people die of starvation . 
  let 's do this on greece and see if it works . 
  revenge economics , great thing for a union . 
  not gon na comment on comparing greece to romania , or any other country . 
  [ please read this ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2015/05/16/we-definitely-shouldnt-believe-the-greek-budget-figures-they-dont-have-a-surplus/ ) or read a basic economics book . 
  every normal freshman economist would laugh at your statements . 
  because of them telling us what to do . 
  https://www.google.gr/#q=greek+debt https://www.google.gr/#q=greek+gdp can you tell me your perspective again ? 
  they do n't have the responsibility to manage greece , but they can tell greece what to do ? 
  either do both , or do neither . 
   185 tax auditors not hired because those 185 people would save the country . 
  please spare me every redundand policy you can find and blame the failure on it . 
  eu demanded cuts in wages/pensions/government positions/workers rights and at the same time rised taxes/prices . 
  you do n't have to be an economist to understand why it did n't work . 
  let 's be realistic . 
  a marshall plan ca n't happen . 
  inside a union every member has its hands tied one way or another . 
  outside of it is another story . 
  yes , but that does n't untie our hands . 
  that was actually proposed by varoufakis . 
  random `` lotery '' checks to stores . 
  nobody in the eu saw it as a solution . 
  please proof-read . 
  everything you said made absolutely no sense . 
   now that they have their hands free what ? 
  but greece did reforms , which did n't work and we still kept sleepwalking towards a grexit . 
  he 's just getting angry for the sake of the show . 
  it 's not like we do n't know verhofstadt all these years . 
  as a metaphor it stands correct though . 
  on one side you have the prosperous countries and on the other the `` pariahs '' in an institute that should have been toghether on all levels . 
   i am angry because we have been sleepwalking towards a grexit for 5 yrs now and now we are running towards it with our eyes open this is his whole quote and one question comes to mind . 
  why did n't you say something all these 5 years ? 
  why do you get angry now when the time is alrady past that ? 
  we also have those . 
  unfortunately we ca n't have an active station on every island , so suprise checks are hard to accomplish . 
  what do you mean by enforcing ? 
  having a guy sit all day at every store and watch the transactions ? 
  most stores give receipts , but some do n't . 
  the only way to correct the second ones is by either refusing to pay without receipt or report them to authorities . 
  now , if you are a tourist , you do n't have an obligation to do the later , but asking for a receipt is quite easy . 
  begging is opposite of fighting . 
  i did not tell you to beg . 
  you are in a humanitarian crisis , but if you 're not willing to fight for it , that 's your own problem . 
  damn savages, 
  if he has no idea , i do n't know anyone else who does . 
  greek macedonian , not fake macedonian, 
  i am not advocating you being swarmed with refugees . 
  i advocate wealthier countries organize an active defense against refugees . 
  if we keep it with this rate we will have an enormous crisis on our hands . 
  alexander the great did a lot of things to fuck up the area , also rome . 
  so we and the italians should get all the refugees . 
  this checks out . 
  there is a law for people living in different areas to change their voting place . 
  it can be done online . 
  he just was n't arsed to do it . 
  savings book . 
  not use a credit card like everyone else in line . 
  but use a savings book . 
  you know what would happen if the banks closed in any civilized country like germany or holland ?
