  if a coup fails , a civil war may ensue . 
  sudden and illegal seizure of a government - check instigated by a small group of the existing state establishment - yeap a coup d'\u00e9tat is considered successful when the usurpers establish their dominance - that 's what happened , partly . 
  which leads to : if a coup fails , a civil war may ensue - donbass region etc. 
  three points here : 1 . 
  you are not strong enough to stop the russians , do n't delude yourselves . 
  conquering ukraine would be a stupid move , not because they ca n't do it , but because the costs outweigh the benefits . 
  it 's better for them to lock the east in constant battle . 
  nationalization of enterpises is something that the russian federation does on their own soil . 
  crimea is their soil now , whether you like it or not . 
  it is not illegal for them now . 
  it 's good that you do n't forget . 
  you should always remember what are the costs of staging a coup . 
  i 'm ready now !, 
  mix ukrainian in my set of languages and i 'm a prime candidate . 
  do you have a telephone number or something , i need to call these guys . 
  so by `` under putin '' you mean during his presidency . 
  most of them were killed in chechnya . 
  an about the politicians , it 's even more vague since it covers all russia 's modern history . 
  good that you wrote a whole wall of test and did n't actually answer my question . 
   kill every opposition so i suppose you mean nemtsov , who probably was n't killed by putin , since he held no actual power , getting 0 seats in duma . 
  who are the other guys of the `` opposition '' who putin `` killed '' ? 
  exactly . 
  i mean , look what happened in ukraine last year . 
  we gave you the gift of civilization , maybe you give some gifts back to us , eh ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ some ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ bread ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ would ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fine ... 
  there is [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sergei_ivanov ) . 
  i know there is not much talk about him , however he is definitely putin 's wildcard . 
  if something happens to putin , i 'm pretty sure this guy will be his successor . 
  write some letters from time to time though , do n't forget us . 
  at this point is either being poor , or being poor on your own terms . 
  mostly because it will pave the ground for other countries concidering it . 
  money is not the problem . 
  we just default on payments . 
  a ) i 100 % agree with you . 
  b ) we want to leave eu , eu does n't allow us to leave . 
  which loan/low interest/food does not go to the people , it goes to the creditors . 
  not a cent of this money actually `` feeds '' us . 
  i will quote myself from yesterday :  it 's not feeding if you expect food in return . 
  yeah , i obviously drew that analogy too far . 
  you are correct , i was talking about the loans themselves . 
  lending money below the market price is only logical if you are part of the eu . 
  otherwise you are not solving any problems . 
  maybe , venezuela souds tasty, 
  wait , so are you saying greece is getting free food ? 
  so like , every sandwich eaten reduces our sandwich ownage by one ? 
  if that was the case we could repay our debt in a few years . 
  honestly though , that analogy is invalid . 
  you are not getting fed when the food is taken from your hads immidiately . 
  it 's not feeding if you expect food in return . 
  editorializing , in any form , is unacceptable . 
  if the newspaper did it , not putting the actual news ( that suspects were caught ) in the title , shame on them too . 
  real title : two are charged in killing of boris y. nemtsov the part about the suspect that killed himself , 9th paragraph :  a sixth suspect blew himself up with a hand grenade on saturday night as the police closed in on his apartment in the southern city of grozny , the capital of the republic of chechnya , the interfax news agency reported . 
  good to see the circlejerk is still going strong in this subreddit . 
  mostly because those sanctions fuck our economy more than they do with russia . 
  you have two different events in the same sentence . 
   did maidan start an uprising and civil war obviously it did , coups do that sometimes . 
   with weapons supplied by another country no , though if you reword it as `` foreign support '' it stands correct for both the ukrainian and pro-russian seperatists . 
  none of the side had foreign weapons in the start . 
  pro-russian seperatists got russian weapons later . 
  you see , i do n't want europe to have a preferential treatment to a country just because i 'm an interested party . 
  that would be unethical . 
  corruption and citizen 's rights . 
  in a country where a whole political party was forced into retiring and the communist party was simply banned . 
  the paragraphs about corruption and citizens ' rights are really laughable . 
  nobody living in ukraine would believe that . 
  i think you did n't understand my attitude . 
  i have no problem with ukrainians coming to europe and i know the problems that you mention first-hand . 
  a friend of mine from ukraine is trying to travel to greece for almost 3 years now . 
  however , i do n't see why the visa regime has to change now . 
  ukraine has done nothing good to deserve it . 
   the current government decided to follow it through so can you show me what exactly has the current government done to move things up ? 
  hardly . 
  ukraine was getting the `` you are not a reliable partner '' for years , and no chapters were closed the following years since euromaidan . 
  in fact many new chapters would be opened , but they did n't since ukraine is pro-eu now, 
  but we are assholes . 
  we kept the same visa standards all these years , and now just because ukraine said a big `` fuck you '' to russia we just accept them . 
  officially russia was n't the reason of the visa restrictions , but corruption and poor economy of ukraine , and now those two issues are much worse . 
  also , why the fuck should we let ukrainians flow into europe now ? 
  ukraine of today is more corrupt , more bankrupt and in bigger turmoil than it was two years ago . 
  or do we let them just because they stuck it up to russians ? 
  this seems more like kindergarten politics . 
  well , either you have the guts to do it , or stay at home and stfu . 
  yeah , sure . 
  putin really felt threatened from a 18-year old with a ukrainian t-shirt and had to kill him . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  i 'm not talking about this referendum . 
  i 'm talking about the one in 92 . 
  but it obviously does n't matter for you , because you are biased and cherrypick facts . 
  so yes , as you said , it does n't matter cause your opinion does n't matter . 
  who was ukrainian . 
  during the soviet union . 
  he gave it to the ukrainian ssr and had no meaning since it was still in ussr and nothing changed . 
  obviously everyone cared when the ussr tumbled down and crimeans wanted to be autonomous . 
  so they did a referendum . 
  and ukraine repressed it . 
  crimea was not ukrainian . 
  it was an autonomous republic . 
  and they were bound under ukraine because they suppressed a referendum in 92 . 
  so in the end local citizens are the ones to decide under whose rule they want to be . 
  there were like maximum 20 ukrainian soldiers killed in crimea .
