  what do you mean give ideas ? 
  we are already taxed even if we declare 0 yearly income . 
  it 's not called `` social paracite '' tax , but the notion is the same . 
  yeah , why did n't you think that the invasion of kosovo was a risk for a world war ? 
  oh yes , because nato did it . 
  russia had a war start at its borders , nato invaded yugoslavia just because they wanted to fuck with russia . 
  remember that time before the south ossetian war broke out ? 
  remember a missile wall that nato wanted to build ? 
  maybe remember against whom where they building it ? 
  that 's right , a country that had no potential of firing missiles and they knew it . 
  in fact they actively sabotaged it . 
  so i stand by my statement . 
  nato will always exist , and it wo n't be because of russia , it will be because of terrorists/communists/aliens etc. 
  they will find a reason . 
   according to notes made by an american at a meeting between russian generals and us officials -- and seen by the times newspaper - moscow threatened a `` spectrum of responses from nuclear to non-military '' if nato moved more forces into lithuania , latvia and estonia . 
  according to notes , ok . no context , no real source , standard procedure . 
  nato exists because you believe it should exist . 
  it existed during the cold war , because of a presumed threat of the soviet union . 
  it existed through its collapse . 
  it existed when russia was a worse shithole than it is now and will exist forever . 
  nato exists for three main reasons : a ) force projection b ) money c ) control even if russia just dissapears one day , nato will still exist . 
  so , stop fighting and paying war-taxes ? 
  because you have the moral high ground to stand by the `` we repay our debts '' motto ? 
  a misunderstanding on that part there . 
  unfortunately , to be realistic , default would be a better option for ukraine and for greece . 
   ukraine is used to repaying the loans unlike some other countries . 
  are you just playing dumb or do you have memory problems ? 
  well if you do n't like it , stop using it . 
  external debt was 142,000,000,000 back in march 2014 . 
  let 's see what numbers you will hit this year . 
   which has 4 times less population that 's why you count the nominal gdp , and boy you 're gon na be surprised in how much of a better position we are . 
  still though , my country has nothing to do with the argument . 
  what counter-argument would you put to a german or an american telling you the same ? 
  [ new york times article from 9 hours ago ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/26/world/europe/germanwings-airbus-crash.html )  at the crash site , a senior official working on the investigation said , workers found the casing of the plane 's other so-called black box , the flight data recorder , but the memory card containing data on the plane 's altitude , speed , location and condition was not inside , apparently having been thrown loose or destroyed by the impact . 
  i could n't find any source that says otherwise . 
  can you please provide any if you have ? 
  you current gen ukrainians always seem to be turning my country as a counter-argument . 
  fallacious as always , and what 's worse you use it wrong . 
  do n't make such large statements before you think a little . 
  maybe you repay those 50bil rubles that russia gave you before the coup ? 
  or even better , just pay for gas ? 
  at least use tu quoque when you have the upper hand . 
  wait , did they find the recorder ? 
  i thought they only found the voice module but the memcard of the recorder is still missing . 
  from the article about the loan :  the disbursement will be tied to ukraine pledging structural reforms to tackle problems that contributed to the current crisis . 
  so what are the problems that contributed to the current crisis ? 
  what the article mentions later :  terms for the loan still need to be agreed by the eu and ukraine in a memorandum of understanding which commits ukraine to a reform programme designed to remedy the accumulated fundamental weaknesses that helped to cause the current deficit . 
   the draft deal includes public finance management reforms , anti-corruption measures , tax administration changes ; reforms in the energy and financial sectors ; and measures to improve the business environment . 
  now , the problems arose with the current government . 
  even if they existed before they were not serious enough to overpower ukraine 's economy and tank it . 
  what does eu say ? 
  we know that you are more corrupt than the previous government , have $ 1.8 billion to fix that corruption ? 
  that loan is just patchwork and wo n't fix anything really . 
  good luck repaying it yourselves by the way . 
  should n't they be rejoicing ? 
  now russia can provide the rebels without having to hide anything . 
  yeap , that 's good . 
  also [ here is your peaceful president ] ( http://www.moldova.org/poroshenko-ukraine-will-help-romania-to-unfreeze-the-conflict-of-transnistria/ ) who is not a dictator and would let a referendum happen . 
  i like how you use the fallacy against my country and indirectly on me , but get offended when i call you a imbecile . 
  because you are offended does n't mean it is n't true . 
  all my arguments stand even without calling you an imbecile , i just wanted you to understand how anyone feels about you when they read your comments . 
  of course , we remember about freedom of press only when russia disregards it . 
  please , compare greece to ukraine even more . 
  i like it how we we are still at 44th place and you are on 106th for gdp ( ppp ) . 
  and that was in 2013 , one of the worst years for greece and ukraine was n't in the position it is now . 
  i want to see you talk when you reach sub-african standards , nigeria is not far away . 
  maybe we start seeing ukrainian princes flooding our e-mails in the future , who knows . 
  completely personal bias , [ read wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autonomous_republic_of_crimea#an_independent_ukraine ) and see for yourself how you removed the crimean president and changed their constitution . 
  i stand by my statement , you would n't let land go because you are not a civilized nation . 
  and then your words actually show how much of an imbecile you are . 
  `` after having ousted a dictator '' . 
  i really laughed at this because i actually lived in ukraine when this dictator was on his post . 
  and i have relatives living in a dictaror-free ukraine right now . 
  are you paying a military tax or not ? 
  was n't your payment cut by a quarter or not ? 
  is n't your currency plummeting right now or not ? 
  when all this happened ? 
  it was when you staged a coup and disposed that dictator . 
  so you are in a far shitier position right now , yet i do n't see you organizing at the maidan . 
  that is because you do n't care if a dictator rules you as long as he is your dictator . 
  ukraine is not spain , it 's not scotland , hell i do n't even think ukraine to be a `` european '' country . 
  just for the record i do n't greece a european country . 
  ukraine with its corruption would never let land go peacefully and history showed that . 
  the armed takeover happened later , there were protests before , but nobody gave attention to them , since ukraine was busy with a coop and they failed to address that issue . 
  but who would allow crimea to conduct a referendum ? 
  do n't forget that ukraine barred crimea from having its own president , let alone join another country . 
  why did n't they conduct a referendum in donetsk and lugansk when the areas were peacefully demanding it ? 
  ukraine would n't allow a referendum in their previous state , let alone this one . 
  so you are saying that the maidan was aiming to overthrow the government from the beginning ? 
  i thought it was for the europe trade agreement ... 
  so which authority should i cite ? 
  the western media , western politicians or obama ? 
  just because they are not calling it a coup , that does n't mean that it is n't . 
  that 's why definitions exist , so nobody can call something what it is n't and the opposite . 
  well , then you would just have one more maniac with nuclear weapons in your neighbourhood . 
  nothing would change really , russia can stop nuclear missiles from reaching moscow . 
  ukraine ca n't do that for kiev . 
  since they 've done nothing remarkable in the donbass region , i will stand by my statement . 
  from wikipedia : a coup d'\u00e9tat ( / \u02ccku\u02d0de\u026a\u02c8t\u0251\u02d0 / ( about this sound listen ( help \u00b7 info ) ) ; french : blow of state ; plural : coups d'\u00e9tat ) , also known as a coup , a putsch , or an overthrow , is the sudden and illegal seizure of a government , usually instigated by a small group of the existing state establishment to depose the established government and replace it with a new ruling body . 
  a coup d'\u00e9tat is considered successful when the usurpers establish their dominance .
