  the others surrendered or joined russia . 
  oh god . 
  as soon as the conversation turns to germans , you know you are in a dead end . 
  sorry mate , not the same thing . 
  it would be invasion if the locals fought back . 
  which obviously they did not . 
  yes , there were . 
  because of the contract signed between ukraine and russia allowing them to keep up to max 300.000 military personnel in crimea ? 
  apples and oranges, 
   russia invaded ukraine what ? 
  the russian army is present in ukraine but it does n't mean they invaded ukraine . 
  anyway , the current affairs have nothing to do with the bond , since it was issued way before the government was overthrown . 
  and if ukraine wants to continue using the services provided by the russian government , they have to pay . 
  oh , stop being sore losers ... 
  the report does n't say who did it and the investigation by bellingcat is a joke . 
  most evidence are circumstantial at best . 
  there is no neutral media anymore . 
  there is no journalism . 
  there are no unbiased sources . 
  even if i could agree that the osce is unbiased sometimes ( very rarely ) , do n't bring un into this . 
  un a big chunk of its funding by the us government , and they never say no to us demands . 
  what is obvious after mh17 ? 
  they still have n't released the official report , and the preliminary one does n't contain any info as to who brought down the plane . 
  well , of course they would say that the russian army is fighting in ukraine . 
  if bbc quoted russian sources they would say that russians are not fighting in ukraine and russian weapons were not shipped to rebels . 
  quoting one side exclusively is kinda biased , so that goes out of the window . 
  ok , so does bbc state that the russian army is fighting in ukraine ? 
  i do n't read russia today . 
  you seem like an informed individual , can you share with me which news outlet should i get my information from ? 
  because it was n't the russian army , but russian-assisted rebels ? 
  greek here . 
  hold your horses , buddy . 
  no , it wo n't, 
  yes , and you also contribute to nato and other useless purposes , but i do n't see you crying about those . 
  so , how much did you , as a taxpayer , has given to greece ? 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  even if russia said they have troops , nobody would care . 
  at this point it is considered as fact from the rest of the world , so he may as well tell him to fuck off . 
   we had to financially support greeks and their living standard so , how much money did you give from your pocket ? 
  if you are under the assumption that you paid even a penny to greeks , you are wrong . 
  the money given were through a mechanism that involved banks . 
  you have given nothing to greeks , and greeks received nothing from you . 
   assad gassing his own people which is one of the greatest international war crimes one can commit , committing genocide many times - and you 're more concerned over sovereignty ... and this coming from a european . 
  have a read the [ un report ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghouta_chemical_attack#un_ghouta_area_report )  the report , which was `` careful not to blame either side , '' said that during the mission 's work in areas under rebel control , `` individuals arrived carrying other suspected munitions indicating that such potential evidence is being moved and possibly manipulated . '', 
  the un investigators were accompanied by a rebel leader . 
  basically , even the un is not naming the perpetrator , and they lean towards the rebel side carrying out the attack . 
  which was later found to bear `` same unique hallmarks '' as the [ khan al-assal chemical attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khan_al-assal_chemical_attack ) , that was carried against the syrian government . 
  but of course , you know best . 
  indeed , only on reddit . 
  they do n't become . 
  west ukrainians were like that since before the fall of the soviet union . 
  and because kyiv is predominately inhabited by them , things like maidans happen . 
  i just simplified it , the conclusion is the same . 
   primary deficit yes , it 's like saying i have 1000 $ in my pocket , while i owe 100000 to a bank . 
  primary deficit is n't an interesting number as it doens ' t show much . 
  if you reduce deficit by taking loans to be paid in 10 years , leads to nothing good and was in fact greece 's tactic before the crisis , which brought it in the first place . 
  are you sure ? 
  [ greek deficit since 2004 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=teina200 ) . 
  seems to me , the deficite after 2008 only increased and you 'll say that it started to decrease . 
  but . 
  greek debt , the actuall cause of the 2008 greek debt crisis has gone up from 112 % in 2008 to 175 % . 
  what really did the austerity measures accomplished : * the deficit is still very big * the debt is even higher * incomes were cut * pensions were cut * unemployment went up so , what was the positive effect of these measures ? 
   each of those packages has succeeded in cutting expenses more than it cut income so , care to elaborate a little ? 
  but , but , [ austerity works ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirteenth_austerity_package_\\ ( greece \\ ) ) ... 
  i mean , after the thrirteenth you 'd think someone would notice that they have taken a wrong approach . 
  a ) 2.8 million traditionaly pro-west is not a good representative chuck of the population . 
  b ) if you can go one month without paying your debts , good for you . 
  but saying that more than 500k people can do so , for 6 months is somewhat dubious . 
  which brings me to ... c ) like i said , those demonstations are always funded . 
  so as we * can be sure * that the eastern war is funded by the russians , we can also be sure that the euromaidan was funded by someone with lots of money . 
   the demonstrations in eastern ukraine were far , far smaller than in kiev . 
  and if you 're talking about the war we all know that there is a huge contingent of russians involved . 
  yeah , because the euromaidan was changing their reason for demonstration every month . 
  and then it turned violent . 
  what would you expect ? 
  an anti-euromaidan demonstration ? 
  that makes no sense . 
   too bad nato was too afraid of conflict to end this war before it even started with overwhelming force . 
  you 're right about that . 
  we would be reminded that nato is not for protection , but just to support agendas . 
   eu - ukrainian relations getting better is obviously positive for the economy in every imaginable way i do n't see how it is obvious , but ok let 's accept that . 
   additionally i ca n't understand what your argument is when russian aggression was clearly harmful to ukraine regardless of the extent of the damage . 
  that was not my argument . 
  you intrerpeted it that way . 
  my argument was that `` russian aggression '' * was not ** the main ** cause of ukraine 's economic downfall . 
  and for people who insist that it is , there is a solution . 
  ukraine should withrdraw their troops and adhere to the minsk ii agreement . 
  then we will see how much ukraine 's economy blossoms . 
  * i do n't agree with the definition , if we talk about the east regions . 
  it 's like saying that usa aiding syrian rebels is usa aggression , which obviously nobody does . 
   to avoid being arrested and tried for murder or you know , just being murdered himself . 
  the guys that stormed his mansion were armed . 
   who used russian soldiers to murder ukrainian protesters what ? 
  source ? 
  honestly , your whole rant is ridiculus . 
  but i should have known comming from a guy who commented `` slava ukraini '' . 
  not going to waste any more time on you . 
  same can be said about anything . 
  energy , airports , docks etc. 
  if a government is forced to sell its infrastructure to foreign investors , it 's a bad sign .
