yeah , would have thought / r/europe would be more intelligent about it . 
  nope ... 
  no , not like crimea . 
  wikipedia posts the attacking side first, 
   eu has been silent and allowed aggression to happen in abkhazia and osetia . 
  what ? 
  have you read anything about the conflict ? 
  georgia was the aggressor , even if russia was accused in the first days . 
  that 's why eu has been silent . 
  an stop your fear-mongering . 
  ukraine will not fall , nobody cares about western ukraine . 
  you will always be govened by a corrupt govenment , wether he 's pro-russia or pro-west . 
  that 's because you would n't know better . 
  the potential development has little to do with corruption ratings . 
  ukraine is a rich land , probably one of the richest in europe if exploited property . 
  no country changed their corruption rating overnight and none of them reduced it significantly . 
  i do n't see how ukraine will manage to do that being one of the worst countries in corruption worldwide . 
  now , speaking about poland , do n't be fooled by the current growth . 
  every country which is now in regression showed significant growth after adopting the euro currency . 
  the ordeal for poland , bulgaria etc. 
  is far from over and it remains to be seen what the outcome will be . 
  i am also a supporter of a slower eu integration . 
  the european idea can not be adopted overnight ( or in some cases ever ) and its adoption by ukraine will be the hardest eu ever faced . 
  there are n't many examples where a country fully adopted european ideals . 
  everyone is misguided by the idea that integration means infinite resources till the end of time . 
  the current crisis proved it . 
  i believe that the eu should now stick to healing its current economy before trying to expand . 
  such a stretch may cause irreversible damage . 
  change the society to what ? 
  spain , portugal , italy , greece . 
  none of these countries significantly improved their corruption ratings after joining the eu , what makes you believe that ukraine wo n't follow in their footsteps ? 
  when the politic scene is corrupt to the core , values have nothing to do with it . 
  well , they had a prime minister with western values , [ obviously ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_in_ukraine#corruption_perceptions_index_ratings ) the corruption rates were not any lower . 
  problem is , many people think that the protesters depict the majority of what the ukrainian population wants . 
  fact is , they are n't even as half as the population who thinks that ukraine should side with russia . 
  traditionally eastern ukraine ( aka the industrial part ) is actually more favorable to russia . 
  everyone speaks russian there , even in villages . 
  western ukraine however ( including kiev ) always hated russia and though themselves being more of european than slavic decent . 
  also more people there speak ukrainian ( not clear ukrainian i might add , it 's a mix of ukrainian , russian and polish languages ) . 
  now , if we talk about ukrainian economy , it is one of the weakest in europe . 
  by eu membership standards , ukraine will never have a chance to become a member . 
  even if europe will allow membership it is just a mater of time before ukraine 's economy crumbles and becomes another dead-weight . 
  please read [ this article ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/ukraine-protests-what-you-need-to-know-2013-12 ) , just to get a better grasp of what 's going on in ukraine at the moment . 
  yeap , they lit it just yesterday, 
  it does snow a little most years , some years are heavier , though it happens once a decade . 
  today the olympic flame passed through our city and there was a ceremony . 
  people fainted because of the heat ... 
  did you really though ? 
  where did you live exactly and what job were you trying to apply to ? 
  i 'm just curious . 
  i 'm sorry for you guys , i feel for you . 
  i lived in ukraine for a couple of years and the weather got me down . 
  ok , brb though got ta take a dive in the aegean now . 
  simply , you ca n't create , export or import military hardware without answering to the government . 
  every international transaction of military hardware happens with the consent of government officials . 
  problem is , the submarine scandal happened before the greek debt crisis became well known to the public . 
  basically , germany knowingly sold broken submarines to a country that was evidently at its heels from an economic standpoint . 
  also the minister of defense ( akis tsohatzopoulos ) at the time when the contracts were signed is now in prison . 
  although he is trialled for another scandal involving german company ( siemens scandal ) . 
  he was one of the first `` black sheep '' to be made example of after greece started fighting corruption . 
  well , there is a problem with defining `` mass production '' here . 
  yes , it is widely available in the market , however the current quantities wo n't be able to cover demand in case someone starts producing graphene transistors en masse . 
  since graphene gained popularity not so long ago ( by scientific standards ) , it has n't been widely tested in practice . 
  however it 's potential is phenomenal , and it is speculated that we could see a total conversion from silicon to graphene by 2020 . 
  it really depends on what method of manufacturing you are using . 
  there are more than five to say at least . 
  since the article does n't state what method is used , i ca n't really confirm or rebuke the possibility of causing health problems . 
  and a great investment it is . 
  graphene has been proved to be exponentially better than silicon . 
  only problem is , it is not produced in big quantities yet because of its high cost . 
  about the greek , i think it was hospitality . 
  i also had trouble remembering it . 
  i love the greek language . 
  \u03a7\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03c5\u03b3\u03b5\u03bd\u03bd\u03b1 is literally translated as christ 's birthday . 
  yes, 
  prominent opposition figure was the word used . 
  anyone can lead a march . 
  my friends lead anti-austerity marches in the past this does n't make me them prominent opposition figures . 
  in fact they were n't even involved in politics . 
   prominent opposition figure he faded into obscurity many years ago , his only real activity was supporting ukrainian politicians who ran against yanukovych . 
  i would n't call him a prominent opposition figure , he was n't even relevant these years . 
  for the other part you are mostly correct 50,000 is a comparatively small number in my books . 
  syriza signed the 3rd memorandum and got reelected while shaking of the rogue members . 
  unless a big scandal happens , the next elections will be in 4 years . 
  what i 've learned from all these elections is that exit polls do n't mean shit . 
  do n't know if you 're kidding or not , buy syriza is not a communist party . 
  i would n't even call them a leftist party . 
  it was recently uncancelled though ... 
  and now we have choose the lesser evil again . 
  because there are still dickheads ( ~ 50 % of the electorate ) who vote like fucking football fans . 
  i was watching a western documentary about nord-ost , ca n't remember the name . 
  it was said that they used a top-secret gas agent and the main operation was carried out without a single civilian casualty . 
  the blame falls on medics and firefighters who mishandled the people during extraction + the miscommunication with the authorities on how to proceed with the patients . 
  because the operation was happening so fast , people were driven in different hospitals , some of them smaller , that did n't know what happened and just reported unconscious patients . 
  mechanical ventilation and/or treatment with opioid antagonists would have been life-saving for many or all victims , they just did n't know . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , they did not disregard human life , they just fucked-up with the aftermath . 
  do n't get me wrong , incompetence is still bad , but at least it was n't their intention . 
   itt : russian shills using a well known discussion derailing technique whereby they try to make idiotic claims that us is as bad or even worse than russia . 
  as long as you are presented with facts , of course it suddenly is n't relevant . 
  well , let 's see : * two nuclear bombs dropped on civilians * most installed dictators in different regions , including south america , africa and europe * most conflicts in the 21st century * many human rights infringements ( torture , illegal detention , etc. ),
