do n't make up stuff as it suits you . 
  the article never said anything abut an isis flag , only an arabic one . 
  and it 's irrelevant anyways . 
  there are a lot of things that are legal , yet still can make me nervous , does n't make them illegal . 
  you know , even if it was some kind of arabic flag , why should anyone care ? 
  when did it become illegal ? 
  i will teach you . 
  nah , if anything i think we might not like your imported food . 
  we 're cool with everything else . 
  do not cheat with sunset ... , 
  not sure what we 're so happy about . 
  russians : we have tanks !!, 
  czechs : not anymore , we have gypsies ... 
  you really can not compare the beer . 
  that 's like the only thing we have cheap . 
  i 'm not sure what 's in the consumer basket , but clothing for example is way more expensive than everywhere else , electronics as well , not sure about the food and groceries ... 
  yeah . 
  js was technically and logically right , but the joke was really convoluted and easy to misunderstood . 
  while you are right and i understand what the joke was actually about , js made a huge mistake in delivering the joke in a really bad way . 
  he emphasized parts which he should n't and did not emphasize stuff where he should , so the actual joke got misunderstood , and the true target of the satire got lost deep inside those invectives and i 'm not even surprised . 
  so if i write down ` kuusi palaa ` without any context , what will you imagine ? 
  just do n't brag with 15 + . 
  put 12.16 on the showcase . 
  spoiler : they have n't . 
  tired that a few days ago . 
  went back to 12.16 with speed not yet seen before . 
  15 happened . 
  numbers of those brave that still hold 12.16 dear to our heart are dwindling , those pragmatical switched to firefox and those masochistic upgraded to that chrome-in-red-pajamas-called-opera-15 . 
  wait ... what ? 
  no , geographical, 
  really ? 
  greece to the western e ? 
  i think you hit the nail . 
  for some reason i hate when people just forget about central europe and lump us to the eastern one . 
  amateurs, 
  to be honest * \u010derven\u00fd * is general name for red . 
  * rud\u00fd * is more of a extended color for women and is actually physically different , not only semantically . 
  i 've never used * rud\u00e1 * to describe the color in our flag . 
  not that unexpected unfortunately, 
  not sure about netherlands , but here , the cucumber season ( time ) means the time of summer , when politicians are on vacation , and reporters do n't have anything to report and are constructing ridiculous news just for the sake of news . 
  i 'm pretty much all the time on en ( well ... kinda ) qwerty keyboard and do n't use qwertz anymore . 
  rub it in ... 
  i actually had no idea . 
  well ... kinda . 
  we have both d\u011bvka and d\u00edvka . 
  the first one is whore , she second one is a girl . 
  i mean , we do have some share of problems , but so does basically everybody else too . 
  all in all , i 'd say czech rep. is quite decent . 
  disregarding the fact that you 'd have to learn pretty hard language . 
  at least you 're not misspelled ... 
  that 's interesting . 
  you understand slovak better than czech ? 
  does it work both ways ? 
  i would have serious problems with polish , do slovaks understand poles somewhat well ? 
  not even ussr was communist . 
  communism was considered a peak which society has not reached yet . 
  what was present was called socialism . 
  so the prague spring was an attempt to make socialism as it was present more humane . 
  hey , keep those spiders away from us . 
  for some reason , i hate lidl with passion, 
  minimum wage means fuck nothing . 
  stop using that as a meaningful statistic . 
  you need to think far deeper in the history . 
  the holy roman empire !, 
  there are three variables - tv license , commectials and government grants . 
  why did n't you simply map them to rgb values us beyond me . 
  yes , dave . 
  [ the plan is coming along nicely ... ] ( http://www.cinequanon.it/web/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/kingsman-banner.jpg ), 
  i do n't really consider slovaks as foreign , sort of . 
  we were together for almost a hundred years , and calling them a minority feels weird and rude . 
  you 're like brothers . 
  you 're always welcome and make yourself at home . 
  well , you 're right that we do n't say `` federal republic of germany '' or `` republic of poland '' either but simply germany and poland , or myriads of other states , but czechia sounds extremely weird . 
  if i remember correctly , it even used to be some kind of football club in prague . 
  it 's quite common to call czech republic with it 's fullname czech equivalent '' \u010cesk\u00e1 republika '' , and '' \u010cesko '' which english equivalent would indeed be czechia is also quite common , but it 's not the case when talking in english . 
  just one of our ministers . 
  and just because of that news , everybody has started calling us that . 
  it 's gotten pretty bad . 
  the issue was with the english term . 
  / u/lebor summes it up here [ pretty ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4hmii0/what_americans_ask_about_europe/d2r53ax ) nicely . 
  czechy just uses polish digraph on the czech word . 
  well , ` czech republic ' uses it too ... i 'm honestly not sure where it started . 
  honestly , i never knew that `` czech republic '' would be such an issue that it has to be changed just for the sake of change . 
  no , it 's a despicable term . 
  i really hate it . 
  once you can into space , then stronk, 
  baka, 
  plural of anime is anime ... ... ... 
  oh , he would like us to be the east germany ... again ... 
  wow , way to rub it in . 
  no , no , do n't let it catch on . 
  it 's still time ... burn it with fire !!, 
  you know , what needs to be done , right ? 
  pca and clustering . 
  would be really interesting . 
  got any raw data ? 
  but that 's not the problem of websites when they use the tools available to them . 
  it 's the problem of web browsers that provide those apis that gives access to that private information . 
  make a push for browser developers to let you , as a user , decide , what info you want to share with others . 
  do n't solve it via some stupid eu directive .
