  no , that would be really stupid . 
  stop those restrictions . 
  in the same vein when the users can block whatever the fuck we want , websites should also be able to block whatever the fuck they want . 
  i just wo n't visit them . 
  it 's up to them ( that way they wo n't get even the secondary exposure from me ) . 
  let the free market decide and do n't restrict and warp that freedom . 
  please , do n't ... 
  i hate it too . 
  our country has always been the weird one without short name in english . 
  it 's always been czech republic . 
  i understand that some might find it strange when we say france and not the french republic or when we say germany and not the federal republic of germany , but that 's how it has always been . 
  when spoken , it does n't take much longer to pronounce czech republic . 
  but i hate the word czechia . 
  besides what the title says : `` czech republic aims ... '' is wrong . 
  only one of our ministers aims . 
  i have to say we do too . 
  any combination of british , english , kingdom etc. 
  is basically the united kingdom . 
  the dropoff in religion was due to the active suppression from communist regime . 
  exactly . 
  the whipping is symbolic . 
  if you hurt the girl , you 're a dick . 
   willow , birch or other trees huh ... it 's always been only willow as far as i know . 
  i 've never heard of pomlazka made from birch or other trees ... 
  i would be interested what the hell is common etymological root 2 . 
  the perceived luminosity does not map linearly from the lowest datapoint to the highest . 
  your map goes from dark red via light mids back down to dark greens . 
  that 's simply terrible . 
  the colour gradient should have been chosen more carefully so the lightness is either monotonous or constant . 
  this map is bad . 
  the luminosity of the scale is not linear which makes it extremely confusing . 
  bad design . 
  think of it as a heavy accent . 
  there are minor vocabulary differences , some few grammatical differences ( nothing prohibitive ) , and a strong accent . 
  when i was watching misfits ( that british series ) , they subbed kelly using slovak . 
  i think it was quite fitting . 
  him being a president is only a result of public vote . 
  we should lock up people who voted for him . 
  unfortunately it seems he 's still pretty popular/populistic and he 'd have high chance in next elections . 
  i hope it does n't come to that . 
  also i can not help but think that this map is suffering from [ 1138 ] ( https://xkcd.com/1138/ ) syndrome . 
  not that heavy , but it would be better adjusted . 
  that scandinavia might come out better than it looks . 
   flash plugin missing what is this ? 
  early 2000s for that compulsory flash ? 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but czech.rep . 
  is kinda unique that its full name is kinda the way to go in english . 
  czechia sounds really stupid . 
  you can shorten it to czech.rep . 
  if you want . 
  i 'm with you , mate . 
  i do n't know where it came from , but i really hate the word ` czechia ' . 
  i have to saay i 'm one of those who barely recognizes ostrava dialect and finer granulation goes way beyond me . 
  i 'm sure many czech children sighted in relief . 
  statistics based on minimum wage do n't mean shit . 
  hey , at least your inflation should be in check . 
  you 're a culturist . 
  umatrix basically does all of that in one, 
  \\  chrome \\  privacy \\  chose one, 
  do n't worry , the french can not read that anyway . 
  been there a week ago . 
  electronic cash register for toilets are what got me . 
   see our previous one . 
  ok , we 're getting to the field of / r/politics shitposting . 
  i actually liked klaus and he is pretty smart . 
  sometimes simple left-right wing dichotomy does n't work on everytihng . 
  zeman was actually quite leftist when we was a pm . 
  oh , he 's definitely really smart . 
  i do n't like him , but i can not say he 's dumb . 
  for one , he 's managed to make most people to vote for him . 
  yes , give it some time ... to die . 
  czechia is a really stupid name . 
  it 's always either full five or the snowflake for me . 
  i have n't found any useful middle setting yet . 
  i do use it only for the chat function with a group of my friends . 
  i completely ignore the news feed . 
  in czech it 's paprika and paprika . 
  you 'd either need more context or say ground paprika . 
  ow ... how did it turn out ? 
  too soon . 
  tbh our ' \u0161t\u011bst\u00ed / \u0161\u0165astn\u00fd ' is not phonetically that different . 
  it 's just those diphtongs look mildly funny . 
  it was never decided to be czechia . 
  it 's always been czech republic . 
  stop your delusion . 
  if you stop calling it czechia , things would be much simpler . 
  one more reason why czechia is a retarded name and no one should use it . 
  i do n't know what 's this stupid fad . 
  there have never been true communism anywhere anytime . 
  communist countries were striving towards communism , but ideologically were still in the phase of socialism . 
  ca n't afford it . 
  you see , it was just a phase . 
  how about stick with what has been here for the past 25 years ? 
  you do n't need to change anything for the sake of change . 
  stop calling it czechia ... it 's gross, 
  it looks more slovak i thinnk . 
  '' ... plebiscit ** o ** m '' is not czech , not mentioning the lack of many accents ( to the much dismay of / u/azorgethype ) . 
  seriously , given that a slovene posts this , it really might be slovene . 
  what dank times have i missed ? 
  different fonts and font renderers display fonts differently .
