  did you just discover the word `` degenerate '' and now you use it fucking everywhere ? 
  aha , all meat dildos , that look like that , are called hot dogs in english ? 
  well , til . 
  thought a hot-dog was only the whole dish ( bun , meat and sauce ) . 
  father always said most girls had blue bruises on the shoulders after rifle practice . 
  most guys loved it though . 
  eh , to each their own . 
  for the stronger kind of beers , sure . 
  that 's what girls drink here . 
  cuz albanians are mass migrating to macedonia ? 
  replacements are already waiting in camps in turkey, 
  surprised you do n't see macedonia as future albania . 
  oh darling, 
  or just eat more pizza for more tomato . 
  you 'll be fat , but at least you do n't have to eat pineapple on pizza . 
  fuck , the dental lines will be even longer now . 
  huh , that would make sense . 
  ca n't blame you , good food there . 
  you left us out : /, 
  stop taking teran , doe, 
  yea , i knew i said it wrong . 
  could n't think of a better way , sadly . 
  fair play . 
  we 'll get there , once the elders , who are overly conservative , pass away . 
  it 's the only thing lacking , so it 's a bit more than a start . 
  happy for you , 
  as it should be, 
  living up to your flair , i see . 
  sub of fools, 
  kaunt mi in . 
  great city , but fuck me are the guys , who announce stripper clubs , annoying . 
  after his ridiculous `` homesick '' photo : [ photo ] ( http://cdn.kme.si/public/images-cache/740xx/2016/12/10/a1db92c09282924980e0f1ed738ccefb/584bf4131f333/a1db92c09282924980e0f1ed738ccefb.jpeg ) , there was a mini trend going around , called [ `` boruting '' ] ( https://www.google.si/search?q=boruting&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;prmd=ivns&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewif5csmxz7sahwkvrokhdoldbaq_auibigb ) . 
  so he was literally a slovenian meme for a while ... 
  yup, 
  / r/europe is doing bridges now ? 
  how was anti-semitism unique to germany ? 
  wonder if russia will take all the lands this time . 
  would n't be surprised , with how easily italians switch sides ... 
  so what 's the reason for this opinion among those 20 % young folk ? 
  only 18 year olds ? 
  oh yeah , what 's the deal with your railways and interrail ? 
  we were in warsaw and thought about going to your country via train . 
  but there was no direct railway connection , in the app , to vilnius . 
  so we kinda gave up , because it seemed too much work and too unpredictable to us . 
  you can hardly call the 10 day war an attempt to conquer us . 
  cuz they are busy buying our assets . 
  return cockta , you croatian bastards !, 
  know an albanian too . 
  great skills . 
  oh damn , have to watch the last one . 
  dutch sounds funny to us anyway , so it works . 
  world 's end is a trilogy ? 
  yup , so good . 
  watched anime on rtl2 . 
  could easily understand everyday german only after watching those for a few years . 
  primary school as well, 
  we ai n't even on the list . 
  what the hell ?!, 
  dumb bitch, 
  what 's the quality like ? 
  ah the tourist trap food . 
  relatively pricey , looks better than it is and it has nothing to do with czechia, 
  ty , interesting, 
   happy to talk to them about we both know that we 'd agree fuck all . 
   normal court curious , what would a normal court mean here, 
   lunatic jo\u0161ko joras do n't you talk about my man jo\u0161ko like that !, 
  who else would care really, 
  quality meme game, 
  motherfucker, 
  implying it was only austrians who won that , pff . 
  even without the compromise , i doubt there would n't be a shitstorm from your end . 
  in case we got the international waters access, 
  hopefully you are investing some time in hobby projects that interest you . 
  faculty gives you a good foundation in programming and is good when it comes to introducing a different types of programming , but you 'll never get legit experiences in school . 
  make some projects , i guess , or join a bootcamp for web development , saw plenty over the summer here in slovenia . 
  without showing interest in your desired field , you 'll always have issue . 
  and companies are always willing to teach you , as long as you are willing to invest time and learn stuff on your own . 
  but you have to show this intention . 
  other way around for us . 
  do n't even know the stat !, 
  if you mean between the world wars , then no . 
  it had no land connection to germany but was still german . 
  if you mean before that , srry phone too shit for wiki, 
  it really would n't . 
  we central europe , yo . 
  dude got 2 silvers and 1 bronze . 
  probably gon na see it in september . 
  gib sea access, 
  thanks for prekmurje , 
  umm , none of this are in the same location of the turkey based base in the picture above . 
  while their claims are bit bullshit , it does n't invalidate them . 
  it could be just a promotion , where you take some loses , to attract more customers . 
  which is n't unheard of, 
  you sure ? 
  he said near soviet border, 
  he was joking , btw, 
  he means us used to have a nuclear base real close to the soviet union . 
  probably lack of data , yea . 
  an austrian provider took over and rebranded the second largest provided here . 
  they went aggresive with real good plans and others had to respond as well .
