looks like a nurse . 
  maybe not that bad :3, 
  spoken as a true russian, 
  can i get an eli5 , do n't understand the article ? 
  hayboeck won three in a row . 
  but yeah , nothing compared to a few years ago . 
  that 's not what other poles told me, 
  yup . 
  am on bus and my leg is hurting atm , because the thing , you buckle it in , is in the middle of the seat . 
  looks like we do n't exist d :, 
  read `` invitation '' as `` invasion '' ... ugh uh . 
  our border with croatia is also a schengen border, 
  she would have to admit her mistake on her migrant policy . 
  as a slovenian ... that sounds embarassing ... 
  dunno man , i love it . 
  those poor norwegians : c, 
  not even surprised anymore . 
   7 well , that saves the whole crisis . 
  so has germany !, 
  maybe they could take some . 
  yup . 
  before , you could easily get tomatoes from macedonia , for example . 
  know it 's mostly italian/spanish shitty tomatoes . 
  the difference in taste and quality is saddening . 
  i knew i 'd find you here for this , cheap bastards < 3 . 
  now , on to find a croatian for some banter ... 
  if you count it as a country ? 
  we want one as well : c. do n't really need two , we are not greedy : c, 
  fine by us . 
  at least post a planica event . 
  this one is epic , with the silence in the middle ( not exactly the best quality of sound , but fine imo ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ti7yzym9qoq was of course before the ascension of prevc  . 
  planica this year will be mental . 
  slovenia-russia hymn was amazing as well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59z-9hdvvku, 
  that 's actually a really cool story, 
  whole country will change their name ? 
  what do we promote ? 
  cheers . 
  neither is croatia , so it 's fine . 
  what were the problems ? 
  it was reported that the farmers were happy to give way to the fence on their fields . 
  we have some plans for one as well , i believe ? 
  should austria really femce themselves in . 
  then again , croatia will have a problem ... 
  huh , no reason to complain about our votes . 
  weird, 
  / r/technology ? 
  virgin forests as in untouched forests ? 
  we still have those in slovenia and i 'm pretty sure we are not the only ones left with them ... 
  kinda hard to cross there , no ? 
  mountains and forests . 
  because the majority is men ? 
  huh . 
  wrong info then . 
  srry, 
  i meant : `` i see no reason why i would n't pick italy over hungary , as worst neighbour '' . 
  no idea how i wrote that wrong , got ta fix itm, 
  how so . 
  from our standpoint , austria seems like a dream country . 
  everythings seems to work there . 
  low unemployment rate , for example . 
  i have no idea why i would n't pick italy over hungary , as worst neighbour . 
  did we have any disputes with hungary ? 
  bet we had more negative ones with croatia even . 
  vaj das it sej `` pajs end grejvi '' nekst tu jor nejm ? 
  yup , we were very lucky . 
  and maybe trieste as well , while we at it . 
  now imagine if we had some more sea as well , 
  holy shit , we are best slavs, 
  tried \u017curek last month , it was so unique and tasty :d . would 've been the meal of my trip around poland , if my buddies had n't ordered `` flaki '' ( we were in warsaw at the time ) ... 
  what about \u017eganci :| ? 
  because when they say auschwitz they mean the camp , not the city . 
  majority do n't even know/care about the town next to it . 
  not the same situation as with breslau/krakow, 
  that 's what he said ye , hence why he is surprised people will forget european countries . 
  i think it was in high school , which i ended 3 years ago . 
  covered the majority of the world when it comes to names and capitals ( ugh ) , but europe sure as hell had flags involved . 
  i went into a gymnasium , so the level was a bit higher , i guess , but europe is surely taught at all high schools ? 
  same . 
  regional flags are a different thing , but i thought national european flags would be common knowledge for most europeans , that 'd browse the web . 
  good call romania . 
  the price for a scoop of ice cream went up 300 % + here . 
  do n't do it !, 
  mothefuckers overtook us !, 
  oh , so baklavas are n't always super sweet ? 
  i 've had quite a lot of walnut baklavas , all were way too sweet . 
  love it . 
  yup , sounds like a baklava, 
  fucking hell , this was merciless , but way more believable . 
  but why ? 
  ever heard of sarcasm ? 
  though it may not be good in a map, 
  but that would make sense !, 
  macedonia is getting invaded by albanians ... 
  probably the case in most social countries . 
  slavic nations *, 
  you ca n't push away the goalies hands , when he is going for the ball , ffs . 
  it 's not a normal aerial duel . 
  holy shit , we are pussies in this department . 
  it ' like the time in turkey flows backwards now . 
  going towards the 19th century slowly .
