  296 - britain divided into four provinces . 
  and in 1995 , scotland and france celebrated 700 years of the auld alliance . 
  but the 80 's were good , with all that italo-disco ... 
  complaisant not complacent . 
  a complaisant and subservient europe is what america wants . 
  i did n't say they want to conquer land , they just want to dominate the eu . 
  be under no illusions about that . 
  they have often behaved exactly the same as russia . 
  spying and infiltration by intelligence agencies is not somehow better than active military conquest . 
  in some ways , it might be worse , because it 's more insidious . 
  i 'm worried about both of them , and so should you be . 
  because demonising one and uncritically supporting the other is n't good for europe as a whole either . 
  because the united states also has imperial ambitions in europe . 
  they may be more secretive about them , but they exist . 
  but they do have a long history of invading and violating the territorial integrity of countries in latin america , which they have much less claim to than russia does to the ukraine . 
  to say nothing of their invasions of other countries , and their spying on and intelligence manipulation of various other places , including in europe . 
  i did n't pick sides in the last cold war and i 'm not going to pick sides in this one . 
  it 's more sensible to say , a plague on both their houses . 
  i think it 's hypocritical to say that russia ca n't have a sphere of influence but america can . 
  america has got an unbelievable cheek telling people not to interfere in other people 's countries , after invading small latin american countries hundreds and hundreds of times . 
  what are his ambitions exactly ? 
  some islands have high ground on them . 
  oh i 'm sure there were former nazis all over the place after the war . 
  but somehow it was come to terms with . 
  emotional argument , and not even a good one . 
  well we better give the gypsies their own country as well then . 
  why not make it in some volatile part of the indo-pakistan border where they have n't lived for centuries . 
  that 'll go down well , and give us a nice little imperial foothold in that territory , a `` loyal little gypsy ulster '' . 
  `` would you have tried to rebuild your life in germany ? '', 
  yes . 
  because that would show the nazis that they did n't win . 
  that would show them that a jew can be a german . 
  i just think what you 're saying is an over-simplification . 
  yawn at the shallow narrative that `` moose-lims and lefties are the real fascists these days '' . 
  such edl talking point tripe . 
  when you find yourself agreeing with nazis and neo-nazis on some point of policy , you might want to rethink that point . 
  and unfortunately , this is what nazis and zionists had in common , this belief that the european jews are not really european , the british jews are not really british , the german jews are not really german , and so on . 
  historically , the jews in germany , and britain , and america were extremely thoroughly assimilated . 
  what about all the christian zionists ? 
  a rather belated concession there . 
  we 've already got the cheeky girls , i think that 's a fair swap . 
  but hitler got rid of all the gay ones in the night of the long knives in 1934 . 
  and 140 million people are written off . 
  oh , i do n't think you should blame the people for what the state gets up to . 
  i hate the idea of writing off millions of people . 
  and dislike russia . 
  the russophobia here is absolutely ridiculous . 
  russia is a part of europe and russians are people like anybody else . 
  somebody should tell them that propaganda has to be fairly subtle to be effective . 
  this is very crude . 
  i did n't single out the conservatives as the imperialists . 
  i 'm just saying , they 're the government in power at the moment , and they set the education policy , and so on . 
  do you really imagine that involvement in iraq and afghanistan would have been any different if the tories and not labour had happened to be in power ? 
  i also do n't agree about imperialism . 
  i think it 's a live , ongoing issue , whether it 's russian , british or american . 
  i 'm not saying that the people who died should n't be remembered ( although , in point of fact , they are * not * remembered as individuals ; hardly anyone nowadays could give you the name of even one common soldier who died in the conflict ) but i think that that remembrance should be explicitly accompanied by a critique of nationalism and imperialism , which were , make no mistake , the causes of the war , and a condemnation of the ruling classes of europe at the time , and also accompanied explicitly by a condemnation of war in general , along the lines of `` these men died so that there would be no more war '' . 
  my grandfather fought in the 2nd world war , and my great-grandfather was at gallipoli , and i 'm pretty sure that if they were still alive they would not be comfortable with either of those wars being used to justify militarism and jingoism , which is what the tories seem to want to do . 
  they invoke these things only to justify blind patriotism and current or recent imperialist ventures . 
  they invoke self-sacrifice not as a noble thing because it helped to end inter-european conflict for good , but because , to them , self-sacrifice and blind obedience is noble in itself . 
  thus their use of the first world war is n't to commemorate it as a * debunking * of war-as-heroism , it 's to exploit and celebrate it for militaristic and jingoistic purposes , * as * war-as-heroism , utilising the kind of sentamentalism that bolsters up martyrdom in place of a real sense of tragedy . 
  you make it sound like some sort of natural occurrence . 
  if you study it you can see clearly that the older generations in all the countries involved , britain , germany , france , etc , the jingo imperialists , the ruling political and business classes , the out-of-touch generals , behaved in an absolutely idiotic , stubborn , almost criminally incompetent way , at the price of the deaths of millions of young people . 
  and that 's about the only good thing one can say about the great war , that it sounded the death knell on a lot of the old monarchies and the old imperialist jingo attitude . 
  what 's the problem with that . 
  they needed all the soldiers they could get . 
  it was a war against fascism . 
  the british state also resorted to using barely-teenaged boys in the first world war , for a much less noble cause . 
  yes , i see . 
  so what you 're saying is , that traditionalism is not necessarily either left or right . 
  i agree . 
  in every european country , in the west as well , even in the uk , there is a backlash against the worst aspects of american-style consumerism . 
  i would be categorised by most people as `` left '' , but i like traditional culture as well , and dislike overt consumerism . 
  if that makes me `` conservative with a small c '' in that area , then i 'm quite comfortable with that . 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  it 's the communists that come off looking bad in homage to catalonia . 
  yes i see that distinction . 
  george orwell in his essay notes on nationalism calls what you 've just described patriotism , as opposed to the more aggressive nationalism . 
  but i fail to see how the people you 're describing are right wing at all . 
  the traditionalist right believes in hierarchy , order , tradition , strong government , usually the established church and the old aristocracy . 
  the neo-liberal right believes in privatising everything , and cutting regulations and taxes to a minimum , except if they benefit the rich . 
  if the x people you describe fall into neither of these categories , how are they right wing ? 
  the main difference between right and left is that the left believes in equality and the right believes in hierarchy . 
  it comes from the french national assembly , on the right , the royalists , believers in the traditional church , the aristocracy , and authoritarian government . 
  on the left , believers in liberty , egalit\u00e9 , fraternite . 
  that is how left and right have historically been understood in europe . 
  in america it 's different . 
  market liberals would perhaps have been on the left in the eighteenth century , but now they are unambiguously on the right , in that , in practice if not in theory , they are supporters of hierarchy and authoritarianism . 
  the natural left tendency is libertarianism , and the natural right tendency is authoritarianism . 
  thus , just as you ca n't have an authoritarian left without severe contradictions and problems , you ca n't have a libertarian right without severe contradictions and problems . 
  and i do believe you can still fit everyone , and every political tendency , into one of these broad categories , left and right . 
  it is n't such a false dichotomy as it sounds . 
  but these poets , dreamers , and shamans . 
  they are nationalistic , right ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  it seems to me that what the op is describing is the traditionalist european right and the market liberal right . 
  i do n't really see anything left wing in either of these descriptions . 
  `` libertarian '' originally meant an anarchist , ( and still does as far as i 'm concerned ) . 
  that 's why i call us-style libertarians `` market libertarians '' or `` market liberals '' to distinguish them from libertarians proper . 
  the y 's here sound like market liberals to me , not left-wingers . 
  why ?
