  source ? 
  i 'm not screaming anything , and am not the least bit emotional . 
  i also do n't like putin and the russian government . 
  neither , by the way , does chomsky , as you would know if you 'd bothered to watch the video . 
  what the video points out is that the ukraine conflict is not as clear-cut as it is often presented . 
  i do n't accuse / r/europe of russophobia without reason . 
  the fear and hatred of russia on here has reached some sort of hysteria . 
  putin is regularly compared to hitler , and adolescent fantasies about world war three are commonly indulged in . 
  for my part , i do n't care to choose between america and russia ( because the eu is insignificant in this issue ) . 
  i will revive an old slogan from the cold war , `` neither washington nor moscow ! '', 
  first of all , i 'm not surprised . 
  read the comment . 
  it says `` the response was much as i expected '' . 
  secondly , / r/europe * is * russophobic , ridiculously so . 
  thirdly , 90 % of the comments in the thread are simply ad hominem attacks , not engaging with his arguments at all . 
  i must admit , i did n't quite expect this . 
  and fourthly , i posted the video in the interests of balance , to counterbalance the relentless hysterical russophobia , and also to gage just how emotional and frightened and conservative / r/europe is . 
  and the answer is , very . 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  or you can not be bothered to engage with his arguments , preferring ad hominem attacks ? 
  during the war there was debate as to which composers it was safe for british orchestras to play . 
  it was decided that beethoven was ok , as his grandfather was flemish or something . 
  `` van beethoven '' is obviously not a german name , so he was deemed dutch enough that you could continue to enjoy him . 
  i ca n't think of anything . 
  `` here is our founding document , declared on this day in 1916 '' it says . 
  i know it means easter day , but , just saying . 
  i know , but it definitely was n't `` on this day '' as the title says . 
  the proper anniversary for this is april 24th . 
  take a look at / r/100yearsago and you 'll see that not much is happening in ireland at the moment , though there was an attack on a sinn fein headquarters this week . 
  roger casement lands on the 21st and then the whole thing kicks off . 
  this * is * the 100th anniversary of the battle of the st eloi craters though , which was filmed by an official cinematographer , footage of which can be seen here : http://www.iwm.org.uk/collections/item/object/1060008213 , the first filmed british attack of the war . 
  according to this website , there are `` several thousand '' places named after saints in scotland alone : http://saintsplaces.gla.ac.uk/, 
  or she could 've picked up the meme from islamist beheading videos , or the fact that it 's allowed in sharia law . 
   not every time these things happen will it be because of their religion . 
  true , but beheading is used a lot by islamists so maybe that 's where she got the meme of beheading from . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beheading_in_islam if you 're already mentally ill , religious memes do n't help . 
  `` england , scotand , and wales are analogous to american states '' . 
  no they are not . 
  they 're analogous to when , for instance , sweden and denmark formed a union . 
  scotland , england and wales are countries that have formed a union , they 're not states of a federation . 
  scotland , england and wales , while not being nation-states , are still countries in exactly the same way that anywhere else is a country . 
  go and look it up and do n't spout such ignorance . 
  he did . 
  edward i. 
  `` after suppressing a minor rebellion in wales in 1276 -- 77 , edward responded to a second rebellion in 1282 -- 83 with a full-scale war of conquest . 
  after a successful campaign , edward subjected wales to english rule , built a series of castles and towns in the countryside and settled them with english people '' . 
  most people only vote snp because they do n't like tories , labour , or lib dems , which is entirely those party 's own fault . 
  england , scotland and wales are real countries , though not nation states , and they are not analogous to american states . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  they are countries who are in a union . 
   they literally just voted to stay part of the union . 
  half of them . 
  a bit like this : https://youtu.be/vyy_eacpgfw, 
  i too had blond hair as a small child and it got progressively darker through the years until now it is very dark brown . 
  ( and a little white at the temples ) . 
  there is a middle class and a working class scottish accent , yes . 
  the more working class it is , the closer it is to the scots dialect , and the more scots words will be used . 
  ( `` hoose '' for house , for example ) . 
  the poshest scottish accent of all , almost like rp , in edinburgh is called `` morningside '' ( a posh area of edinburgh ) and in glasgow is called `` kelvinside '' ( a posh area of glasgow ) . 
  for an example , listen to malcolm rifkind . 
  https://youtu.be/xjdva4z9olk?t=36s . 
  almost indistinguishable from rp . 
  note the lack of rhoticity . 
  often scottish actors working abroad have to tone down their accents to make them more comprehensible , leading to an anglofied or americanised over-pronounced accent , as lampooned in this comedy sketch : https://youtu.be/rfn69ozwjtm, 
  who told you that ? 
  i just do n't believe in it . 
  i might have an attachment to the place i grew up , but not to an abstraction called a nation , still less to a nation state . 
  it 's a fiction , a ghost which we conjure up collectively . 
  in addition , i distrust the idea because it has so often been misused , to get people to do evil things or throw their lives away in war . 
   being patriotic towards your nation is a good thing . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  i think that 's how they get people to throw away their lives in wars . 
   the human need to be part of a community again , that is n't the definition of patriotism . 
  it is exactly these excesses of patriotism that the history of europe teaches us to be on our guard against . 
  that 's not my definition of patriotism . 
  patriotism is for idiots . 
  leave the flag fetishism to the americans . 
  `` alba '' is the gaelic name for scotland . 
  i suppose `` iwerddon '' is related to '' \u00c9ire '' ? 
  very biased , poorly researched article written by an american neoliberal , who among all political tendencies are the most notorious for having ideological blinders on . 
  it 's just the scots equivalent of the word `` harvest '' . 
  you can use it as a verb . 
   you also have n't recently invaded two latin american countries not * recently * . 
  william wallace/robert the bruce . 
  so i was n't entirely wrong then . 
  her name was van der something . 
  til, 
  it seems like the stereotypes countries have about themselves are often different from the stereotypes other countries have about them . 
  the latter are the really interesting ones . 
  i knew a dutch girl who was not far from being a dwarf . 
  and she was definitely dutch . 
  she even had van in her name . 
  can confirm . 
  weirdos and careerists . 
  people who want something on their cv if they want to go into a related field . 
  go and do some research about isis . 
  they really are as bad as they 're made out to be , if not worse . 
  what made you think that anarchists , or libertarians , had to be pacifists ? 
  why is it relevant to the definition of libertarianism ? 
  it 's only relevant if you use the american definition , which i keep telling you , i do n't .
