  they are extremely critical of it . 
  and i think that 's healthy . 
  and they understand russia a lot better than i do , `` mystery wrapped up in a riddle inside an enigma '' that it is . 
  and yet , to quote solzhenitsyn 's `` august 1914 '' , `` i feel sorry for russia '' . 
  i understand all that . 
  but i still think the level of russophobia is a bit much . 
  no other country is singled out as a target in quite such a consistently mean-spirited way in / r/europe . 
  i know russians and i like them . 
  i am not , and have never been , politically correct . 
  `` horrible conditions and events '' . 
  is there a single european country that we ca n't say that about , at some point in its history ? 
  by all means criticize the russian state , i do n't like it either . 
  what i 'm objecting to are these blanket prejudiced statements about `` everything russian '' . 
  i know russians , who are perfectly decent people , and russia has contributed a lot to the civilization of europe . 
  all the putins in the world wo n't take away from that . 
  if we 're going to revive historical european enmities , then we 'll be here for a long time , and get nothing done . 
  has n't everyone had reason to hate the country next to them at some point ? 
  is n't it time that europe overcame all that ? 
  that is n't at all clear in the statement `` hell is where everything is russian , heaven is where nothing is '' . 
  the russophobia on this sub is absolutely fucking ridiculous . 
  it 's tantamount to a weird sort of racism . 
  criticizing the russian state is one thing , but do we really have to malign the russian people and culture as well ? 
  we would n't accept this shit if said about any other country . 
  parasites all . 
  it 's one thing to say nigerians have different musculature ( and it is n't * that * different ) or whatever , but a lot of things people criticize the gypsies for are things that just go along with being poor . 
  it 's the same with the blacks in america , the same cycle : one sector of society is targeted for discrimination , that sector becomes impoverished , they become more likely to commit crime . 
  then people say , look at these people , all they do is commit crime , and further discriminate against them . 
  the cycle repeats . 
  why is that anti-ziganism is acceptable while anti-semitism is n't ? 
  even though hitler targeted both of them for genocide using almost exactly the same kind of language as is being expressed in this very thread ? 
  what will you call yourself ? 
  the european part of russia clearly * is * culturally a part of europe , especially after the time of peter the great . 
  were dostoyevsky and tchaikovsky and chekhov somehow `` not europeans '' ? 
  `` most russians would fight with their lives not to be part of a us of europe '' . 
  one could say the same about a lot of british people . 
  granted that russia is culturally unique , as a result of being a eurasian country . 
  but on what basis can the european part of russia be called `` not part of cultural europe ? '', 
  if you 're going to put it into the category of being foreign because it 's orthodox and does n't use the roman alphabet , then you 'd have to put greece and bulgaria into the same category . 
  both of which are members of the european union . 
  you 're talking about russia as though it 's not a part of europe . 
  that 's just what europe needs . 
  more kaiser wilhelms , louis xvis and habsburgs . 
  let 's all go back 100 years , no , let 's go back to the days of the ancien r\u00e9gimes . 
  it 's not often that you find an argument on reddit that is reactionary to that extent . 
  the day that europe got rid of these parasitic aristocrats was a happy day , and some of us still have n't managed it . 
  it 's a selfish attitude and if you take it to its logical conclusion then we should n't have a centralized government based in westminster either . 
  to me it changes everything . 
  to me , if you 've been guilty of a crime yourself , you 've got no right to condemn it in others . 
  well . 
  it 's better to compare a russian to a russian than to a german or a frenchman . 
  it 's glib in the sense that putin is n't rounding people up and putting them in camps , or undertaking a mass extermination . 
  i think when you start to talk about disregarding international law , inviolability of borders from annexation , and `` values '' , then we have already lost . 
  because we have been guilty of these things ourselves . 
  yes , that would 've been better , and more accurate . 
  because that applies to a * lot * of people . 
  authoritarians and militarists have been ten a penny . 
  the normal implication of calling someone a hitler is that he 's going to embark on a genocide , a mass extermination . 
  every one of our countries has militarists and authoritarians in it . 
  i do n't think i have misused godwin 's law . '', 
  i wanted folks who glibly compared someone else to hitler or to nazis to think a bit harder about the holocaust '' said godwin . 
  the point is that it does a disservice to those who died in the holocaust to compare un-hitler-like people to hitler . 
  i think the problem with your analysis is that you seem to imagine that the eu could be an independent military actor in ukraine . 
  why do we in western europe always have to pick sides ? 
  the answer is that we do n't . 
  because if he is the new hitler , even by analogy , then war is the right response to him . 
  and all the sanctions in the world will only be more chamberlain-esque paper-waving . 
  but as it happens , i do n't think that he * is * the new hitler . 
  i 've heard too many other people called that for it to be meaningful anymore . 
  that particular coin has become so thoroughly debased that to use it is the sign of a bad argument , which is what godwin was recognising . 
  so , let 's follow this analogy to its logical conclusion . 
  what we ought to do is not appease putin , but declare war against him , since he is , according to you , the new hitler . 
  is that right ? 
  so , i 'm the victim of a sort of godwin 's law in reverse ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  to say that russia today is like nazi germany seems to me not only incorrect but almost hysterical . 
  putin 's politics are * not * hitler 's politics . 
  the comparison is a bad one even without the argumentum ad hitlerum . 
  to me what he most resembles is one of the old russian tsars . 
  i do n't understand what chamberlain has got to do with putin . 
  putin is not hitler . 
  putin is n't stalin , and he is n't hitler either . 
  if anything he more resembles one of the old tsars . 
  can i go back to the 80 's ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/_w4xulsjo5i ), 
  could n't disagree more with this summation . 
  there will always be things that machines ca n't do . 
  that 's rather dramatic . 
  why can mankind not do as only the aristocratic leisured classes were able to do before ; spend time in education , the sciences , the arts , and in philosophical contemplation ? 
  well there 's a pub in linlithgow called the black bitch . 
  no-one wants to rename it . 
  `` the parents already have to have some of that ideology in them , otherwise they would n't let this happen to their kids '' . 
  i do n't think that 's true necessarily . 
  2nd generations becoming more radical than their parents is a well-recognised phenomenon . 
  the father of the tsarnaev brothers , for instance , who were responsible for that bombing in boston , seems to be a very moderate kind of muslim . 
  i hate this tendency that some people have now to rename things and sweep them under the rug , pretending that they did n't happen . 
  it 's an orwellian impulse ; let 's just rename things , and perhaps that 'll wipe out the past . 
  hobbies , education ? 
  [ very well , alone ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/igeldard/6488908321/ ), 
  40 ad - caligula calls off planned invasion of britain 43 ad - romans invade under claudius 51 - caratacus betrayed by cartimandua 60 - revolt of boudica 60 - romans attack druids and storm the island sanctuary of anglesey 81 - forth/clyde line marks the new frontier 84 - battle of mons graupius 122 - hadrian 's wall built 208 - septimius severus divides britain into brittania inferior and superior 208 - death of st. alban 211 - death of septimius severus at york . 
  296 - britain reconquered by constantius chlorus after ten years .
