   americans tends to have a distrust for the government , any kind of government . 
  except divine government direct from god as expressed in the holy bible . 
  back to tumblr with you . 
  ok . what conclusions am i supposed to be coming to from this comparison ? 
  you mean like `` weekend '' in english , in spanish is `` fin de semana '' ? 
  i do n't find it weird or strange at all , i quite like it . 
  why is it weird ? 
  it 's the same in all the germanic languages , i think . 
  in german it 's just `` wei\u00dfbrot '' which is the same thing , but happens to be one word rather than two . 
  i have heard this , and that he learned his anarchism from the swiss watch-makers of the jura . 
  would it surprise you to learn that you regularly find the swiss federal model talked about in anarchist books ? 
  `` now without wishing to sing a song of praise for the swiss political system we can see that , in territorial terms , the twenty-two sovereign cantons of switzerland are an outstanding example of a successful federation . 
  it is a federation of like units , of small cells , and the cantonal boundaries cut across the linguistic and ethnic boundaries , so that unlike the many examples of unsuccessful political federation , the confederation is not dominated by a single powerful unit , so different in size and scale from the rest that it unbalances the union . 
  the problem of federalism , as leopold kohr puts it in his book the breakdown of nations , is one of division , not of union . 
  proudhon foresaw this : `` europe would be too large to form a single confederation ; it would have to be a confederation of confederations . 
  this is why i pointed out in my most recent publication ( federation and unity in italy ) that the first measure of reform to be made in public law is the re-establishment of the italian , greek , batavian ( netherlands ) , scandinavian and danubian confederations as a prelude to the decentralisation of the large states , followed by a general disarmament . 
  in these conditions all nations would recover their freedom , and the notion of the balance of power in europe would become a reality . 
  this has been envisaged by all political writers and statesmen but has remained impossible so long as the great powers are centralised states . 
  it is not surprising that the notion of federation should have been lost amid the splendours of the great states , since it is by nature peaceful and mild and plays a self-effacing role on the political scene '' . 
  peaceful , mild and self-effacing the swiss may be and we may consider them a rather stodgy and provincial lot , but they have something in their national life which we in the nations which are neither mild nor selfeffacing have lost '' . 
  this is from colin ward 's `` anarchy in action '' and there 's a lot more about the swiss in that vein but space forbids . 
  this is an odd set of predictions . 
  some of them are likely and some of them are not so likely . 
  for a minute i thought you were going to start talking about rivers of blood . 
  that 's true in a lot of cases , but not in all . 
  for instance , the word `` debt '' has never been pronounced with a `` b '' in it . 
  if you read chaucer , you 'll see that it 's written `` dette '' . 
  someone just decided centuries later when spelling was being standardised , that , for inscrutable reasons , it should have a `` b '' in it . 
  it might be easy to learn , but it 's anything but simple . 
  there 's often a french , latin and saxon word for the same thing . 
  it has an extraordinary amount of synonyms , which require a roget 's thesaurus . 
  and there 's a whole category of words that were deliberately invented by individuals , such as william shakespeare or samuel johnson . 
  and lastly , the spelling system defies all reason . 
  thank you belgium for all those great tintin and lucky luke and spirou comics . 
  this bullshit racialized rhetoric has spread over here from the united states . 
  ( `` people of colour '' , etc , surprised she did n't spell it without the u ) . 
  what we are dealing with here are very privileged little middle class people who have got into this rhetoric as a means to self-aggrandize . 
  why do we need a `` diversity officer '' anyway ? 
  it sounds almost quasi-military . 
  she looks white to me , in any case , for all her professed `` ethnicity '' . 
  the re-definition of `` racism '' to mean something only white people can do just does not make any logical sense . 
  lastly , criticism of this kind of thing does not just come from `` the right-wing media '' . 
  i would be considered by most people in the `` left '' category and i can see through this college campus bullshit very easily . 
  the humourlessness , the victim complex , the spurious special status that you can claim merely through being a woman or a minority . . it 's all just a fad which came over from america and people leapt onto the bandwagon in order to advance their own little careers . 
  i liked getting a kiss on the cheek from that one french lady . 
  do young people do this or is it just older people ? 
  i 've only ever been kissed by a french lady once , but she was like in her 40 's . 
  no young french people have ever kissed me . 
  judging from the survey results , the people on / r/socialism are very young . 
  perhaps that explains some of it . 
  i ca n't decide whether their people 's front of judea-type antics are more funny or sad . 
  one of the saddest things for me is / r/metanarchism . 
  sometimes i think this is something they 'll grow out of , like tumblr , and that they 'll all be voting republican by the time they 're 25 . . 
  in the meantime it 's just a sort of self-aggrandisement project they 're indulging in whilst at college . 
  no i agree . 
  but a rather more traditional left does still exist , if only on the fringes . 
  this tendency is skeptical about the eu , and persists in thinking that race , gender , immigration issues , and so on , are all subsets of class and economics . 
  one does n't hear much about it , but it does exist . 
  it grieves me that the p.c. / social justice warrior thing is associated with the left . 
  i think it originates from america , and is the product of very middle class people with very sheltered lifestyles . 
  oh i agree with all that . 
  the truth is that there 's division on this issue as on so many others . 
  the left , broadly speaking , is supposed to have a commitment to internationalism . 
  maybe that 's why sectors of the left are attracted to european integration if not to the eu . 
  from my own experience , the scots ( very generally speaking ) are more comfortable with seeing themselves as europeans . 
  they did n't historically have any particular hatred of continental europeans and were particularly friendly with the french . 
  it 's not as common as you might think . 
  another prominent `` left '' critic of the eu is george galloway . 
  the official economic ideology of the eu is neoliberal capitalism . 
  you have to have a functioning market economy to join the club . 
  do you not see how socialists might feel uneasy about that ? 
  one of the main opponents of britain joining the common market was arch-socialist tony benn . 
  to me , the eu has always been critiqued better from the left than from the right . 
  george orwell 's stereotypes , from his essay on `` boy 's weeklies '' : frenchman : excitable . 
  wears beard , gesticulates wildly . 
  spaniard , mexican , etc. 
  : sinister , treacherous . 
  arab , afghan , etc. 
  : sinister , treacherous . 
  chinese : sinister , treacherous . 
  wears pigtail . 
  italian : excitable . 
  grinds barrel-organ or carries stiletto . 
  swede , dane , etc. 
  : kind-hearted , stupid . 
  negro : comic , very faithful . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  a rose by any other name would smell as sweet . 
  or , to put it more succinctly , without a healthy environment a viable economy is impossible . 
  45 % of all english words apparently have a french origin , due to the normans and so on . 
  there 's also a fair number of unique french-derived words in scots . 
  i find active enthusiasts for laissez-faire capitalism , ayn rand , rothbard , etc , to be much less of a phenomenon in europe than in america , though an american-influenced lunatic fringe does exist . 
  the average reddit user seems to me to be less of a market libertarian , and more of a straight-up liberal , a centrist . 
  have n't the faintest idea what you 're talking about . 
  by who , exactly ? 
  your source does n't say anything about them being a separate entity from the economist . 
  that 's not a source . 
  i wholeheartedly agree and that is why it 's time to revive the old cold war slogan `` neither washington nor moscow ! '', 
  unfortunately , i think / r/europe is under the illusion that it can choose the e.u. / nato , and has n't yet realised fully that in practice that means they have chosen america . 
  i say , a plague on both their houses .
