  stuff like this makes me want ceaucescu to rise from his grave . 
  well , the response to this was much as i expected , from the never-tiring russophobes of / r/europe , but i just wanted to add a little balance to the debate . 
  there 's nothing more boring than an echo-chamber sub . 
  so what does that prove ? 
  we should only listen to a person 's opinion of geopolitics if they have a degree in political science , and the opinion has been published in a peer-reviewed journal ? 
  that discounts 99.99 % of the political opinions on reddit then . 
  i think chomsky has established himself as a reputable political analyst . 
  well , ok , they 're not reviewed in the same way as one would review a physics or chemistry paper , are they ? 
  besides , what chomsky is doing is not so much political science as political commentary . 
  there is no peer review process for political writing , as it is not an exact science . 
  political language is notoriously * not * `` scientific '' . 
  people who study political science are as biased as anyone else . 
  it is a social science and exists somewhere between the exact sciences and the humanities . 
  it ca n't be treated like physics or chemistry . 
  chomsky is an anarchist . 
  he has written and spoken extensively on his own political views . 
  this talk from 1970 , [ government in the future ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snfiootrbro ) is a good example of his views on politics . 
  he * is * a political academic , and has lectured and run classes on politics . 
  one can be both a linguist and a political academic . 
  chomsky does indeed say that he criticizes the u.s. because he 's an american , and it makes sense . 
  this is more or less how he reasons : anyone can critique things which one can do nothing about , but that is morally useless . 
  the only really morally significant kind of critique is a critique of things which one is able to effect . 
  he , as an american citizen , is most easily able to effect american public opinion and therefore policy . 
  to me that makes sense . 
  he has actually written hundreds of books and articles on politics . 
  there is no peer review process for politics , because it 's not an exact science . 
  anyone can write whatever they like about it . 
  if there was a peer review process for political books , do you think one word that rush limbaugh or glenn beck writes would get into print ? 
  the economist is a neo-liberal publication and this means that some of its criteria and definitions may be rather skewed . 
  but we could say that about any source , really . 
  just something to be aware of . 
  let me be the first to suggest that the `` economist intelligence unit '' is ideologically biased . 
  smacks of the bourgeois . 
  we seem to only have one : [ the good giraffe ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-20341009 ), 
  he also wrote a book called the coming war with japan in 1991 . 
  prediction is hard . 
  what is your country 's counterpart of a middle-class cunt who likes to indulge in old-fashioned class snobbery while imagining that he 's superior to chavs ? 
  i dunno but whoever they are , they regularly ask this question on reddit . 
  it 's an interesting question , what happened to secularists in the muslim countries ? 
  they used to exist . 
  one answer will have to be , that during the cold war the us and britain deliberately strengthened the religious fundamentalists , because they were anti-communist , and secularism was associated with the left . 
  francis wheen mentions this in his book how mumbo-jumbo conquered the world : `` reagan and oliver north happily sold arms to the ayatollahs and used the proceeds to fund the contra 's war in nicaragua , even though the sandinista regime included several catholic priests . 
  reactionary islam was clearly preferable to left-wing christianity - and of course * vastly * preferable to secular atheism . 
  hence margaret thatcher 's admiration for the mujahedin in afghanistan , and the unwillingness of tory ministers and archbishop carey to condemn the fatwa against rushdie '' . 
  anybody could 've seen how this `` my enemy 's enemy is my friend '' policy of deliberately training and arming religious fanatics and undermining secular alternatives would blow up in our faces , but of course , it was n't a matter of public debate , but of clandestine operations that the public did n't have any say in or , in most cases , even know about . 
  i do n't know what you 're laughing at . 
  it 's true . 
  look it up . 
  please go and start a thread on / r/scotland with the title `` is scotland a real country ? '', 
  and another on / r/wales with a similar title . 
  see what your results are . 
  no , that 's not correct . 
  the united kingdom is a union made up of three distinct countries , scotland , england , and wales , with a `` province '' in northern ireland , in the same way that sweden and norway used to have a union , but retained their status as countries . 
  the countries of scotland and england are actually referred to in the act of union as `` kingdoms '' . 
  scotland and wales are countries , in exactly the same way as poland , france , or sweden are countries . 
  the fact that they are n't sovereign states is neither here nor there . 
  but the easiest way to settle this is for you to use the services of google and look it up , or , better yet , ask the people over at / r/scotland and / r/wales if they are real countries , or just `` divisions of the united kingdom '' . 
  they are parts of the united kingdom , and countries , at the same time . 
  they are countries both politically , geographically , and in every other way . 
  that is n't correct . 
  scotland and wales are countries in the same way that any other country is , in the same way that france or poland or estonia is . 
  and so , by the way , is england . 
  the united kingdom does n't have `` divisions '' , it has countries , which together make up a state called the united kingdom , in the same way that sweden and norway once had a union . 
  the autonomous areas of spain and the federal states of germany are not countries , but scotland and wales are countries . 
  look it up if you do n't believe me . 
  state sovereignty has got nothing necessarily to do with it . 
  it 's two european countries , with a population of some 8 millions between them , who are n't represented on the map , despite both having active subreddits , while much smaller countries are represented . 
  does n't matter , they 're still countries , still part of europe , and links to their subs should be on that map . 
  countries with much , much smaller populations are on there . 
  it gives the impression that the uk is just london and nothing else . 
  none of this changes the fact that scotland and wales are countries in their own right , and ought to be on that map . 
  wales is not a part of england , any more than england is a part of wales . 
  they 're in a union in a united kingdom . 
  god , it 's not that difficult a concept to grasp . 
  england , scotland and wales * are * real countries , constituent countries of a united kingdom . 
  look it up . 
  that 's what i was referring to . 
  i 'm not even talking about independence . 
  that actually is n't how it works . 
  scotland and england formed a union , called the united kingdom , which also included wales , in the same way that sweden and norway used to have a union . 
  `` if you are n't an independent country , you are n't a real country '' . 
  does that mean england is n't a real country ? 
  it is a real country , and it 's part of a union . 
  and so is scotland . 
  bavaria is a federal state of germany . 
  catalonia is an `` autonomous community of spain '' . 
  ( though that status might change ) . 
  scotland and wales , though , are constituent countries of the united kingdom , along with england , although , for some reason , only england is marked on the map . 
  scotland and wales * are * real countries . 
  and yet we still do n't have scotland and wales on the interactive map , despite the fact that they are european countries in their own right , which have their own subreddits . 
  it 's almost like the american media is obsessed with race . 
  next they 'll be telling us that there are n't many hispanic people in hungary . 
  `` hungary is a landlocked country of 10 million , with a mostly white population '' . 
  strange that they felt the need to point that out . 
  just looking at pictures of her there . 
  she is boss-eyed , has a square man jaw , huge forehead , no tits or bum to speak of , and is too skinny . 
  i do n't see the appeal of the poshness either . 
  but to each his own . 
   americans are actually really nice when talking about europeans which is the thing we do n't pay attention to . 
  do people really find her attractive ?
