  yeah it is . 
  you either believe in free markets or you do n't . 
  you ca n't just want them for some people but not others . 
  i 'm just saying , it 's a bit hypocritical to be committed to free movement of labour * within * the eu , but to jealously bar out all labour from outside it . 
  norway has oil money and switzerland has banking money . 
  the uk economy is too bound up with international finance for it to leave the eu . 
  i agree , but there 's * supposed * to be one in the eu . 
   they have wealth maximization in their mind is n't that what you 're supposed to do in a `` free market '' ? 
  vietnam apparently was n't a fan of that kind of liberation . 
  how dare you derail the world war iii circle-jerk . 
  do n't you know our brave nordic nato warriors are even now mobilising against the barbarian mongol hordes of the east ? 
  how many countries has america invaded ? 
  i assumed they 'd been deleted by mods . 
  why all the deletions ? 
  the ones i saw were just full of stereotypes . 
  stereotypes are tiresome after a while . 
  there 's something cringey and slightly pathetic about these stereotypical `` you know you 're x when '' `` so you want to visit x '' threads . 
  we 're going in for stereotypes in this thread . 
  just stereotypes . 
  nuance and actually looking at what things are actually like in the real world tends to derail that a bit . 
  it 's london that seems more like the fevered imaginings of a madman to me . 
  only bits of it . 
  look again at the list ; greece and rome , christianity , the middle ages , the renaissance , the reformation , the scientific revolution , the enlightenment , the romantic movement , nationalism , socialism , industrial capitalism . 
  and on the negative side , two world wars , imperialism and fascism . 
  all that , together with the entire history of european art , literature , philosophy , and music , is * not enough * to form an identity ? 
  which have their own identity . 
  but there are things that were only * directly * experienced by europe , and there are other things which , though they spread to colonies , became transformed there . 
  you have to admit that modern american christianity is a very different beast than say , european medieval christianity . 
  multiple centuries of abrahamic religion , going back to the middle ages . 
  in the early 70 's , there was a plot among industrialists and reactionaries to overthrow the labour government of harold wilson and replace it with a `` government of national unity '' headed by lord mountbatten . 
  this is not a wild theory but a documented event which really happened . 
  surely a european identity already exists , and has existed for centuries . 
  it 's just the result of what we all have in common ; greece and rome , christianity , the renaissance , the enlightenment , nationalism , world wars , socialism , and all the rest . 
   the eu does however look like the german confederation . 
  which looked like the holy roman empire , which looked like charlemagne 's empire , which looked like the roman empire . 
  yes . 
  they shrug a lot , indicating , if not neutrality , at least indifference . 
  nope , pride should be reserved for things you have done and not things you ca n't help and had no hand in . 
  besides , it `` goeth before destruction '' . 
  i like and feel an attachment to the celtic countries but the sectarianism is embarrassing . 
  must be the bulgarian equivalent of the american slogan `` a chicken in every pot '' . 
  `` stalin in the boardroom : the five-year plan for success '' `` the leadership secrets of pol pot : how to get things done '' `` chairman mao : ceo '' . 
  what differences in thought are there between countries that worshipped odin and countries that worshipped teutates that we ca n't ascribe to the christian centuries rather than the pagan centuries ? 
  but that would n't be quite accurate . 
  because the catholic , protestant and orthodox parts of europe do n't only differ in religious belief but also in culture and habits of thought , which persist even when those places are no longer religious . 
  because then the map would become unnecessarily complicated ? 
  the protestant-catholic-orthodox divide is a historical one , but nevertheless , it did indicate real differences in culture , lingering traces of which you can still find in those countries today . 
  religion is n't just a question of believing or disbelieving something . 
  it also has a cultural component . 
  and the historical protestant mindset , * was * different from the catholic mindset . 
  that 's much less true now , especially after vatican ii and the drive toward ecumenicism , but centuries of christianity have more of a psychological effect than you might think . 
  and i speak as someone with a protestant mother and a catholic father !, 
  which still matters in certain places in scotland and the north of ireland , believe it or not . 
   still , we 're vastly better off under the exploitative economic elites than we were under the religious elites . 
  at least the medieval peasant got sundays and saint 's holy days off . 
  also , he was n't constantly monitored with surveillance devices and surrounded by consumerist garbage . 
  what has really replaced religion is commerce . 
  instead of being dominated by the church and state , we 're dominated by big business and the state . 
  not as different as you might think . 
  i think it was herodotus who first divided the world into europe , asia and africa . 
  the idea of `` europe '' as culturally distinct from asia , is literally a greek invention , just as much as the word is . 
  europe without greece is nothing , because `` europe '' is a greek word and a greek idea . 
  a few postpositive adjectives are occasionally still used in english , usually conveying an archaic or poetic atmosphere ; `` voices unknown '' `` creatures unseen '' . 
  answers on a postcard to jean-paul sartre , cimeti\u00e8re du montparnasse , 3 boulevard edgar quinet , 75014 paris . 
  here you can see an article about `` south african concentration camps '' . 
  http://www.nzhistory.net.nz/media/photo/south-african-concentration-camps . 
  however , as everybody knows , and as the article makes clear , these camps were british and were just located in south africa . 
  nobody who is n't an idiot would believe that these camps were run by south africans . 
  i agree it is a prejudice , and not entirely rational , but its more prevalent than you seem to think . 
  for consideration , this sketch by limmy : https://youtu.be/yngpgcvjusi there are also spaniards who consider `` spanish spanish '' to be standard , and american spanish to be non-standard . 
  they also have a point . 
  i do n't have any problem with dialects in general . 
  i do n't even think american english is a dialect . 
  it 's just standard english with a few different words and spellings . 
  i do tell my friends who are learning english to learn the british form of it , which is the proper one , and not the slightly debased american form . 
  i think it 's the simplified spelling which i dislike , and some of the odder words . 
  it seems vulgar , ugly , commercialised , almost infantile . 
  it works for americans but it ought ` nt to be the standard , or what people think english is . 
  i 've always wondered why wales and scotland are n't on that map . 
  they are countries in europe , you know . 
  i do n't have a problem with dialects , which should be obvious from my comment . 
  nevertheless , creeping americanization does bother me . 
  i would be very sorry if i woke up out of a cryogenic sleep after 100 years and everyone in britain was saying `` ass '' and writing `` color '' . 
  something would have been lost , i think . 
  funnily enough , lewis grassic gibbon in the foreword to sunset song compares the relationship between dutch and german to that between scots and english : `` if the great dutch language disappeared from literary usage and a dutchman wrote in german a story of the lekside peasants , one may hazard he would ask and receive a certain latitude and forbearance in his usage of german . 
  he might import into his pages some score or so untranslatable words and idioms -- untranslatable except in their context and setting ; he might mould in some fashion his german to the rhythms and cadence of the kindred speech that his peasants speak . 
  beyond that , in fairness to his hosts , he hardly could go -- to seek effect by a spray of apostrophes would be both impertinence and mistranslation . 
  the courtesy that the hypothetical dutchman might receive from german a scot may invoke from the great english tongue '' . 
  needless to say , the same obliterating process has happened to scots . 
  the scots dictionary is full of words which are hardly used anymore , except perhaps by a few very old people . 
  english is becoming more standardised regionally , within britain , the old peculiarities are being ironed out . 
  and often , the version of english which is becoming dominant is not even british english , but american english , which seems , to me , and to a lot of other people , in some ways almost like a debasement . 
  luckily the czech rep has lots of pretty girls to spare , mostly in porn . 
  it has to be pointed out that british hibernophilia is a * very * recent phenomenon . 
  funny you should say that . 
  we used to go to ireland on holidays in the 80 's . 
  drive from larne to donegal . 
  there 'd be a checkpoint at the border , british soldiers with guns . 
  they scared me . 
  my brother told me that they were allowed to shoot you .
