  the spanish anarchists used to do the clenched fist salute . 
  it 's incredibly stupid to sit on the fence for fear of offending anybody when you can clearly see the rights and wrongs of a situation . 
  but ... `` sweden is a socialist country '' . 
  so i have been told several times by americans . 
  here you find them in university christian unions and other similar organisations . 
  but they are not old-fashioned christians and are not affiliated with the established church . 
  instead , they 're influenced by the awful american evangelical brand of christianity , which involves attempts at modernity and christian rock and virginity vows and self-conscious informality and things like that . 
  it 's no accident that the protestant countries are usually more atheistic than the catholic and orthodox countries . 
  they both * are * imperialist occupations . 
  the ulster protestant does not have a separate `` ethnic identity '' from the ulster catholic . 
  if this is the case , i do n't know why they bother to start a business in the first place . 
  echo chamber . 
  you ca n't really judge of an incident aright when the most germane facts about the people involved are left out of the reportage . 
  / r/anarchism does n't know what it 's talking about half the time to be honest . 
  i do n't think anything has sapped the strength of the american left more than this political correctness stuff . 
  you can see from the examples i 've given that anarchism has nothing to do with political correctness , which has its roots in the sort of bolshevik centralizing and restriction of thought as described by orwell in 1984 . 
  anarchists have got to be against this sort of thing and for freedom of thought and expression . 
  political correctness , language policing , censoring , are either a totalitarian impulse or a way of salving middle-class consciences , as the people from chumbawumba point out . 
  hmm . 
  unfortunately , some of this hits home . 
  however , anarchism has actually got nothing to do with political correctness . 
  little known fact . 
  look at larry gambone 's [ `` laughter is bourgeois '' ] ( http://www.zinedistro.org/zines/88/laughter-is-bourgeoiis/by/l-grambone ) for instance , an anarchist critique of political correctness . 
  for more evidence , i was reading this 1994 interview of chumbawumba : `` are you politically correct ? 
  alice : no , i hate it . 
  it has no connection with the real world . 
  it denies feelings and emotions . 
  it involves being dishonest , thinking you ca n't be jealous and stuff . 
  also it seems a boring club to be in , full of middle-class wankers . 
  it 's lifestyle-ism . 
  dunst : it 's a privilege anyway , for people who have the time and money to worry about things like is it alright to buy south african oranges or call my best mate a cunt . 
  like danbert is n't follically challenged . 
  he 's a bald bastard . 
  but these days the world is full of boring dickheads trying to pick you up '' . 
  this used to be the anarchist stance on political correctness , 20 years ago . 
  those people who call themselves anarchists and are pc now might be more comfortable on the liberal left , or , frankly , the authoritarian left . 
  that 's where the impetus for language policing and censorship come from , not from the anarchists . 
  but the official stance of the church of england on evolution seems to be that it 's compatible with faith , that is , they seem to endorse a kind of theistic evolution . 
  that is also the case with the catholic church . 
  so in that case , they would n't teach creationism . 
  it turns out , if you look into it , that the jews , the orthodox christians , the catholic church , and most protestant sects endorse some sort of theistic evolution . 
  biblical literalism and creationism tends to be confined to a small number of protestant sects , most of them in the united states and sub-saharan africa . 
  so the only schools that would ever have been in danger of teaching creationism here , or ever wanted to , were a few private christian schools who were influenced by the american evangelical strain of christianity . 
  calm yourself , i never said a word about the referendum . 
  they do n't , but they should do . 
  i 've never read her books or seen any of the films , because i 'm over 15 . 
  her and her stupid books can fuck off as far as i 'm concerned . 
  she showed every sign of being slightly mentally unbalanced even thirty years ago . 
  i was talking to an old man who was in the raf in world war ii , who told me that he thought the entire allied bombing campaign was a waste of time , and that the war was won and germany defeated because `` the russians kicked the arses ootae them '' . 
  i 'm going to bed . 
  but before i do , i will say this . 
  whatever the average scotsman has got since 1714 ( 1707 would have been a better year for you to start from ) he has got through his own work . 
  not because of an abstract thing called capitalism . 
  it was short-term neoliberal thinking that shut down all the industries in scotland and threw millions out of work . 
  it was being part of a union with england which diverted all the oil money down south . 
  all the benefits , all the privileges , all the nice things that we have now in the west comes from people 's labour , and not from anywhere else , not from some capitalist ruling class which gives it as a free gift . 
  progress has happened in spite of capitalism and not because of it . 
  progress has happened because of working class organisation , trade unions , and sometimes hard physical struggle . 
  meanwhile , the old patterns of exploitation are simply farmed out to the third world , or to china or taiwan or sri lanka or whatever . 
  the only place wealth has come from , the only place `` value '' has come from , the only place progress has come from , is from labour . 
  as for comparing me to elliot what 's his name , i really think that that kind of ad-homming is unworthy of an intelligent person . 
  this is not about me . 
  `` socialism is about envy '' is what every single reactionary with a lot to lose says when confronted with the need for change . 
  i am not * blaming the other * . 
  i am blaming a specific social and economic system called capitalism , whose main ideas are private ownership of the means of production and production for profit . 
  there is no hatred in me , but there is contempt for people who have swallowed its ideology , and a sort of dismay that such people exist , especially when said system is literally threatening the continuance of life on earth . 
  and lastly , at the very end , like every `` moderate '' centrist , you reveal yourself as an authoritarian , a little petty reactionary , when you talk about putting down revolutions . 
  that 's what usually lies behind all the liberal talk , all the optimistic guff about markets . 
  what lies behind it is reaction and violence . 
  i only had to scratch your `` moderate '' veneer slightly to reveal it . 
  there are some thing that can not be co-opted , can not be commodified , can not be reified . 
  there are some things that have a value beyond their monetary value . 
  and people ought to be able to run their own lives and not be subject to the whims of arbitrary hierarchies , whether it 's a hierarchy of the rich , or the traditional aristocracy , or any other kind of self-appointed ruling class , including the would-be technocrats and business parasites that abound on reddit . 
  that is all . 
  ick . 
  you again have n't grasped what ideology is . 
  it 's when you 've so absorbed a set of ideas that you begin to think of them as natural , as objective , as universal , as inevitable . 
  those ideas are usually the prevailing ideas of society , which reflect its class structure . 
  `` the greatest value creation machine in history '' . 
  which only creates value for a few . 
  this is only one of its enormous flaws and weaknesses . 
  you are utterly wrong in thinking that your way , your centrism , is the only way of doing things , and that you are the only one who has it right , because you 're so much smarter than everyone else . 
  `` they invented the damn thing so it seems fair enough to let them name it '' . 
  well they did n't invent the english language , and we do n't have to follow their usage . 
  who said that i want to distribute stuff that others have earned ? 
  really , you 're so consumed with capitalistic buzzwords and slogans that i can hardly parse what you 're saying . 
  economic growth for its own sake is insane . 
  it is literally ruining the world . 
  it is not sustainable . 
  and it is manifestly not `` for all mankind '' but for a few . 
  there is just no conceivable way to justify it if you 're not totally politically illiterate and morally blind . 
  `` i have more than a billion people that agree with me '' . 
  there you go , putting on your ideological blinders again . 
  in my experience , it 's rather rare than otherwise to find active cheerleaders for capitalism , outside of the political class at least . 
  these people do exist , usually in the united states but sometimes in europe . 
  they have usually led very sheltered middle-class lives , cut off from the bases of production and anything approaching struggle , and see the world through very rose-coloured spectacles indeed . 
  most people have a more realistic view . 
  your `` free market capitalism '' does not exist . 
  all of these wonders that you point to , including the ones in east asia , are at least partly products of state intervention propping up markets , it 's not just the free operation of market forces . 
  markets , left to operate by themselves , go into chaotic cycles of overproduction and reckless speculation , and collapse .
