  yes ? 
  then it 's a capitalist country . 
  i think this is what the danish prime minister was highlighting . 
  as for libertarian , i 'm sticking with the original meaning , which is also the majority meaning . 
  the `` power plus prejudice '' definition for racism is a product of a small minority of identity politics activists in america , and i 100 % disagree with it and think it 's nonsense . 
  that 's yet another example of america 's peculiar political culture , which also includes excessive pc bullshit . 
  to me that 's an imprecise usage . 
  the very last place you want to look for precise usage of political language is the names of political parties and tendencies , which often have completely orwellian names . 
  i think that phrase predates marx , does it not ? 
  i did , i apologize . 
  i mean you 're right about miliband . 
  he did mean democratic socialism , in the labour tradition . 
  but i would say that that 's also an imprecise use of the word . 
  please do n't stoop so low as to godwin me . 
  you know perfectly well there 's all the difference in the world between socialism and `` nazional socializsmus '' . 
  whose usage is right is the generally agreed upon definition , that you can find in reputable dictionaries and encylopedias . 
  i 'm uneasy with this `` words can mean anything that you want them to mean '' business . 
  i think their use of `` liberal '' is ok , because it 's legitimately different enough from the european `` neo liberal '' or the british liberal . 
  it 's socialism and libertarian that they 're confused about . 
  as well as lots of other things . 
  sure . 
  i think `` left and right '' legitimately do mean different things in america and europe . 
  the thing is that it is n't the entirety of the country . 
  historically , the word `` socialism '' was used in exactly the same way as it 's used in europe , and a lot of the americans who call themselves socialists today also use it in the same way . 
  but yeah , america does have a unique political culture and they often do use words in odd or even opposite ways . 
  examples are `` libertarian '' `` liberal '' and now `` socialist '' . 
  they even have red for conservative and blue for liberal , which is the opposite of literally everywhere else , including canada . 
  i 've got very little patience for pandering to the odd political vocabulary of america . 
  i think they ought to be gently corrected , like one would correct a wayward child . 
  i think , for instance , that the word `` libertarian '' should be taken back from the mental free market people , and i also think the word socialism should be used in the correct way . 
  just because a large powerful country uses it like that , does n't mean it 's right . 
  america is important , but they 're only 5 % of the world . 
  you were asking me to prove it , so that was my attempt to prove it . 
  go over to / r/socialism and ask the americans there , when they wake up , what they mean by socialism . 
  or look up the following things , socialist party of america , eugene debs , iww . 
  historically socialism in america meant exactly the same thing it did in europe . 
  i do n't know why it 's changed in recent years , like i say maybe because of cold war attempts to associate it with russia . 
  no , he just knows that the word is used in a strange way in america . 
  i do n't know why it is . 
  maybe because of cold war propaganda purposes . 
  if you can get the idea of more state intervention associated with the commies , then you can discredit it . 
  but sanders is obviously trying to recuperate the word . 
  but still , the various socialist parties that have existed in america used the word in the sense of worker ownership of means of production , not welfare capitalism . 
  and if you go over to / r/socialism and ask the americans there , they also use it in that sense . 
  that is in fact the precise , correct definition , that if you look up reputable dictionaries and encylopedias , that 's what it says . 
  `` socialism '' has the same definition in america . 
  the use of `` socialism '' to mean `` social democracy '' is simply wrong usage . 
  why not the stone age ? 
  let 's go all the way back . 
  a cave can be quite a comfortable place to live . 
  it does n't seem to be clear to lars l\u00f8kke rasmussen , or he would n't have felt the need to clarify it . 
  let 's just call the ceo caesar augustus rex imperator and the board the patricians . 
  might as well go back all the way . 
  what america thinks socialism means : a more active state , more intervention in the economy , social democracy , welfare capitalism . 
  what socialism actually means : worker ownership and control of means of production , from each according to his ability , to each according to his need . 
   soverenity does not reside on people but in god for `` god '' read `` a group of men who are the self-appointed spokesmen of god '', 
  you 're wasting a lot of your own time by arguing against a strawman . 
  a lot of your arguments which you think apply to communism , actually apply to capitalism . 
  i agree that the tactics were wrong . 
  however i 'm not so sure about the `` human nature '' business . 
  whenever i see the phrase `` human nature '' i cringe a bit , especially in relation to marx . 
  marx of all people showed that it is the economic system which determines the nature of man , not the other way around . 
  like most arguments against socialism , your argument commits two major errors . 
  1 , begging the question , and 2 , building a strawman . 
  this is very common among people who like to criticize marx without having read him , or who assume that the whole history of socialism can be summed up in the soviet union . 
  here are just some of your assumptions which i think are wrong . 
  there is a fixed `` human nature '' which determines the dominant economic form ( instead of the other way about ) . 
  socialism or communism always leads to dictatorship ( do n't see why this should be so ) . 
  people wo n't work without large cash incentives ( clearly not necessarily true ) . 
  socialism or communism involves not wanting to advance oneself ( part of the strawman ) . 
  what about the spanish anarchists , the libertarian wing of communism ? 
  what about the bakuninists , who separated from the marxists at the first international and predicted the whole course of authoritarian socialism ? 
  what about the worker 's councils of hungary 56 , whose anniversary we 've just been celebrating ? 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but if you 're going to talk about these things at all , you should research them a bit . 
  `` communism ca n't work , because human nature '' is so common that it 's on the anti-socialist bingo card , along with `` but gulags '' . 
  all very common , and totally misconceived , arguments . 
  you give the impression of being one of those people who like to talk about marx on the internet without having read any of it . 
  he does n't talk about class warfare , but about class struggle . 
  to me , if you look at the history of europe through the lens of class struggle and materialism , it makes perfect sense . 
  it 's a fact that there has always been class struggle in europe . 
  you can see it in ancient rome , in the middle ages , in the 19th and 20th centuries , and today . 
  the whole history of europe is a history of class struggle . 
  but yeah , his predictions were certainly wrong . 
  he thought that a revolution would happen in germany , not a backwards country like russia . 
  well , we disagree , that 's all . 
  no need to get irate . 
  not even talking about marx , just trying to argue against your rather naive view of capitalism . 
  capitalism has n't caused millions of deaths , except all wars of imperialism , both world wars , the proxy wars of the cold war , and all deaths from poverty and treatable diseases , and all the suicides and broken lives caused by poverty and financial instability . 
  i mean , it 's indefensible . 
  give it up , stop defending it this disgusting thing . 
  it 's like vaneigem said , `` too many corpses strew the paths of individualism and collectivism . 
  two apparently contrary rationalities cloak an identical gangsterism , and identical oppression of the individual man . '', 
  here 's a man who 's never read a book . 
  150 years ago . 
   if he was alive today he would just admit he was wrong about communism and revise his beliefs in the face of evidence . 
  his predictions were wrong , definitely . 
  but i think his basic analysis of capitalism was correct . 
  and so was his historical materialism . 
  dialectics i am less keen on , but dialectics is a hegelian thing . 
  then there are the fourth group , who are a bit more well-read than the third group and have discovered that communism predates marx .
