  the question is n't relevant . 
  you 're strawmanning shamelessly at this point . 
  i do n't see why it 's relevant . 
  what 's that got to do with it ? 
  your britannica article was written by an american , and your link to oxford says `` us english '' . 
  do you not get that it has one meaning in america , and another meaning in the rest of the world ? 
  i 'm not an american , so why should i use the american meaning ? 
  i already pointed out that the anarchists were n't pacifists , and i still do n't know why you thought that they were . 
  say no more ; you 're the one who truly understands what true liberty is ; everybody else is mistaken . 
  you and murray rothbard and the cato institute are right ; everybody else is wrong . 
  i get it now . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  anyone who used the word `` liberty '' in history ( and lots of people did ) were libertarians , but people who called themselves libertarians and their philosophy libertarianism , were not libertarians ? 
  the anarchists are not usually pacifists . 
  i do n't know why you thought they were . 
  answer the question . 
  did the anarchists refer to themselves as `` libertarians '' and their programme as `` libertarianism '' before the free market people ? 
  yes or no ? 
   wikipedia does not trump the britannica but that one article does trump something biased written by a guy from the cato institute . 
  does use of the word `` libertarian '' by the anarchists , or does it not , predate use of the word by the right and the free market people ? 
  answer honestly now . 
   my source trumps your source . 
  nah it does n't . 
  my source is the wikipedia article , which says this : `` although the word libertarian continues to be widely used to refer to socialists internationally , its meaning in the united states has deviated from its political origins . '', 
  now this is just a matter of historical fact , which for some reason you 're in a weird denialism about . 
  your source is literally something written by a guy from the cato institute . 
  also , i 've cited the chomsky speech `` government in the future '' several times now , and he repeats the ideas in it in his published works . 
  does n't matter . 
  it predates the right 's use of the word , or the free marketeer 's use of the word . 
  i 'm afraid you 're the one who 's in the minority , and are using the word in an odd way . 
  the fact is that thomas jefferson did n't call himself a libertarian , but the anarchists of the 19th and early 20th centuries did . 
  because they were , and he was n't . 
  it is a fact that the word `` libertarianism '' referred to anarchism before it referred to free market liberalism . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just a historical fact . 
  it is not only the original meaning but also the majority meaning . 
  i 'd take anything the cato institute says with an enormous pinch of salt . 
  like i say , it 's a good article on american-style `` libertarianism '' , as defined by the cato institute . 
  it 's not a good article on libertarianism in general . 
  it 's true to say that , for instance , the spanish anarchists in the 1930 's referred to themselves as libertarians . 
  ( communismo libertario ) . 
  i do n't think thomas jefferson ever did . 
  what the guy from the cato institute is doing is just retroactively applying the label to people that he likes . 
  it did n't take on that meaning until after the war , and then only in one place , america . 
  before that it was just called laissez-faire capitalism , or social darwinism , two of the most discredited ideas in history . 
  which is why they had to change the name . 
  the idea that market libertarianism is the lineal descendant of classical liberalism is debunked pretty conclusively in chomsky 's `` government in the future '' , which is why i mentioned it . 
  i 'm sure it 's a very good article on american-style libertarianism , but it 's not a good article on libertarianism in general . 
  it 's the cato institute version of what libertarianism is , and is thus , highly ideological . 
  the wikipedia article 's much better , and more accurate . 
  `` written by : david boaz . 
  biographical information executive vice president , cato institute , washington , d.c. '' need i say more ? 
  if you read , or listen to , chomsky 's speech , `` government in the future '' , he very convincingly argues that the natural descendant of classical liberalism is libertarian socialism . 
  i think it 's on youtube , google it and you 'll probably find it . 
  the `` libertarianism meaning laissez-faire capitalism '' thing is a minority , american usage . 
  i prefer to stick to the original , and majority , usage . 
  i 'm talking about anarchism per se , bakunin , kropotkin , etc , not marx or american-style `` libertarianism '' . 
  the wikipedia article is actually better : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libertarianism if you look at this article , you 'll see that libertarian was originally more or less a synonym for anarchism , and then only later , after the war , some people in america decided to adopt the term for neo-laissez faire type stuff . 
  more or less the same as anarchism . 
  same thing more or less . 
  look again at the definitions . 
  socialism : a system whereby the workers , or the state on behalf of the workers , owns and controls the means of production . 
  not only can this exist in reality , at various times in the past it has existed in reality . 
  yes , but it still informs left parties and organisations as an ideal . 
  i mean , if you 're going to restrict yourself to the established political parties , they 're all rather mainstream , part of the establishment . 
  that does n't make socialism as an ideal , politically irrelevant . 
  it just means it is n't in the mainstream . 
  but why would it be ? 
  where does it say `` everyone act perfectly '' ? 
  it 's not as politically irrelevant as you might think . 
  to me , and to the danish prime minister , that 's simply incorrect . 
  i 'm baffled by this , because `` socialism '' has always meant to me worker control of production , not social democracy . 
  that 's what it means when i look it up in good dictionaries and encyclopedias , that 's what it means in virtually every book i 've read , and that 's what it means to most people i 've spoken to . 
  `` socialism '' meaning `` relatively more state intervention in the economy '' is something i mostly associate with america . 
  it 's common to hear the army and the fire service described as `` socialist '' on reddit , for instance . 
  so i think the latter definition of socialism is the minority one , and also the wrong one . 
  not everyone , the government does . 
  but the american government does as well , they 're just tied in how much they can do , because of the 1st amendment , which i do admit is an admirable thing which i wish we had . 
  anyway , it 's not a competition . 
  do you mean that `` socialism '' should now mean `` social democracy '' and the old sense of socialism should be covered by `` marxism '' ? 
  but that 's imprecise as well , since socialism predates marx and marxian socialism is only one type of socialism . 
  what 's ambiguous about the accepted definition , which is , a system where the workers , or the state on behalf of the workers , owns the means of production , and operates them on the basis of to each according to his ability , from each according to need ? 
  this is an idea that predates marx , mind . 
  well there is that . 
  that 's something i do envy the americans for , and wish we had something like that . 
  but that 's more of a freedom of speech issue than a pc issue , is it not ? 
  i just said , politicians and political parties are the very last people you want to look to for precise and honest language . 
  they use deliberately vague language , and they 're notoriously dishonest . 
  george orwell spoke about all this long ago in his essay `` politics and the english language '' , which i would recommend for everyone . 
  as for the pakistani rape gangs , they said they were pakistanis on the news . 
  that 's how i know that they were . 
   who has the bigger problem with political correctness ? 
  definitely america at this point . 
  then why not just use the more precise phrase , `` social democracy '' , so that there 's no confusion ? 
  we 've got to be precise about political language , and words have got to have agreed upon meanings , or there 's nothing left but linguistic anarchy . 
  `` socialism '' does have a generally agreed upon meaning , which is to do with who owns means of production . 
  this is n't just the marxist version but the generally accepted version . 
  here 's a test to tell if something is socialist or not . 
  do the workers , or the state on behalf of the workers , own and control the means of production ? 
  then it 's not socialist . 
  do private individuals and companies own and control the means of production , and operate them for profit ?
