  your free market exists nowhere in a pure form , for every good economic reason . 
  as for the nebulous concept of `` value '' ... we all know , or should , that capitalism does not create what people need , or even what they want , but merely what they are willing to pay for . 
  real creativity is not useless , but absolutely vital . 
  and it does not involve throwing shit at people , what a ridiculous strawman . 
  it 's the system you 're so fond of that throws shit at people , in the form of advertising , in the form of ideology , in the form of the spectacle . 
  you 're saying that absolutely everything must have a cash value and a price on it to be worth anything . 
  that is a disgusting way of thinking about the world . 
  it means that you can not conceive of an experience , a moment , a love affair , a work of art , a memory , a beautiful woman , a view , without putting a cash value on it and conceptualising it as a commodity . 
  if this is the case then i really feel sorry for you . 
  it does n't seem to me that you 're winning , especially with that kind of philosophy . 
  it 's a philosophy that any normal human would feel sickened by . 
  i think it 's worse than nazism , worse than stalin , worse than a serial killer or a child molester . 
  i have nothing but contempt for your disgusting , small-minded , bourgeois-mercantile idiocy , that cares about nothing but money , and sees everything in terms of transactions and commodities , that sees `` the price of everything and the value of nothing '' . 
  and you call it `` humanity 's progress '' !, 
  and you assert that you would take up arms to defend it !, 
  let 's be honest here : you would be taking up arms to defend your own financial interests and class privilege , and nothing else . 
  this is about a selfish man being selfish , not about `` humanity 's progress '' . 
  `` supply and demand is not an ideology '' . 
  of course it is . 
  i see that you 're not really aware of what `` ideology '' means . 
  i do n't mean like an ism , a political ideology . 
  i mean it more in the engels sense . 
  a sort of belief that capitalism is natural . 
  it is an ideology , and one of the silliest and weakest ideologies for an adult human to be in the grip of . 
  so your idea of the values of the left is this : people jumping off an aeroplane ? 
  ( i cringed at the americanism `` airplane '' ) . 
  that hints to me that perhaps you know nothing about the left , as all your comments seem to suggest . 
  i do n't know what you 've contributed , and you do n't know what i 've contributed , but this is not the place for your boasting , and i 'm not going to listen to it . 
  i am talking about politics , it 's not an individual competition between you and me . 
  people like you always have to individualise everything . 
  i do n't talk only for myself , but for the millions , yes millions , who agree with me . 
  needless to say i disagree with your dictum that capitalism encourages `` creativity '' . 
  i think that it actually stifles real creativity as a matter of course , and encourages creativity only in one direction ; that of profit . 
  it is your kind of thinking , this materialist-mercantile bourgeois idiocy , that is incrementally ruining the world and filling it full of shit , by turning fucking everything and everyone into a commodity , and infesting all values and everything sacred and beautiful with this impersonal , cold , deadly nexus of market exchange . 
  40ish countries you have visited , apparently with rose coloured glasses on the whole time . 
  apparently you did n't notice the grinding poverty that many , many people have to live in . 
  you went around in a blissful panglossian daze , noticing only the benefits of your glorious capitalism . 
  i 'm glad that you 're content , but you 're only content like the idiot in the asylum is content . 
  you 're content like a child is content with a toy . 
  you have got entirely wrong ideas about almost everything and have swallowed the ideology of neoliberal capitalism uncritically , whose slogans you then regurgitate . 
  you have so absorbed this ideology that you are not even conscious of it as an ideology . 
  you have absorbed it as a philosophy that makes you feel content when there is chaos and tubulence all around you , which you traipse through unseeingly , sighing patronisingly over the silly people who say everything is n't perfect and things need to be changed . 
  that a man can grow to the age of 30 believing these things , like a child , is something that you ought to be deeply ashamed about , and is indicative of a deeply sheltered middle class existence . 
  also , if there is less poverty now , and less war now , it is because of ordinary people 's work and organisation . 
  it is in spite of your beloved capitalism and not because of it . 
  no , ** most of us are not very happy with where we are ** sir . 
  you speak for yourself . 
  oh my god please stop replying to me . 
  you must be 14 years old . 
  literally everything you are saying is incorrect . 
  the ideology that you are in the grip of is the bourgeois one . 
  that 's why you have got literally everything wrong . 
  your little centrist middling ideology is the epitome of idiocy , it 's you that is n't touching reality . 
  the rhetoric that you have unquestioningly swallowed makes you sound like a politically illiterate fool . 
  you can not have a libertarian right . 
  it 's a contradiction in terms . 
  that 's because the basic right wing belief is in hierarchy , and only the real dense would be so ideologically stultified as to think this hierarchy is self-justifying and natural . 
  your `` capitalism is good because computers '' argument is among the worst i 've ever seen on the internet . 
  i ca n't imagine where you get your information from , but you need some new sources quickly . 
  i am not trolling . 
  my point is to defend the left , or left ideas , against the prejudices of people who seem to have no idea what the left is , or what it stands for , but instead , have swallowed a lot of daft american ideas and rhetoric ( market libertarianism and so on ) while extolling the virtues of scandinavian liberal democracy as a sort of hegelian end point of history . 
  i think your ideas are utterly bizarre , and i think you know nothing about politics , and it 's a shame that an adult should think such rubbish , never mind confidently write it . 
  i think you 're in the grip of an ideology . 
  i hardly know where to begin . 
  i do think it 's a shame that people in scandinavia should adopt american political discourse wholesale . 
  your use of these buzzwords and rhetoric is absolutely ideological and question-begging . 
  i know this market liberalism nonsense is popular in america , but i always had a prejudice that people in europe were more intelligent . 
  far be it from me to cast aspersions on sweden , but it is not the end point of civilization . 
  i would question that `` very stable environment '' thing . 
  that 's not how it seems to me , in britain at least . 
  you say that they are n't treated any worse because of their ideology , but this entire thread would seem to be evidence against that . 
  `` in the eyes of a neutral beholder they are merely lunatical criminals '' . 
  i would suggest , then , that that neutral beholder knows very little about politics . 
  you mention at the end nazism and communism . 
  what on earth does that have to do with the extreme left , who are anarchistic ? 
  there is not anyone who is currently , or was historically , more opposed to state totalitarianism than the libertarian left . 
  not only did the anarchists oppose the soviet union from the beginning , they were the only people who predicted what authoritarian communism would be like . 
  no my friend , i 'm afraid stalin and hitler are the historical baggage of the statists and nationalists , not the historical baggage of the anarchists . 
  old-style authoritarian communists and maoists do exist on the left , but they 're few and far between , and not taken very seriously . 
  sorry i meant `` there , you 're being reductionist '' . 
  well they 're you 're being very reductionist indeed . 
  the left is not one enormous monolith that is all the same . 
  in fact , one frustrating and notorious feature of the left is infighting . 
  the anarchists and trotskyists , or people in that lineage , are as bitterly opposed to the authoritarian communists and heirs of stalin as anyone else , in fact , often more so . 
  there is n't anyone who fought harder against stalinist tyranny than the anarchist and trotskyist left . 
  an anarchist can not be an authoritarian . 
  it 's a contradiction in terms . 
  the anti-pacifist argument on the left is this : the state itself is a form of violence , and perpetrates huge violence every day , in imposing certain political and economic forms on the world . 
  it is also protected by violence , as anyone who has ever been on a protest will probably tell you . 
  the state has historically been guilty of enormous acts of violence , including genocides , and it is not good enough , in some way it is an abrogation of responsibility , to merely take refuge in passive resistance to this . 
  sometimes self-defence is justified and necessary . 
  sometimes active , physical resistance to injustice is necessary . 
  sometimes direct action is necessary . 
  the belief in bourgeois politics , voting , obedience to the law whether or not the laws make any sense , and so on , is the really idiotic thing . 
  that 's the argument in a nutshell . 
  why are n't the nazis a good definition of what a nationalist is ? 
  i think this whole thread is just assuming that centrism and `` moderation '' and liberalism is the way to do everything , with no evidence to back that up . 
  i can expound on the true philosophical underpinnings of left anti-pacifism if you like , but i 'd only get downvoted to oblivion . 
  this middle-class kind of idea that only the middle way is ever valid is truly bourgeois and i would almost say cowardly . 
  it 's just as much an ideology as anything coming from the extreme poles of left and right .
