it 's `` pleaded '' not `` pled '' . 
  `` the mob '' is mainly an american thing . 
  there have always been italian immigrants in britain . 
  the ones in scotland mostly had ice cream shops and fish and chip shops . 
  i went to a catholic school that had quite a few scots italians . 
  one of my best friends at school was a scottish-italian boy whose dad owned fish and chip shops . 
  surely the current leaders are the whole problem ? 
  for months this sub has been ridiculing the claim that there are neo-nazis and fascists involved in the ukrainian forces , and that photo would seem to me to be irrefutable proof . 
  that 's exactly the same excuse that any imperialist nation uses . 
  `` you see , all we want to do is * help * these people '' . 
  it 's exactly the same . 
  america feels it has the right to intervene in countries which it considers to be in its `` sphere of influence '' , and russia does the same . 
  but at least in the case of crimea , it has historical links with russia and a russian majority . 
  [ cruc\u00e1n na bp\u00e1iste - karen matheson ] ( http://youtu.be/bgkaft_lzdu ) [ emily smith - the silver tassie ] ( http://youtu.be/fhgc49wuz9q ) [ eric bogle sings the green fields of france ] ( http://youtu.be/dxkhbvo8_km ) [ niel gow 's lament for his second wife ] ( http://youtu.be/wobu8jgoetm ) i think that 's all the languages : gaelic , scots , english , and fiddle . 
  [ list of u.s. interventions in latin america ] ( http://www.yachana.org/teaching//resources/interventions.html ) . 
  and to be honest , the russians have certainly got a more viable historical claim to crimea than the americans have to anywhere that they 've invaded . 
  it does seem to be full of russian-speaking russians . 
  we can all make up fairy stories . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'm quite interested in what happens in the real world . 
  i like russian literature , tolstoy , gogol , chekhov , dostoyevsky , turgenev , gorky , solzhenitsyn , and so on . 
  some of the best psychological insights that europe has produced . 
  i also appreciate russian painting , especially the 19th century painters , who are absolutely under-appreciated . 
  perhaps they would if they 'd had centuries of british imperialism . 
  imagine what this map would 've looked like 100 years ago . 
  this is because they are sanctioning people left right and centre . 
  i do n't see that it has anything to do with irrational feelings . 
  it has to do with historical facts . 
  the only irrational thing to me is in wanting to keep hold of a name redolent of british imperialism in the area , thus confusing some people and annoying others . 
  it is n't the same situation . 
  but examples of this kind of thing have happened in scotland in the past , too . 
  for instance , on old maps you can see fife referred to as `` fifeshire '' which is an anglicisation of the actual name , which is fife . 
  those are exactly what one ca n't and should n't exclude , and it 's not so much about feelings as facts . 
  if you look at derry on the map you 'll see that the river foyle runs through it , and it may be that in the 17th century it could be considered two separate settlements , but it ca n't be considered such now . 
  and since the name `` derry '' predates the `` london '' part , and since the `` london '' part causes confusion and resentment , and has imperialist overtones , i am merely suggesting that the city , for simplicity 's sake , ought to resort to the original ( that is , earlier ) name , derry . 
  `` londonderry '' immediately evokes memories of british imperialism and the ulster plantation . 
  i ca n't think of a reason to hang onto it . 
  it ought to be renamed , or resort to its original name , for the same reasons that sackville street in dublin was renamed o'connell street . 
  i say it 's exactly the same as germanization or russification of polish names in poland ; a part of imperialism . 
  but `` derry '' is an irish word , and `` london '' is an english one . 
  you work it out . 
  it 's not very hard . 
  oh come on . 
  do you think there is no political content in the germanization or polonization of place-names in europe ? 
  of course it mattered very much to the poles whether the name of their town was russian or german or polish . 
  it 's a very similar situation . 
  imperial powers like to name or rename things , and when the places revert back to being controlled by their original people , they usually revert back to their original name , or rename the place . 
  this business of place-names is n't politically neutral at all . 
  now do n't be silly . 
  i do n't think so . 
  no , i mean the original name , derry . 
  it 's very simple . 
  and , as far as i can make out , the original name of gdansk is gdansk , before the germans got hold of it . 
  my original comment : `` it would resolve all confusion to simply call it its original name , which is derry . '', 
  `` disingenuous '' means to be dishonest by pretending to know less about a situation than you actually do . 
  i am not pretending to know less about this situation than i do , nor am i being dishonest . 
  this is my real opinion . 
  i am not neutral and i am taking sides . 
  i think the plantation of ulster was an act of imperialist aggression which included this renaming . 
  there are no rhetorical games being played by me . 
  i 'm not being disingenuous . 
  i genuinely think it ought to be called its original name . 
  just as i think gdansk ought to be called gdansk and not danzig . 
  the plantation of ulster was an act of imperialist aggression . 
  part of imperialism involves this renaming business . 
  to me , it seems clear-cut . 
  it would resolve all confusion to simply call it its original name , which is derry . 
  i do . 
  spies . 
  if you can deconvert them from the militant form of islam , allowing them still to be muslims , then they might make useful intelligence agents . 
  it 's not about sympathy . 
  any good intelligence on an enemy means , to an extent , putting yourself in their place and trying to figure out their motivations . 
  the more thoroughly you understand your enemy , the more you 'll be able to predict their actions . 
  if they were really ideologically sound you 'd think they would renounce their citizenship of the evil crusader infidel kafir states and go off and get themselves martyred somewhere . 
  the question is , is it safer to let them go off to pakistan or elsewhere and become future terrorists , potentially causing a problem in the future , or is it safer to have them here , prosecute them , and put them in jail where they will at least be kept an eye on , and also might provide information ? 
  the reductionist view of the causes of the war really irritates me . 
  `` if it had n't been for princip , all those millions of people would n't have died '' . 
  come on . 
  the various imperial powers of europe had been edging towards it for at least thirty years . 
  if it had n't have been that particular spark , it would have been another . 
  [ the agadir crisis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agadir_crisis ) in 1911 , for instance , could 've kicked it off . 
  also , assassinations were fairly common in the period . 
  the really incendiary thing was the ultimatum that austria delivered to serbia in july , knowing full well that they could n't accept its conditions , and backed up by the german kaiser . 
  and if everyone was as oblivious as wells suggests , how come germany and britain had been engaged in a naval arms race for the previous 10 years or so ? 
  how come churchill , the first lord of the admiralty , almost resigned earlier in 1914 over limitations on the size of the navy ? 
  of course people knew it was going to happen . 
  although , the soviets under lenin originally had progressive policies toward gays , which changed under stalin . 
  if they were monarchists and conservatives , then they were n't very `` left '' . 
  there are already enormous numbers of english students in edinburgh and st. andrews , to the point that local people struggle to get places there . 
  many of these people are well-off financially , and include members of the british aristocracy . 
  it 's only right that they should contribute to this country whose educational facilities they are using , and it 's only right that local people should have their education subsidised to an extent , which is a scottish tradition . 
  otherwise , working class scottish people like myself would never have been able to go to university , and the scottish universities would simply be a preserve of the english and scottish upper middle classes , as well as a large number of ( sometimes wealthy ) international students . 
  it 's not a xenophobic principle that the scottish universities , which were built and are maintained by scottish people , ought to be able to be used by scottish people . 
  at least you wo n't click on the link and just see showbiz celeb news and kardashian arse everywhere . 
  there must be a better source than the daily star website . 
  cnn has also been known to display this [ carefree attitude to geography ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2093986/cnn-news-map-locates-london-norfolk.html ), 
  how convenient for the employers to have a transnational pool of labour to pick and choose from , and pit against one another . 
  never heard those words before . 
  the scots have actually good a very good sense of humour . 
  `` overall , i think even your russian friends would admit that it is not a good place '' . 
  you 're right .
