  sometimes it 's necessary to fight physically against injustice and yes , oppression . 
  sometimes it 's necessary to take direct action . 
  i think it 's all the people who still believe in parliaments and voting and so on , who are the stupid ones . 
  if / r/europe had its way , everyone would have stayed home in 1789 , and 1848 , and 1917 , and 1968 , or just supported a nice liberal candidate at the polls who would promise not to change anything . 
  you must be one of those market liberals . 
  as such , i hardly know what to say to you . 
  you seem to have followed the american way of looking at things , where everything is opposite . 
  i think i 'll just leave it at that . 
  that word should be used a lot more as far as i 'm concerned . 
  especially around here . 
  in this thread : a lot of bourgeois crybaby hand-wringing from people who know fuck all about politics , and who still believe in `` moderation '' and `` centrism '' despite the fact that that 's got us fucking nowhere . 
  and he links to a conservative newspaper . 
  if these people are not `` left '' , then why is this being blamed on `` the left '' ? 
  the basic difference between left and right is that the right believes in hierarchy , that some people are naturally better than others , and that we ought to live in a hierarchical society , with an aristocracy of some sort at the top , either composed of the traditional aristocracy , or a racial aristocracy , or an aristocracy of the rich . 
  the other basic right belief is that people are inherently bad , and therefore need strong authoritarian government . 
  the basic left belief , by contrast , is in basic human equality . 
  the basic right tendency is authoritarian , and the basic left tendency is libertarian . 
  thus , just as you ca n't have an authoritarian left without severe contradictions and problems , you ca n't have a libertarian right without severe contradictions and problems . 
  this is simplified of course , but these two axes , of hierarchy-authoritarianism and equality-libertarianism , and one 's relative place between them , are the most important in determining a person 's politics , and in fact are the origin of the terms left and right which originated in the french national assembly , with the monarchists ( tradition , hierarchy , authority ) to the right and the radicals ( liberty , equality , fraternity ) to the left . 
  i do n't think that 's right . 
  yeah , it 's basically just a cross with arms radiating from the points , to suggest movement . 
  seems to be mostly a sun symbol . 
  the sun moving across the sky , but it 's a multi-layered symbol . 
  you get clockwise and anti-clockwise swastikas , which symbolize the male and female apparently . 
  i think you can still get away with using them as long as they 're not explicitly the nazi ones . 
  i know i sometimes draw them and most people do n't know or notice what they are . 
  here is what my `` encyclopedia of tradtional symbols '' has to say about the swastika : `` one of the oldest and most complex of symbols , prehistoric and universal except for parts of africa and sumeria ; found extensively in all asia and in the pre-aryan indus valley civilization , used widely by jains , buddhists and devotees of vishnu ; general in pre-columbian america , both north and south , frequently used among the hittites and found on pottery in cyprus and troy , appeared comparatively early in central , west and north europe , in iceland , lapland , finland and pre-christian ireland and scotland and with the brigantes in england when it was associated with the pagan bridgit or bride '' . 
  and so on , there is much , much more in this vein . 
  it goes on for pages . 
  i really belong in hungary , apparently . 
  what has russia done that is any different from what the united states or britain would do ? 
  that 's the issue here . 
  i dare say my russian friend knows more about russia than you do . 
  why ca n't the russian parts of ukraine have self-determination , as ethnic russians ? 
  russia is not behaving justly . 
  on the other hand , it is behaving in exactly the same way as any other state would under the same circumstances . 
  it 's the kind of realpolitik that every state engages in , especially large and powerful ones , and we in the west are abject hypocrites if we condemn it when russia does it , but approve it when we do it . 
  and you ca n't have been on reddit very long if you think hostility against russia limits itself to hostility against the russian state . 
  you should read some of the idiotic xenophobic comments i 've read . 
  i do n't like the russian state either , but at least it 's a counterbalancing force . 
  these people who want a unipolar world , that is , a world dominated by america with a subservient eu , are stuck in the cold war . 
  well , my russian friend tells me that the crimea has been russian for a long , long time . 
  the people who live there are russians who speak russian , with a minority of ukrainians . 
  it was transferred to ukraine only in 1954 , when ukraine was also a part of the soviet union . 
  that 's a bit different from invading romania . 
  i do n't know what romania 's got to do with this . 
  and as i said in my comment , history may explain why various europeans are distrustful of the russian state . 
  but it does n't mean you have to hate russians . 
  they 're not the only ones , in europe or america , who have ever engaged in annexations , are they ? 
  that 's not the way it seems to me . 
  i like some of russia today . 
  the reporting seems to me to be good in many cases . 
  to compare it to fox news is daft . 
  the journalism on fox news is several degrees of magnitude worse , more dishonest , and more ignorant . 
  i do n't like putin or the russian state either . 
  of course it 's too authoritarian . 
  but i do not understand the raging russophobia on reddit . 
  this article is n't about russia today , which i 've always found to be fairly balanced . 
  why should n't someone talk about the dangers of the right in ukraine ? 
  my point was that having your news channel dominated by advertisers and business interests does not make for any better journalism than having your news channel dominated by the agenda of a national government . 
  pbs is slightly different because of the way it 's funded , and its non-profit status . 
  seems like a pretty narrow spectrum to me . 
  the american news networks are as absolutely in thrall to american business interests as russian tv is to the russian state . 
  anything from the daily mail can safely be ignored . 
  but there was a lot of highland migration into the central belt later on , and a lot of the old highland clans had norse roots . 
  thus we all have a wee bit of norse in us . 
  would you rather fight for the interests of the americans ? 
  specifically , the interests of the american moneyed classes ? 
  i know , it was a joke . 
  yeh falco is grate . 
  stuff that this lazy woman could be doing : sleep research . 
  draught excluder . 
  hot water bottle . 
  novelty paperweight . 
  come on love , we 're all in the marketplace now . 
  start pulling your weight . 
  my grandfather was in a coma throughout the 1930s . 
  he did n't just lie there , he put his comatose state to good use by working as a toilet brush . 
  and bloody grateful he was for the work too . 
  glorious opportunity to get rich !!!, 
  -- we are starting a cat ranch in lacon with 100,000 cats . 
  each cat will average 12 kittens a year . 
  the cat skins will sell for 30 cents each . 
  one hundred men can skin 5,000 cats a day . 
  we figure a daily net profit of over $ 10,000 . 
  now what shall we feed the cats ? 
  we will start a rat farm next door with 1,000,000 rats . 
  the rats breed 12 times faster than the cats . 
  so we will have four rats to feed each day to each cat . 
  now what shall we feed the rats ? 
  we will feed the rats the carcasses of the cats after they have been skinned . 
  now get this !, 
  we feed the rats to the cats and the cats to the rats and get the cat skins for nothing !, 
  we feed the rats to the cats and the cats to the rats and get the cat skins for nothing !, 
  we feed the rats to the cats and the cats to the rats and get the cat skins for nothing !, 
  a lot of the american tv programmes are pretty popular , mostly dramas and some sitcoms . 
  i sometimes like to watch the american news networks like fox news , just to see how crazy they get . 
  the christian channels are funny for the same reason . 
  it 's a myth that thatcher was working class . 
  instead , she was almost the epitome and dictionary definition of a petit-bourgeois , and it was these constipated , narrow values that she sought to impose on the rest of the country by running it like a giant grocer 's shop .
