i said `` in the latter case '' so i was referring to the grey wolves and the mhp being worse than erdogan . 
  not really . 
  kurds , rightly or wrongly , are not typically fans of kemalists . 
  yes , but even then ( in the grace period after the shambles and disaster of the 90 's chaos governments and imf assistance but before erdogan really started to establish himself as kind of a loony powerwhore ) it was still uneasily quasi-democratic . 
  there 's a reason kurds initially voted for erdogan ... 
  good luck with that . 
  after all that sort of strategy has historically been soooo successful . 
  hasnt ocalan renounced violence at this stage in life ? 
  surely he 'd be more useful outside prison to calm the situation down ? 
  it never was a democracy . 
  there 's no evidence for that . 
  kemalists and ultra-nationalists are just as bad , if not worse in the latter case , for kurds than erdogan 's islamonationalism . 
  if you ca n't learn to reconcile , then you 're still going to be grappling with the issue next century . 
  erdogan gets reasonably good results with kurds . 
  certainly he gets better results than the chp does with then anyway . 
  normally french legislative elections are so dependent on the presidential election beforehand there literally is n't any point running polls until we see what momentum occurs after the main race . 
  one of these days turkey is gon na be majority kurdish . 
  that will be amusing . 
  i think the crazy shepherd should win, 
  but they have a gay course . 
  that invalidates everything else / s, 
  trouble is the role is designed very specifically for charles de gaulle 's personality , and so none of his successors have been able to adapt to the position . 
  nah fully anglo , thanks though . 
  kind of complicated . 
  the reason ireland is considered very parochial is cause back in the day , fianna f\u00e1il was a very conservative organisation led by a man named eamon de valera , who had a very romanticised image of an ireland led by the church 's institutions and family values ; under whose leadership fianna f\u00e1il became the dominant force of irish politics using its strength in rural areas , with the result that the new irish constitution reflected this attitude . 
  as ireland lost its religious fervour with the introduction of mass media , increasingly secular education , a nasty materialist boom and the mass discrediting of the church due to scandal , the legacies of catholicism - the ban on abortion , the blasphemy law , the powerful catholic schools which make up most primary education are kind of left as an awkward legacy . 
  both fianna f\u00e1il and fine gael are more socially liberal than the constitution , but disagree on how urgently the constitution must be changed , and also do n't want to push the issues ( especially abortion ) too far because both have significant conservative wings . 
  fine gael had a fairly substantial true blue wing , but they damaged themselves after a few tried to form a new right wing party , renua , that flopped . 
  irish labour is very socially liberal though . 
  somebody replied to me saying they were like d66 and that 's a fair comparison tbh - they very much eschew economic leftism now to focus on liberal issues like secularism and abortion . 
  it actually means `` soldiers of destiny '' . 
  this is going to be a very vague comparison but fianna fail is kind of like your christian democrats , fine gael sort of like your vvd , labour is like your pvda ( although somehow even less left-wing ) and sinn fein is like sp but a bit more culty . 
  fuck you deputy stagg, 
  right of blair - they are a permanent attach\u00e9 to fine gael . 
  in going to dispute that characterisation of both uk and irish labour . 
  the latter is - for all intents and purposes - the socially liberal wing of fine gael . 
  the leadership made a conscious decision to deemphasize economic issues and focus on liberal causes like abortion and secularism , abandoning the left of the spectrum entirely for the shinners , to be he extent you could probably make a decent case that they are now to the right of fianna fail . 
  labour has never managed to consolidate the working class ( e.g. 
  it was quite common for the irish working class to fiercely support both fianna fail and uk labour , ignoring the irish labour party entirely ) , and its remaining audience is very educated middle class . 
  as for their parliamentarians , almost all of them would fit comfortably in the right of labour or even the lib dems ( there are no corbyns or dennis skinner 's in irish labour for instance ) and this has been the case for a very long time . 
  ( to the extent that you can make a case that irish labour is the most right wing socially democratic party in western europe , even more than the dutch - the sdlp do n't count ) heck i do n't even think they have a union affiliation anymore . 
  as for blair , well , in retrospect it 's astonishing how little his cosmetic changes really affected the party . 
  as soon as he left , labour sort of reverted into its old self of traditional union-affiliated member of the right asserting power in league with the soft left , and then jumped left even further back to the old bennite hard left , with the result that the blairites are now a hilariously powerless little rump making up about 5 percent of the party . 
  those massive protests were so bizarre in retrospect . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's not hyperbole , that 's just incorrect . 
  um people do protest a lot about fracking and coal mines ? 
  what planet are you from ? 
  i hate borders and nationalism . 
  only two big european countries with a risk of that : russia and turkey . 
  the idea that you can fix ethnic tensions by just bifurcating territories and drawing new borders is naive . 
  the only way to fix the problem is to intergrate them back together and reduce the poisonous effect of nationalistic identity politics . 
  i called this fwiw , although i assumed the modem alliance would collapse due to egotism rather than this mess , and not this quickly . 
  who would check ? 
  some sort of doorman that gropes you on the way in ? 
  i always imagine juncker statements with him gesticulating with a glass of wine at the end . 
  nationalism is identity politics . 
  nationalism is a tool of the global elite . 
  i think muslims view it as more of a tradition , while for jews circumcision at infancy is a commandment . 
  i think this veers into nanny state territory . 
  all nationalists are bad . 
  turkish , greek , german , british , mexican , black , white , japanese , russian , arabic , french , israeli , palestinian , indonesian , chinese , indian , european . 
  it 's all just a way of dividing and ruling humanity along petty lines . 
  tbf so is cyprus , and nobody thinks of them as part of the cultural middle east . 
  they would have to have an x chromosome as well - a yy chromosome would be unviable . 
  of course the nationalism is not `` liberal '' in the slightest - turkeys secular nationalists have committed unspeakably vile ethnic cleansing over the years , especially in the wane of the ottoman empire . 
  they hit 53 seats in 93 and the party they evolved from managed to decline to 40 seats at the end of the fourth repunlic iirc . 
  the thing is the communist party is actually more moderate or open to collaboration than melenchons crew , who are fairly culty . 
  as someone with no sympathy for the french communists for a wide array of historic reasons , melenchon has far more to blame for the failure of the left this election . 
  thanks eva . 
  electoral system bias , a tendency to give the incoming leader a bump in seats to avoid gridlock , and both parties are low turnout . 
  plus there was hilarious infighting on the left side , cause melenchon and the communists could n't agree on a deal so they ran against each , resulting in very fractured leftist votes . 
  i dunno , lrem may start to implode . 
  i certainly do n't see the alliance with modem lasting , considering bayrou 's egotistical nature . 
  spain is an interesting choice , given the situation with the southern barons . 
  i would n't write them out entirely - they 've collapsed to terrible levels before . 
  is n't ano the biggest . 
  right-wing party in czechia ? 
  i thought ods were discredited ? 
  sorry i misread your post really badly , i thought you were talking about macron 's party !, 
  i 'm a massive idiot !, 
  yeah the french system really disadvantages parties like fn , and it is compounded by fn having more low turnout voters and less appealling candidates than the highly professional leadership . 
  lassalle is a legend . 
  france would be doing so great if the brand of centrism it chose was his brand of `` i 'm a real weird shepherd '' over macron spouting a bunch of ted talk platitudes . 
  tbf if i was french and my run off was between an lrem candidate and an lr person i would probably abstain by spoiling a ballot unless the lr person was particularly nasty . 
  yes my boy lassalle reelected . 
  happens a lot in eastern europe . 
  of course the parties often have a habit of disappearing just as fast . 
  ( and of course the classic example in recent years is berlusconi ' z initial entry into italian politics in the nineties ), 
  especially the left wing parties - sps strong links with kurdish groups mean denk and sp are at particular loggerheads . 
  when the moderates hinted at it , they collapsed in the polls . 
  so what 's the deal with kosovo-albania unification ? 
  to me that sounds like a bad idea , considering the balkans long status as a powder keg . 
  will he be favoured against the fi person ? 
  pcf is n't really a young person party , unless it 's changed a lot . 
  young people vote for fi if they vote far left . 
  grim reading of history there . 
  what is it with the french fascination with `` strong leaders '' ? 
  it 's not like it 's the only other option from fourth relublic style lunacy . 
  and now cecile duflot has gone, 
  nah the french left has a history of spectacularly crashing and reviving itself .
