  that 's their spin anyway . 
  the best presidential candidate ) is second in his constituency . 
  old people . 
  tbh that was the major problem - she was leveraging so much on brexit , she became blindsided when the electorate remembered that brexit is n't the only isssue in the world . 
  you will notice that literally every other country in europe manages with a parliamentary system though . 
  erdogan 's turkey aside . 
  this complaint makes sense if you only read headlines and do n't read articles . 
  normally the article will contextualise the fact that leader big the first x or y by providing further evidence . 
  as for the female leaders , well i have n't done a mathematical analysis or anything , but they have been increasing at a much more dramatic rate . 
  ( non royal leaders i should clarify ), 
  i think ( and keep in mind i 'm a complete anglo so may have the wrong end of the stick ) the conservativism represented by fine gael is more of a elite dubliner blue-blooded anglo thing ( like , there 's a reason renua was born from fg ) and the conservativism of fianna fail is more of a parochial idealised farmer turned land speculator in the boom years . 
  but the latter seems more amorphous to me - martin always seems to propose quasi left populist rhetoric like basic income that in the absence of a functioning labour party ff could simply diffuse into the space normally held by a centre left party in a normal country . 
  i do n't really understand your point . 
  to me it would seem almost dishonest to ignore that a leader 's membership of group x is historically an abhoration . 
  and it 's always going to be representative of a wider trend that is interesting to talk about , whether it 's the election ( and subsequent chasnh out of office by ethnoreligious chauvinists ) of the first chinese christian governor of indonesia , the explosion of female hog 's across the world this past decade or so in and out of the west and yes , a gay leader in what was once considered an ultraconservative and parochial borderline theocracy fiefdom is indicative of an interesting trend . 
  your obama example strikes me as an obvious example . 
  one would have to be an idiot to think that by electing obama the entire complicated history of race in america would be washed away ; but it would be dishonest zelf-censorship to ignore the fact that he was the first black potus because it could potentially be used to serve a simplistic narrative . 
  err , ireland was for the bulk of its history a very conservative state , as you 'd expect from a nation formed by eamon de valera . 
  obviously it does n't matter much per se , but it is if nothing else an interesting thing to note . 
  ( like , it would have been very much unthinkable to have a gay hog just a decade and a half ago ), 
  the irish have a hos desperate from their hog though . 
  the former can do the whole representative of the people schtick . 
  tbh it would probably benefit irish politics if the old civil war parties actually formed idealogical wings with fine gael on the ` right ' and fianna fail on the ` left ' rather than both parties being amorphous blobs . 
  does that graph consider emissions from the fuel cycle ? 
  i 've seen contradictory data about that . 
  ( nuclear is a great issue , mainly because everybody seems to make up their mind one way or the other and then find evidence to back up their point of view ) . 
  not really . 
  hulot is very much a maverick who is distrusted by the greens , and often has tried to work with the right , making them sign pledges etc to maintain an environmental positions . 
  more of a liberal green ( economically in line with macron and the like ) than a left green . 
  tbf historically the french left has often been blown out , and has normally managed to revive itself, 
  is n't the czech president powerless anyway ? 
  i mean , i know a lot of people that i think need to better express themselves like jess philippa l , but by and large the sort of dworkin era throwbacks that i think of when i hear ` radfems ' are largely marginalised and reduced to a more academic role . 
  as someone who is a labour activist , like 80 percent of our literature and campaigning is based around kitchen sink issues like healthcare and education . 
  i know some people left and right obsess over this kind of stuff , but it 's largely irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  i certainly do n't know any radfems in labour . 
  the working class as a group contains multitudes of people of different opinions . 
  the british middle-class snobbery that all of the working class are violent builders with shaved heads tediously butts into these arguments all the time . 
  either we get the academic wing who believe that these simpletons need to be introduced to huffpo explainers on white privilege theory stat or their opponents who say things like `` ah , you and i know that nationalism is silly , but these proles are just not like us '' . 
  the odd thing is that there is about equal defections towards libs and tories atm . 
  the real problem is that tories are really feasting on ukip 2015 voters which has pushed them into an impressive lead . 
  i do n't really agree with your assessment though . 
  looking at constituencies and polling , though labour have got a healthy amount of professional voters ( which were largely shed the blair years ) , the `` upper middle class '' as a category is still resolutely tory . 
  nor do i see a whole lot of postmodernist woo ( whatever that means ) in the labour party atm , especially with the domination of union officials in the party . 
  not for nothing was blue labour a super hyped strategy during the miliband years . 
  one important thing for people on the internet to consider is that it 's all very well and good to be obsessive over meaningless issues like student politicians being weird or goofy cif articles or feminism in video games or whatever ; but it 's largely irrelevant for the labour party in general . 
  some people need perspective : anita sarkeesian did n't cause brexit . 
  i was more confused by the words `` democratic '' and `` progressive leaders '' for both jinnah and kemal . 
  an answer of `` no '' is the main thing unifies kemalists and erdogan 's , so no . 
   do n't underestimate the similarities , though . 
  both pakistan and turkey started off as secular democracies with progressive leaders whaaa ? 
  tbh kemal would have viewed the greater evil to be kurdish separatism . 
  yes , and his much vaunted secularism did n't count for shit when it came to rounding up yazidis and forcibly converting them to islam . 
  a lot of erdogan 's worst traits were there in the turkish state from the beginning . 
  basically kemal should be grouped with people like dr gaulle , de valera , nehru , ben gurion , jinnah , etc - people who did a lot of good , a lot of bad in the formation of their countries . 
  i do n't think it 's as inflammatory as gibraltar . 
  the gfa means that the uk establishment is fully accepting of a united ireland if that is the wish of the people ( and indeed many government figures would be privately glad to rid themselves of what they consider an embarrassing backwater ) . 
  the eu recognising that they may need to accommodate a united ireland after a border poll is just prudent foreplanning ( something the eu rarely does ) . 
  gibraltar is a much messier situation , given that the spanish and british are at loggerheads , the lack of even the slightest spanish sympathy on the territory itself and the lack of some kind of gfa framework . 
  not really . 
  french class politics is very curious , with much less homogeneity than you 'd find in europe . 
  fn , for example , has two very different electorates in the se and ne . 
  or indedd : maintaining the status quo . 
  basically imagine the pvda had a really bad pmship , and split into two with significant members not even bothering to support the list but go for sp or d66 instead . 
  nah marianne is a sort of personification of the values of the french revolution . 
  not to be confused with marine or her niece . 
  hollande has always been a guy who likes to sort of make a squidgy middle . 
  so he included the 75 percent tax rate in his plank as a political calculation , lost it in the courts , shrugged his shoulders and carried on with deregulating the labour market and passing tax cuts to employers in the hope ( forlorn ) that they would start to decrease france 's big unemployment problem . 
  `` jokes on you i was just pretending to be stupid for a joke lol '', 
  he 's just doing a tedious rightist trope which is supposed to be super clever btfo liberal cucks, 
  france is a nation is completely unable to decentralise . 
  lasalle is a great candidate . 
  poutou is a trot though , very different from pol pot . 
  nah fillon would be happy in the republican party . 
  seeing the markets implode if that was the run off would be something as well . 
  it 's france , so i assume he 'll become mayor of someplace or else . 
  surely the government clamping down on free expression would make europe feel more like saudi arabia ? 
  it 's the obsession with banning fezzes and headscarves , stupid shit like that . 
  oh and his much vaunted secularism was n't all that when it came to his goons rounding up yazidis and forcing them to convert to islam . 
  a lot of the initial things islamists wanted were fairly legitimate grievances against the rigid laicite nationalistic identity politics that he developed . 
  i mean , it 's more his cultists fault but the elitist agenda they formed caused a lot of disasters in the history of turkey, 
  a lot of the initial things islamists wanted were fairly legitimate grievances against the rigid laicite nationalistic identity politics that he developed . 
  i mean , it 's more his cultists fault but the elitist agenda they formed caused a lot of disasters in the history of turkey, 
  the trouble was laicite . 
  that was a dumb idea . 
  there was the one in 1934 after hindenburg dies . 
  the latter are rural workers from the interior from work programs , the former are students and merchants . 
  about as relevant as the bonaparte family in modern france . 
  nah fuck off with that . 
  the military destroying the country in the 80 's is exactly the reason the islamists managed to get the moral high ground . 
  not to mention their total wipeout of the left and the kurds . 
  saying this sort of thing is what led to brexit , trump and erdogan . 
  who cares about ataturk ? 
  he caused this mess . 
  yeah they were a bad example . 
  i could have mentioned the kemalists though . 
  like that 's ever stopped the west allying with squid arabia etc, 
  well you do have secular nationalism ( like the grey wolves ) and you even get oddball anti-nationalist islamists who want a global caliphate where all muslims will hold hands   ; but yeah erdogan 's toxic mix of both idealogies is very powerful . 
  it 's good that you 're looking at this from the other side . 
  ( which is better than people ranting about uneducated rural scum or whatever and pretending that turkey was a hunky dory democracy before erdogan ) , but the problem is that this referendum has been carried out in a very antidemocratic manner in regards to the intimidation against one side . 
  yeah whole point of erdogan is he is a raging nationalist , so that wo n't fly with him .
