  putting them in school , yet allowing them to have islamic schools . 
  doesnt really add up to me . 
  why not have school schools . 
  like where you learn science and shit . 
  you can do your personal beliefs in your own time . 
  a politically correct way of saying xyz ? 
  no its quicker way of saying fucking become part of the wider community , do n't treat non muslims poorly , allow your daughters to wear what they want , do n't try to marry your daugters off , do n't establish shiara legal systems , dont beat your wives for talking back . 
  straightforward stuff that needs to be done to integrate into western society . 
  this is currently ongoing , but could be done much more efficiently . 
  taking and holding some ground in syria , establishing well guarded and well run refugee camps that they can live safely . 
  sdf are poorly trained and poorly equipped . 
  a single division of western military forces would end this much much faster , the going is slow because we are not prepared to put boots on the ground . 
  isis think they want us to invade , but if they were to experience the difference between militia and a well trained well equipped military they would eat their words . 
  we have established air ** superiority ** but there is a reason that it is called air support . 
  the only way to really seize and hold ground is through use of the infantry . 
  `` the army 's infantry is its most essential component . 
  even today , no army can take and hold any ground without the use of infantry . '', 
  -- george nafziger `` first , all battles and all wars are won , in the end , by the infantryman . '', 
  -- field marshal earl wavell `` you may fly over a land forever ; you may bomb it , atomize it , pulverize it and wipe it clean of life -- but if you desire to defend it , protect it , and keep it for civilization , you must do this on the ground , the way the roman legions did , by putting your young men into the mud . '', 
  -- military historian t.r. 
  you 're right , though it was my job to distance myself from the information i was receiving in order to analyse the situation without bias and provide good intelligence for those who were planning for very many years . 
  i like to think that i learned something during my 20 + years . 
  the thing is that the majority of people in the world right now are too scaerd to look at the situation for what it is . 
  it 's shit , it 's shit for everyone because a whole country is at war . 
  we ( the west ) are running to try to get whatever we can out of the situation and ignoring the actual problem which is people . 
  people are being murdered raped etc and leaving . 
  other people are seeing an opportunity to move `` to a promised land '' . 
  they 're being let in to europe , full of people who have lived safe kind lives and the immegrents are clearly going to have ptsd , a different way of thinking and have grown up in a violent environment . 
  they have been taught their whole lives that islam is law . 
  we tell our children that they need to be more accepting of who they are , but in reality its them who need to be more accepting of us . 
  in our countries we should allow them to believe whatever they want - not to brainwash their kids , arrange marriages , be exempt from laws , be excempt from learning about history ( holocaust anyone ? 
  ) , create their own parallel legal systems , force women to dress a certain way or most of all , to bomb people . 
  they need to be treated the same as everybody else if they want to live in a country with everybody else . 
  dont like it ? 
  they can fuck right off back to wherever they came from . 
  really ? 
  glad you care so much about your countrymen . 
  luckily i 'm not racist , i can see theres another solution . 
  vet the people coming into your country , ensure that they follow your laws , ensure that they are not preaching hate , help them to learn about your culture . 
  give them the opportunity to either integrate or leave . 
  go to their home , remove the threat ( yes , isis is a fucking threat , to them and to us - no the ideology will not be easy to remove but the mobilized military force will be . ), 
  western society , clearly . 
  it took quite a few deaths before anything happened though did n't it . 
  many people saw it coming . 
  i do n't currently live in nz , that 's just my only citizenship . 
  i travel a lot . 
  havent been back for a while . 
  the reason i remark this is because every time someone brings up religion or immigration i like to call people out when they talk bullshit . 
  i do n't start berating them , i just point out that sometimes they are n't basing their argument on fact . 
  i ca n't stand ignorance . 
  if i point out the possibilities of refugees being more violent than the average person i am being a racist . 
  if i point out that currently islam is responsible for more violence than any other religion , i am racist . 
  it 's not about race to me and i really do n't care if someone wants to believe in allah , just abide by the laws of the country you are living in and embrace their culture , or go home . 
  i wonder how many `` i told you so '' 's are going to happen . 
  how much our politicians have looked the other way is sickening . 
  i 'm not a nationalist , not even a right wing person - just someone who objectively looks at facts and statistics . 
  apparently that makes me racist in today 's political environment . 
  there is a distinction in my mind between the average muslim and a muslim who grew up in an islamist household . 
  those who are arriving now come from a muslim country where shiara is the law . 
  they are used to the muslim way of life being thought of as superior and they are used to violence . 
  they are going to differ from the majority of muslims that were already in germany . 
  i 'm not saying we should accept people who wish to destroy us , but we should accept their right to believe whatever the fuck they want . 
  if they are integrated and learn to accept other cultures , we wont have to change much to accept them , because we already accept other cultures as long as they dont fuck with us . 
  thats why i believe that it is fucking retarded when people tell us we need to adapt to their culture . 
  we give no shits about their culture , as long as it isnt fucking murdering everyone . 
  in our countries we should allow them to believe whatever shit they want - not to brainwash their kids , arrange marriages , be exempt from laws , be excempt from learning about history ( holocaust anyone ? 
  ) , create their own parallel legal systems , force women to dress a certain way or most of all , to bomb people . 
  they need to be treated the same as everybody else if they want to live in a country with everybody else . 
  dont like it ? 
  they can fuck right off back to wherever they came from . 
  this is literally what i hear from reddit : day 1 . 
  police find isis suspect - try to take them for questioning but are resisted . 
  police make arrest but are called out on racism and reddit goes wild . 
  day 2 . 
  people are worried about possible violent individuals in a group of 1m unvetted people who have recently left a warzone - the answer ? 
  get the police to sort them out !, 
  yeah sorry if that came across agressively , i just was explaining my rational choosing 10 instead of what i would believe to be a more accurate number . 
  yeah i just figured that 10 % is a modest guess . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  most muslims in syria dislike is because is treats all non is muslims as infidels . 
  there 's a lot of different groups there and thinking that all radical muslims join is is incorrect . 
  right , still not good for integration imo . 
  its better for people to learn to accept all cultures and beliefs from a young age for integration . 
  i dont see why anybody anywhere would think islamic only schools would be good for integration . 
  lets say only 10 % of them are islamists ( islamist is n't the same as normal muslim by the way ) , you 're looking at 100,000 people who want to destroy western culture . 
  i have an issue when people talk about `` the muslims '' . 
  i 've fought in afghanistan and i can tell you , the majority of muslims there just wan na fucking live their lives . 
  its the extremists who are fucked up . 
  exactly , both countries are acting stupid . 
  putin , like normal , is overreacting and being a warmonger and erdogan seems like he wants to become putin but turkey version . 
  trust me , i have nothing against turkey the country , just i think that your leader is being an idiot . 
  probably because `` butthurt '' is a juvenile expression , and acting like possible war is a game is a childish thing to do . 
  all you fucking idiotic teens being all like `` haha lol russia '' or the russion idiots acting like `` hahahah lol fucking turkish lol '' are fucking stupid . 
  if you had been in a war situation you 'd change your tune . 
  dont worry though the vote brigades will back up all the idiotic comments . 
  honestly shit like this makes me so fucking upset , fucking armchair generals with no life experience cheering on when soldiers are killed . 
  well , if i were erdogan i would n't aim to be compared to russia . 
  i 'm not . 
  i dont think anything would happen and nor do they . 
  i 'm saying that as a warship passing through waters that are controlled by somebody that your country is having issues with you would stand to , regardless of whether anything will happen or not .
