  true , still , having a better foreign policy than russia doesnt mean you have a good one . 
  right , and i wouldnt put the second passed erdogan currently . 
  probably not something he 'd normally do but he 's clearly under a lot of pressure and some of his decision making has been quite poor recently . 
  i dont think it 's provocative to man the aa weapons when passing near to a country that has recently taken military action against you either . 
  they 're more just doing normal shit to make sure they do n't get caught with their pants down . 
  have you missed the news recently ? 
  no it would n't be the smartest move and even erdogan probably wouldnt do that , but its not completely off the table . 
  pretty sure it 'd be an sop to man the defence weapons in areas that there is any kind of risk . 
  well , he 'd be hard pressed to shoot it to europe from there . 
  if he shot it towards istanbul he 'd be pretty fucking stupid though , cause aa weapons are n't known to be very effective when shooting surface to surface . 
  yep , pretty standard if you 're worried about hostile close air support . 
  what the fuck ? 
  are you joking ? 
  who the fuck thinks its `` cool '' to kill in allah 's name other than extremist muslims ? 
  the teenage kids i have had `` issues '' with think it 's cool to smoke weed and throw bottles at walls , not stab people for religious reasons . 
  yes and as we all know , turkey is acting very rationally . 
  to be fair , at some point in the future there may be a need for weapons in regular cities if this recent wave of terrorism is n't slowed . 
  the issue is that if you 're security at an underground station you have no right to do anything at all . 
  you make some of the teenagers a little bit scared to spray paint shit but any real criminal is going to ignore the shit out of you . 
  it will allow you to draw yours without issue though . 
  if someone is too close it 's very hard to draw and aim . 
  i understand wanting some personal distance if you 're working in a dangerous environment . 
  having a weapon of your own is n't a bad thing , though i personally think that it 's good we have background checks and educational requirements before owning them where i 'm from . 
  i do understand where the us pro-gun owners are coming from though . 
  usa was build off of citizens who picked up their guns and balls and tried to create a better life for themselves without the powerful rich 1 % having complete control . 
  sadly it 's very hard to police the country if just anyone can buy an assault rifle . 
  true , education and communication are a big part of helping people live in your culture - but so is enforcing the rights of everybody . 
  there should be nobody forced marry someone against their will , or forced to go somewhere with someone . 
  if it comes out that it is happening often in a certain area then law enforcement should investigate and put a stop to it . 
  i was born in a western country and i let my cousin live with me while he got back on his feet after he got fired . 
  once he got a job he left , so he could like be independent and stuff . 
  what i do n't agree with is forcing someone to do something against their will , unless it 's forcing someone to stop committing a criminal act . 
  forcing a woman to marry a man should n't happen in a western country , we believe women to be sufficiently intelligent to make their own decisions . 
  in fact , scientific evidence suggests that women actually do better than men in most academic fields . 
  i down voted you because you used facts when discussing a culture issue instead of tolerance . 
  this is racist you should check your fucking privilege . 
  i feel like you understand what i 'm trying to say but are trying to find ways to twist the meaning to suit your arguement . 
  this is n't a debate , this is n't a court room and nothing will come of `` winning the arguement '' . 
  this , to me , is just discussing what would be best for the country . 
  if you think that the reality is `` nobody leaving countries like syria or iraq unless there is an economic reason '' , you are clearly talking about something you have very little understanding or experience with . 
  if you ever go to that part of the world , you may understand that even if someone were to be well off there , they can be killed at any time . 
  there 's no security like there is in western countries . 
  i have friends in nz who left south africa because of the issues with crime there . 
  they literally had mansions and servants , but moved to modest sized houses in nz for safety reasons . 
  i 'm going out on a limb , but i assume that syria is a little scarier right now . 
  i stand by my statement `` economic migrants who are not looking for work should be removed . '', 
  you have n't shown me anything that even comes close to swaying my opinion . 
  you challenged the statement but your argument is all based off changing the subject to refugees and working immigrants . 
  that made me chuckle, 
  so uh , this came back to bite you ? 
  i agree that skilled immigration is very good for a country economically , though i 'm not sure what that has to do with people who are n't looking for work . 
  wan na expand on that ? 
  i assumed the point you were making was in reference to people seeking safety , my bad . 
  if someone moves for economic reasons and is n't looking for work they should be removed . 
  the majority of migrants are motivated for economic reasons . 
  if you move to a country for better money then you should be able to earn enough to cover yourself and your family . 
  if you are a refugee then your immediate family can likely apply for refugee status anyway . 
  ah yes , 20 years ago while the two countries were had a lot of tension . 
  how many have been in greek airspace since ? 
  yeah , i guess the issue is that most `` powerful '' countries these days do n't have the military to back up the power they expect due to budget cuts etc. 
  if turkey in the current state were to bully greece even more while ignoring the eu complaints , there would n't be much anybody could do about it . 
  ( usa would be an exception of course , but who knows if they would step in ) . 
  i feel like in the current political climate , countries like germany , france and england should be looking at investing more in their military . 
  now i know that people say greece does n't care , and they probably do n't . 
  i just wan na know why turkey would do that , its clearly disrespectful . 
  that 's not true , they initially denied it . 
  it was only recently that they acknowledged it and apologised . 
  lucky greece is n't trigger happy like some countries, 
  france apologised for that . 
  i feel like once someone admits they were wrong there 's no point telling them again . 
  you 'd end up with an islamist country in northern sweden . 
  lol !, 
  fuck that send them to greenland, 
  i edited it to expand aoon what i said . 
  sorry i was too slow . 
  i 'm sorry , which american soldiers died due to nato ? 
  and yes , nz is n't part of the north atlantic treaty organisation . 
  possibly due to the part of the world that we are geographically . 
  there are people who dislike usa from everywhere . 
  including usa . 
  there are even more people who complain about usa cause it 's easier to blame the guy in charge than it is to man up and realise their own government sucks dick . 
  there 's also many americans who find it easier to blame the rest of the world for what their country does . 
  i agree that russia is n't the threat they once were , you can probably thank the cooperation of nato currently the ability to have bases in turkey is very helpful for you in bombing isis . 
  generally it expands your sub nuclear power projection considerably which protects the interests of your government in the middle east . 
  the pla could definitely pose a threat to the usa by the way , probably should look that up . 
  yeah . . 
  i know it effects europe to a degree , but maybe it 's time for a turkey v russia megathread cause i came to read about what 's happening in europe . 
  well , yeah . 
  just pointing out you managed to miss that option . 
  luckily your leaders understand that having a working relationship with peaceful or non threatening nations actually increases global security snd national security for usa . 
  there 's very few benefits to leaving nato . 
  the fact that usa has the ability to have bases in european countries gives you a large strategic advantage . 
  you also want an excuse to stop russia before they start , should they start expanding their borders west . 
  i do agree that europe needs to stop reducing military capabilities if they want to remain relevant to the same degree they used to be . 
  ( so do we in nz , just so you eu people do n't think i 'm trying to single you out ), 
  or they could stop being volunteers . 
  so why can they sue a country for changing laws that effect their bottom line ? 
  i really know very little about international business law but this seems silly . 
  i wonder what would happen if 1/5th of volunteer paramedics and firefighters stopped showing up . 
  if they have replacements then just replace the ones you do n't want , sounds like a non issue .
