  why ? 
  ah makes sense then . 
  i do n't speak turkish , i just checked when someone said he was russian . 
  does n't make this post any less propaganda though . 
  i dont see why they should stop . 
  if people want to join an alliance that is for mutual protection i do n't see why they should n't . 
  its not an exclusive alliance of big nations or anything . 
  i 'd want to have an organisation that allowed people who are volunteering to follow their personal beliefs , it 's not the army . 
  they could refuse the volunteers if they want , but its up to the volunteer who they want to treat for free . . my solution would be to organise people based on what they are prepared to do , with those who are prepared to do most given preference when considering key roles . 
  i just checked his post history , first he says `` us '' when talking about turkey , then randomly makes a post about being russian ( in turkish ), 
  dear god all you do is post turkish propaganda all day . 
  i guess they could stop all together , i 'm sure that 'd be better . 
  well they are volunteers . . 
  instead millions of people do , years in the future when our planet is fucked . 
  after all , the qualified weatherman said that climate change was all bullshit so why should i stop eating beef every day or driving my v8 to and from work every day ? 
  if only there was some trustworthy third party to investigate . 
  oh wait no it involves a country near ~ ~ oil ~ ~ syria , everyone has an agenda . 
  even if they did n't he 'd probably arrest the person for insulting him . 
  the same as soldiers in most armies around the world . 
  you 're a weapon for the government to use . 
  you 're also a person . 
  you 're right that he chose to stay in , he was also probably pretty brainwashed . 
  the military will do that to you , it 's like reddit with all the circlejerking but instead of down votes you get yelled at . 
  i guess as a vet i can understand where other soldiers are coming from even if i do n't agree with what they are doing . 
  this excludes radicals intentionally targeting civilians as scare tactics . 
  no pity for them . 
  so uh , how do you think is does it ? 
  it 's possible all the holy warriors get together and choose the most holy of all to lead them in their righteous jihad against the evil west . 
  luckily we do n't have some horrible military leader there to stop them . 
  you 're right . 
  that 's why i support russia continuing to bomb them despite despising putin . 
  i do n't feel like turkey was wrong in shooting down that plane , but i feel like a `` sorry your pilot died '' would n't hurt . 
  you 're right , i should have been more specific . 
  maybe in the war israel is currently having you 're right . 
  the enemies you guys have choose to fight you and it is much more personal . 
  soldiers of nations such as russia , america , england , germany etc are just people who have a job to do . 
  in ww1 the allies tried to land at gallipoli in turkey and a huge battle ensued where nz had about 20 % fatalities and around 80,000 ottoman soldiers were killed . 
  we did n't harbour a grudge , in fact both militaries have mutual respect for each other because at the end of the day we both lost a lot and it was n't the soldiers fighting against each other specifically , it was the soldiers fighting for their leaders and their leaders making the decisions . 
  you go there , do what you 're told and if you 're lucky , you go home . 
  this man did n't and i feel bad for him . 
  i edited my comment for clarity, 
  controlling a border is n't specifically keeping people inside or out , it is monitoring the crossing . 
  most often governments wont mind people leaving as long as they have somewhere to go , so will not stop you . 
  when you have committed a major crime generally you ca n't get a flight ( name to register for a ticket ) and if there is border control on other borders you ca n't drive out . 
  the issue is that europe is big , has a lack of defence force ( similar to nz in this ) and people do n't always take roads , especially when on the run . 
  i mourn the loss of the people i had to kill , despite the fact that they would have done the same or worse to me . 
  killing is n't something to be proud of . 
  turkish vote brigades , do n't worry about it . 
  if you care about karma just ignore r/europe till the whole russia/turkey thing blows over . 
  but when you commit war crimes it makes your side automatically wrong . 
  i 'm merely stating that putin was democratically elected . 
  he was . 
  he should have stepped down by now , but the way he got there was legal . 
  saying someone is democratically elected does n't mean shit . 
  i said nothing about erdogan . 
  i do n't disagree with you though . 
  i do n't appreciate the condescending tone . 
  you assume a lot about my opinions regarding this situation , and as someone who 's job it was to study iraq , afghanistan , al qaeda and other factions in the area for the best part of a decade i am well aware of what is happening . 
  yes i am aware , i 'm also aware that * western europe * + north america founded nato . 
  seriously ? 
  you think that kurdish people would actually be able to sieze and hold ground against the turkish military ? 
  the same turkish military that say they can hold their country against russia ? 
  i dont know enough about the current turkish military capabilities to comment on their possible conflict with russia ( assuming no allies or nukes ) , but i feel fairly confident that turkey could handle the kurds inside their own border for the moment while they leave other countries to deal with isis . 
  fair enough , i mean if nz had russian bombers on the border i 'd rather we shot them down than let them go ( not that we could lol ) . 
  just think that if he expects an apology he should also be giving one . 
  i spent 17 years in the army , i am aware of the military issues isis will face in the future . 
  i am also aware that while their ideology is the major issue , their military itsself is the easiest to remove and also the thing that is currently causing the most murder , rape and torture . 
  jockeying for position is one thing , escalating towards a potential military conflict is another when there are more pressing issues . 
  putin is also democratically elected , still a criminal . 
  i know turkey has a large military , but without the nuclear threat of nato , russia would be free to use their long range missiles and threat of nukes to muscle an advantageous position . 
  to think otherwise is nieve . 
  `` some reason '' lol . 
  so uh , why would russia mistakenly shoot them then ? 
  jokes are known for their informative nature , of course . 
  ( do i need to / s this for you ? ), 
  i believe it is accurate in representing the russian attitude towards the current migrants though . 
  turkey has taken the turn , they just are n't out of sight - yet . 
  holy shit , seriously these two need to be locked in a room with some big black dildos to fight it out , so everyone else can start focusing on important shit like isis, 
  so turkey should apoligise for violating syrian airspace a few years back when their jet was shot down ? 
  i dont recall erdogan ever did that . 
  just to keep things fair . 
  i 'm not on either side in this , but i dislike hypocrisy . 
  the russian annexaction of crimea was more like a military conflict . 
  when a minor conflict includes shots fired ( or in this case missiles ) , i feel like it graduates to a non-minor conflict . 
  i did , i was trying to make a funny . 
  apparently it wasnt funny . 
  yeah , we have a lot of asian students and we have very many pacific islanders . 
  actually also lots of africans , lots if indians . . shit man we 're almost multicultural or something, 
  weird decision i agree , though to be fair it 's not really a minor political conflict . 
  i was referring to an article which was discussing the current situation in regards to migrants , so i assumed people would be aware as to my context . 
  they do say assumption is the mother of all fuck ups though i guess . 
  i agree , if i was in their shoes i 'd be aiming for a country with more benefits for uneducated persons who do n't speak the language . 
  edit : actually , after thinking about it i 'd probably stay and fight . 
  spent a few years fighting for other people in the middle east when i was younger , i 'm sure i could do it for my own home and family . 
  right turkey and georgia , or just turkey if they go by sea . 
  i 'm not saying russia should open the border - just that it is unsurprising . 
  pretty hard for nz to be the first safe country they come across , just sayin . 
  edit , after a quick check we 're looking at taking 750 . 
  only around 1/10th of what russia has , though we do have a population that is less than 1/30th russia . . 
  is this real life ?
