the thing is that if any is members are allowed back into the country then to me it is a massive issue . 
  they are murderers of the worst kind . 
  they are clearly supported by the community in the area since they are allowed to come and go from the community . 
  it 's fucked . 
  i do n't understand how it can be allowed . 
  there is a lot of cultural tension between many muslim groups and jewish people . 
  i 'm actually not overly well educated as to the cause of this but you can see it with israel etc. 
  seems to be missing references and to be over simplified but better than the majority of news sources i guess . 
  i agree that police would go there , that does n't mean that they do n't avoid it where possible . 
  i see where you 're coming from though , and i agree that this article was n't totally accurate . 
  i was responding mainly to your statement that `` there is n't much of a problem with islamists '' despite the fact that people are leaving to join isis , and then sometimes are allowed back . 
  this is a massive issue in any country . 
  you really do n't think that there are islamists in these areas ? 
  really ? 
  living in vasastan i see police officers eat by themselves reasonably often . 
  yeah , mall 's tend to be safer than suburban allys though . 
  i dont see it as a mad max area , last time i was there it just seemed kinda ghetto so i felt reasonably fine but to a islamist i am nobody , a jew or a cop in uniform is threatening to their culture so they would take more of an issue with that . 
  are you a woman or a lone police officer ? 
  if malm\u00f6 has the most ( or had , havent checked for a while ) people leaving for isis per capita in the whole of europe , is it so hard to believe what the police and media say about how bad it is ? 
  that sounds amazing . . well . . 
  except for the nuts stuck to your seat part !, 
  it 's worth it though to have some wilderness around you eh ? 
  i definitely want to visit one day , i 've heard great things about the indian canoe trails . 
  definitely , there are some organisations that are very racist . 
  sadly some people like to lump everyone who disagrees with the way immigration is being handled together with people who hate all muslims or hate all middle eastern people . 
  i 'm someone who literally gives no shits what someone believes , as long as they are willing to accept other people disagreeing with them - including their wives and children . 
  i think you 're going a bit far there man . 
  i have n't met any marxists recently and not many people bring up conformation bias to be honest . 
  it 's more people strawmaning my opinions in order to group my arguments with people they consider racist . 
  no problems , i understand where you 're coming from . 
  no plans in the near future . 
  i really like sweden . 
  i always dreamed of moving to canada though , the country seems so laid back and the huge untouched wilderness seems so amazing to me . 
  i live in europe . 
  it is , i dont pretend to have all the answers , but i feel like the people running the country who have all the best resources and analysts should be able to do better than they are . 
  instead of fixing it they seem to be using the situation as an excuse to remove some freedoms . 
  oh was that when there started to be issues there ? 
  sorry did n't realise the middle east was paradise until 2003 . 
  right , it 'd be shit , though i dont think assad would be able to remember who every single one of them was . 
  also just to argue the point , not that it would ever happen - 2million refugees up front then none after would probably be less than the total europe will be looking at long term . 
  to be fair , some left wing people make good points and help me to adjust my point of view by bringing fresh eyes to the situation . 
  this guy is n't one of them though . 
  in fact , thinking about it , if i was to lean either way it 'd probably be left since my family comes from the working class . 
  i dont like any of the politicians currently though . 
  i live in sweden currently , with my wife - who is swedish ( though she lived with me in nz for more than 10 years before we moved here ) and our children , one of which was born in nz and one in sweden . 
  it concerns me and my family . 
  people do call me racist though , when i refer to a religion , not a race . 
  that 's why i mentioned it . 
  i do n't see how my attitude makes the situation worse . 
  i \u00b4 m not calling for deportation , i \u00b4 m not saying all muslims are bad etc. 
  i 'm just prepared to say it like it is , there 's likely to be more crime , violence and future terrorists in europe due to the lack of security surrounding the refugees . 
  the european governments have avoided addressing this issue for a very long time . 
  the majority of the 2 million would most likely be able to resettle . 
  the leaders would have to leave . 
  again , i said it was a bad option . 
  i never said every muslim is a terrorist . 
  i do n't believe that at all . 
  i was n't discussing the ffn , just that politicians have been blind . 
  its because most politicians avoid the issue that people vote right wing . 
  i know assad is a fucking dick , that 's why i said it was a bad move . 
  he 's not going anywhere fast though , so that 's why i said backing him would be the quickest and cheapest way to `` stabilize '' the country . 
  the majority of taliban leadership based out of pakistan for a very long time . 
  luckily that was outside our ao so we were n't allowed to do anything about it . 
  yes it is a matter of time , but we got our man . 
  you 're very good at putting words in peoples mouths , i 'll give you that . 
  mybad , dunno how i misspelled ireland . 
  specially since my mother was irish . 
  the reason we are bombing syria is because of the situation there , we did n't go in and start bombing everyone then they started fighting each other . 
  pretty big difference there . 
  someone on this very thread just implied my views were similar to nazi , so yeah , those people are alive and kicking . 
  i do n't have time for another huge post . 
  i have no idea where nazi people came in to the picture . 
  it seems like you 're putting words into my mouth . 
  you 're taking everything to the extreme , just because someone wants to face the fact that recently islamist groups have left to their own devices you are jumping on `` nazi '' and `` deportation '' . 
  this is exactly what i was referring to in my original post . 
  you want to end the war there quickly and cheaply ? 
  ( seems to be your priority ) back assad , that will reduce the number of deaths there drastically , the rebels will have to surrender because they are no longer being funded and assad will regain control of the region . 
  not saying it 's a good solution . 
  taliban did n't regain control straight away , whoever told you that is misinformed . 
  it was a waste of money largely , but you know , when i was there i felt like i helped people . 
  when kids ran up and waved with smiles i felt like i made a difference . 
  i wonder how much experience you have in the area . 
  yes northern ireland is , northern ireland . 
  lucky for us it 's not even close to as bad as syria . 
  the thing is , that when you say this people still take issue . 
  they call your ideas racist because that 's a word that usually makes people shut up . 
  regardless of whether it 's about race or not . 
  i dont live in new zealand . 
  i do hate the shit out of john key though . 
  are we really going to start dissecting each others arguments ? 
  really ? 
  5 million french muslims . 
  dont give a fuck if someone is muslim , they can believe whatever they want . 
  the issue is when they start thinking that they can force others to think the way they do . 
  currently it is muslims who are the most violent in this . 
  no , vetting people coming into your country is standard . 
  everyone coming in to the eu ( other than refugees ) has a passport . 
  passport is scanned and if required visa is checked . 
  convicted criminals are not allowed to travel in most circumstances . 
  yes , and yet the police are unable to go into parts of some european countries without being abused and threatened .
