yeah i see what you meant , but like the other guy said , by it 's urban unit , lille is 4th . 
  but it 's true cities like bordeaux or toulouse are becoming bigger and bigger a lot faster . 
  haha yes , we can say that . 
  but germinal is an awesome book !, 
  back in the late 19th century maybe , but now it 's not at all the case . 
  well , lille ( the biggest nord city ) is like the 4th biggest city in france after paris lyon and marseille so it 's not that bad . 
  this is pretty much the what one of the main discussions are about here in france . 
  yeah , i 'm actually half believing it could be staged . 
  yeah it never ends good . 
  the ring of fiiiire , the ring of fiiire !, 
  i volunteer for italy !, 
  thanks . 
  just wanted you to know that you 're right , despite the fault about africa being a country . 
  the use of condoms needs to be generalized especially there and it 's cost too . 
  a shitload amount of beneficial consequences could occur via this . 
  that 's every youtube comments , really . 
  if that can make you happy , your beers are the best , no competition . 
  i 'd say spain/italy/netherlands . 
  of course we make fun but we like our fellow belgians and swiss !, 
  english is a bit different , like our best enemies , but they 'll soon leave the house so ... 
  any good and fresh fromage de ch\u00e8vre . 
  bleu ( especially for cooking ) gorgonzola . 
  cheddar of course . 
  shiet . 
  wow, 
  it 's truly sickening how the country revolve around najac all the time !, 
  no friggin ' idea !, 
  i did n't knew that !, 
  ( did n't know ? 
  help me i 'm always confused on the conjugason here ... ) . 
  i was n't aware either that paris had the most boulevards of any city but since you use the word and it 's a french word i guess it may be true !, 
  wait paris itself is missouri but the yvelines are oregon ? 
  i 'd have thought the contrary . 
  that 's more or less right !, 
  look it up . 
  maybe i do n't get it because i do n't perceive this as a `` mass muslims taking over europe '' in fact i always believed that it was americans who thought that . 
  what i do n't like with this discours those parties are saying ( despite obvious other things ) it 's that it literaly * shits * on all the 3rd or 2nd generation migrants who came at a time where internet or cellphones were no such things and had to really accomodate to the culture , to give it their best , and all of those are being forgotten , despite having very harsh conditions . 
  hell , we even see some of them managing to have high education and having really important field of work now . 
  but a majority of them got parked in 35 floors buildings in the suburbs , and then economic boom , was slowing and recession took over and all those people were forgotten , infrastructures did n't follow and their children and grand childrens started to go the wrong way , and still , they 're plenty who succeed in life . 
  i understand that full immigration is a bad thing . 
  but france for example has no right to talk : they let not even 30.000 people in , compared to germany it 's nothing . 
  and the fun fact is that , one year after the mass migration from migrants in germany , in the last semester of 2016 they noted an increase of arouund 1 % of growth in germany ( was in the le monde article , could find it ) proven directly linked to the migrants flux that happened earlier in the year . 
  i say it now , despite all the bad press , in 5 to 10 years germany will have * another * step ahead of france thanks to the migrant they 've let in 10 years before , and french politicians will ( again ) start to try to find , confused , how is it possible . 
  you do know that ue doesn not accept more migrants since march 2016 ? 
  i lived / live in those kind of cultures , and it doens ' t disturb me , what am i suppose to do ? 
  i can not go in the fn bandwagon :(, 
  it 's poor suburbs , do n't listen to him acting like it 's the fault of muslims or blacks , france like many other europeans country , used to have urbanisation projects who are now proven to enhance communautarism , and there were plenty of jewish and italian and portuguese immigrants in these place too , they 've been let alone for many years . 
  in the 60 's and early 70 's they were no problems there as it was new . 
  let the people boil and alone in those giant building , far from good infrastructure and such ? 
  well 30 years later it becomes a problem . 
  i live in paris , and i like the culture migrants brought . 
  but they 're tons of people who do n't and hide it behind the fact it 's high criminality related and it 's caused by muslims and blacks , while it has been caused by our own governement . 
  people were bashing muslims since way longer than that unfortunately . 
  lmao , this is new level of stupid . 
  well it 's using your logic ( bible followers ) but since you are n't doing it and are the hypocrites who do n't follow what jesus says apparently but defend the fact that the bible says to kill , some people will have to use it again ` st you . 
  except you do n't have every muslims in the world killing non muslims because of their holy books , because 99 % of them are n't retarded who ca n't think for themselves . 
  it 's not because 1 % of them is dangerous that you can say that , your logic is illogical . 
  you can take away 4 % of followers that appealed to the most social side of the program and 4 % of people that fall for her demagogy and 4 % of people that are just angry again ` st the system and think le pen is against the system ( while staying in the 5th republic , lol . ), 
  and that leaves you with the real core of the fn , 10 % of borderline fascist , xenophobic or plain racist people . 
  that 's still too much but it 's better than just saying 35 % of people are like that . 
  well when your country fuck em up for their own values and to `` fight communism '' and `` find wmd '' you start to understand a lot of things . 
  shame on you , ikea is swedish !, 
  not really . 
  eu has to be reformed but it has nothing to do with illegal migrants , it has to do with being a real country alliance and working for the people and not ultraliberals and being the puppet of america . 
  a little bit of the same things here in france , i noticed a right shift that occurred . 
  why would he lift heavy steel bars with steel circle shaped objects at the end of it in order to gain muscular mass for his country ? 
  i thought we were friends and that the enemies were the brits ? 
  :( i discover a new view of diplomacy and country awareness thanks to this thread lol . 
  even without trump or brexit , people would never have elected marine le pen . 
  actually it 's a false logic because the fact that trump and brexit happened is parallel to the rise of right wing in many countries throughout the west . 
  i doubt they 're legit , however for a lot of people and abstentionists , this was a lesser of two evils , people saying it is 65 % of people that are okay with macron , no , it 's 35 % of abstentionists and null ballot , + more than half of macron voters that voted for him against the fn . 
  he 'll have trouble finding a majority , and there will be uprising in the coming months and years from both far right and far left , if they continue the same kind of laws that they made the last 3 years , especially the laws macron worked on were ones of the most heavily disputed by the people . 
  i would watch it happily . 
  you 're talking to a guy that username is `` redditis4virgins '' that posted a question on reddit . 
  i think that tells you enough . 
  given your username , i sincerely and unofficially welcome you to the eu . 
  the left already got it 's shit together , the true went to m\u00e9lenchon and the others to macron , while hamon stayed to fuck up the former . 
  the thing is those bastards that are too prideful to leave the ps wo n't do it even though it 's just keep using a dead corpse . 
  but do n't doubt it , behind the facades everything has changed . 
  gilf ? 
  well left or not left they could n't do shit , tsipras could n't stand in front of the violence of the eu mentors , unfortunately . 
  also , macron is n't left . 
  it wo n't change and they 'll see what it 'll cause . 
  and not just from the far right . 
  i did n't knew that i 'm not very aware of that part of history , i thought scotland and france were allies ? 
  terrorism would 've happened under le pen or anyone , as long as there is a war in middle east . 
  but we can thanks the us for igniting that shit , for their own greed . 
  you can now get the fuck out of here . 
  i never ate frogs nor snails tbh . 
  i 've heard somewhere that frogs were like bland chicken and escargots was mainly just the butter sauce that did the job , so not really a big thing . 
  although i think the snails stereotypes is more true than frog legs , i see way more people having eaten snails than frogs . 
  although the baguette and cheese stereotype is very true . 
  i think there needs to be changes . 
  someone not seeing that is lying to himself . 
  also , far left is not going to be a president anytime ever because it must have done around something like 4 % or 5 % with 2 candidates . 
  and the left is n't necessarily anti eu , they , like you said , want to reform it before all . 
  but you need leverage for that , and people start to realise that france actually has that leverage . 
  that 's what i thought about english version . 
  all relative . 
  also , adn over dna anyday !,
