  so that they can be fooled better ? 
  the criminals !, 
  if the state decides that an illegitimate child has the same rights as any other , how come it 's not paying for it and instead forces mr. x to do so ? 
  paywalled . 
  you can be arrested , jurisdiction is still very much a local thing . 
  still , it 's likely he also committed other crimes while in belgium . 
  it 's a false dychotomy : you can love them without having to live with them . 
   they are not more important . 
  i guess having an opinion that is not fuck muzzies makes them an irrational over ca n't parse that sentence . 
   like you have a lot in common with non urban polish people or hungarian , oh right with the exception of religion . 
  personally i 'm an atheist . 
  i merely remark on the difficulties of integrating extra-european immigrants as things are now . 
   do n't get me wrong i do n't want turkey to join but some of the reasons people make up just do n't sound right , many of them lead to religion one way or the other . 
    turkey is no democratic place right now , you might say that . 
  that 's a good reason but do n't give me culture as a reason seems like one big excuse to not turkey into a economic union , not a cultural one or a christian one . 
  culture and religion are intertwined , the difference being that most of europe is in a post-religious stage . 
  we settled our differences in that regard in the 17th century and the current generation does n't care about it that much . 
  muslims on the other hand are still struggling to water down their creed in order to make it compatible with modernity . 
  in turkey , kemalism made significants steps , but they are n't quite there yet . 
  it all depends on the unified cyprus being a successor state of the current republic of cyprus or not . 
  but since you insist with this baiting , if turkey and turks are so important to you , why not petition to have them as 51st state ? 
  from my point of view it might be eligible for membership . 
  even israel would , if only they did n't have that many problems with their neighbours . 
  it 's a problem they created themselves and have to fix themselves . 
  cyprus ' continued membership would depend on how the unification occurs : would it absorb the northern part or would a new polity be created ? 
  in case you did n't notice they speak greek and after the split they are even more homogeneous than before . 
  and unification is not a given . 
  there are plenty of partitioned islands in the world . 
  there 's no accession chapter named `` right to join '' either . 
  they * may * apply and the request * may * be accepted , with an unanimous vote . 
  or perhaps you 'd like to suppress voting ? 
  i 'm not sure when i made the argument that geology plays a role in the admission . 
  various overseas territories are far from being in the same continent and yet are still part of the eu . 
  cyprus is greek by culture , how is that outside of europe ? 
  it 's still middle-eastern drama that has no place in the eu . 
  you 're leaving out the profound cultural differences , especially in relation to non-urban turkey , which is the fastest growing demographics . 
  10 years ? 
  juncker is an optimist . 
  bestest news of the day !, 
   have you read bilal erdo\u011fans interview in corriere della serra ? 
  greenhouse courier ? 
  that 's a new one , 
   who is essentially the speaker . 
   the eu sucks at titles and names for institutions . 
  speaker is even worse . 
  it implies he 's the only one who 's entitled to talk . 
   this did cause a minor incident but it basically ended with the netherlands apologising to russia for arresting a child beater . 
  i thought it ended up with a dutch diplomat being beaten up in turn . 
  is n't this exactly what putin wants ? 
   it 's likely to be a very close vote . 
  only time will tell if it settles things . 
  i was referring to the options in the referendum . 
  will the choices be only `` stay '' and `` leave '' ? 
   there 's a referendum planned ... will it be a blunt yes or no or will it be more nuanced ? 
  and is it going to settle things once and for all ? 
  also how does that relate to the new agreement they 're negotiating now ? 
  just decide to decide if you want to leave . 
  i bet she will at some point , for unrelated reasons . 
  is it from goodfellas ? 
   can confirm , i know of many people who have literally not even tried pasta in their whole lives . 
  :o and they 're still alive ? 
  we 're safe now !, 
   https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/case_danzanti.jpg reminds me of the [ stata building ] ( http://web.mit.edu/facilities/photos/construction/projects/stata/1_large.jpg ) . 
  i think an x-ray of the wrist is a significant indicator . 
   putin showed him 100 free superjets actually it does n't say how many superjet 100s . 
  would a country the size of hungary even have the need for 100 airliners ? 
   they 'd win . 
  it would be a huge fucking mess for them , but they would still win . 
  then why have n't they done that last year ? 
  it looks like soviet-style project housing . 
  how would you classify norman lowell 's accent ? 
  what 's that programme ? 
  a sitcom with transvestites ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  i thought one was n't supposed to use the ear flaps , even in deep cold , unless he wanted to be called a pussy . 
  but perhaps only in russia . 
  cold . 
  and beavers . 
   now vs bow what if i bow right now ? 
  silly me , i thought the government did all that only to secure contracts . 
  we did much worse to appease gaddafi a few years back , for similar reasons . 
  as long as every country is held to the same standard . 
  sachertorte and a weird way of speaking german . 
  i believe natives say something like * if my uncle had tits then he 'd be my auntie * . 
   when i was 15 if someone told me i could go live in a paradise where anyone that drinks alcohol gets beheaded or stoned i 'm fairly certain i would have turned down the offer . 
  we do n't really know what their recruiter told them . 
  however one can expect na\u00efvet\u00e9 from teenagers , but not a grown woman , hence the distinction . 
  those two were 15 , this one is 30 . 
  you 'll admit there 's a difference . 
  does being the most godless country in europe correlate with liberalism ? 
  is that compatible with the schengen treaty ? 
  dna swab , iris scan , or just take toeprints . 
  [ denazification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denazification ) , this could be a good example to follow . 
   also scandinavians think it 's acceptable not to shower at least once a day climate difference perhaps ? 
  if i have to touch food , yes . 
  even if it 's unlikely to have coliform bacteria on keyboards and mice . 
  she must be a real piece of ass for her bf to go through all that shit . 
  and that 's part of the problem . 
  did n't you have enough problems back then ? 
  it could have been politically and militarily expensive .
