they are the successor state to the soviet union , but they should stop identifying with it . 
  russia made the same ruckus when a monument ( plus ossuary ) in estonia was relocated . 
  regardless of his sudden rise , i 'm curious to see where he will find the funds for what he promised . 
  but given i do n't really know him , i 'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt and hope for the best . 
  if anything i 'm still a bit sore about how he wanted to have an ancient painting ripped off a wall of [ palazzo vecchio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palazzo_vecchio ) because some speculate there could be a [ lost leonardo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_battle_of_anghiari_%28painting%29 ) under it . 
  edit : there 's another aspect to it : being new to national politics there wo n't be old grudges and he starts with a clean slate . 
   that , no , they really do deserve being discriminated against ? 
  yes . 
  respect goes both ways . 
  stealing from whom , exactly ? 
  most people i know are barely monoglot . 
  i do n't have to worry about inflation eating away my savings and i can buy goods from any of the member states without having to wait for them to pass through customs and pay import duties . 
  stop reading the daily mail and you 'll also stop worrying , 
  as someone said , * necessity is the mother of invention * : local tvs did n't want to broadcast newer episodes of star trek , so curiosity pushed me to watch them in the original from videotapes . 
  also usenet for interaction . 
  perhaps it has gained additional meanings as loanword . 
  i was under the impression they already had to . 
  if turkey was admitted it would be the end of the eu . 
  how come nobody mentions vlad iii ? 
   is this up to date or really really old ? 
  do surnames change that often in your part of the world ? 
   permit eu citizens to seek redress in us courts can i laugh ? 
   cagar curious . 
  `` cagare '' is also the north-italian variant . 
  for historical reasons , i would have expected the southern one to be closer to the iberian word . 
  that or some medical condition like [ snow blindness ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/photokeratitis ) . 
  i think this hyza firm will have to rebrand . 
  that 's a bit morbid . 
   holy fucking shit . 
  truth be told it was a food lorry . 
  it would have been a reasonable assumption to think that refrigeration had failed and that meat had spoiled . 
   fun fact : the lorry owns slovakian company hyza . 
  how can a vehicle own anything ? 
  dutch sounds like a german with pharyngitis . 
   mutual intelligibility does n't mean the languages are identic . 
  nordic languages are fairly mutually intelligible but you would n't say they speak different versions of the same language . 
  ironically enough , corsican is more intelligible to an italian speaker than sardinian . 
  does he stay at a hotel ? 
  how much does that add to the cost ? 
  because old latin is [ yet another language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_latin ) . 
  edit : if anything , it would make more sense to call it [ new tuscan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuscan_dialect ) . 
  french perhaps , but many words in castilian have different roots . 
  maybe catalan instead ? 
   most normal americans do n't even make enough to owe taxes while working abroad . 
  you have to make slightly more than $ 100,000 or the local equivalent . 
  wo n't they have to pay an accountant anyway ? 
  one who 's an expert on both fiscal systems ? 
  neve , snow . 
   i 'm not sure i follow . 
  why were they intimidating him and what does it have to do with southern italian culture ? 
  read the following comments . 
  he was likely being pressured to give someone a passing grade or a better one than they deserved . 
   turkey = terrifying prisons and wrong continent ? 
   even his friend that varoufakis asked help from , is now denying the claims of varoufakis . 
  could it be they are denying to avoid being made scapegoats ? 
  varoufakis has parliamentary immunity , they do n't . 
  what an odd question . 
  are n't spaniards latin themselves ? 
  this guy really has a martyr complex . 
  perhaps he 's talking about dario fo . 
  that man is either a troll or a complete cretin . 
  70 % of the debt is in the hands of italian banks , so defaulting would be financial seppuku . 
  let 's call it terra mariana and be done with it !, 
  the [ man with a perennial smirk ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ha91cmf.jpg ) . 
  he 's the kind of person who would sell his own mother as roast-beef if there was a political advantage . 
  renzi is a notorious wordsmith . 
  let 's see if he actually puts money where his mouth is . 
  i 'm not convinced a default in 2011 would have spared greek banks . 
  do n't you think it would have been followed by a bank run with capital controls and possible nationalisation ? 
  individuals would have ended up with a fraction of their savings or ious or drachmae or nothing at all . 
  and german/french governments would have needed to intervene to save * systemic * banks to avoid worse troubles . 
  if anyone , bank functionaries who arranged the loans and were long-gone when the bubble popped are the real winners here . 
  banks were indeed making a gamble , giving out low-interest loans because they thought there was a ez-wide protection umbrella for every member ( as it came out to be , to some extent ) . 
  but what does that make of politicians who indebted their country and the next generations of their own people for short-term gains ? 
  were n't they able to see the numbers did n't add up and they could n't afford it ? 
  or was it just political machinations ? 
  every day we read about evil banks , but never about the likes of [ costas simitis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/costas_simitis ) who was in charge when the books were being cooked . 
   i am sure you read the rest of the comment because i went on to say greeks should not have been given a bailout by eu . 
  i disagree on this , as explained here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cuj5o/greek_crisis_athens_delivers_proposal_gregathread/ct00eay, 
   i think the bankers should be punished for their reckless behaviour as opposed to the greek government , who yes acted reckless , but that recklessness was supported by the bankers . 
  are greeks ( or greek politicians at least ) to be considered children who were being offered a candy ? 
  do n't they also have to answer for what they did , and to their people even ? 
  nobody ever mentions or even criticises them , like they were poor halfwits taken for a ride by the big bad foreign bankers . 
  i shall remind you that these were adult and ( supposedly ) competent people , not red riding hood vs. the wolf . 
  ok , let 's make a nice gedankenexperiment : back in 2011 the banks are n't bailed out and take a serious hit or even fail . 
  but so does the greek government . 
  and the eu finds itself with a gigantic political problem on its hands ; the ecb ca n't pretend greek bonds are worth anything more than bog roll and ca n't issue ela either . 
  at this point , short of an incredibly generous imf largesse , both the eu and greece find themselves in a grexit scenario with no planning . 
  so , since it 's going to have a political outcome , why not manage it politically anyway ? 
  why leave the decision in the hands of private entities ? 
  perhaps greece was always doomed , but at least this bought some time to prepare for the worst . 
  if anything , i 'm surprised he has the authority to do so . 
  in my time it was the ministry that had the last word on such things . 
  paper and ink come from the ecb . 
  good luck with that . 
  i first heard about this almost 20 years ago . 
  i ca n't believe it 's still going on ... 
   let 's see who 's going to have the last laugh . 
  no-one , i fear . 
  the greek people will be miserable either way , lent money wo n't be returned and worst-case scenario europe will have a failed state on its doorstep , a nato member no less .
