  if just 100,000 of them now live in london , this places a large strain on resources ( housing , hospitals , transport , perhaps even schooling ) . 
  yes , most of them will be working and paying taxes , but planning new infrastructure takes many years . 
  does n't work like that all the time ? 
  the uk is generally more expensive than germany , it does n't mean that germany is a poorer country . 
  similarly , the uae is much more expensive than the uk , it does n't mean that the uae has a brilliantly strong economy . 
  the uk government officially predicted 13,000 would come from romania and bulgaria once the borders open . 
  there are now 170,000 romanians and 65,000 bulgarians in the uk . 
  in purely economic terms , [ uk factory growth is the highest in 2 years ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37539019 ) , our exports are up and tourism is seeing double-digit growth . 
  this is all the flip side of having a weaker currency . 
  our consumer spending has also risen a lot since the referendum , due to the boe reducing the interest rate . 
  ftse is also doing well on the back of our currency devaluation -- and lots of savings and pensions are invested in the ftse . 
  today at the conservative conference , the new chancellor is expected to roll back on austerity , ignore the 2020 target of balancing the books and spend heavily on new transportation infrastructure . 
  he 's also going to invest in much needed housing construction . 
  there are of course a lot of negatives , but you asked for the positives . 
  `` working together '' sounds nice , but it does n't really fit with the reality of politics , does it ? 
  you have to negotiate , and at times , that requires you to be combative . 
  look at how the eastern nations are becoming more and more combative with the eu/germany 's migration policy . 
  ... if you believe it wo n't be ready within 2 years , and no country will be forced to join , then why do you think the uk should hurry up and leave in light of this announcement ? 
  i highly doubt british troops will be called up to fight and die on the orders of brussels within the next 2 years . 
  as i said , i do not think that this will have any bearing on how quickly the uk leaves the eu . 
   if a country that is apparently going to leave has a problem with something , they could speed up that process . 
  but the uk has a veto against this . 
  so even if it comes into force over the next few years ( prior to art50 negotiation completion ) , the uk would not be forced into joining the eu army . 
  so i do n't see why the uk would want to * speed up the leaving process * on the back of this ? 
  just sounds odd the way you say ` you 're welcome to leave anytime now ' to someone from the uk , when you live in the uk yourself . 
  personally , i think the eu army is a fantastic idea ( particularly for those nations with small economies that border russia ) . 
  just not for the uk . 
  i 'm glad the eu politicians are able to get on with it without us . 
  serious question : i wonder if there 's much opposition to an eu-wide army in france as well ? 
  considering they match the uk in many respects with regards to their army and nuclear capabilities . 
  also because their politics are also moving further to the right of the spectrum ( and in many cases , are far more right wing than the uk ) . 
   you 're welcome to leave anytime now . 
  do n't you live in the uk yourself ? 
  ireland is mentioned 66 times in the document , more than any other country . 
  ireland is even mentioned in the summary on the first pages :  protecting our strong and historic ties with ireland and maintaining the common travel area -- we will work to deliver a practical solution that allows for the maintenance of the common travel area , whilst protecting the integrity of our immigration system and which protects our strong ties with ireland . 
  i do n't understand what has made you so angry ? 
  why are you so angry ? 
  ireland is mentioned 66 times in the white paper . 
  including in the summary :  protecting our strong and historic ties with ireland and maintaining the common travel area -- we will work to deliver a practical solution that allows for the maintenance of the common travel area , whilst protecting the integrity of our immigration system and which protects our strong ties with ireland . 
  yes , there was a minor part about calais , with politicians stating `` we need to work harder with our french partners to ensure the safety and security of the border crossing '' or something similar . 
  perhaps sometimes `` we believe the french need to uphold their side of the deal '' at the very worst . 
  i do n't recall any all out attack from either conservatives or labour against france as a whole . 
  we are about to get a whole lot of french politicians bashing britain in a bid to achieve votes . 
  i do n't believe france has ever been mentioned in any recent uk general election . 
  i do understand that the presidential hopefuls now need to appear to be ` tough on britain ' to win votes , however . 
  note to europe : no one in the uk really takes boris johnson seriously . 
  i do n't believe many of us really got wound up by it , was just 1 example . 
   why was it moved ? 
  for damn good reason : so the first african american president of a nation stained with the original sin of slavery and more 180 + years of state-sanctioned racial repression would have room to display a bust of an american and global luminary : martin luther king jr. 
  strange , as donald trump has somehow managed to fit both in the same office . 
  i 'm questioning the usefulness of a diplomatic relationship if it does n't involve economics or politics . 
  if he really felt as close to the uk as his speechwriter has written , then he must 've known the symbolic impact of removing the winston churchill bust ? 
  particularly in a nuanced relationship in which actions are a rarity . 
  if he truly understood the british people , then he must 've known how badly he would be portrayed by coming to the uk to intervene in the referendum . 
  he did the leave campaign a massive favour that day . 
  obama did not value the relationship as much as bush , and definitely not as much as trump seems to . 
  it 's no secret that obama valued the us-german ties a lot more . 
  you have asked a lot of questions , but i 'll answer the main one . 
   can someone please explain to me why the brexiteers seem to think britain will get a decent trade deal from the us . 
  to be clear , this is subjective and i 'm sure there 's evidence to the contrary on many of these points . 
  however , since you asked : * he 's expressed his preference from bilateral over unilateral trade agreements . 
  * he 's half-british , and seems to like the uk a lot . 
  has businesses in scotland . 
  his mother loved the queen , etc. 
  that does n't mean he 's going to bend over , but it 's a positive . 
  remember , it 's donald trump here , so normal political logic does not really apply . 
  he 's very emotive . 
  as a side note , i believe he wanted his official uk visit to include him playing golf at his golf scotland , whilst the queen watches ( not making this up ) . 
  * he ( and those around him ) seem to want the eu to fail . 
  by offering the uk a decent trade deal , he 's goading the eu and showing other less enthusiastic members that there 's life outside of the eu . 
  * he was the only western ` leader ' that was supportive of brexit , and believes the uk made the right decision . 
  by making a decent trade deal , he 's proving himself right . 
  * he has said many times that obama was wrong to say the uk would be at the back of the queue for a trade deal . 
  he has reiterated that the uk would be at the front of the queue . 
  by making a trade deal with the uk , and reigniting the ` special relationship ' , he 's also goading the obama administration . 
  trump made a point of putting the winston churchill bust back in the oval office , something that obama removed . 
  * he 's been in office less than a week and has already made a big start on his policies . 
  it 's unlikely he would be inviting theresa may over ( the first leader to meet him as president ) to the us only to offer poor terms . 
  he loves the theatre of showing that he gets things done regardless of the actual substance . 
  exactly , this has nothing to do with brexit . 
  saudi arabia actually have more british built planes than the uk does . 
  voting remain would not mean we would 've stopped selling arms to these countries . 
  as ever , the ` independent ' has a massive bias . 
  you obviously know something we do n't then . 
   it 's misleading but it 's a fact that data centers outside of the eu can not hold data bout eu citizens . 
  like much of brexit , it is not yet clear what will happen . 
  yeah , they are the ones with the misleading title . 
  misleading title . 
   mr larter said the us tech company was currently hoping to build data centres in the uk `` at a pretty strong lick '' as the market was performing `` very well '' , but added : `` we 're really keen to avoid import tariffs on any hardware . ''  he continued : `` the uk is actually the eu 's largest cloud market at the moment , and is set to double by 2019 . 
   `` that kind of bright future is probably not going to be possible if we make it a lot harder to transfer data and store data from the eu into uk data centres . 
   `` this is particularly significant for microsoft ; we 've just opened two data centres here in the uk . ''  after his comments were reported , microsoft released a statement saying they were `` not reflective of the company 's view '' . 
   `` as we have said both before and after the eu referendum vote , microsoft 's commitment to the uk is unchanged , '' a spokesperson said . 
  i think we should stay out of these matters now . 
   the point i was making , as i said , ireland has thrived within the eu . 
  the uk is 12x the size of ireland , so it 's naturally a bit different . 
  as a side note , i would n't expect the relationship between ireland and the eu to be quite so cosy in the coming years . 
  it will be interesting to see what the eu do about dublin not requiring corporations to pay their proper taxes . 
  i think you should learn more about the uk ( and our history ) before you start accusing us of nationalism . 
  i also think you misunderstood me when i spoke of the lack of invasion . 
  this is significant as we have not seen the atrocities of a european war on our soil .
