housing - provide tower blocks in the cities , social care/healthcare - majority of immigrants are young and do n't yet need these very much . 
  education - i do n't know , maybe build schools , maybe recruit teachers . 
  i think these problems are far more complex than you realise . 
  eu nationals in the uk : 10 years ago , 800k . 
  5 years ago , 1.3 m. 
  today , 3.2 m. 
  how can you plan housing , education , healthcare and social care for the next 10 years if you have no idea whether there will be an increase to 6m eu nationals or a decrease to 1m ? 
  because it 's simply not true . 
  ask anyone from the uk if there 's any sense of ` looking down ' on ireland or irish people and they will wonder what you mean . 
  30 % of us have irish descendants ; myself included . 
  ireland has a 10 % unemployment rate . 
  uk has a 5 % unemployment rate . 
   i do n't want to be associated with a country that decides to shut its doors to people like me . 
  do you think the uk is the only eu country that wishes to control immigration ? 
  so you 're saying the us visa process has seriously hurt the us economy as well ? 
  they allow british people overseas to sign petitions , so how exactly can they ` hunt ' people with non-uk ips ? 
   moreover , even if the final result of brexit is not a total ban on immigration , it 's obvious that there will be a visa process . 
  any kind of visa process will make more difficult for british companies to hire highly skilled europeans . 
  people talk about visas as if they are a massive setback to economic growth . 
  the us require visas and have a pretty decent tech industry . 
  i needed a visa to live in both china and the uae . 
  if you ca n't invest an hour of your time to fill in a form in order to move to another country , then you should probably stay home . 
  you 're basing your facts on internet votes ? 
  you realise that anyone around the world can vote in those things ? 
   the fact that london -- one of the biggest tech centres on the continent -- will potentially be shutting its doors to overseas workers actually , businessinsider , i do n't think anyone has ever proposed ` shutting the door ' to skilled workers . 
  i 've never noticed any xenophobia in bournemouth with any non-british people i 've been with at the time . 
  i do n't get what your problem is ? 
   if you were so tolerant , you 'd be saying `` oh that sucks '' not `` its cool that a spanish guy got a plank to the face , cos racism exists in finland also . '', 
  how did i say it 's ok ? 
  i said people ( like you ) are accusing the uk of being a racist place because of isolated incidents . 
  yet the statistics prove that the uk is one of the least racist places in the whole of europe . 
  do you have statistics to prove otherwise or are you getting all your ` knowledge ' from clickbaity articles ? 
  as itt people from countries that are institutionally racist seem to be bashing the uk ... for racism ? 
  granted , finland is probably one of the least racist , but it still has plenty of racist people : [ a poll made in late 2011 revealed that the majority of the finns viewed finland as a racist country . 
  [ 19 ] two thirds considered the country to be fairly racist , 12 % recognised a moderate amount of racism , and 2 % admitted to be very racist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_europe#finland ) people in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  having been to certain eastern european countries with my non-white girlfriend , i 've experienced racism that has n't been present in the uk since the 1970s . 
  the uk is one of the least racist countries in the whole of europe . 
  i would challenge anyone to show me statistics to prove otherwise . 
  may i ask where you are from ? 
  [ young black men were nine times more likely than other americans to be killed by police officers in 2015 , according to the findings of a guardian study that recorded a final tally of 1,134 deaths at the hands of law enforcement officers this year . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/dec/31/the-counted-police-killings-2015-young-black-men ), 
  getting lectured about race relations , by the guy who proudly lives in the country where people are shot dead for the crime of being black every single day . 
  the guardian and bbc news are fear mongering now ? 
  i think you should just concede that you do n't really know much about the uk . 
  also , i hate to break it to you , but 40 % + of your country are still trump voters , regardless of whether he wins or not . 
  ergo , in your words , 40 % of your country `` buy the bullshit '' . 
  i live in a london borough where over 150 languages are spoken . 
  nothing has changed since june . 
  it 's like when you yanks said london has been taken over by muslims and there are ` no go ' areas , because you read an article online . 
  one minute we 're being taken over by muslims , the next we are all raging racists beating up europeans . 
  pretty sure he was drunk , attack was at 5am . 
  exactly , i 've been to bournemouth many times and it strikes me as a very welcoming , liberal and international place . 
  yes , there will be uneducated , intoxicated ( attack was at 5am ) , racist idiots -- but i 'm pretty sure these exist in every country and existed before britain decided to leave the european union . 
  ... but of course , people here would rather link it to brexit , because it suits their agenda . 
  where are your stats ? 
  there have n't been any meaningful increase in conviction rate . 
  i take it you do n't even live in the uk , and you get all of your info from clickbait articles ? 
  how do you know for certain that these attackers even voted in the eu referendum ? 
  actually , i 'd say ( rightly or wrongly ) , the majority of eu referendum stories in the uk are negative about the uk 's decision . 
  there is an endless supply of ` what happens about x when we leave ? ', 
  stories . 
  unless you read very specific media outlets , that is . 
  you mention tourists , and actually our tourism sector is booming right now . 
  double-digit growth on last year , and a friend of mine has a lot of airbnb 's in london , she 's had to put her price up and has never been busier . 
  one of the positives of having a weaker currency , i guess . 
  i think you misunderstood my post . 
  i said whatever happens now , this can be spun ( at least in the uk media ) as a victory for the uk . 
  she 's just a troll that 's strangely [ obsessed with bashing the uk ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3hjeu24.png ) . 
  funny thing is , she actually lives in the uk as ( i believe ) there are no jobs in her native italy . 
  small in the context of 500 million people . 
  actually , it 's win win for us . 
  if the eu keeps pressing this small belgian town until they finally push it through ( be it carrot or stick ) , then the eu have just pulled another ` irish referendum ' and undermined the democratic will of the people for their own ends , and so we were right to leave . 
  equally , if the eu does n't manage to get the deal done after 7 years of hard slog with canada , then it shows how defunct the eu project is , and proves to the world that the eu is too large for trade deals and so we were right to leave . 
  what exactly is wrong with the bbc explaining to a british audience what impact world events have on britain ? 
  as you 're speaking about the situation right after the referendum , i will as well . 
  firstly , a falling pound is not a wholly negative thing . 
  it is for imports and people going on holiday . 
  however , gbp was seen as overvalued prior to the referendum and in need of correction . 
  it 's obviously a good thing for exports to have a weaker currency ( something greece could 've done with ) . 
  not to mention double-digit growth in tourism . 
  secondly , going off the data since the referendum , employment rate is up , consumer spending is surprisingly high and people are back to buying houses at the rate they were prior to the referendum . 
  the uk economy remains strong in this respect . 
  in the medium term , we will be seeing inflation creeping up -- however , the bank of england have been trying to increase inflation for years , so * some * inflation is * healthy * for the economy . 
  it all depends on whether it goes much further than the 2 % target ( it 's currently at 1 % ) . 
  i lived in china for years . 
  i complained about the normal things like every other foreigner ( air quality , food quality , etc ) , it 's normal . 
  however , looking through her reddit account , she seems to actually despise the uk . 
  if i hated china half as much as she hates the uk , i would n't have chosen to live there ? 
  i remember her posts on the day we voted out . 
  she said she was too scared to leave the house for fear of being beaten up and recommended everyone stays indoors , as she 's italian or something . 
  instead of questioning why italy have a 45 % youth unemployment rate ( and why she and many other young italians now live in the uk ) , she spends her whole time bashing the uk . 
  yet the us have called for an increase in european military spending , to meet the 2 % nato spending ? 
  more european military = less us military spending protecting europe . 
  the us are more concerned about saving money these days than playing world superpower politics . 
  historically strong military power , a nuclear armed nation , further loss of sovereignty . 
  it 's good and bad . 
  it 's definitely bad for societal cohesion and rent prices . 
  it 's definitely good if you 're a business owner employing minimum wage labour , or you own property . 
   however the same think tank suggested in 2011 that around 21,000 immigrants from romania and bulgaria a year - substantially more than the 13,000 a year predicted in a report for the last labour government - will come here last year . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/9973869/immigration-study-that-failed-to-predict-romanians-and-bulgarians-a-waste-of-money-says-mp.html ) the uk government is supposed to make estimations , in order to plan for things .
