  many in continental europe have the scars of the war ingrained in their psyche . 
  prevention of war is one of the eu 's strongest attributes in continental europe , but it 's not given the same credence in the uk . 
  i did n't mean it in the playground way you 're suggesting of ` we are a strong nation ' , but rather , we have not dealt with the same perils of war that has scarred the continent . 
  ... until all nations in said superstate realised it did n't work in their best interest and so ( peacefully or forcefully ) gained back their independence from the empire ... 
   are you describing ireland or the uk mate ? 
  quite clearly was describing the uk , why would i have been describing ireland ? 
   it 's nothing to do with anything you 're saying , the fact is that the uk is too culturally arrogant to be a good fit with the eu . 
  i do n't even know what this means ? 
  please explain with examples of how the uk is ` culturally arrogant ' in comparison to france , italy , spain and germany ? 
  only if ` special ' means we never wanted to be part of an integrated superstate . 
  i guess the good news is that the eu can move forward with no resistance . 
  neither op nor i used the word special , that 's your definition . 
  as i wrote in my post , there are reasons why the uk has never felt as much a part of the eu as other continental eu nations . 
  as i said , i sincerely hope the eu becomes more integrated and federalised as there will be no real resistance to this now that we have left . 
  it is not meant to be patronising . 
  i do n't think it 's anything to do with feeling ` too important ' , but we 've had a very different history from the rest of continental europe . 
  there are several unique characteristics of britain ; we 've not been invaded for a very long time ; we have good relationships with many commonwealth countries ; we have historically , culturally and geographically been in between europe and the us . 
  we were never a good fit for the eu . 
  lots of people moaned when we were a member and told us to leave if we were n't happy ( because we moaned a lot about integration ) . 
  hopefully , us leaving means that the eu can further integrate into a superstate , and we can fulfil a more outwardly looking perspective . 
  then both parties will be happy . 
  edit : i did not mean ` we have not been invaded , so we are pretty strong ' , but rather , the uk has not experienced the impact of a war on our soil . 
  although we lost millions of people and solidified the death of the empire throughout ww1 and ww2 , we did not suffer the mental scars of having dealt with the atrocities that war brings to your doorstep . 
  i believe this disconnect means we do not value the eu in terms of peacekeeping as much as continental europe seems to . 
  if they wanted to stay in the eu , they would 've voted ? 
  the rest are under 18 . 
  as with our general elections , those under 18 are not permitted to vote . 
  the truth is that half of the population were either too young , or did n't care enough to vote . 
  you can not suddenly count these all as ` remainers ' , as that 's not how votes work . 
  also , this was an extremely high turnout . 
  which other member states do not want further eu integration ? 
  people would rather buy an aston martin or bentley if the prices are the same as audi/bmw/mercedes . 
   as if audi , bmw and mercedes buyers are suddenly going to stop buying their preferred brand it all depends on the tariff and how much of it the companies swallow/pass onto consumers . 
  part of the reason i feel we are better to leave . 
  it 's much harder for the eu to realise it 's ambition when one of the biggest members is also the least enthusiastic . 
  once we leave , the eu is free to push forward with far greater integration/federalisation . 
  yes , there are [ 12 million visits from the uk to spain every year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_spain ) , so some people will go several times per year . 
   i say we should just risk the losses . 
  you mean you would kick out any british people living in nl ? 
  [ the uk pays more than # 670m to eu countries for britons ' healthcare abroad , while claiming back less than # 50m from the eu . 
  ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/nhs-scandal-as-uk-pays-millions-to-eu-10189381 ), 
   why would the rest of europe have to accommodate to their wishes ? 
  ... and why should the uk accommodate the wishes of the eu 's citizens , without securing assurances for our own ? 
   well , think again , cause most of english immigrants are retired , so they basically do n't contribute to the country . 
  so you want to kick out 700,000 people that have nothing to do all day long but spend their pensions ? 
  many of which , will be hundreds of thousands of euros ? 
  every time they spend money in a local supermarket , they are propping up local food growers ; they are contributing towards the staff salaries in the supermarkets ; they are contributing towards the supermarkets spanish corporation tax bill . 
  all of the money that was once earnt in the uk , is now being pumped into the spanish economy . 
  as mentioned in the speech , uk is ready to afford the rights 3.3 m eu citizens , but it appears not all eu nations are yet prepared to return the favour for the 1.2 m uk citizens in the eu . 
  remember that the majority of the 700,000 brits in spain are pensioners that are spending their life savings in spain ( and their healthcare is paid for by our nhs , btw ) . 
  also remember that the uk provides more tourists to spain than any other country . 
  if spain chooses to kick out these 700,000 and make it more difficult for the 12m tourists to visit , it would cost spain a lot of money . 
  [ the president-elect wanted a deal that would be `` signature ready '' by 2019 , when the uk is due to leave the eu , gove said ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/blog/live/2017/jan/16/trump-wants-a-uk-us-trade-deal-signature-ready-for-brexit-in-2019-says-gove-politics-live?page=with:block-587c8432e4b0f10ba20b8b9f#block-587c8432e4b0f10ba20b8b9f ) would n't be the first time gove is wrong , but i also do n't think trump cares much for traditional us government protocol . 
   ukip i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say the * majority * of ukip supporters simply want * controlled * immigration , as they feel 330,000 net is too high for the uk and that mainstream parties have not acted on these concerns over the last 15 years . 
  only a few nutjobs want to ` end ' immigration or treat immigrants differently . 
   theresa may has joined barack obama , angela merkel and the leaders of france , canada and italy to jointly condemn russia over its role in the humanitarian disaster `` taking place before our very eyes '' in aleppo . 
   in the statement , the six leaders criticised the syrian government `` and its foreign backers , especially russia '' , for attacks on civilians and obstructing humanitarian aid . 
  ... it 's the first paragraph of the article, 
  so you should be rejoicing at the referendum result !, 
   not just throw a fit and leave . 
  yeah , it 's not as if the uk has been sceptical of eu membership since we joined , or anything . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  compared to the uk , germans are more likely to believe that their refugees will commit terrorism , and are less likely to believe that diversity makes germany a better place to live . 
  france even has a less favourable view of the eu than the uk does . 
  it 's going to be an interesting 2017 when the other two ` powerhouses ' of the eu are dwindling in their support of the project ( according to this research ) . 
  different nations have different solutions . 
  our government decided the best move would be to donate # 2.3 bn to assist the millions of displaced people in camps - whilst taking in some of the most vulnerable people from said camps . 
  whereas i believe the german government decided to offer asylum to anyone who had the money and fitness to make it to germany . 
  to be honest , we simply do not have the housing , schooling , and hospital facilities to take an additional 1 million people ( asylum seekers or otherwise ) within the space of a year , as germany seems capable of doing . 
  we already have net migration of 300,000 which places a lot of strain . 
  also , the uk asylum system seems different to germany . 
  in a recent trip to berlin i was told by someone who assists the asylum claims that asylum seekers must stay within certain zones of the city ? 
  they are not free to move around germany ? 
  perhaps you can correct me on this . 
  not really , i posted the statistics showing the impact that the japan deal is projected to have on the eu economy , alongside the statistics showing that the uk is the eu 's biggest trading partner . 
  so as i said , it wo n't have anywhere near the same impact on either party as the impending brexit negotiations . 
  if the uk were outside the eu today , it would be the [ eu 's biggest export market ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/where-does-eu-export/ ) - the uk buys more from the eu than even the us does . 
  i do n't believe anyone has ever suggested that japan will come anywhere near this ? 
  secondly , the figures show that the eu-japan deal should add around [ 0.6-0 .8 % ] ( http://fortune.com/2016/09/20/eu-japan-trade-agreement/ ) to eu 's gdp . 
  right now , the eu 's exports to the uk add about 4 % to eu 's gdp , with [ 8-17 % of all eu 's exports ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/uk-eu-trade/ ) going to the uk . 
  lastly , there are 3 million eu nationals in the uk , and 1 million uk nationals in the eu . 
  there is no freedom of movement with japan as there is currently with eu-uk . 
  so , do you have any statistics to back up your claim that the eu-japan deal is going to have as much of an impact on the eu as the eu-uk one ? 
   your line of thinking is `` our papers are bad so theirs must be the same '' no , my line is that tabloid newspapers , owned by billionaires ( who are not even british , may i add ) , that have a history of printing controversial and often times illegal , highly sensationalist headlines , are not treating brexit any differently from anything else they report on . 
  so you probably should n't cite them as a credible source on the uk 's negotiation position and attitude . 
  that 's all . 
  ... and you are also speaking for the tabloids in continental europe ? 
  you do n't believe french tabloids to be taking a shot at uk politicians ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they will be ; but i understand that this is not representative of your average french person and has no bearing on the political situation in france ... it 's just to sell newspapers and advertising . 
  of course the daily mail , express and the sun are going to take a dumbed down/controversial approach to this ; but is it really unexpected ? 
  it 's what they do . 
  they are not acting out of character in the way they are portraying brexit . 
  equally , we have the guardian , financial times , bbc news and other publications that pro-eu or at least very neutral . 
  the uk 's negotiation position is not summarised by a few trashy british tabloids that are all owned by a couple of billionaires . 
  that does n't really respond to what i said . 
  you mentioned the uk newspapers are insulting the eu . 
  i simply stated that it 's quite obvious that this would happen , and i 'm quite sure that the european papers will be insulting/criticising/vilifying / ridiculing the uk just as much throughout the negotiation period . 
  do n't take it personally , the press is relatively free to write whatever they want . 
  the uk press is also extremely critical of the uk government in these negotiations and of course , basically half of the uk wanted to stay in the eu anyway . 
  which point remains ?
