so are they going to have their own national team or not ? 
  the kits would surely look pretty neat , with yellow and red stripes for example, 
  part of europe , according to them, 
  fine so then it 's all the europeans fault that there is so much gun violence in the us, 
  whenever i hear statistics like this i 'm like `` yet if it were n't for the us , europeans would be killing each other on the scale they were in 1945 . '', 
  so let 's put this all in perspective , shall we ? 
  yeah but that 's a little different because germany actually caused the holocaust, 
  actually it did n't . 
  `` one of the few countries in eastern europe '' was specifically worded to imply there was nazi compliance in other parts of europe ( and indeed the world ), 
  that may all be true but saying the death camps were a polish thing is still wrong . 
  poland did n't even exist as a nation when those came into full operation . 
  sure the nazis had their willing executioners but this was a ) not unique to poland , or even eastern europe and b ) something on the scale of auschwitz simply could not have been organized or carried out by a small country like poland . 
  you first needed control of large swaths of territory and then needed the logistical and administrative manpower to round up all these poor people and send them thousands of miles in freight trains to be murdered . 
  having said all that , there is a degree of semantics involved in this . 
  i could say `` polish death camps '' and mean the nazi death camps in poland as opposed to ones elsewhere and not imply poland were collaborative . 
  so the whole law sounds kind of ridiculous to me . 
  i said eastern europe , but yes, 
  was n't there some guy bandura something in ukraine ? 
  pretty sure poland was also one of the few countries in eastern europe whose government did n't collaborate with the nazis in any way ( unlike places like croatia , slovakia and ukraine for example ), 
  makes sense to me . 
  but prison for people who argue otherwise sounds a bit harsh no ? 
  til that budapest was part of the russian empire, 
  too complicated ? 
  it 's like the balkans writ large . 
  then again by the look of this the entire continent is like the balkans, 
  apparently nothing . 
  despite having three ( actually four if you count romansh ) distinct linguistic regions there does n't appear to have been any noise of separatism . 
  where 's christiania ? 
  hopefully they are n't listening to saudi but to murica ? 
  that would have been from before the 30s i think . 
  by the mid-20s babe ruth had revolutionized the game from the so-called `` dead ball '' era into something more closely resembling what it is today . 
  the game was truly different then , though without home runs i wonder how exciting it would be for today 's audiences ? 
  then again like i said i 'm surprised that the game remains exciting to american audiences today , period !, 
  it was always pretty slow . 
  yeah those things have slowed the game down ( though probably not as much as the commercial breaks every half inning ) but games were always a bit of a slog , especially for the uninitiated . 
  what 's interesting is that baseball is very un-american for how slow-moving , nuanced and intricate it is . 
  soccer is a carnival by comparison, 
  yes . 
  there 's a lot of nuance with nazis . 
  they were n't all universally bad , were they ? 
  not sure how that metaphor applies ... 
  including belarus was a copout . 
  it 's something typically done by racists when they do n't want to draw attention to the fact that they 're racist . 
  `` let me include a token white government into my sample to preempt any accusations of racism . 
  that will be my alibi if anybody accuses me . '', 
  right let 's hold up china as an example of a just and effective government, 
  why do you have higher expectations for countries that have white people and lower expectations for third world countries , particularly ones in africa ? 
  you do n't think africans are capable of democracy and the rule of law ? 
  if you do n't like the death penalty , do n't get death penalized, 
  yeah about 70 years ago germany had completely different standards for barbarism now , did n't they ? 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  maybe because the truth hurts, 
  that 's racist, 
  so you 're saying a non-violent criminal who may or may not be responsible for `` financial fraud on an industrial scale '' ( good luck proving that in a court of law beyond a reasonable doubt ) deserves to be executed by the state ? 
  maybe these europeans are right . 
  maybe we are crazy, 
  so you 're saying you oppose the outcome ( and findings ) of the nuremberg trials ? 
  what i 'd like to know from german ( and other ) opponents of the death penalty is if they supported the outcome of the nurnberg trials , which culminated in death by hanging for several senior nazi officials . 
  if they do support it , they are n't against the death penalty . 
  yeah and either way you 're looking at barca being the main representative of the region . 
  i suppose it all depends on how badly they want this independence thing ... 
  interesting question . 
  if they do they kill the barca-real rivalry that is the signature event on the spanish league calendar . 
  which would be bad for both spanish and catalan leagues if they were to start one ( and make it separate ) . 
  that 's not an official team in that they do n't play qualifiers for major tournaments, 
  fuck you motherfucker !, 
  dubbing is stupid . 
  voice overs a whole other level of idiotic, 
  you mean cdos ( collateralized debt obligations ) ? 
  point is , blackrock is n't a bank . 
  they 're an asset manager . 
  a very big one . 
  as such they undoubtedly have influence but calling them a bank , the way the headline of this article did , speaks to a high level of ignorance of financial markets , which makes the story less credible . 
  wtf are `` these bad surprise papers ( where nobody knew what was really in them ) '' ?? 
  til that blackrock is a bank, 
  so there 's this thing called the european union and britain held a vote to leave it ... 
  how dare they !, 
  oh wait , they voted for it, 
  did n't britain kind of have its chance to `` unite for europe '' ( and with europe ) in that referendum last june ? 
  til the eu has no sense of humor, 
  like i said , that 's just ( hopelessly ? ), 
  optimistic . 
  the us may not have imposed pan european order at gunpoint , but the threat of soviet invasion sure forced the ( west ) germans and french to fall into line behind the yanks pretty quick . 
  everything else , customs unions , maastricht , was a result of this . 
  left to their own devices europeans simply ca n't stop squabbling , fighting and eventually murdering each other . 
  that has been proven again and again since time immemorial . 
  it 's playing out again now before our very eyes . 
  the only difference now is that europe does n't matter . 
  the world 's economic and military powers are elsewhere . 
  so the europeans basically have successfully destroyed themselves already . 
  that may also prove to be optimistic, 
  these past 60 years are a complete outlier in european history . 
  and a blip of one at that . 
  give it a few years , the old pattern will take hold again . 
  brexit was just the beginning . 
  the other dominos are lined up in a row and will topple one by one . 
  all of which begs the question : would europeans really have it any different ? 
  i would think not . 
  the current order was imposed on them at gunpoint by americans and soviets . 
  this will just be a return to form .
