ukip of course !, 
  estrogen does n't change your voice , it only works the other way around . 
  that 's how it works with `` americanness '' . 
  seems fair to me . 
  the united states of america : going all-in on unjustified military action and running away from justified military action since 1812 !, 
  i 'm pretty sure the kind of americans who read / r/europe know that obamacare ( although better than what we had before ) is weak sauce and not the kind universal healthcare we need . 
  on the flip side i do see a lot angry europeans who do n't seem to fully grasp american politics . 
  the right here makes a lot more noise about socialism and communism , but it 's just the far-right ( ignorant-right ? ), 
  that draw the connection . 
  speaking about the country as a whole , socialism is not considered worse than nazism . 
  we even have an actual socialist in the senate !, 
  whereas even the most extreme right denounce the nazis , even going so far as to connect liberal and progressive politics with them ( ugh ) . 
  besides , we already have a homegrown bloody warmongering totalitarian state for the right to rally around - the confederacy . 
  i 'd like to apologize on behalf of my government . 
  what the nsa has done in this instance and others is a disgrace to our duty to our allies and to the diplomatic process . 
  i 'm not sure what the other americans in the thread are thinking but this kind of massive spying program on our ** allies ** is unprecedented and unusual and americans should not shrug it off as `` business as usual '' . 
  every excuse our government could have to do this applies to its own citizens as well . 
  funny , the rich in the u.s. do n't seem to understand tanstaafl , the free lunch being the difference between the value created by a worker 's labor and the share of that value the worker actually receives . 
  the capitalist class just keeps taking bigger and bigger bites . 
  why have n't we had a revolution here in the u.s. ? 
  hey !, 
  i 've been homeless in the u.s. ( recently too ! ), 
  and this is completely wrong . 
  - food stamps : $ 200 a month . 
  hope you have access to a kitchen and fridge and do n't mind going practically vegetarian !, 
  - housing : ahahaha . 
  know what the waiting list for public housing was in my county ? 
  * four years * . 
  and it was n't free , it was sliding scale from $ 200 - $ 800 a month . 
  know what a homeless shelter is like ? 
  overcrowded and unforgiving . 
  - education : are you seriously attacking the idea of free public education for all ? 
  this hardly merits a response . 
  i 'll note though that the ability for anyone to learn is * severely * compromised when you have no housing , little food , and the massive stress that comes with being poor . 
  - a/c : ... huh ? 
  - cell phones : my cell phone was $ 15 up front and is $ 30 a month , pretty cheap . 
  you must seriously lack a sense of empathy ( and since you 've admitted you have asperger 's you really want to rethink your attitude ) to not realize that a cell phone is absolutely vital to get anything to improve your situation : housing , food , a job , help from friends or family , etc. 
  and the only cell phones provided by the state are if you are on the work/general assistance program which requires that you turn in proof that you are applying to jobs every week . 
  but let 's not get lost in the details . 
  you completely fail to understand that in order to get to a better place , one where you can `` work or give back to society '' you need to have a stable source of food , shelter , and communications . 
  this is n't the case in the u.s. and you do n't even seem to like the hypothetical world in which it is . 
  what is this miracle wonder job that pays $ 40k a year , does n't withhold anything from your paycheck , and does n't owe any taxes ? 
  cause my dad made $ 48k for a family of 5 and always paid a net of at least $ 2,200 in taxes . 
  sure when tax time came we got a check , but that was a refund on taxes withheld . 
  yeah leaving the euro is not exactly a new idea . 
  he might be the first economist to explicitly call for cyprus to leave the euro but he 's not even the [ first in this subreddit . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1anll3/question_why_do_the_greek_and_cypriot_people_held/c8zcsy0?context=3 ), 
  for 8 years . 
  that 's small when compared to 223 years of union . 
  and that 's like 2 seconds on the uk scale of history , 
  wow , that is screwed up . 
  because it 's not the european supranational government issuing the bonds here . 
  the national european governments are issuing bonds , but they do n't have control of the ecb or the euro . 
  the us federal government does exercise some power over the federal reserve and is the ultimate authority on the us dollar . 
  also i just did some googling and apparently the ecb is forbidden by treaty from financing government debt . 
  i thought they were just jerks ... anyway even the new open monetary policy [ imposes austerity ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/eurocrisis/2013/03/13/how-the-ecb-learned-to-love-monetization/ ) as a condition and has a lot of other conditions as well . 
  basically if eurozone governments do n't find buyers for their debt the ecb is n't going to buy it and they ca n't borrow money . 
  a government that ca n't borrow money is a dead one . 
  so basically you buy a us bond , you 're going to get dollars when it matures guaranteed ( unless congress fucks with the debt ceiling again which is how our credit rating got hit for no good reason ) . 
  if you buy a spanish or greek bond you 're only going to get euros when it matures if the government can afford it , since they ca n't just arbitrarily increase their deficit . 
  the euro has turned government into a zero-sum game between debt service and other functions . 
  if i were in the ecb 's position i 'd issue cyprus a loan , clean up their banks ' exposure to bad financial instruments and make the cypriot government pass laws so it does n't happen again - decrease leverage , require more diversified holdings , whatever . 
  but that 's a `` bailout '' that everyone hates . 
  editing some more : of course if i was in cypriot government 's position i 'd give everyone else a big fuck you , exit the eurozone and start issuing cypriot pounds , give depositors accounts in a state-run bank with balances roughly equivalent to what they had in euros ( with an exchange rate estimated with great care ) , develop the gas fields norway-style , and run tourism ads . 
  that 's just me though , i do n't mind leading a country through a wild ride if it works out in the end . 
  the russian mafia would probably kill me though . 
  there is n't a difference , i was talking about the federal government specifically . 
  that 's a good comparison though - i do n't think national governments should be in the position us states are especially when there is no federal government to fall back to . 
  i went into some more detail in my response to shudders . 
  i think we mostly agree . 
  i agree giving each state the power to do qe would be silly but it would have been great if the federal government had agreed to make up the difference when state budgets started showing massive deficits . 
  states can issue bonds but they usually only do so for specific projects . 
  they can not continually run budget deficits for pretty much the same reasons , so for example my home state of california has slashed its budget from $ 146 billion before the recession to $ 92 billion . 
  i think this is absolutely appalling and an abrogation of the government 's duties to its people and i would hope european countries would not want to be in the same situation !, 
  so yes spain and michigan should be different , we agree there . 
  the people of michigan have the federal us government to fall back on if the state collapses or goes bankrupt or whatever . 
  the spanish people do n't have that option . 
  federalism is a very stupid idea and i despise it - the government must be given power to make its own monetary policy or else it will face this kind of crisis . 
  the only way to do it and avoid a crisis would be for the top-level government to either guarantee debt of lower level governments or to finance their deficit spending directly . 
  this is not optimal and very obviously not at all possible politically . 
  the only way to insulate the euro from sovereign debt crises would be a real federation of the european union , at the cost of sovereignty of national governments . 
  whether or not that 's desirable i do n't really have an opinion , that 's up to the european people . 
  but the only alternative is to dissolve the euro . 
  another alternative would i guess be to limp from crisis to crisis until the global economy picks up , which seems to be what the ecb is hoping for . 
  maybe europe will make it to the next economic uptick but the factors that caused the sovereign debt crisis will still be there . 
  i agree with you on your last point about the euro and easy credit for national governments . 
  why interest rates fell is beyond me since a sovereign debt crisis was a real possibility talked about at the time and the underlying ability of countries to pay back their debt ~ ~ did not change ~ ~ ( edit : oops , yes it did - it worsened !, 
  ) , but hey we 're talking about an economic crash that was partly brought on by banks doling out $ 500,000 loans to people with no proof of income so perhaps we really should pay attention to the fact the people will do stupid things when given the chance when we make financial law . 
  the euro did not cause the property bubble , its collapse , or the global depression , but it did cause and is still causing a sovereign debt crisis and is prolonging the depression in europe . 
  to quote myself from a couple weeks ago :  look , the current situation was pretty much inevitable when the eu set up the euro . 
  by giving up their own currencies they had central control over to the ecb the eurozone countries lost a wide swathe of monetary policy tools available to them . 
  as others have pointed out , the us can deficit spend at-will and do things like qe and capitalize financial institutions etc. 
  because the federal reserve , which is governed by a dual mandate from congress ( low inflation / low unemployment ) controls the us dollar . 
  when the us issues debt the federal reserve can always buy it . 
  when creditors of the us government want money there will always be dollars available to them . 
    in the eurozone this is n't true . 
  all the eurozone countries gave up control of their monetary policy to the ecb . 
  if spain wants to issue debt it does so in euros . 
  since spain ca n't print euros at-will , bondholders know they can only get paid back if the spanish government has a budget that can meet all its spending obligations as well as debt service payments . 
  so if spain is running a deficit and its economy is n't doing so hot , investors panic because they know if spain has to choose between default and mass rioting any spanish government would choose default .
