you should apply logic like neo-franquists are in bed with every major business in this fucking country ? 
  ggggggg, 
  * sold almost nowhere *, 
  enjoy the garrafon stomach beed, 
  uhhh mostly no . 
  just do n't be a dick and people wo n't punch you, 
  spain : go to bar , `` hefe , unah ca\u00f1ah '' jeez , you overcomplicate everything in the north . 
  on the other hand you need a college degree in phatmaceutics to open one, 
  if you have hangover look for the green cross !, 
  if it 's 3 a.m. and you need condoms look for the green cross !, 
  if you have an unbearable toothache and you need a unhealthy dose of codeine to sleep , look for the green cross !, 
  people only praise journalists when they swing by their bias , so i ca n't really believe any journalist is good, 
  journalism in a nutshell, 
  it 's public info, 
  it 's weird how conservative blogs love to abuse the `` failed state '' term, 
  thanks for the vote of confidence . 
  i wish gun laws in spain were like that , here only guns that can be used against security forces are banned ( like , we do n't give a fuck if civilians die but do n't go around shooting the franco 's cops ) , but anything else goes quite easily . 
  for example , hunting guns are trivial to get , concealable guns ( pistols ) are very limited and auto and parabellum or antipersonal ammo are completely forbidden . 
  bruh . 
  dont put me with skrubs, 
  well you could improve tourism so spain is not the sad brothel of europe, 
  i 'd rather be a terrorist that let that to happen, 
  that means that my video censored in germany for featuring a rush song will be uncensored ? 
  russia is becoming the usa of the urals, 
  poor borjamari , ran out of arguments . 
  go back to the golf club to cry . 
  hard to believe . 
  3/4 of the male population of spain was executed in 36 . 
  everyone born in the dictatorship was indoctrinated from a young age . 
  people do n't vote because they give half a fucking rat ass about the pp program ( which they do n't have ) but because conditioning and fear . 
  spain is not a democracy and people still live in cages in their head . 
  ( also , i might remind you borjamari , that rajoy won with a low vote turnout , that 's not democracy , thats a quick fudge ), 
  they govern against the people . 
  i ca n't express how horribly wrong you are . 
  franco made some sort of joke-paternalistic-charity involving the church with literal nuns as nurses . 
  when people will learn that 's podemos propaganda . 
  social security , workers rights and welfare system was created by psoe and destroyed by pp , podemos are just fucking crybabies repeating the same mantra that psoe is the same as pp to grab power and money for nothing . 
  podemos is the real same shit . 
  wrong . 
  we can only decide how to spend the money they give us and regulate details of general national laws . 
  well , you obviously know jack shit as the rest of the people responding this comment . 
  spain is very far from a federation , we have * some * competences delegated in the regions like healthcare and education regulation , but that 's much it . 
  madrid can still order important framework laws to be approved and cut the money to regions they do n't like . 
  what 's happening is that popular party of spain ca n't basically mishandle money anymore and budget is approved with more political forces participating , so everything is improving because regions can spend and create public employment again , thing that popular party stopped in the last 4 years . 
  we still need a gobernment to work , but not a pp one . 
  when popular party of spain ca n't make new laws of push their unilateral budget , everything improves, 
  it 's almost october and they are too quiet ... uh oh !, 
  looks like * nobody * is gon na take the steps, 
  \\ #justbosnianthings, 
  you mean the commonwealth , old chap ? 
  well , technically they are more ... 
  i would buy more newspapers if this was actually true, 
  in theory he had self-taught military training . 
  he trained with those guns ( apart from his cod `` training '' \\* snicker \\* ), 
  it makes sense . 
  you are young , unemployed , your life ammount to zero and you are just counting the days until you die of old age . 
  what 's the quickest way to fame ? 
  killing people . 
  that 's why we should pressure all media outlets to stfu, 
  in spain for example you can get a disabled ak-47 and then replace the drilled parts , a retired grampa was doing this and selling it to neonazis , peferred customers for this kind of operations, 
  same as anywhere else in europe , you have to go to the neighborhoods not even police go and talk to people, 
  jesus , even private magazine was cheaper . 
  wait no , it was about that price . 
  once you go cruzcampo & torreznos you do n't go back, 
  iberia confirmed, 
  we are very petty , ultra strong controls being part of the eu , imagine them being outsiders . 
  i can hear margallo planning a wall , trump style, 
  dear americans , thanks for your armchair punditry but we know how to handle our shit . 
  love , europe . 
  i have aaaaaall the ast\u00e9rix comics, 
  i do n't get irritated when called latino , south americans are * hispanics * , spanish and italians are latiniums, 
  is she retarded or something ? 
  no they do n't . 
  it was all cateto delusions, 
  the map is n't correct . 
  we see italians as some sort of tacky and insistent clones of rocco siffredi . 
  we have the roughly translated term of `` living-fucker '' for them and we give our condolences to any guy whose girlfriend go alone to italy, 
  myths from the 60s when spain opened to the world . 
  suddenly there was an influx of scandinavian tourists and women did topless , hence the myth they came to fuck latin lovers came to fruition . 
  whoever did this , not spanish . 
  spain is n't labeled as morons, 
  they were stopping a random car in italy , it 's a long reach, 
  it 's italy , they are used to potential members of any gang , armed and ready to shoot, 
  it 's basic : police in southern countries of europe never stop a car alone , one behind and one approach the driver . 
  if the driver does something weird he has backup . 
  this guy either did n't know or he wanted to die, 
  abortion is not legal in spain , technically . 
  you can abort only in the case of rape or a condition threatening the health of the person . 
  the trick is that mental distress and depression is a valid case for abortion and doctors are very understanding . 
  he realized no euromonies if fascism, 
  well , it 's true he did the breaking plate as a `` tradition '' because famous foreigners came to his place ( sean connery for example ) to imitate greek mediterranian customs , but nobody actually does it because it 's even dangerous . 
  what is traditional and you should ask it , is to cut the piglet with a plate , to show the piglet is correctly done, 
  it 's not hard to get the bulls tail after a bullfighting day , it makes an awesome dish . 
  i mean , since i do n't agree with bullfight , i do n't want the animal to go to waste . 
  venta magullo if you have a car and want top notch service . 
  maybe not the best cochinillo but if you ask fish , they do the finishing at the table . 
  it 's cool, 
  that 's a wide angle lens, 
  it 's the most famous place , but there 's way better places for that money . 
  try casa jose mar\u00eda or casa duque,
