  but as said , idealists are not capable of rational thought if the facts are at odds with their ideology . 
  oh so you just decided to ignore the political goal behind their actions completely . 
  they want to abolish compulsory military service altogether , and preferably retire finnish army completely . 
  these guys think it would actually be a good idea to go ahead and join russia straight away if that would prevent war . 
  meanwhile human rights situation in russia is still deplorable on many accounts , and you can bet that annexed finland will have no more say than now in russian internal politics concerning gay rights , corruption , condition of prisoners , and freedom of speech to name a few things . 
  they might be fighting a good cause and think they 're winning the battle , but their victory would mean that their cause would be lost . 
  til getting run over by russia does not cause any humanitarian crises . 
  i had a dream about this . 
  there was a river at the border , near pori i think , around there , maybe a little more to the north . . 
  exactly this . 
  having finland join nato would definitely pose some very uneasy questions towards putin 's authority within russia . 
  it 's an attempt to influence russian internal politics and i 'm all for it . 
  it 's one screw we have , do n't mind if we do tighten it a little bit and see if the machine next door starts working a little better . 
  funny , i 'm from finland ( hello ) and the last i heard we 're not closer to actually even applying to nato than we were in -91 / -92 . 
  ... and if we 're afraid of putin , then we 're mostly just concerned that our energy import prices would go up and that fennovoima nuclear power plant deal with russia would n't stick . 
  not literally , i believe this is an expression of an opinion which has some traction in the left . 
  russia did n't manage to fight off finns during operation barbarossa either even if it was summer . 
  then again they were mainly preoccupied with ze nazis . 
  but as far as that went , mannerheim camped finnish troops 30 clicks from leningrad for 2,5 years between 1941-44 . 
  and then the nazis bungled up their invasion . 
  bummer . 
  no , finland is not getting ready for war with russia . 
  finland is ready for war , and has been ready for over 60 years . 
  not with russia per se , but it 's just a tiny bit more likely that the enemy comes from east rather than west . 
  the level of preparedness has not been decreased or increased in any significant manner . 
  sending letters to 900 , 000 reserve soldiers is just a reminder after the fact . 
  well goshdarnit , i still want to know if i 'm allowed to get on a pointless suicide mission or something even if i 'm not in the reserves . 
  disappointed !, 
  yeah , could be the point on giving municipal governments/councils the jurisdiction on whether municipalities are bilingual or not ? 
  i 've no idea what they actually mean by `` letting municipalities decide for themselves if they 're bilingual or not '' . 
  there 's probably a whole lot of differences with center party and the finns . 
  probably one crucial factor is with which parties the finns would like to enter the government with . 
  according to sipil\u00e4 , the finns are furthest apart from the center party 's views , so this requires extra work because of the election results them being the two largest parties . 
  special effort in negotiating with the finns means that the negotiations so far have not gone remarkably well . 
  it 's more of a message to the finns than anything that unless they are capable of making a lot of compromises on their election promises , they will have difficulties getting seats in the government . 
  like so :  `` it 's difficult to go around the finns from the right or the left , and sipila must see this ... 
  the finns hold many aces up their sleeve and they have taken a surprisingly hard line in the talks . '', 
  sipil\u00e4 's main concern is forming a functioning majority coalition in the government , it becomes a little too complicated if the finns paint themselves into a corner by obstinately sticking to all of their key points on their election promises . 
  exactly this . 
  which also is one of the reasons why it is not that rational at all to be afraid of russia launching an invasion towards western europe . 
  they ca n't afford it . 
  well of course it could be possible that industries in finland are running a charity operation for russia in terms of buying gas from them instead of doing business per market regulations , but somehow i 'm a little doubtful about that . 
  as cheap or cheaper ? 
  more efficient ? 
  main concern at this point is n't about gas and oil running out , but the effects on the economy if there should be a disruption . 
  if importing from russia is not necessary , then other means of procuring cheap energy should definitely be preferred . 
   russia is our largest import source because of oil and gas , nothing else . 
  unless dependency on fossil fuels is reduced by a wide margin , russia can destabilize finland 's economy pretty much terminally if energy imports from there is shut down . 
  edit : what i mean is that the current economic situation in finland has quite a bit to do with the trade with russia petering down . 
  russia shutting down gas pipes would most likely mean a catastrophic trade war , from which finland would have extremely difficult to recover to today 's level . 
  about 70 % of natural gas comes from russia . 
  you might want to check whether there 's viable pipelines to import natural gas from anywhere else than russia . 
  if russia stops selling , finland has about a year to build a pipeline from somewhere else . 
  transporting natural gas into finland by other means would mean exorbitant energy prices , and would collapse finland 's economy completely . 
  it could be a good move to reduce the dependency on fossil fuels . 
  the nuclear co-operation with russia is also quite problematic . 
  o yea , definitely . 
  a coalition of the bourheoisie , land owners , clergy and old money ? 
  they 'll get things done like it was 1918 again . 
  the crux with greens being in this government with the center however is the upcoming vote on nuclear power plant permit . 
  on energy policy greens and center hardly see eye to eye . 
  i do n't see the new government suddenly backpedaling and opposing the consensus policies on nuclear power . 
  this would mean that unless greens make a 180 turn on their stance on nuclear , they 're out of the government almost immediately in june . 
  this makes it much likely that if either greens or left alliance will be in the government , it 's the latter . 
  that would mean that center would almost have to form the government with either ncp or sdp , but ncp and left alliance currently could n't be much further away from each other . 
  it seems that both of the larger minor parties , the greens and the left alliance are almost deliberately playing themselves into opposition . 
  although , the greens and the center are traditionally diametrically opposed on issues important for their core supporters . 
  for the center the land owners rights trump environmental regulation and support for renewable energy production , and the greens want it the other way around . 
  sdp and the greens are n't completely strange bedfellows , but again sdp 's main concern might be more about supporting heavy industries because of the jobs they provide than regulating local manufacturing . 
  the center has come a little closer towards a more sustainable environmental views in the recent years , which is good because keeping the environment clean is something that does benefit land owners , just as long as any regulation does n't entail extra costs that is . 
  as far as a government coalition , center/greens/sfp ( rkp ) could work , you could also slap the left alliance in there to ensure a decent majority , but the major problem still is that having both ncp and finns in the opposition would be a sonovabitch . 
  i 'm not saying it would n't be grim up there in oulu , but mainly this article goes to show once again that if you want an optimistic account on anything - do n't ask us finns . 
  i 'm not saying that we finns would be overly pessimistic , at least if you ask any finn about this . 
  we 're just ... * realistic * : `` everything 's just the same shit all over again '' / `` samaa paskaa kaikki taas '' . 
  for some reason [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq-gbj5lsic ) came into my mind . 
  incidentally ... i do believe they 're dressed up as russian sailors in this for some reason ... 
  pls not right now , maybe later, 
  aircraft carriers ? 
  rail guns ? 
  it is veri finnish m\u00e4n to fiil laik a moose everi n\u00e4u \u00e4nt ten . 
  on \u00f6 louneli forest roat , ven juu aar krossing , teer vill pee \u00f6 kaar koming rait \u00e4t juu . 
  h\u00f6h h\u00f6h . 
  i think they implemented us style capitalism pretty efficiently in russia in the 90 's . 
  now they have their own robber barons , is n't that nice ? 
  it 's mostly swedes that moved to minnesota . 
  ... and it 's probably the most extroverted swedes for that matter , then ones that stayed in sweden were probably way more introverted . 
  now the finns mainly moved to michigan . 
  see the difference ? 
  i think the new version is called asocial +, 
  well , also finnish , so self-deprecation 's to be expected ... you 're right about the self-commiseration , there 's no excuse for a self-pity party , ever . 
  a mob of finnish girls gathering to get me does n't sound too bad , actually ... :d, 
  we 're not anti-social . 
  we just like truth very much , we like to be truthful . 
  the truth is that people are awful . 
  except maybe swedes and danes , i do n't know a single awful swede or a dane . 
  then again i do n't know any danes . 
  body type . 
  stereotype of a swedish girl is a little taller , has a little longer legs , a little bigger breasts , moderately slimmer waist , slightly wider hips . 
  for an untrained eye the differences might not be that significant , but they add up . 
  it 's the law of the averages or something of the like .
