  you already do , military service pushes the male university admission by six months to a year and if already admitted delays the graduation by six months up to a year . 
  some men find this problematic , clear majority accepts this on face value . 
   could we double the amount of money i get on maternity leave ? 
  i mean , it 's so-so now , but if i got double the money , that might make me more inclined to have kids . 
  sure men will have to pay for it in their taxes ... 
  both men and women would have to pay for it in their taxes . 
  increasing parental leave benefits would likely work removing some of the financial strain that comes from raising children . 
   can we pass a law that all women will get preferential treatment in job applications if they still have n't had their first child ? 
  passing a law is not necessary as women under 30 already do get preferential treatment when applying for a job , depending heavily on the job however . 
  nearing the average child-bearing age however , men over 30 with children are usually preferred . 
   kids are more important to society than equality when it comes to the benefit of the nation , children are more important than equality . 
  without children there will be no society . 
  without children it does not matter one way or another how equal we would make the current status quo , because it could only be maintained for less than a generation . 
   men are expendable it should be understood that expendable in this context does not mean unnecessary , disposable , trivial , non-essential or without purpose . 
  it 's all about preferences , men are * more * expendable than women . 
  on average 40 % of men never reproduce for one reason or another , whereas with women this is 20 % . 
  still , people belonging to this category can perform essential functions for the benefit of other people and the society . 
   after all , even with all these incentives it 's still my call to have my kid at whatever point i choose . 
  exactly . 
  any impositions and restrictions for women to have children have been removed as far as possible . 
  requiring compulsory service for women would impose a restriction . 
   so , screw equality . 
  it 's hardly an either/or situation . 
  it takes an idealist to not be able to compromise between equality and maintaining a stable society . 
  yet it is just that , a compromise , a balancing act . 
  equality over anything else is completely worthless if it brings on a situation where the society and the human rights it upholds and maintains will cease to exist . 
  you 're misconstruing my point . 
  if the choice is between doing a compulsory service which ties down resources for the better part of the year , enough women will opt for getting the compulsory service out of the way beforehand . 
  as government sees it , this is not preferable . 
  as for controlling female reproductive system or social engineering , the government proceeds to do this to the extent they can the least intrusive way as possible . 
  making women participate in a compulsory service for the government is actually * more * intrusive control over women 's reproductive system than the current situation , and one which would not even benefit the state . 
  leaving high school 's the prime time for women who are n't planning to go to uni . 
  and with pregnancies , even then every year counts . 
  starting university 1-2 years later will push the first pregnancy 1-2 years later , there is a statistically relevant difference for healthy normal pregnancies each year after 30 . 
  you do n't have to dig up statistics , i can do that as well . 
  current age of having the 1st child is 28,5 years . 
  the average age for all pregnancies is 30,3 . 
  if there 's any chance of pushing the average age of having children even by a year , the government would rather not risk it . 
  maintaining as healthy population development as possible is n't just a war and post-war requirement . 
  government sees women of the ages between 18 and 30 in their prime for bearing kids . 
  it 's calculated that having them in civilian service for a year will make it less likely for them to get pregnant during that time . 
  on the other hand , having the boyfriend / husband to go to play war during the week for 6 months however will mean in plenty enough cases that during the week-end the couple is fucking like rabbits . 
  increased odds for pregnancies . 
  1865 treaty of paris , \u00c5land islands is a demilitarized zone . 
  it 's about the control of baltic sea . 
  if anyone has military control over \u00c5land , they basically have all control over the baltic sea . 
  it is truly a lofty perch where you can look at national defense in front of an overwhelming enemy from the point of gender equality . 
  the situation is akin to an armed robber coming to rape and kill a family and you would rather flip a coin whether the husband or the wife goes to try to subdue the assailant . 
  or perhaps you 'd rather they both go , twice the merrier . 
  let 's take the kids along as well , because biological differences make it impossible to achieve true equality between people it does n't mean they should n't try . 
  with population numbers higher than that of finland this is more pertinent . 
  necessity dictates a lot of what is and what is n't done in the finnish army . 
  one of the main reasons women in finland do n't even have an equivalent of civilian service is that it would not encourage them to get pregnant . 
  and yea , finnish government really does want as many women to carry healthy babies as possible . 
  it does n't necessarily show , but it 's one of the governments main priorities . 
  i think the rational behind why half the pop goes `` unused '' is 1 ) to maintain logistics structures without hindering combat capabilities 2 ) to maintain healthcare and `` home front '' support 3 ) to maintain as healthy population development as possible in order to have troops to fight another war in the next generation, 
  that 's the point . 
  one of them at least . 
  of course those who want to see women on active duty in the battlefield can always start pushing the policy of implementing steroids for women as part of military duty . 
  and while we 're at it , let 's magically increase finland 's population sixfold so it does n't matter that much if the population is short by quarter mil in one generation . 
  no , the army of finland will do exactly what it 's supposed to . 
  kill and disable a lot of the enemies . 
  that is all . 
  victory is of no consequence . 
  edit : typos, 
  the last bit comes from one of these guys actually stating that with a straight face . 
  sordidly moist . 
  sure , make women undergo physical training so that all of their upper body strength and overall stamina on average is equal to that of all of the men 's upper body strength and overall stamina on average . 
  it can be done . 
  also , as it stands it would n't be completely necessary in warfare that does not rely heavily on asymmetric warfare and terrain advantage . 
  which is ni the case of finland . 
  but even then there are plenty of roles for which women would be perfectly capable . 
  and the nature of modern warfare is that it 's not even necessarily the combatants who suffer the heaviest casualties . 
  so with a population of around 5 million , making females as combatants would n't necessarily mean that finland should automatically consider the next generation to lose around 250 000 people on average because the women to give birth to them would have been killed on the battlefield . 
  same with finland , it 's all about geography . 
  we 're one of the dankest places in europe , any invader will be literally bogged down . 
  exactly this . 
  it 's just as much about racking the bill as it is about piling any bodies . 
  all women willing and capable of killing at least 5-10 invaders should most definitely not be exempt from military service . 
  basically guerilla warfare more or less . 
  around that ballpark . 
  kind of a bummer we had to give up anti-personnel mines , but what the hey . 
  we would n't keep any invader back for a day . 
  keeping the enemy back is n't part of finnish military doctrine . 
  disabling the operations of an invading army within finland is . 
  and exactly , they have no reason to attack us and one of the best reasons is that it would be far too costly for them . 
   with comments like that it 's obvious you do n't even want any rational discussion . 
  well if you 're not an idealist then we do n't have a problem . 
  the weight on my comment lies in that fundamentalists are idealists of the worst kind and it should be no secret to anyone that the mind of a fundamentalist can more often than not be far removed from reality altogether . 
  nihilism is understandable . 
  should russia invade there will be nothing but a whole lot of death . 
  if smaller , but equally or more efficient paid army can rack up the body count of the invaders enough , then i 'm all for it . 
  if it 's equally apparent that an invasion of finland will then also be too costly of an endeavor , then it 's all good . 
  russia annexing finland will mean that things will start to suck heavily in finland . 
  making it easy as pie for russia to annex finland by abolishing finnish military will mean that things . 
  will . 
  suck . 
  finland . 
  badly . 
  so no , abolishing the finnish defence forces will most definitely not be an improvement .
