  also , before last year the nationalities of the perpetrators were underreported , this was corrected . 
  so it 's not as clear-cut as it might seem , even if the crimes perpetrated by foreigners have undoubtedly gone up to a degree . 
  well i 'm just betting that your cheese does n't squeak . 
  you were buying estonian cheese ? 
  why ? 
  yeah , i 'd be really strict about making any conclusions based on language alone , maybe if you 're representative of an umpteenth generation of swedish speakers from n\u00e4rpes or possibly pargas there 's a fair chance that your ancestors are actually swedish . 
  to some degree , yes , the population especially in sw finland and the coast has some swedish ancestry . 
  rule of thumb being that if someone comes from a swedish-speaking family line , they 're pretty likely to have their family origins in sweden . 
  the main swedish population influx started well after 11th century can be derived from the fact that northern swedish population is genetically closer to sw finns , than finns living right across the border in ostrobothnia . 
  it 's kind of like ... in the viking sagas * j\u00f6tunheimr is separated from asgard by the river ifing * . 
  and when thor , thj\u00e1lfi and loki visit \u00datgar\u00f0a-loki in j\u00f6tunheim , and loki loses in eating contest against the fire giant logi , son of the king of finland , kvenland and gotland ... 
  so even if the eddas and the sagas are kind of patchy when it comes to finland , they all kind of point to the direction that finns ( or kvens ) are definitely these * other * people . 
  but yes , but after sweden 's christianization sw finland and coast did have swedish immigrants . 
  but the further you go from the coast , the less common heritage there is with swedes and finns , and even with finns and other finns . 
  so it still would be exaggerating to some degree to say that ( all ) finns would have swedish heritage . 
  and the funny thing is that very few if any of these soldiers of odin are even fennoswedes , so they might even have less common heritage with viking descendants than the swedish speaking population of western finland . 
  nope . 
  never was . 
  by the time swedes came here in any significant numbers they were already christian . 
  before that there probably were raids and trade back and forth across the gulf of bothnia , but nothing too remarkable . 
  finns had their own pagan stuff going on well until the 16th and 17th century , and more or less beyond that , well beyond after christianization . 
  there were still few accounts/accusations of witchcraft in the early 19th century . 
  finland can arguably be said to have been one of the very last pagan countries in europe , with our very own deities/spirits/guardians and these guys just take a massive dump on that with going by the name of odin . 
  tsk tsk . 
  uh , no . 
  no viking settlers in finland . 
  at least not in mainland finland . 
  \u00c5land and the archipelago might be another thing . 
  you guys were n't viking ( s ) anymore when sw finland was taken over by your kingdom . 
  there 's none , or next to none archaeological evidence of vikings ever settling mainland finland . 
  and extremely few sagas have any mention of raids to finland . 
  basically around 4 or maybe 5 . 
  there 's 1 account of a successful raid of probably finns , one failing because of finns chasing the raiders and summoning storms with their magic , one possible raid failing because the menfolk were nowhere to be found and the women bid the raiders welcome while having poisoned up the well ... and there 's 1 mention of ragnar lothbrok 's father being too busy with finns raiding sweden so he could n't attend at another wedding or a raid or something . 
  there is a decent number of viking swords found from finland , but no viking settlements , so whetever the reason for those might be the chances are the swords were here because of trading or failed raids on the part of vikings , or successful raids to sweden on the part of finns . 
  a lot of us finns can almost understand norwegian too !, 
   but danish is just mostly incomprehensible gibberish . 
  a fuckton of homosexuals actually , all oiled up and ready to bugger all male * immigrants right when they step through the customs . 
  also , finnish cocks are massive . 
  it 's buggering time . 
  never been prouder about tom of finland . 
  i do n't , but i 'm still laughing through my tears . 
  see that 's where you 're completely off and missing the mark by a long shot . 
  his speech does n't have a word in it about protecting ` culture ' . 
  this is about an european wide problem , concerning specifically the treaties of the european union , more specifically the schengen treaty and the values behind forming those treaties . 
  the schengen agreement of 1985 portrays one of the most fundamental aspects of european union which is free movement of individuals between eu nation states . 
  the current migration to eu has put this to the test more than anything else , and now individual member states have been starting to question this fundamental concept and even rolling down on the schengen treaty to some extent . 
  that 's the core of the dilemma : idea of free mobility vs. the reality of mass migration . 
  the other aspect of the dilemma is that of safeguarding the values behind treaties such as the geneva convention , helping those in dire need of assistance and the reality of the fact that stretching limited resources too thin in an effort to help each and every one might result in helping no-one at all except people such as human traffickers who line their pockets with the misery of others . 
  you would be right if , and only if the speech would have been about safeguarding european culture ( which would in itself be a complete non-concept because there is no cohesive , all encompassingeuropean culture ) . 
  but the speech was about common shared european values , as presented and agreed upon in the treaties of european union . 
  the threat to those values does not come from immigrants , because they do not have the voting power to change those values , the greatest threat to the common shared values comes from the governments and politicians of individual member states that have started to question whether eu is such a good deal for them if it means that they have to participate in helping those in need more than they would prefer , or agree upon if those treaties were formulated today if parties such as ukip of the united kingdom , or front national of france would be at the table drafting the treaties in question . 
  so yea , in short : one word does make all the difference . 
  the speech is a bureaucrat lawyer speaking about eu legislation . 
  dry as bones . 
  boils down to two points : help those in need , and member states should stick to the international agreements . 
  rolling back on either is not a good option for anyone , but also running around trying to help everyone will basically find you just running around and helping no-one . 
  as centrist as it gets , far cry from texas republican convention . 
  ok , wow , you 're reading niinist\u00f6 's speech way differently than the whole adult population of finland if you 're seeing it as flagrant racism . 
  you would n't mind pointing out if there are some parts in the speech in particular which makes it racist ? 
  which parts exactly ? 
  o yea , trump is just this guy with actually too much personality . 
  way too much personality , he 's like a character from a 90 's finnish sketch show with a seriously bad complexion , deliberately botched make-up and an atrocious wig . 
  ... but yeah , probably would cause a riot in dc if your president gave a similar speech , our fringe groups ca n't really evolve or gain momentum into anything that could cause any significant rioting . 
  not even when hell freezes over . 
  trump has his unique style of rhetoric which is very ill suited for finnish politics . 
  we finns usually prefer our politicians to appear more like they 're under heavy sedation , autistic , or lobotomized , and the prez has to be like the most reasonable , cozy and friendly architect/engineer you 've ever met . 
  not going to happen . 
  not publicly at least . 
  calling the prez a nazi or a bigot in finland publicly basically means you lose all credibility instantly on all public discourse from here to eternity except maybe in some yahoo fringe group echo chambers . 
  only way to call the prez a nazi or a bigot in finland without losing face is if it would ever be true , and that 's not going to happen because it is extremely rare anyone else except the most reasonable , level-headed and centrist experienced diplomat will be elected for the position . 
  looking at it from historical perspective , it kind of is groundbreaking when a finnish politician says something that echoes anything that 's being said in eastern europe . 
  finnish politicians kind of like to avoid associating themselves with anything eastern european as much as they can , well ... since the 90 's at least , more or less and unless they 're leftists and as much as realistically possible ... 
  well , at least in nordic countries we 're usually pretty pc as fuck , so before this anyone even suggesting that there might be some problems with the current immigration policies gets accused of being racist , like [ teemu sel\u00e4nne ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/fridays_papers_jurase_park_selanne_controversy_and_nhlers_swerve_service/8633306 ) for instance . 
  which tends to shut a lot of people up . 
  now that the prez went and said there 's a problem , it 's way more ok and pc to say that there 's some problems with the current immigration policies . 
  oh come off , kekkonen [ ( kekkonen , kekkonen , kekkonen ) * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjt-aejkzf0 ) did plenty of sane things . 
  skied , fished , and most importantly - went to sauna . 
  oh you , 
  officially in finnish estonia is viro , in colloquial finnish it can also be eesti , like in this at the time quite popular [ juice leskinen song - eesti ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cgkjtnu4lq ), 
  yeah , that actually comes from finnish pronunciation rules of written language being originally derived to some extent from latin . 
  finnish pronunciation of latin is really quite close to what it 's kind of maybe supposed to be . 
  ( as an oddity we even have latin news [ nuuntii latini ] ( http://areena.yle.fi/1-3187364?autoplay=true ) at yle radio , our bbc equivalent ) also we have a ton of * sivistyssanoja * ( civilized words ) in everyday language that are directly derived from latin . 
  feels nice in the mouth too . 
  yup , you 're from takahiki\u00e4 alright . 
  i can see it from your chromosomal defects and low iq resulting from heavy inbreeding . 
  which makes the problem into `` how to incentivize highest performing females into taking military careers ? '', 
  or in the case of conscription `` how to incentivize the female population and preferably one third to half of male population into voting conscription to include women or at least highest performing women ? '', 
  and if conscription would include only highest performing women , the problem becomes `` how to incentivize women to maintain high levels of physical fitness with the prospect of taking part in military training ? '', 
  as one of the current major problems for finnish defence forces is how to encourage young men to be fit enough for duty , this would extend to the female populace . 
  maintaining physical fitness would n't be the only problem on the level of the nation , the considerations would have to be a balancing act between encouraging women of good health to bear children , encouraging them to be an active part of military defense , and be an active part of the workforce . 
  tl ; dr : shit 's complicated , man . 
  [ jesus , take the wheel . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lydbpm2krau ), 
  hotel finland . 
  you 're always welcome to stay , the only price is that it will suck your soul . 
  the capital is helsinki , named after the viking land of the dead - hel . 
  both dreary and cold where the mummified remains of those forgotten by the world populate the houses . 
  enjoy your stay with servings of pints of gravel and adders in our finest establishments . 
  do n't be afraid , coming to finland will most likely not kill you , because it means that most likely you 're already dead . 
  on the inside .
