ha , i thought the ` murican thing to do here was carpet bombing the whole forest at least back to paleocene . 
  nope , we finns and them hungarians do n't understand each other * at all * . 
  estonian we finns can understand to a small degree . 
  you ca n't accidentally get lost from finland to russia , russian side stinks too much . 
  on that there 's at least two scenarios . 
  which one is worse as a political cock-up ? 
  finland is a part of nato and as a part of nato operations there is an incursion at the border from here to russia . 
  or finland is n't part of nato , but there is an incursion at the border by nato operatives , through finland into russia . 
  yes , of course , glad you 're pointing it out that russia welcomes all hostile operatives on their territory with open arms . 
  my bad . 
  not to mention that as far as russia is concerned , we 've never been neutral towards them . 
  compared to the soviet block countries which u.s.s.r. could walk over anytime they wanted to , we were treated much , much easier and with good reason . 
  it 's not just because the finnish appeasement policies towards the soviets , czechoslovakia in 1968 pretty much pointed out that u.s.s.r. took what it wanted . 
  price for having a major military conflict with finland would have been too high then as it is too high now . 
  reasons why russia does n't want finland as a nato member : 800 miles of border of which the total majority is basically open wilderness to a nato country means that any operative to the western military union could basically just walk across to russia if and when they feel like it . 
  also because of the terrain on the karelian isthmus means it 's one fucker of a border for military operations on at its most critical point . 
  if finland was a member of nato as estonia already is , it would mean that the ocean route to and from st. petersburg is can be effectively blocked at any time and with nothing more special than artillery . 
  reasons why russians come shoping here and why a lot of us finns do n't care for nato membership : cheaper prices ? 
  i do n't know about that , i 'd say it 's more about the quality of the products . 
  russian products , complete rubbish , too much corruption for good quality control , their methanol vodka makes you blind . 
  might be that you ca n't get similar quality products from russia as cheap as they are in here . 
  like it says in the article , russians come shopping here , good for business . 
  we offer products they otherwise ca n't get . 
  unless they 're oligarchs , that is . 
  shopping in here is good for regular russians . 
  been so since the soviet union , it 's a tradition . 
  brings us your money , we do n't mind bleeding the russians dry . 
  there 's plenty of more of them where they came from . 
  i do n't think that in the general population there was that much of a worry about what soviet union might or might not do . 
  for a lot of guys at least it would have been a welcome opportunity to get to shoot some russians again , the farther you are from the border at least . 
  if guys in here do n't get it from their mothers milk , they learn it in the army ( i think about 65 % -70 % of the male population goes through military training ) and the enemy we train against is russia . 
  no one else . 
  currently it 's about 230 000 soldiers , trained to fight with guerilla tactics and especially against russia . 
  it 's not that we 'd be a major military threat or anything , but ... it 's just that having us on its side would make nato that 230 000 men stronger against russia and for russians that 's not really something they 'd enjoy very much i should think . 
  edit : added things that might explain the whole thing a little more ... 
  we finns do n't pollute our rivers and lakes as much as the russians do . 
  better fish that way , much healthier . 
  i 'm sure that casper the unfriendly ghost there has a few beers every single time before he gets out of his bachelor pad . 
  wearing white is still a special occasion . 
  full of crackers at least . 
  i do n't think they understand irony at all , and it 's got nothing to do with listening to alanis morrisette . 
  no i meant `` how come there are hardly any immigrants commenting on this page if it 's supposedly made by immigrants or descendants of immigrants ? '', 
  as suggested on a couple of the other suberddits this link has been flooded . 
  i just find it quite strange . 
  could someone please explain why the fudging fudge are most of the comments on this instagram are by people who are not immigrants or descendants of immigrants ? 
  it 's like having a page against domestic abuse and all the commenters would be convicted spouse abusers . . 
  not a violent conflict , but in the 1950 's and 60 's the loss of jobs in agriculture brought around half a million finns into dire economic situation , around 300 000 finns moved to sweden as `` economic refugees '' looking for better job prospects . 
  it might be that more people moved out of finland then than after ww2 or during civil war of 1918 . 
  learn your history better m8 : [ lapland war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lapland_war ) , [ battle of tornio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_tornio ) finland fought * and * cooperated with * both * nazis and soviet russia , and kicked plenty enough ass against both . 
  how do you like them beans ? 
  ... the last time nazi flag was raised in northern finland was probably the time the actual nazis burned that town down like all the other towns in lapland . 
  so , um , nice work whoever it was who did this , real nice work . 
  no no , they will * nuke * the hell out of their neighboring countries tomorrow , and the only way to prevent that is to join nato asap , right now . 
  finland has realistically defended itself from russian aggression during the cold war . 
  it 's called diplomacy , or * ` finlandization ' * if you want . 
  otherwise , finland has just about as realistic probabilities of fighting any aggressors as afganistan , or vietnam against u.s. 
  the only thing that is certain that there will be a lot of dead bodies . 
  victory on a scorecard is inconsequential . 
  i 'm having nachos with habanero salsa and my hangover has stopped caring about anything you might say at this point . 
  holy karl urban on a motorcycle , next thing you know you 'll be defining ` city ' to include only places that stretch from boston to washington dc and have a population of around 800 million . 
  if it 's not a mega city , it 's not a city . 
  and idealists can never escape their solipsism . 
  yes , never mind the millions of slaughtered on the way to progress . 
  true , all bets are of if russia would ever extend military operations to countries that were n't even part of the soviet bloc . 
  truly , the world in 1920 's was also full of optimism . 
  we do n't have to wait thirty years , there are enough countries in europe with more immigration and diversity . 
  this has not helped their societies to develop more equal , quite the contrary . 
  restrictive oppressive conservative policies have been gaining traction for decades in countries with more lax immigration policies than finland . 
  nobody is speaking about spiraling , finnish population is already in an unsustainable decline . 
  if you follow current day politics , this is the reason for the budget cuts under consideration or an in increase in work-hours . 
   removing a few incentives that are biased towards women and reforming our system towards greater equality seems a completely tennable and sustainable goal . 
  only if you 're an ideologist who can not think decades ahead . 
   why on earth would most of the immigrants need to come from russia ? 
  and why on earth does the increase need to be rapid ? 
  they do n't need to come from russia . 
  keeping a steady population , or increasing population at this point would suggest that the level of immigration might very well be too rapid . 
   in no way will stopping child bearing incentives to women suddenly collapse our population . 
  speaking of population collapse is a hyperbole . 
  declining population is a problem on many levels . 
  stopping child bearing incentives would also be a political suicide . 
   so how about we actually abide by the human rights we 've committed to in international treaties right now how about we make sure that we can actually follow the international treaties to the extent that it is possible and not make the situation unsustainable . 
   how about retaining our commitment to human rights and opening our borders in order to create a stable population ? 
  retaining commitment to human rights will not be possible in a situation where national defense is compromised . 
  sustainable level of immigration is possible , and that level can be increased from the current to some extent . 
  however , a situation in which more than 10 % of the population would consists of russian nationals for instance would create an increasing number of difficulties with russia . 
  similarly , increasing the population to a large extent too rapidly by means of immigration will cause civil unrest , even if russia would not consider unrest in finland as their concern the society would rapidly deteriorate into a situation in which human rights could no longer be maintained because of the strain on infrastructure . 
  by no means this should be understood as me saying that immigrants would be the cause of the unrest , or even the strain on the society . 
  but increasing the number of immigrants rapidly will lead to a situation where police will be given more rights and oversight , right-wing political parties and national socialists will gain more votes , and fascism will gain more political support . 
  exactly as has happened and is happening right now . 
  nope . 
  realpolitik . 
  compulsory military service in finland has been in effect since 1918 , right after finland 's independence and civil war . 
  taking away liberties always creates more disgruntlement in the society than granting them , and making women do a compulsory service or making pregnancies compulsory would most definitely be seen as an imposed restrictions . 
  maintaining compulsory military service for men is just status quo . 
  ca n't make it mandatory anymore and nobody wants that . 
  but what can be done is remove all possible obstacles from women having babies any time they want . 
  compulsory service would restrict this to a degree , it 's debatable how much it would affect , but it will have an impact that smaller nations with small populations really ca n't afford . 
   are you imposing some restriction on getting pregnant ? 
  a compulsory service would impose the restriction . 
   can i please get preferential treatment in application for university before all the male applicants ?
