  this is what ignorance and orientalist look with a superiority complex does to you : you create a turkish archetype in your mind and start arguing with every turk within these bounds . 
  this is the definition of racism . 
  go read about turkish political history if you want to talk about it . 
  20something upvotes in this sub does n't mean you 're right , it just means you 're good at insulting the flavor of the months which is turks . 
  next month it can be brits russians indians murricans etc. 
  nothing that special . 
  this is a / r/worldnews level comment right here . 
  you know nothing about turkish political history , which is ok but spreading misinformation based on that ignorance is not . 
  first of all cup and young turks ' histories are much more complicated than that . 
  it was the turanist wing of the party thats responsible for massacres and they gained power with an inner party coup . 
  the party itself was well in line woth minorities with 14 armenian mp 's . 
  chp had nothing to do with the pogroms , they were n't in charge so that one is just plain false . 
  also dp is definitely not secular , their leader was hanged because he started shouting stuff like `` the people will bring back sharia rule again . 
  they are accepted by akp as their predecessors . 
  that makes it third blatantly wrong point among three points you tried to make about turkish political history . 
  the fourth one is also about a complicated issue you do n't understand . 
  turkish operation in cyprus was justified , whole international community was with us . 
  dividing the island and founding trnc was the problem , not the initial operation . 
  if you want to be pissed about cyprus start with your own country and how they fucked up their guarantee by just watching the coup and doing nothing . 
  and of course ignorance leads to hate , and yours lead to racism trying to `` define '' ( insult ) the whole nation with your complete lack of knowledge about anything . 
  this comment , with every detail , should be saved and posted in this sub regularly as a warning about what trying to talk about things you have no idea about will lead to . 
  turkey : best : pretty simple , it 's food . 
  our cuisine is quite awesome . 
  worst : rising islamism and erdo\u011fan 's dictatorship . 
  hidden gem : craft beers . 
  commercial beers are really shitty and expensive in turkey , which led young people to improvise and start producing their own beer . 
  some of those guys got production licences and started mass production like bosphorus , pera , gara guzu and taps . 
  hidden tourism spot : northern aegean coast . 
  the southern part is too crowded and expensive . 
  also cappadoccia and pamukkale are awesome . 
  news is different . 
  it 's supposed to keep you up to date with the world and your country , journalism as a profession has the strictest interpretation of objectivism . 
  yeah people break it all the time but everyone knows it 's not ideal and try to change the framework even when they are being subjective . 
  even most obvious propaganda outlets claim objectivity . 
  religion is always subjective as its nature though . 
  there are hundreds of interpretations . 
  some are pretty benign , some involve exploding yourself in public spaces . 
  as i said the state being involved in this is far from ideal , but it does work . 
  in turkey they do n't . 
  nobody does . 
  the argument is about laiklik ( laicite in turkish ) . 
  only a few liberals use secularism as a concept . 
  non-islamists want full french laicite , islamists want sharia . 
  there is no way in between really . 
  turkey tried to soften the laicite laws to give way to a more secular interpretation , islamists just took advantage of it to strenghten their sects instead of compromising . 
  democratic compromises do n't work with islamists . 
  this is anglo saxon secularism , separation of church ( organized religion ) and state . 
  french laicite is based on not allowing religion in any shape or form to influence public life and only allow religon as a private matter . 
  turkish laicite laws were modelled after french revolution laws so they are radical . 
  american secularism can work if radical religious organizations are n't a threat ( it does n't exactly work even in the us though the way churches are involved in the political scene ) but in a middle eastern country you go all the way or you lose it all to islamists basically . 
  it is the only way to fight against islamism which was always a serious threat in turkey , even in the first years of the republic . 
  that 's why islamists hate it so much . 
  they do n't know shit about laicite , they think it 's anglo-saxon secularism when in fact atat\u00fcrk wrote `` laiklik '' in the constitution after the french concept ( secularism and laicite have separate turkish translations , that was a concious choice ) . 
  turkish constitution is in line with french laicite , not anglo-saxon secularism . 
  it is the greatest roadblock against akp 's islamism that 's why relgious nutjobs hate it that much . 
  it is n't secularism . 
  it 's laicite . 
  secularism : separation of church ( organized religion ) and state . 
  laicite : allowing religion only as a personal belief , keeping it out of public life . 
  turkey practices laicite , not secularism as it is written on the unchangeble first lines of the constitution . 
  that 's why the original atat\u00fcrk 's diyanet was not secular but indeed in line with laicite , as it was used to keep religion out of public life . 
  it is your religion that goes against public life , not the other way around . 
  as long is it does n't disturb the public order anyone can practice thier religion privately . 
  if anyone disturbs the public order , `` but it 's my religions orders '' wo n't be accepted as an excuse basically . 
  nobody gets special treatment . 
  us is a secular country and churches get specials treatment in taxes for example . 
  yeah again oppressed muslims . 
  spare me the bs islamists on some form have been in charge in turkey since 51 dp , akp just put the last nail in the coffin . 
  if there were a radical religious threat to netherlands they would be much more radical than atat\u00fcrk was about it ( there is an islamist threat now and they are getting radical fast btw ) 23 revolution was much more kind to religious nutjobs than other revolutions of its kind like the french , german or russian revolution . 
  in fact if atat\u00fcrk trusted islamists less and been harder on them we would n't be having most of the troubles we do now . 
  you and me both but if there are imams in your country and you ca n't do anything about it you might as well use influence on them to keep the radicalism out . 
  it 's far from ideal but it 's pretty pragmatic . 
  atat\u00fcrk 's diyanet ( pre akp ) kept radical interpreteations of islam like salafism out of turkey for decades . 
  also allowing a foreign government influence public life like that is n't what a sovereign country can allow . 
  i do understand that the dutch do n't want their government involved in this , logical in the framework of anglo saxon secularism ( french laicite would do this differently ) but still allowing a foreign country to use influence in public life like that hurts national sovereignity imo . 
  despite being pretty shit with minorities turkey gave the istanbul orthodox patriarchate pretty wide rights just to ensure orthodox religious leaders in turkey were appointed from istanbul instead of athens or moscow for example . 
  religion, 
  why does the netherlands allow this ? 
  \u00c7omars are using this shit to call berkin a terrorist all over so i assumed you were one . 
  sorry if you 're not . 
  still , no need to drag berkin into this . 
  it has nothing to do with him . 
  even if it really is cephe and they really say they did it for berkin , everyone knows if berkin was n't murdered they 'd find another excuse to do exactly the same shit . 
  it is n't justification . 
  if you polarize people that much some maniac will try to take advantage of it . 
  blaming erdo\u011fan has nothing to do with justifying it . 
  technically there are more people voting against him than for him but you 've got a point , no one can say it 's safe here with a straight face . 
  go to chios instead , they have the best aegean cuisine restaurants in greece by a long shot . 
  try zuccini and saganaki . 
  ku\u015fadas\u0131 is pretty nice too , hope you 'll come back after this islamist nightmare is over . 
  there is no proof it got anything to do with dhkpc . 
  even it does , berkin had nothing to do with them . 
  it 's astonishing to see nationalist mental gymnastics like that : `` terrorist statements are never reliable unless they claim someone i do n't like was a member of them '' . 
  has a few pictures with stones in their hands . 
  wonder why ? 
  check out the gazi massacre . 
  if every kid with stones in there was a cephe member there would n't five of them left . 
  do you know what berkin 's mother told about him and dhkpc ? 
  of course you do n't . 
  \u00c7omars have been bending every attack , statement , political move they can for years just for one purpose : to convine people a 14 year old completely unarmed kid killed by the police with clear intention .
