  1st against muslims , 2nd against jews and 3rd against roma . 
  calm down hungary it 's not a race . 
  people who actually meet muslims in daily life have an easier time distinguishing between islamism as a political ideology , or even islam as a religion and muslims as individuals . 
  that 's why the countries with highest muslim percentages of their population on this chart ( uk france germany ) are the most tolerant while countries with the lowest muslim population ( poland hungary ) are the most intolerant . 
  that is true for most minorities and even within said countries , german states with lowest muslim percentages have the most anti-muslim views for example . 
  actually meeting different people makes it harder to demonize them . 
  that 's also why most racists are antisocial : they rarely meet anyone outside their close circle . 
  same with muslim communities . 
  france uk and germany have the largest percentage of muslims in europe except muslim countries while hungary and poland are among lowest in europe . 
  it was n't opportunism on the jewish part . 
  almost all jews in the empire were sepharads , including the balkans . 
  they arrived as refugees and saw the ottoman rule as the only guarantee of their survival , considering the pogroms and expulsions in christian europe . 
  they mostly lived in thrace and thessaloniki which did n't have a majority , only a plurality for greeks with turks , bulgars and gypsies also living there in large numbers , so they did n't consider themselves living in greek land . 
  they did n't have a reason to be loyal to greece and were especially against areas with jewish majority or plurality like the thessaloniki urban area being declared greek . 
  greek speaking romanoid jews on the other hand were mostly pro-greece . 
  this jewish betrayal rheroric of greeks really does n't make sense . 
  the sepharadic community did n't have any historical ties with the greek community . 
  a `` christians and jews vs. muslims '' mentality did n't exist back then . 
  there was n't anything to betray to . 
  they simply remained loyal to the political entity that saved them from genocide in spain and let them thrive with trade and tax exemptions . 
  they had no reason at all to support greece . 
  also , young turks and later the cup was a wide coalition of everyone against the sultan and his islamist party . 
  cup originally included the pro western faction ( included atat\u00fcrk ) , liberals , turanists , socialists , and minorities including the armenian left . 
  in 1908 elections dashnaksutyun had 14 mp from the cup list . 
  the massacres in wwi happened after the turanist ( far right nationalist ) faction took the power with an inner party military coup and purged all the other factions . 
  supporting the young turks or the cup before the balkan wars does n't make anyone racist murderers . 
  we do have good relations . 
  i guess it depends on what pro-turkish means , like any other term on this map . 
  yeah we do . 
  bastard 's doing everything he can to destroy the turkish economy , including this statement . 
  yeah , investors absolutely love instability and conspiracy theories , they 'll flock back to turkey if you keep blaming the germans . 
  idiot . 
  ottoman jews were loyal to the empire and were against independent greece . 
  especially jews in thessaloniki , which was in essence a jewish city , took a loyalist stance after the balkan wars . 
  thessaloniki jews were blamed as traitors when they registered as turks as population polls to make turkish population look bigger so independence was more unlikely . 
  jews feared that after becoming equal citizens before law in the empire , greek rule would take that away ( they were n't wrong too , greek jews became equal citizens first time at the interwar period ) they faced less problems than their compatriots in christian lands , had trade and tax exemptions and ottoman empire being multiethnic and multicultural , they did n't fear assimilation efforts as much as they would in a unitarian nation state . 
  also , as a city , thessaloniki had a left wing revolutionary character , so many jews here chose the liberal revolutionary young turks over greek monarchy . 
  if people act like idiots they should be called idiots . 
  they unironically say that women should n't vote . 
  should we just `` oh what an interesting argument lets discuss it '' ? 
  or just educate them on the subject calmly ? 
  trust me they know what they 're doing . 
  tomorrow on daily sabah : evil european conspiracy confirmed the federal european telekinesis organization ( feto ) trying to kill our god-emperor erdo\u011fan using evin djinnis is supected of having ties with fet\u00f6 and pkk with judeo-armenian support . 
  you insulted a whole nation . 
  that 's not cherrypicking . 
  that 's disgusting . 
  i see the whole issue pointless and tried to explain that here . 
  i hate racists , so i see no value in discussing with one . 
  a racist would n't be convinced that any national dispute is pointless anyway , because your nation stronk take all the clays i guess . 
  it seems that i wo n't be able to convince you that this dispute is stupid . 
  i do n't have any intentions of fighting it out , so if you do find turks that want to , you can fight with them . 
  some islands off 3nmi off turkey 's coasts are also disputed . 
  12nmi in mediterreanean is n't disputed , turkey does n't also dispute 12nmi for greece south of crete . 
  the aegean sea is disputed here . 
  none of these discussions are important however . 
  if you could take off your nationalist glasses for a minute you 'd see how pointless and easily solvable the dispute is . 
  even if turkey or greece got their way entirely , not a single citizen 's lives would be affected on either countries . 
  how hard can it be to come to an agreement there ? 
  do you honestly think the issue would still be here if both sides were doing fine economically ? 
   we know how sneaky turkish people is i wo n't argue with you . 
  you are a racist . 
  dude , again , you 're one sided . 
  try to understand both sides . 
  18 islets ( nobody actually knows exactly * which * 18 islets btw ) is a pretty compliacated issue . 
  some islands inbetween are n't recognized as a part of greece or turkey in lausanne and they are mostly uninhabited anyway . 
  turkey did raise the tensions by pretending to dispute some cleary greek islands , they 're not innocent in this . 
  again , i 'm arguing the greek faults with you because you pretend they are nonexistens , whereas both sides escalated . 
  12 nmi is not agreed by both countries , it 's as simple as that . 
  greece wants to expand it 's naval territorial borders ? 
  negotiate with turkey . 
  again , both sides wo n't like that because nationalists on both sides will start to say `` you gave away our rightful clay to the fuckin greek/turkish people no votes for you '' . 
  both sides have broken the treaty . 
  also , militarizing and arming for a conflict that will never happen just to keep the nationalists happy for two fragile economies is beyond stupid . 
  take joint custody of the disputed islands and make it a tourist hotspot maybe ? 
  or give them to greece if they want it too bad , it 's an earthquake zone some islands sink and some raise at every earthquake , whatever . 
  that 's not a real issue . 
  turkey should 've been in that alliance . 
  it would 've been in there if not for erdo\u011fan and his jihadist bffs . 
  the `` tension '' is made up though , nothing will happen except some strongly worded letters and dogfights whenever pilots want some extra training . 
  ask a military pilot on either side of the aegean , they actually get along fine and do n't even activate their weapons in dogfights . 
  it 's a dick measuring contest pandering to nationalist votes . 
  it 's not about the islands , it 's about naval territories . 
  even though erdo\u011fan likes to talk shit about every single neighbour , turkey does n't actually claim greek islands populated by greek people . 
  the international treaty you speak of is [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea#parties ) which is n't signed by turkey . 
  6 nmi is accepted by both sides . 
  10 nmi is claimed by greece and rejected by turkey . 
  12 nmi is considered by greece but of course they wo n't do a move as aggressive as that , they 'll just say that they 're considering it so nationalists are happy . 
  not every country conformed to the 10-12 nmi including the us , turkey and greece do n't have to either . 
  greece 's official position is that every country including turkey has a right to the 12 nmi territorial waters , which does n't make any sense because there are some places where the turkish mainland and the nearest greek island is closer than 20 nmi . 
  what happens to the overlapping 4 nmi ? 
  the grey area . 
  that 's the unique situation . 
  6nmi is outdated , 12nmi landlocks turkey . 
  it 's easy to draw the borders around 8-9 nmi each and call it a day but neither side wants to . 
  greece ca n't do unilateral naval border claims and militarization on the demilitarized islands in lausanne . 
  i think you 're seeing this one sided . 
  this is one of the biggest dick measuring contests in the international area , it may also be the least explosive crisis at europe 's history . 
  i 've given up arguing with nationalists on both sides on that . 
  it 's an extremely easily solvable crisis if not for `` we rule the seas we stronk '' idiots on both sides . 
  the naval territory is 50/50 .
