  `` yeah we tried to kill you all but let 's go back to the old ways with the same political system that allowed that to happen '' - that will never work . 
  turkey 's guarantee is not a red line , and i personally think a sovereign state should n't be `` guaranteed '' by any foreign nation . 
  it all comes to the same end : they do n't want anything economical , they do n't want to rig the system for their favour , they just want to guarantee that something like the last time can never , ever happen again . 
  if greek cypriots think that 's too much to give to people they call their compatriots , there is no way out of this . 
  these issues are rarely one sided , and this one is no exception . 
  only nationalists at both sides see the other side as the devil responsible for everything bad and their side as the shining beacon . 
  turkey actually wanted united cyprus during the 2000s when eu talks resembled something real . 
  it 's a drain , both politically and economically on turkey . 
  now it does n't matter what turkey wants moreso how can you bribe erdo\u011fan ( at which eu is pretty good at ) , but it does n't matter either . 
  northern cyprus is giving erdo\u011fan the middle finger at every election . 
  they do n't exactly want turkish influence with a burning passion . 
  do n't want turkish guarantee ? 
  make turkish cypriots feel safe some other way . 
  it ca n't be that hard . 
  as long as the greek side wants them to be just a minority in a unitarian state that wo n't happen . 
  they agreed to that once , were almost completely wiped out . 
  it was the greek side that rejected the annan plan though . 
  turkish side agreed . 
  northern cyprus is as independent of turkey as it ever will be , they 're a secular society and are fed up with erdo\u011fan 's shit . 
  if the greek side insists on keeping the status quo i 'm afraid there may not ever be a better time to do this . 
  overwhelming majority at the turkish side wants to unify again , but they faced ethnic cleansing and that is n't easy to forgive and forget . 
  they just want to make absolutely sure that cyprus wo n't end up like crete . 
  that should n't be this hard to provide . 
  the greek side keeps wanting more and more , capitulating on the turkish side 's will to unify . 
  that 's what you do to your enemies , not your fellow citizens . 
  that 's why the whole country is pissed all the time . 
  everybody looks like shit . 
  no , this is n't about erdo\u011fan 's lausanne rhetoric . 
  he 's talking about islands that were n't left to greece or italy in the lausanne and currently have disputed ownership . 
  those 18 islets are n't a part of greece according to the international law . 
  just to be clear : this is n't erdo\u011fan 's `` hurr durr lausanne wrong take back greek islands take back empire '' rhetoric . 
  he 's talking about the islands that were n't considered greek or italian in lausanne , and are disputed . 
  instead of negotiating , greece just took over the islands , planted a flag and started to militarize them . 
  this is the balkan region , erdo\u011fan is n't the only irredentist idiot here . 
  it 's neutral . 
  just the way it is in the turkish language . 
  greeks from the mainland greece : yunan ( ionian ) . 
  greeks from cyprus and turkey ( includes expats from asia minor ) : rum ( roman ) . 
  all greek people i know here call themselves rum and some of the get offended when called yunan because it implies that they came to istanbul from outside , whereas they 've been here for generations . 
  some greeks on reddit are offended when called rum . 
  i also met a guy in athens who said it 's kinda offensive that we do n't have a word for hellen in turkish . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  she lived as many young years as anyone , and then some extra old years . 
  young years  old years  dead years . 
  shit nice catch . 
  it kinda does look like something spilled . 
  it 's a joke at this point to be fair . 
  this current situation is a different story , bu event in the ideal conditions the accession talks should be terminated and we should talk on a mutually beneficial alliance/cooperation deal instead . 
  membership is never happening . 
  turks know it , eu knows it but everyone is still pretending . 
  eu citizens do n't want turkey to join , turkey ( not only akp voters , left wing too ) do n't want to join , so keeping the way open seems stupid . 
  even turks supporting turkey joining the eu see it as a purely economical cooperation . 
  you see the `` eu is trying to replace the national government '' stuff even in fairly liberal eu members . 
  the integration talks would cause everyone to lose their shit here , even in a completely secular turkey . 
  why so many penis references ? 
  i thought finland was the balls of scandinavia , sweden and norway being weird twin dicks . 
  i 've been to prague and food was n't that awful . 
  there were weird stuff sure but as far as i 've seeb it was mostly `` fuck it lets fry it all i 'm sure it 'll taste nice '' . 
  it 's no mediterreanean cuisine but it 's not english either . 
  also , beer was awesome so it 's ok . 
  but sanctions are quite counterproductive there since erdo\u011fan will definitely open the doors if they are implemented . 
  add turkish refugees there if the sanctions are actually harsh , and you have the 10x refugee crisis you had before . 
  i 'm not trying to find excuses for him , he 's an idiot islamist clown who should be fucking hanged . 
  it 's just that no matter how much he huffs and puffs , every single analyst , politician and general in turkey , greece and eu know that turkey actually formally claiming greek land and trying to take it militarily will never happen . 
  estonia being threatened by russia and greeks being pissed at turkey are far , far different things . 
  erdo\u011fan talking shit about lausanne is for domestic consumption . 
  it 's also throwing punches in the mid east borders , not balkans . 
  greeks are understandably pissed but him trying something like that seriously is n't possible . 
  i do n't think greek politicians are actually afraid that turkish tanks will appear at the borders some day . 
  that will never happen . 
  that 's not exactly the kind of threat russia had . 
  not helping with the refugee crisis ! = tanks rolling from the border . 
  also , sanctions will definitely make him open the borders . 
  they also will create a wave of turkish refugees on top of that . 
  if the refugees are the biggest threat eu has in mind , sanctions will be quite counterproductive , especially considering that most turks can migrate legally to the eu through marriage with turkish eu citizens , so walls ca n't exactly stop them either . 
  as i wrote here russia is threatening to eu members , erdo\u011fan is threatening to his own people . 
  not the same . 
  russia is threatening eu members like the baltic countries . 
  erdo\u011fan is threatening turkish seculars . 
  i do n't think eu will give that much shit about that . 
  i mean the european people are nice , they probably give a shit . 
  the elite do n't , they are calculating how much more shit they can sell to that consumption based economy next year . 
  destabilize how ? 
  crisis is a relevant term . 
  you remember greece taking the streets and electing syriza because public servant wages and pensions dropped ? 
  turkey has about 1/3 that level for years and everyone is talking about how great erdo\u011fan is for the economy . 
  a consumption economy with customs union is the dream for the eu . 
  they 're getting good money out of this . 
  what the fuck does vw care if erdo\u011fan is fucking over secular people if they keep buying the new golf ? 
  russia is threatening to eu members in the eastern europe , tayyip is threatening to the mid east and turkey . 
  i do n't think they 'll care . 
  sure they 'll write some strongly worded letters and talk shit and suspend the membership process which is already a joke , which in turn returns as political capital to erdo\u011fan . 
  they wo n't do anything economic . 
   turkey does benefit from being part of the eu 's customs union . 
  so does the eu . 
  of course it 's more important for turkey but eu would lose a good chunk . 
  they did sanction russia but russia was creating international problems threatening eu countries . 
  i do n't think european elite would poke a hole in their own wallet just to teach erdo\u011fan a lesson . 
  eu keeps supporting turkey despite erdo\u011fan but his voters think that he holds all the cards , he 's making the big bad west bend the knee and shit . 
  it 's not helping anything .
