  she refuses and they accept to divorce them . 
  now that the video is public , are n't british authorities obliged to find that man and take him to a regular court ? 
  what if the `` judges '' refuse to give personal information ? 
  btw you said that these courts have to be in compliance with uk rights laws . 
  sharia law gives 1/4 the inheritance men get to women , and 4 women are accepted as influential as 1 male witness . 
  would n't those be enough to breach those laws ? 
  making religion the exception would work wonders here i assume . 
  not allowing thousand year old dogmas to dictate social life is a core european value , exercising this without exceptions would n't be called anti-semitic by anyone sane . 
  also in this particular video they are advising a rape and physical abuse victim to forget it and get back with her husband . 
  is n't that a breach of uk laws ? 
  would n't the guy be persecuted regardless of if she wanted to pursue it or not ? 
  what if they `` advise '' the family of a murder victim to just let it go ? 
  where do british laws draw the line ? 
  a woman in this situation is usually dependent on her family and community , because most likely the same community did n't let her get educated or get a job to gain her economic freedom . 
  not accepting the sharia court 's decision might mean cutting all ties with the community , and that might not be an option . 
  beside the fact that these communities are mostly life as they know it for women there , it would also be naive to think that there would n't be any physical repercussions . 
  these closed communities is a whole big problem europe has to deal with , but the least they can do is not let their community exercise their `` laws '' on women like her . 
  i mean they will try regardless , but a little government intervention would be welcomed by these women , whether they 're able to admit it or not . 
  but they do have enforcing power through their community , which does n't exactly put them in the conflict resolution business you described as far as i understand . 
  it sounds to me like they are using a law completely irrelevant to their situation just to get their sharia courts . 
  uk should be able to specifically ban those without hurting the essence of the law . 
  i 'm sure the authorities would be able to find enough `` deals '' that were enforced against the will of citizens there to justify this . 
  also do n't you guys have laicite protection laws for these situations ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they ca n't do something like that in france too . 
  nato might be ignoring that army . 
  or maybe their calculation methods are different idk . 
  aegean army founded in response to the cyprus crisis at the 70 's is n't a part of nato , so money spent there is n't considered nato spending . 
  nato gave turkey so much shit over that though . 
  us even said some units of the turkish army might not be incorporated into nato if the deal would pass through . 
  official reasoning was that they would be incompatible wit the rest of the nato gear but it was a political move . 
  the whole situation was political . 
  china offered turkey bargain prices to fuck with nato and turkey pretended to accept the deal because we were pissed with us and france giving us old tech with high prices . 
  everyone was bluffing and some deal was reached within nato . 
  turkey cancelled the chinese purchases . 
  domestic production is ok but if a purchase that big would actually be made from one of major nato rivals there would be a real shitstorm . 
  i 'm still not convinced for the use of video technology . 
  it wo n't be that effective anyway , most positions are open to interpretation . 
  that handball was a fringe case . 
  referees changing their decisions with video feedback would also undermine their authority in the field . 
  i also feel like this will kinda hurt the soul of the game . 
  some of the most iconic moments of football history would n't have happened if the referees had that technology available , maradona 's famous `` god 's hand '' for example ^ i ^ said ^ iconic ^ not ^ good ^ or ^ just ^ ^ please ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ hurt ^ ^ me i can understand the arguments for using the technology though . 
  this is probably a reactionary `` but it wo n't be the game i grew up with '' reaction by me . 
  also fifa is obviously corrupt as fuck . 
  so when in doubt , supporting whatever they do n't agree with is usually the right choice . 
  i 'm undecided i guess . 
  somebody convince me to support whatever fifa does n't want . 
  and they are scared turkey joining the eu will `` islamize '' the country ? 
  you guys might rethink that , we might actually secularize your land . 
  sharia courts are legally accepted as terrorist cells in turkey . 
  half the shit in this video in turkey would cause the second gezi uprising in here . 
  the part about `` i think women might be mistreated there '' would actually be funny if it were n't so tragic . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  have you read the book they based their laws on ? 
  a western country allowing her citizens to be treated like this is absolutely disgusting . 
  shit , even some countries the immigrants actually come from would n't allow that . 
  also , i ca n't understand how the same uk that was going apeshit about independence from eu regulations can accept an actual alternative court system outside state law . 
  this is a clear breach of national sovereignty if i ever saw one . 
  i seriously ca n't understand how this is allowed and out in the open . 
  also how are they actually expecting to integrate immigrants like that ? 
  no matter how i look at this it still seems incredibly idiotic . 
  to top it all , they are charging cash for their `` services '' . 
  how the fuck is that legal ? 
  countries open their gates because actual refugees are coming . 
  economic immigrants get through because rhe gates are open . 
  people do n't want the gate closed because it is a life or death situation for the remaining 40 % . 
  the root of the problem is the same still . 
  it 's starting you guys . 
  [ they 've already declared a kingdom !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gay_and_lesbian_kingdom_of_the_coral_sea_islands#declaration_of_independence ), 
  russia could invade the baltics until midday if they got up early , and by the evening putin would be practically begging us not to nuke moscow . 
  russia is aggressive but they are n't idiots . 
  no one will try something that idiotic . 
  russia does n't have the military to fight all nato armies and is n't even near the economic capacity for a drawn out war . 
  for the foreseeable future nothing will happen there . 
  oh come on do n't be a sore loser they did play better . 
  besides it was the french defence that stopped every attack with a kick in the leg not portuguese . 
  yeah it is . 
  using water filtered tobacco smoking devices is invented by the mughals . 
  the nargile used by the turks and greeks is from bahrain however . 
  they are both called shisha but look and work different so i consider them separate inventions . 
  well kebab is an arabic word meaning grilled meat . 
  using minced meat is originally arabic cuisine . 
  the word rak\u0131 is also arabic , meaning distilled . 
  anise is an egyptian plant . 
  with coffee it 's obvious , neither turks nor greeks even cultivate coffee . 
  baklava is originally a syrian dry dessert . 
  while using water filtered devices to smoke tobacco was a mughal invention , the specific nargile used in turkey and greece is from bahrain . 
  our cultures are pretty much the same . 
  they know how to eat , drink and smoke right . 
  three years ago i was doing an interrail trip and last stop was thessaloniki . 
  all the different cultures cuisines etc. 
  were really nice to know but after a month of drinking nothing but wine and beer , eating strange meats with fucking marmalade on it ( looking at you czechia ) and constant no-smoking zones ; coming to a country where people smoke like factory chimneys , drink real alcohol ( rak\u0131 / ouzo ) and eat real food ( aegean cuisine  italian + french ) felt like home . 
  love you guys . 
  plus they are our partners in crime in food theft ( our constant bickering about who 's cuisine originally includes kebab/gyro , coffee , shisha , baklava , rak\u0131 / ouzo etc. 
  distracts the world from the fact that all of these are arab originally ), 
  yeah , uk already tried that in the victorian era . 
  did n't work out too well . 
  ottomans were a dynasty , not a nation so it does n't fit the general style at all . 
  turks should 've been there as a civilization and atat\u00fcrk is the obvious choice as the leader . 
  the ottoman empire is when `` turks '' had most contact with europe so it 's more well known compared to other eras but even if we have to be represented by a dynasty , seljuks were far greater than ottomans imo .
