  that will be a net loss especially for the islands . 
  the jupiter missiles that had moscow in their range were removed from italy and turkey . 
  nuclear warheads remained . 
  well , turkey is a country that got its independence fighting against a coalition that included the ottoman state , so why would we give any shit to other nations that have done the same ? 
  us is much better with visas to non-eu countries though . 
  they questioned everything even my grandpa 's bank account when i applied for a schengen visa to italy . 
  they gave me an 11 days visa for a 11 day trip , if my flight 's cancelled i 'm basically illegal . 
  in the us embassy i just went through a 20 seconds interview and bam 10 years visa . 
  the questioning part is true though , us is much stricter when actually coming in . 
  cats are generally afraid of no one around here . 
  dogs are submissive , but a cat will fuck your shit up if you mistreat it in any way . 
  criticism against islam by turks is dismissed as kemalist elitism . 
  if you want to dismiss criticism you 'll find a way . 
  in turkey you usually eat a fuckton of seeds in matches . 
  the difference is you eat them ** during ** the match , not in half time . 
  half time is [ sucuk ekmek ] ( http://www.bolugezi.com/site/o/76203/2016/10/b384badb062e935c9058bd99c20fdd54.jpg?574040 ) time . 
  some justice porn : [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqougxcazc4 ) is what happens if you hit a stray dog in turkey . 
  they make sure you ca n't taste anything with copious amounts of spice and greens , which is a good thing when you think about it . 
  there 's no way of knowing so just do n't eat 2tl ( 0.5 eu ) kebab . 
  if you 're in turkey and do n't have much money eat simit . 
  if they are treated good and well fed they are playful and harmless . 
  a good rule of thumb for renting a house in istanbul : go pet the stray dogs . 
  if they come when called and play with you it 's a nice neighbourhood with good people who feed and pet the dogs , so dogs expect warmth from humans in general . 
  if they are aggressive or run away from you the neighbourhood is filled with assholes , do n't go there . 
  i doubt anyone thinks ankara is kurdish, 
  it 's a joke dude . 
  calm down . 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  there are ( and were ) hundreds of nationalist terrorist organization , not every memver of those nations were involved in terrorist acts either . 
  you do n't need every single member of a group to be terrorists to designate the source of terror . 
  if a demographic has a disproportionately higher terrorist count than others , you take a look at what brings them together . 
  how they justify it matters . 
  in this case it 's islam . 
  enlightenment directly confronting the social impact of christianity and the concept of religion itself ended christian terror in europe . 
  middle eastern muslim terror wo n't end without directly confronting islam and not running circles around it . 
  if you wanted to get ` revenge ' for the drone strikes you would n't probably bomb belgium . 
  also the turkish government has been supporting islamist organizations around the globe instead of bombing them , but we still get attacked . 
  it 's not about being bombed or attacked . 
  it 's about an aggressive oppressive ideology being treated like ` just a different opinion ' in the west . 
  it is n't . 
  and christianity was the source of that terror , like islam is now . 
  creepy video . 
  the city seems nice though . 
  atat\u00fcrk had no political power in 1915 . 
  cup was controlled by the 3 pashas clique after their inner party coup . 
  they belonged to the turanist/turkist faction of the party while kemal was in the pro-western faction . 
  personally , he was in gallipoli in 1915 so it was geographically impossible for him to be involved . 
  in his quotations in this paper , mustafa kemal blames the armenians with rebelling in line with western interests . 
  he sees armenians , greeks and kurds as eastern people encouraged to rebellion from the west , then left alone to fend for themselves when they needed help . 
  this does n't have anything to do with the genocide itself . 
  he 's against partitioning of anatolia in response to the massacres , but does not deny or support them . 
  taner ak\u00e7am 's [ article ] ( https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/soc.culture.turkish/poxkohmqfsy ) on where he stood regarding those events is a source for that . 
  he called the 1915 acts as `` cowardice , barbarity , massacres '' in more than one occasion . 
  regarding cup , he talked on more than one occasion on how poisonous the late term young turk an cup ideology has become . 
  all cadres responsible for the empire 's entry to the wwi and the genocide have been exiled or jailed with no political power . 
  for enver pa\u015fa , he did n't even allow him to be buried in turkey after his death . 
  the remaining cup cadres even tried to [ assasinate him ] ( https://tr.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0130zmir_suikast\u0131 ) . 
  the article you sent also talks about sabiha g\u00f6k\u00e7en and the dersim rebellion . 
  this is usually shown as a racist massacre against a kurdish rebellion in western circles without much context . 
  dersim rebellion was an islamist rebellion for sharia rule in turkey , had nothing to do with kurdish nationality or identity . 
  atat\u00fcrk did exactly the same thing to the menemen rebellion , again an islamist pro-sharia rebellion but this time in the aegean region from turks . 
  i used to think he was too harsh on those rebellions too , until islamists actually got power and showed everyone what they are willing to do . 
  all in all , the article you sent cheryypicks lots of quotes out of context and is really aggressive against mustafa kemal . 
  it 's emotional more than scientific i would say . 
  dedicating a university of california basde article to hrant dink makes no sense except the emotional impact it may have on some people , since dink himself was against westerners being involved in the turkish-armenian issue . 
  also , hrant dink had a giant atat\u00fcrk portrait in his study room . 
  there was no greek genocide . 
  there were correspondent massacres on both sides , and later a mutually agreed upon peaceful population exchange . 
  the greek army wreaked havoc and cleansed every muslim village when they arrived to anatolia too , do n't make this one sided . 
  ottoman empire is responsible for the armenian genocide and i 'm a citizen of the republic that destroyed this empire , destroyed it 's institutions and state ideology , exiled it 's sultan , palace elite and other political leaders , and just basically erased it from geography . 
  if anything , i would feel proud if feeling pride or shame for acts you were n't even alive to witness was n't that stupid . 
  if by purge you mean the population exchange with greece , it was mutually agreed upon . 
  it was n't a genocide , it was a diplomatic treaty . 
  of course it was tragic for people on both sides had to leave the land they were born in . 
  that does n't make it a brutal purge however . 
  if you mean the armenian genocide , just read about what atat\u00fcrk was doing and where he was in 1915 . 
  also , check out what he actually said about the 1915 events after independence and what he 's done with cup leaders in charge at that time . 
  well , if we 're talking about legal status let 's talk about the legal status in turkey . 
  t\u00fcrkiye has `` il `` s ( provinces ) and one `` il merkezi '' ( provincial center ) for each of them . 
  '' \u015eehir '' ( city ) as a legal term does not exist . 
  only `` b\u00fcy\u00fck\u015fehir '' ( big city ) exists as a legal term , and there are only 31 of them including 14 that erdo\u011fan made b\u00fcy\u00fck\u015fehir just to play to their regional prides for votes . 
  which leaves 17 actual provincial centers that should bear the name '' \u015fehir '' in some form . 
  none of my examples do . 
  \u015eehir , as a general term , remains cultural and social , not legal in turkey . 
  social darwinism was used as a pseudo-scientific basis for fascism . 
  what you wrote is just incredibly vague . 
  he could be an oppressor tooi he could be a fascist too , he could be brutal too . 
  just give me examples of this brutality and oppression . 
  not even mentioning the fascist thing . 
  he was not a fascist . 
  kemalism emphasizes both inner and foreign peace against expansionism while fascism sees war and violence as national rejuvenation , kemalist nationalism is territorial and cultural while fascism is ethnical , fascism was corporatist while kemalism advocates corporatism only until free market becomes viable as a final goal , etc. 
  they are very fundamentally different ideologies . 
  it us not an insult but a fact . 
  a city is n't just a village with a bigger population in the cultural sense of the world . 
  there are many `` cities '' that do n't have anything urban about them . 
  german cities , on the other hand , are actually cities . 
  istanbul is n't the only city in turkey of course , ankara , \u0130zmir , adana , bursa , eski\u015fehir etc. 
  are pretty urban . 
  not all provinces are though . 
  just because a village is bigger than others and was made the provincial capital because there were n't any alternatives does n't make it a city .
