  erdo\u011fan ca n't open the ` faili me\u00e7hul ' cases , he would be buried under them . 
  people collect results and compare them to the board of elections . 
  turkey 's left wing is very conscious about elections . 
  the way to do it without making it obvious as fuck was to let unstamped votes be used in the ballots and later declare them valid because people watching the elections would n't account for those , adding frauded ballots to the box with them ( this was possible since the votes in question were unstamped anyway ) . 
  also they did a lot of shady shit in kurdish cities in which citizens were n't allowed to watch voting areas because terror etc. 
  they managed to turn 2-3 % to their side with fraud and that was enough in a referandum that narrow . 
  edit : yeah sure downvote bots are indeed very useful when you do n't have anything to say you poor \u00e7omars . 
  people sentimentally attack ottoman history because it 's the historical boogeyman of the west , so sometimes you have to explain that they were just a regular multiethnic empire that was different , but not objectively better or worse than its european contemporaries . 
  that 's not defending it . 
  turkey is not the continuation of the ottomans , but the last nation state to gain her independence from the empire like other balkan and middle eastern nations . 
  overwhelming majority of secular turks are proud to be citizens of the nation that has destroyed the old and long rotten empire and have no nostalgia for it . 
  they can usually look at its history more objectively than the average european though . 
  not even gon na explain how democracy is supposed to work because you 're completely wrong and what you understand as `` democracy '' is elected majority dictatorship , the thing is that erdo\u011fan `` won '' by voter fraud as documented by lots of respectable local and international researchers . 
  the other half is completely free to live as they like . 
  their demands are that the other opposing half comply to their lifestyle too . 
  that 's not a valid demand in any democracy , no matter how many people want it . 
  not as much as hdp as their mps are still out , but lots of pro chp journalists intellectuals etc. 
  are in jail . 
  nah , just different cliques . 
  nothing `` modern '' about their doctrine . 
  they pretend to be tolerant multiculturalists now that they have lost their power , but so did erdo\u011fan before he took power . 
  the threat is that they hold lots of high positions in the state organization . 
  akp does n't have enough competent cadres to employ as generals , judges , bureucrats etc. 
  so they allied gulen . 
  the cultish structure of the gulenist movement lets them train their initiates however they want . 
  he 's an islamist so do n't bother . 
  he 'd much rather go to hell than a library . 
  he supported erdo\u011fan in turkey for years so yeah , he 's a piece of shit . 
  just that though , not a mastermind puppeteer . 
  the area is n't a part of israel either . 
  uk was in on it too and i do n't remember germany defending libyan or syrian sovereignity either . 
  when the french , germans and brits fuck up whole europe suffers . 
  that 's not a modern thing , it has always been like that . 
  moderate alcohol consumption is n't really unhealthy . 
  alcoholism is . 
  eating meat is healthy but eating 5 steaks a day will fuck you up in some way too . 
  what fucks people up is n't alcohol but addiction in general . 
  people bring up the madman theory often nowadays , i think it 's important to remember that it failed for nixon . 
  no anatolian community was ever racially pure anyway . 
  before they were turkified by ottomans , they were hellenized native anatolians ( hittites , phrygians etc. ), 
  both the romans , eastern romans and ottomans were large multicultural empires with lots of in-empire migration . 
  being a racist in this geography is pretty dumb . 
  nobody knows what the hell they are and most will never know since their ancestors started interacting with foreign cultures before they could even write . 
  yeah he cares so much about our soldiers ' lives he wants to send them to syria and qatar , you know , for vacation and stuff . 
  spare me the bs . 
  this cheap propaganda trick by this lying stealing murdering bastard should be ridiculed . 
  this is inspired by ottoman architecture which is a refinement of byzantine and other levantine styles with a bit of seleucid turkic influence . 
  arabian architecture is pretty different regarding mosques . 
  communists have never been backwards regarding gender roles where i live . 
  not right now . 
  they support different terrorists . 
  britain wanted to leave it to the ottomans actually , after securing enough bases in the bosphorus of course . 
  britain was actually the only major power to keep fighting to some degree , supplying the greeks and not letting the turkish army enter the bosphorus region . 
  the french left after the first signs of resistance while italians feeling betrayed by the treaty left without firing a single shot . 
  they even left their weapons behind for the militias as a fuck you to the british . 
  after bleeding so much for their own countries europeans did n't really want to fight another war for middle eastern colonies . 
  make byzantion pagan again !, 
  the point is that legality does n't matter , it was legitimate . 
  the disputed part was about the majority in the city center of smyrna only , which had the biggest greek population in anatolia . 
  the territory given to greece in sevres as a whole was pretty clearly turkish overall . 
  greece never denied this either . 
  by that logic every single war of independence is illegal . 
  greek war of independence was illegal too , ottoman empire was the legal owner of greece . 
  when locals do n't want to be ruled by a certain administration , it matters very little who it legally belongs to , usually . 
  turkish army liberated the aegean coast of anatolia which had a clear turkish majority ( as stated in wilson report ) . 
  this was n't an offensive war by any sense of the word , the greek army was the invading army in anatolia taking advantage of a war they did n't even join . 
  but the point is that it was n't necessary to win the war . 
  it was textbook terror bombing , punishment extracted on civilians . 
  there was no strategic importance of leveling the entire city . 
  the british fought bravely in wwii and i have a huge amount of respect for your nation for that , but even just wars have war crimes . 
  dresden was one . 
  i do n't think an apology is needed but britain needs to accept that it was wrong and should n't be repeated under any circumstance again . 
  `` brits are guilty '' \u2260 `` brits are as guilty as the nazis '', 
  it 's a pretty big day for the turkish left because of the mayday massacre in 77 . 
  depending on the political conjuncture , left wing parties and unions either try to go to taksim and clash with the police ( taksim has historical importance for the left because of 77 and cobtemporary importance because of gezi . 
  akp banned it for protests ) or hold a big demonstration somewhere else . 
  this year it was in bak\u0131rk\u00f6y . 
  it was pretty big , about 50.000 if i had to guess . 
  some small parties also tried to go to taksim . 
  did n't end well . 
  i do n't exactly go out of my way to mess with him . 
  he stopped funding shit in turkey anyway , the organizations he founded are now funded by qatar and saudis mostly . 
  he 's just an asshole who had a part in ruining my country ( and not as small as you think , open society foundation literally rained money to turkey in 2000 's ) and i think i 'm allowed to hate him for that . 
  i do n't really care about alt right , they are a classic european reactionary group this time with internet . 
  yeah they are morons , but just because they hate somebody does n't mean that person is a saint . 
  no , islamists did . 
  they just helped . 
  as i said , i do n't think soros is an evil mastermind behind everything that 's bad in the world like alt right . 
  he 's just an asshole who created , funded and supported various pro-islamist pro-akp ngo 's in the `` anti authoritarian '' disguise . 
  they kept ignoring all the dictatorial shit erdo\u011fan did and blamed everything on kemalists . 
  now that they do n't need to mask their intentions they closed the ngo 's and joined akp directly . 
  the ones who actually believed the democratic islamism bs refused to do so , and most of those are either in jail or exile . 
  such is the irony of `` democratic '' dictatorships . 
  the difference is that `` communist state '' by itself is an oxymoron . 
  a capitalist state can exist , and they do exist . 
  communist society is supposed to be completely classless ( socialist state is n't btw. , it just should be aspiring to be classless ) and that also invalidates the state organization in marxist understanding , so also stateless . 
  a communist world as envisioned in marxist theory would n't hav a state organization in the way we have it today . 
  states can be socialist , aspiring to a communist world but can not be communist . 
  no country ever claimed to be a communist state to my knowledge , if they did they were following another communist theory not by marx . 
  i 'm as left wing as they come and i hate the bastard with a passion .
