  good beer , pretty girls beautiful city , why would n't people want to live there ? 
  ( you guys kinda should work on the cuisine though ), 
  what matters is not changing the rules after you lose , once you legitimize this other political movements with much shadier goals can use that . 
  i could be wrong here but i thought both tories and labour told the voters they would implement the results . 
  that would make it binding in a political sense , as in nobody will trust anything they say if they go against it . 
  it could be argued that a referandum was n't needed , it was n't the right time , a bigger majority should 've been needed etc. 
  but the referandum happened and brexit was the result . 
  not giving a fuck about the results could lead the worse things . 
  i know i 'd be pretty pissed if i were british voter who voted leave and parliament said well it actually does n't matter what you think even though we decided to ask you in the first place . 
  fun fact : there was always the hahamba\u015f\u0131 ( chief rabbi of the empire ) together with christian religious leaders present at \u015feyh\u00fclislam 's ( muslim religious leader ) side at ottoman inaugurations . 
  they were all expected to give blessings to the new padi\u015fah . 
  they also were n't expected to kiss padi\u015fah 's skirt like the \u015eeyh\u00fclislam , just bless and bow . 
  the religious authorities were the only non-muslims allowed to join the inauguration ceremony . 
  it 's really weird , i mean even the minorities are white as fuck slavs . 
  looking at their demographics , only ethnic group that 's non-christian and non-white ( though they are aryan technically ) are the romani , about 2 % of the population . 
  how homogenous is enough for this guy ? 
  he 's probably pissed that there are n't enough muslims to hate in his country . 
  is n't slovakia already white as fuck ? 
  how can it be whiter ? 
  will he bleach people or something ? 
  better than `` who has the bigger guns '' contest at least . 
  that 's progress for balkans . 
  they tortured him . 
  which seems pretty satisfactory to some people who do n't really understand what happens when the police is allowed to punish public enemies without trial . 
  greeks have a right to education in native language in turkey together with other two lausanne-recognized minorities , armenians and jews . 
  there are greek schools in turkey . 
  here 's one of them in istanbul : https://www.google.com.tr/maps/dir//''/@41.0260787,28.9780952,12z/data=!4m5!4m4!1m0!1m2!1m1!1s0x14cab9e709b13aab:0x5311d205e67d6469, 
   akinci has talked in favor of remaining the military presence of turkey in the island officially , yeah . 
  he kinda has to . 
  that 's not a red line for tc 's though , and it definitely wo n't ruin a referandum on the northern side . 
  the annan plan did n't have room for turkish soldiers on the island and it was overwhelmingly accepted in the north . 
  it 's not that easy for the tc 's to forgive and forget everything that happened after the coup . 
  they want political guarantee . 
  not from the eu but from their own political position in the island . 
  these are all waypoints towards a total national unity for cyprus anyway , so gc 's as the majority have to take the first step to make tc 's feel safe . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  the greek side pushing for more and more is what 's driving the turkish side away more than the demands itself . 
  you do n't do that to people you think are your compatriots and equal citizens . 
  they want to protect themselves , it should n't be that hard to understand in the other side of the border . 
  this is all pretty easily fixable tbh if people stopped pandering to their nationalist voters . 
  look the issue was n't invented yesterday . 
  we have precedents , the annan plan for example . 
  i have no proof , nobody does negotiations are closed . 
  i 'm not claiming otherwise . 
  you 're right on what erdo\u011fan 's trying to do but he 's not the only asshole on the table . 
  tc side is ready for a solution , they elected a pro union party , sent a radical unionist to the negotiations , never talked about turkish military presence and now they are furious , leaving the table and the gc side is saying `` well what can you do , maybe next time '' . 
  what do you make of this ? 
  one side wants union , the other side wants more . 
  that 's the problem . 
  all government types , land agreements etc. 
  are temporary anyway they are to keep the island peaceful until people can live as one cypriot nation . 
  how hard can be to give the tc side some guarantee of political safety ? 
  not really . 
  good cop and bad cop are at the same side , pretending to be different . 
  in this case the good cop actually hates the bad cop , and also the good cop decides the outcome not the bad cop ( tcs will vote in a referandum not turkey ) . 
  it 's not a game . 
  if gcs see them both as different sides of a same coin , well , thats the main problem . 
  the map they proposed is deemed unacceptable and they had their `` non-acceptance letter '' ready before the negotiations , tc negotiator said . 
  current tc government is radically pro-union and they even accepted lower statue for the tc constituent state already , so i trust their judgement on that . 
  the plans are n't clear atm they are locked in a un box somewhere . 
  tc side never even talked about turkish military presence in the island or defended it , which was the most problematic point of negotations according to the gc side . 
  now that 's off the table ( yeah erdo\u011fan talks about it but he does n't get a say ) but still agreement seems far . 
  greece and turkey both sabotage the negotiations which is expected already , but the tc side is actually trying to agree to something . 
  this is clearly the public opinion right now . 
  if the maps and clauses were n't locked and secret i would 've given sources , i ca n't in the current situation . 
  this is how both sides feel right now . 
  turkey 's and tc 's demands are not the same . 
  gc 's are blocking both atm . 
  tc 's always drifted towards unification but they are desperate for it now that turkey 's becoming increasingly islamist and their community is secular . 
  gc 's trying to take advantage of this is n't that compatriotic . 
  he should be careful what he wishes for . 
  in an actual meritocracy based technocracy not a single member of the party he supports would be in government . 
  90 % of their mp 's bureucrats have no place in public life whatsoever . 
  erdo\u011fan would be in jail or nuthouse . 
  he would be unemployed because the government is keeping his bs newspaper alive by both direct support and by jailing any competition they might have . 
  it is hurting their relations with the turkish cypriots though . 
  they want to break away from turkey and the greek side is trying to use that because they know the north has to accept something somehow . 
  taking advantage of this seems smart for now but the negotiations are about forming a aingle nation out of two communities . 
  this is how you treat your defeated enemies , not compatriots . 
  it will have negative results after the unification . 
  what you 're saying is wrong and racist , nothing to do with how much i like what you said . 
  nationalist ? 
  dude i 'm a communist . 
  you are just plain wrong this is n't about ideology . 
  chp was n't in charge in the istanbul pogrom . 
  thia is a fact . 
  you ca n't change that with `` but they were bad with minorities too '' . 
  yes they were . 
  but you said they were in charge in the pogroms together with `` secular '' dp . 
  no they were n't . 
  accept that and move on . 
  nothing to discuss here . 
  half ignorance is worse than full ignorance because people suffering from the first one always think they now all about every possible issue . 
  us embargo was after the division . 
  they supported the initial operation too . 
  this is not even a discussion i do n't knoe how else to break it to you . 
  you are factually wrong . 
  oh please do n't start about pkk too that much orientalist western bs is enough for one day . 
  look the guy you 're trying to define as a racist nationalist minority hater etc. 
  has been beaten by the police in hrant 's memorial , suru\u00e7 demonstrations and more than once in gezi .
