  [ tell that to hdp ] ( http://i.cdn.ensonhaber.com/resimler/diger/g_2951.jpg ) chp has a zaza chairman and erdo\u011fan himself is georgian , with kurd and arab ministers in the cabinet . 
  people who do n't know the background of the conflict and cultural/political nuances in turkey call it ethnic because it 's easy when ethnicity is a pretty small part of the whole thing . 
  a fairly common mistake . 
  cultural differences created the conflict and political differences fed it . 
  actual race was n't an issue even in the beginning since \u00d6calan is half turkish in his mother 's side . 
   mhp does represent the general mind among the turkish population . 
  that 's why they get about 10 % of the vote . 
   nation wide demonstration agains turkish military 's killing of kurdish civilians ? 
  there were in big cities . 
  i was there in istanbul . 
  not everyone who does n't like the regime can take the streets in turkey , police fucks you up . 
  they were still crowded though . 
  i 'm yet to see a kurdish protest against pkk killing civilians but i wo n't hold kurds responsible because i actually know about the reality of the area and how hard and dangerous it is to protest something , unlike you . 
   do n't come telling me your country has any morality . 
  it is based on racism & supremacy . 
  insulting a country by calling them racist is , funnily enough , pretty close to the exact definition of racism . 
  it 's not even just the bias . 
  she 's completely clueless about the history and current political situation of turkey and the middle east . 
  she tried to write a piece about secularism in turkey and it was hilarious . 
  she did n't even know the dates she tried to refer to let alone the social condition and political nuances . 
  she compensates her ignorance with outrageous comments like that to gain publicity . 
  they are called secular in the west , and are secular compared to other similar organizations in the region but secularism is certainly not one of their concrete positions . 
  here 's hdp 's [ islamic conference ] ( http://t24.com.tr/haber/demokratik-islam-konferansinin-ana-temasi-islam-ve-baris-olacak,320185 ) and [ memorial for sheikh said ] ( http://anfmobile.com/kurdistan/seyh-sait-ve-arkadaslari-anildi ) , leader of the islamist uprising of 1925 . 
  they do n't claim to be marxists . 
  thanks man . 
  we 'll be safe when the papa terrorist calling himself the president gets toppled . 
  isis is the prime suspect as turkey just launched an offensive in al bab against them . 
  pkk also has the operational capacity for that . 
  a syrian rebel faction could 've done it like nusra in suru\u00e7 , they use bombs to `` negotiate '' and give messages to their allies too or remainder of g\u00fclenists from the coup is also a possibility , but the last two are a bit weak possibilities since it 's not easy to cause an explosion that big in the center of istanbul . 
  nevertheless , it is possible . 
  as a bonus , there is always the possibility of an akp false flag operation , they are clearly not above that . 
  people are discussing four different organizations that might 've done this . 
  erdo\u011fan before the elections : `` elect akp or there will be instability '' . 
  wow , i wonder what an unstable turkey would be like , considering the `` stable '' one has four different terrorist organizations that can blow you up anytime . 
  first of all the difference between my argument and the holocaust denier arguments is that in no way do i think that the armenian atrocities are the cause or the legitimization of the genocide , neither do i deny the catastrophe that happened in 1915 . 
  the stuff you wrote is basically why i agree that 1915 was a genocide . 
  you seem to think that calling it a genocide in a political context is somehow lighter than the scientific context , which i disagree with . 
  in a purely scientific discussion , the fact that the massacres were n't directly commanded by the higher authorities and the ottoman government did n't have any control on it s eastern provinces comes up . 
  i think that this discussion only belongs in the academy , and the political reality is forcing mass deportation without enough food , supplies and among extremely hostile kurdish clans without protection and with mostly racist officers in charge of the organization is n't that different from outright killing people in a political scale . 
  if the ottoman authorities had the intent of wiping armenians out is purely academical , because even if they did n't they knew the reality of that geography and what would happen to the armenians there . 
  some people ( not only turks btw . ), 
  think that these factors make the 1915 events ineligible to call genocide . 
  i disagree but they do have a right to defend that point because they do n't deny that armenians were massacred like holocaust deniers deny that jews were . 
  `` nah nothing happened to armenians '' is disgusting , `` i do n't think what happened could be classified as a genocide '' is discussable . 
  again , i would say that it was clearly a genocide , bu it is discussable . 
  there were pre-genocide atrocities by armenians too in the russian occupied kars and erzurum provinces . 
  armenians , afraid of losing their majority to kurds turks and azerbaijanians and the ottoman state , ruled by the racist turanist coup started to fight . 
  armenians allied with russia , which was a hostile power to the ottomans . 
  the ottoman state won that fight with russia weakened by pre revolution crisis , and ended it with a genocide . 
  i 'm not equating the two , one was disorganized militias and the other was a somewhat organized sovereign state . 
  but armenian militias did n't start the massacres only after 1915 , that 's just false . 
  there was tension in the region before that starting with the russian occupation on caucasus and armenians tried to capitulate on that the same way everyone did in the early 20th century : kill anyone that is n't you . 
  we 're not the worst yaaay . 
  we 're still pretty shitty though . 
  1 ) armenian community is n't innocent , their militias were involved in civilian massacres . 
  2 ) armenian people did n't deserve what happened to them . 
  they ca n't be blamed for their own genocide no matter what some of them did . 
  those two statements do n't contradict each other . 
  also , there are historical facts and there are political interpretations of those . 
  armenians have committed massacres . 
  that 's a fact . 
  armenian people were subjects to ethnic cleansing . 
  that 's also a fact . 
  nobody is denying that . 
  i do call the 1915 events a genocide , at least in a political context . 
  in a purely scientific context that would be a longer discussion . 
  some people on this thread do n't call it a genocide . 
  nobody is denying what happened to the armenians though . 
  acknowledging the fact that armenian militias did burn down villages and kill civilians is n't genocide denier rhetoric , it 's a well documented fact . 
  denying that wo n't accomplish anything . 
  there is a shitload of documents on both turkish , armenian and russian archives proving it . 
  it also did n't help that allies have already made plans of partitioning the ottoman empire before the ottomans even joined the war . 
  russians published [ the documents ] ( http://www.kitapyurdu.com/kitap/carlik-belgelerinde-anadolunun-paylasilmasi/32153.html&amp;manufacturer_id=15600 ) proving that after the revolution ( one of the main reasons for turkish-soviet alliance was that ) . 
  it turned out that it was n't really paranoia on the ottoman part . 
  the russian controlled kars and erzurum provinces had overwhelmingly turkish populations btw. , so it still was defence of the homeland . 
  it was n't civilian armenians ' fault , nobody is blaming them . 
  also , nobody deserves that kind of treatment , no matter the crime . 
  collective punishment is a disgusting thing . 
  this does n't mean armenians were completely innocent though . 
  mentioning well documented atrocities against turkish and kurdish civilians by armenian militias together with the russian army is n't historical revisionism or genocide denial . 
  denied those never happened is actually historical revisionism . 
  a mixture of ancient anatolians , slavs from the balkans and ruthenia , greeks , armenians , iranians , arabs and other middle easterns , levantine latins , iberians and jews that came from granada , africans that came after the n. africa conquests , with a pinch of old middle asian turkic genes . 
  so the real question here is what race * are n't * the turks . 
  i do n't know about your friends ' personal experiences but i think not liking a community is n't the same as hating it 's every single member . 
  i 'm a turkish atheist so i probably had way worse experiences than europeans regarding muslims . 
  i do n't like their community and i wo n't like almost anything that comes from their social and political ideas as a group . 
  i also know enough muslims to know that every individual has different values not always conforming to their society . 
  if i did n't notice that i 'd miss out on meeting a lot of great people . 
  also , islamism is a political position , not a spiritual . 
  hating an islamist community is the same as hating a conservative , socialist or liberal community . 
  nothing to do with race or religion . 
  political position is a choice and should be criticized without the `` do n't insult my religion '' card . 
  a person 's spiritual views are his/her own business but if you politicize and create an ideology of your religion , i 'll criticize or even insult it the same way people have been doing to each others ideologies for hundreds of years . 
  i learned to not care about downvotes that much . 
  that 's reddit , what can you do . 
  should 've wrote bulgarians . 
  the word is still `` bulgar '' in turkish so i got it mixed up . 
  it means neighbour . 
  when used in a political context it always means greece . 
  wow .
