  pathetic . 
  if berkin 's a terrorist , here 's a [ pic ] ( http://media.dunyabulteni.net/haber/2014/03/12/berkin555.jpg ) from his funeral . 
  look at all these terrorist supporters ( ! ), 
  go arrest 1.5 million people there if you can . 
  they talk shit about you guys on reddit so i assumed it was a meme . 
  i did n't think the majority as dutch population actually hates the whole country or anything . 
  waffles and chocolate they say they have an aircraft carrier though i seriously doubt it dutch hate them brits hate them probably does n't even exist tintin, 
  northeastern syria is controlled by ypg . 
  isis controlled wells are in central part mostly and syrian oil is insignificant to what isis controls in iraq anyway . 
  the wells do stop on the turkish border btw , that 's why that border is drawn in the first place . 
  syria has never been an oil economy . 
  they had decent industry compared to their size but anything lootable is already looted in the northern part . 
  there is nothing to loot there , and loot is n't how wars impact economy in the modern ages anyway . 
  syria is n't really oil rich and most of the existing wells are n't even in northern syria so i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  maybe you meant northern iraq , which also does n't make sense because of turkey 's close relations with the krg . 
  here 's why akp is responsible : getting involved in the syrian civil war which was none of our business , actively helping islamist factions in the war some of which formed/joined isis later , letting islamist terrorist cells grow and recruit in turkey to help them topple assad , creating a safe haven for armed militants in turkey letting them get in the country whenever they want , legitimizing isis by calling them `` not terrorists but a bunch of angry kids '' , islamizing the society starting with the education system giving terrorists manpower and sympathy sources , politically purging the police force and getting incapable partisans in charge , refusing to focus on islamist terrorism threat ... 
  i can go on for hours . 
  it 's not that high class , upper middle class kids can go there in special occasions so there would n't be that many bodyguards etc. 
  though a lone wolf would have a hard time planning this , not to mention getting an assault rifle + lots of grenades . 
  it seems organized . 
  it 's even worse because christians in this land have celebrated christmas for centuries , not to mention ancient turkic traditions about end of the year and winter solistice so in no way is this tradition foreign to this land , whereas muslim holidays are actually foreign to western europe . 
  still would n't make it ok to hate other peoples ' traditions but this is even more moronic than that . 
  the point of the celebration is the day starts winning against night , as days get gradually longer and nights shorter after 21st . 
  the day and the night are two different beings at a state of constant war in turkic mythology . 
  the day is nicer to humans so they celebrate when it starts to win . 
  21st is the winter solistice . 
  tengriist turks were very much into astronomy considering their god was literally the sky itself . 
  they started using a 12 month calendar pretty early on and knew about the solistices . 
  21st december was the date the day god has beaten the night god in turkic mythology , so it was celebrated as nardugan ( sun 's rebirth ) . 
  the tree decoration comes from the tree of life belief which is pretty common among pagan belief systems . 
  pine trees were commom in central asia and decorating them with fruits symbolized rebirth of the nature . 
  `` this is foreign to our culture '' yeah sure . 
  stupidity knows no bounds . 
  turks have been celebreting the end of winter in the last 5-10 days of december for thousands of years , before their prophet was even born . 
  they were even decorating pine trees with apples . 
  also santa is from demre , antalya . 
  how much more local can you get ? 
  that hostility , the ignorance for other cultures as well as their own culture is what 's foreign to this land . 
  their toxic ideology is foreign here . 
  21st century and the inexplicable urge to use `` post '' everything . 
  is the world completely out of creativity , or do writers just assume their readers are too stupid to understand a new term and have to tie it to the old one even if it misses the point or makes little sense ? 
  let 's call the renaissance period post-medieval while we 're at it , and the industrial age post-renaissance or even post-post-medieval why not ? 
  i want to live in a post - `` post '' world . 
  i was referring to the immigration wave of the 1850 's to mostly russia . 
  every other developed nation had colonies to solve their overpopulation problem after the industrial population boom . 
  germany did n't so they 've gone to eastern europe . 
  i know . 
  the difference between them is just as the op described . 
  one of them believe that god sent text a , the others believe god sent text a and b. 
  that 's why i showed that as an example . 
  are the catholic god and the mormon god different ? 
  how about aloisburg ? 
  i 'm from istanbul and completely ok with that . 
  the reich would n't be completely \u00d6ster though , wester territory is also in it . 
  unless you count whole modern day germany as the east part and consider france and belgium the western part of the reich , which would be a bit problematic . 
  yeah they were our favorite occupation force . 
  they never gave shit to the local populace and did n't even try to form their own institutions , just let the local ones stay . 
  when we said we 're taking the land back they shrugged , said have a nice one and left without firing a single bullet . 
  as you said they sold their weapons , and in some instances they just left them without taking anything in return . 
  i guess they were still pissed at brits . 
  1910s in general , you 're right . 
  the thing is after the balkan wars huge turkish refugee waves from the balkans came to the area and changed the population dynamics . 
  he suspected the guy might 've been the terrorist and contacted the authorities , that was his civic duty . 
  to confirm or deny his involvement is n't his job . 
  he is n't the one who screwed up . 
  110 upvotes though . 
  he is an islamist , listen to his speech . 
  there are a shitload of islamists in the police force , courtesy of akp . 
  * kopenhag * ljubljana * be\u00e7 ( until 19 . century ), 
  yeah i wonder why nobody cares that turkey allows celebrating christmas and keeps talking about tiny issues like assasination of the fucking russian ambassador in public by a fucking police officer . 
  i think it 's because they are jealous of our new bridge , there ca n't be any other explanation . 
  i ( and also nearly everyone in this thread ) know this wo n't cause a war between turkey and russia let alone wwiii . 
  it will however disrupt relations and cause bigger problems for turkey then just that . 
  the event order aligning with franz ferdinand 's assasination brings a bit of dark humor to it . 
  i know you want to put that hard earned high school degree to good use by trying ta lecture people on reddit but please go bother someone else . 
  we 're as tense as we can be over here . 
  they actually said they want to be a part of the investigation . 
  it 's getting dark , fast . 
  no they are n't . 
  it 's not clear what he 's saying in that moment with camera turning away so i ca n't say which for sure, 
  part sounded like towns to me . 
  probably referring to syrian cities . 
  if you still need a licence it 's pretty normal . 
  french women tend to know how to carry themselves and considered to be more feminine . 
  those are cultural traits , not ethnic . 
  he probably ca n't understand why he 's still a virgin . 
  shit i just have to try that . 
  there are no artikels in turkish , feminine/masculine words as a concept does n't exist in the turkish language . 
  turkey refers to itself as the `` anayurt '' ( like the russian motherland , unlike the german fatherland ) so it 's usually referred as feminine in languages with artikels . 
  it 's `` die t\u00fcrkei '' in german for example . 
  that 's not about immigration , that 's about istanbul 's infrastructure . 
  istanbul is n't capable of having 15 million residents . 
  i 'm not anti immigrant , i welcome syrians in turkey ( those actually running away from the war , not erdo\u011fan 's bff jihadists ) but not in istanbul . 
  not because they are syrians , i 'm also strongly against migration to istanbul from within the country . 
  the problem is that not all syrians in turkey are actual refugees . 
  jihadists who ran away from the saa and ypg are accepted in the country by the akp government . 
  those violent idiots cause lots of social problems in turkey . 
  people who do n't have political understanding of the situation do n't understand that these people act this way because they are jihadists , not because they are syrians . 
  they blame all syrians for their actions . 
  akp also fans the flames by knowingly settling conservative sunni populations in majority alevi lands to change the ethnic composition which leads to frictions between communities .
