one simple question : have you read his book `` stratejik derinlik '' ? 
  he created the neo ottomanist foreign policy , there 's no doubt about this . 
  he was the foreign relations minister when we got involved in syria and he defended this involvement both by his actions and words . 
  i have heard lots of things about davuto\u011flu but calling his foreign policy successful is a first . 
  he invented the neo ottomanist policy and got turkey into the syrian shithole . 
  every bomb that goes off is partly on this idiot . 
  even if what you 've said were true , accepting the least bad one out of islamists got us in this shit in the first place . 
  erdo\u011fan posed as the moderate one in the rp . 
  unless all of that islamist bullshit is cleared without an exception we 'll remain in the same shithole . 
  davuto\u011flu is a shorter , dumber and less successful erdo\u011fan . 
  geerdink is an idiot . 
  she is supposed to be `` pro kurdish '' but she has such an uninformed childish zeal she is n't taken seriously even by hdp supporters . 
  also her patronizing tone is annoying . 
  she 's always telling turks and kurds what to do , and every time no one takes her seriously she gets a bit more annoying . 
  she literally has no idea why the laws she calls `` turkish secularism '' were passed , the circumstances and events that created them etc. 
  should n't have been deported though . 
  being an idiot is n't a crime . 
  they are sued and threatened quite often , so far they have given 0 fucks about this . 
  we all hope they keep resisting , they form a stronger opposition front than the opposition newspapers ( they sell better too ), 
  islamist `` satirical '' magazines were created by akp 's media corporations to compete with the successful left wing ones . 
  they failed horribly and are only still alive because they 're being funded by these corporations , literally no one buys them . 
  it 's a bit sad , no one told them you have to be smart to do this job , it 's not quite like ass licking in newspaper corners at orders of the government . 
  satire has to be free , smart and thought provoking , they are just provoking . 
  nice !, 
  so they want a civil war then . 
  as long as they do n't completely destroy the secular half of the country they ca n't do that . 
  i would rather deal with this shit peacefully but if its either sharia or civil war , i know what i 'll pick . 
  try this and see what this country is made of you piece of shit . 
  i 'm not going anywhere . 
  this fuckers are . 
  they can go to ksa or join isis if they want islamic rule that much . 
  turkey is secular and will remain secular . 
  not liking people because of their political stance is not racism . 
  i do n't like dutch turks supporting erdo\u011fan either . 
  does n't mean i hate my own people . 
  yeah maybe . 
  i do n't think that 's the intention though . 
  anyway , i wo n't be offended by anything people say to that underevolved ape . 
  in the west , you may be right i do n't know that much about contemporary western feminism . 
  in here feminists actually fight against real issues like rape numbers skyrocketing and islamists trying to make women second rate citizens , so your comment does n't really apply here . 
  every single feminist organization in turkey is against segregation in public transport . 
  there will always be these kind of people on these rallies . 
  if the rally is big enough , standard demographics apply . 
  if one in a thousand is fucked up , it 's enough to turn the protest violent . 
  plus the police may send undercover agents to incite violence . 
  this is common practice in turkey . 
  that 's why it 's important for these rallies to be organized and have its own security , especially if the cops would rather attack the whole rally then taking 5 idiots in custody . 
  in turkey this is common practice , there was a controversy about this a year ago . 
  same guy was photographed in a left wing , pro kurdish and turkish nationalist rally , in all of them one of the first ones to start violence . 
  so if a woman is assaulted in a mixed wagon it 's her fault , why did n't she use the pink one like a modest girl ? 
  certainly she was asking for it , why else would she use a wagon with men in it ? 
  this is a temporary solution with a real danger of becoming part of the problem . 
  same thing is being discussed in turkey but everyone except the islamists are against it . 
  any form of segregation , including ones that seem to be `` positive '' or `` choice based '' like this one , always works against the disadvantaged part . 
  instead of teaching assaulters the concept of equality we 're teaching the victims how to live with accepting sexual assault as a part of their lives . 
  i think this is wrong at so many levels . 
  this was n't a bad pr move . 
  he knew it would n't be taken down , he actually wanted the streisand effect . 
  he 'll use this to strenghten his `` big bad west out to get me '' rhetoric . 
  it 's good for domestic politics , and honestly there is n't much left to lose for him in terms of foreign image . 
  he may look like a moron but the son of a bitch knows his propaganda . 
  anyway , my thanks to these guys for saying what we ca n't . 
  the song is both on point and actually good , which is n't that common when it comes to political satire . 
  of course there are many muslims who do n't share isis 's islamist ideals . 
  in fact , they are the overwhelming majority . 
  my definition of islamism is the political form of islam . 
  i do n't think the personal belief of islam has anything to do with it . 
  they do n't even have to be moderate . 
  if islam is a personal belief , the believer could be a radical who tries to follow every single personal law of islam . 
  i still wo n't have a problem with it , people 's spirituality is their own business . 
  the problem is n't moderate vs. radical , it 's personal vs. political . 
  when people make their religion something more than a personal belief , an ideology , that 's when it becomes a problem . 
  i 've read the quran . 
  if someone 's basis of political ideas are in that book , that person has the same ideology with isis , or they never read the book / deny the simple truth and act like it 's peaceful . 
  it 's not about islam in particular . 
  i do n't think quran is that bad for its era . 
  although i 'm an atheist , i consider muhammed a good leader . 
  he was n't particularly more violent or hateful compared to his contemporaries . 
  but the book is 1400 years old . 
  the world we live in does n't even resemble the world he lived in . 
  take any religious text that ever existed and crate a political ideology out of it : it will be a hateful radical expansionist ideology . 
  quran is pretty straightforward , contrary to popular belief there is n't that much room for interpretation when it comes to important stuff . 
  if people accept that book as their spiritual guide , it 's their problem . 
  if it becomes the centerpiece of a political ideology , this ideology has to be destroyed . 
  the problem is n't radical islam , it 's political islam . 
  there is no non-radical islamism . 
  when a 1400 year old book becomes the basis of a political ideology , it ca n't live in the modern age without radicalizing . 
  i do n't have a problem with any religious belief , but when it becomes more than a religion ; a society model , an ideology ( when it stops being just islam and becomes islamism ) it is dangerous . 
  first , european liberals should stop making the same mistakes turkish liberals made . 
  there is no democratic or moderate islamism . 
  there is n't a single example against that . 
  this argument should be defended carefully , not to target every muslim person in europe . 
  what people believe in their spiritual world is their problem , when people defend a hateful radical ideology it 's everyone 's problem , and there 's no way for islam , or any other religion for that matter , to become politicized without becoming radicalized and hateful . 
  the more important part is foreign politics . 
  europe endorsed the islamist government in turkey for a long time for their own political and economic interests . 
  you may find hundreds of articles telling the story of how erdo\u011fan became an authoritarian dictator : that is just plain false . 
  he was an authoritarian dictator since day one , west just started noticing this when it started to hurt their interests in syria and iraq . 
  when it comes to syria , there are no `` moderate '' groups there . 
  moderate islamist is an oxymoron . 
  you use quran as a political source , you are radical .
