  i think intimidation from the gk 's played a part . 
  they knew they were trying to beat two incredible gk 's so they tried for harder shots trying to shoot exactly to the corners and edges of the goal and those kind of shots are missed more often . 
  cyprus ca n't be a part of any international organization or treaty without the consent of all guarantor states ( uk , turkey , greece ) according to the treaty of guarantee signed by all parties in 1960 . 
  turkey had a choice when cyprus joined the eu . 
  turkey could 've vetoed it but chose to allow it to improve relations with the eu , so the membership is legal . 
  treaty is clear in giving turkey the power to veto and turkey was clear in not using this right , there is no controversy . 
  actually there is a treaty that states cyprus can not be a part of any international organization or treaty before the island is united without the consent of all three guarantor states ( uk , turkey , greece ) . 
  turkey allowed cyprus to be a part of eu to improve the turkey-eu relations though , so we do n't get to whine . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_guarantee_ ( 1960 ) this is the treaty i wrote about . 
  article i is the ban i wrote about . 
  you guys merely adopted idiotic right wing populist politics . 
  we were born to it . 
  we were molded by it . 
  we did n't see responsible politics until ... oops that part does n't fit . 
  still have n't seen it . 
  it kinda helps . 
  the police could focus on actual terrorists instead of people erdo\u011fan calls terrorists for instance . 
  i 'm a member of a left wing organization and there is police survaillance 24/7 around our building although we 've never hurt anyone or done anything threatening ever . 
  three blocks ahead there is an islamist society building printing leaflets saying immoral homosexuals will be punished etc. 
  i 've never seen a patrol or police car around here . 
  if they 'd take a close look i bet they could find one or two isis or al qaida recruits there . 
  but no , those dirty leftists protesting the government with dangerous weapons like gas masks ( no joke , gas mask is considered an illegal to carry weapon after gezi ) are a more pressing threat to the national security aparently . 
  information is a dictator 's worst enemy . 
  same reason he bans coverage of terrorist attacks immediately after they happen , including this one . 
  there was more than one attacker . 
  he probably thought this one was done for and gone to chase the others . 
  still a shitty deal if you ask me . 
  extremely high risk / moderately good reward . 
  best case scenario is he pulls that off and farage takes the votes back next election , worst case scenario is , well , kinda happening now . 
  i kinda understand the logic behind it now that you explained it but still stupid if you ask me . 
  but even if he thought he 'd win it was close right ? 
  people do n't call referendums unless only losing condition is hell freezing over . 
  why are your politicians insisting on referendums they might not win ? 
  losing in a referendum you called is such a huge political blow and winning it does n't have that much upside anyway ( you 'd be labeled a cheap populist in any case ) no one calls a referendum without being 110 % sure they 'll win usually . 
  except brits apparently . 
  fuck it , put it to vote . 
  what 's the worst that can happen ? 
  you missed a step : mass torturing and murdering anyone that might not like the coup , starting with the leftists . 
  the army ca n't sort shit out without causing even more shit . 
  we ca n't count on them , people have to deal with erdo\u011fan themselves . 
  turkish men would never do that !, 
  for shame sir !, 
  men of anatolia have high standards and only have sex with humans ^ ^ and ^ ^ donkeys ^ ^ sometimes ^ ^ but ^ ^ we ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ really ^ ^ talk ^ ^ about ^ ^ it . 
  yeah that dirty cultists make you cut your dick off and give them all your money , whereas other respected religions make you cut just a little bit of your dick off and give them only some of your money . 
  learn the rules noobs . 
  nah , there was a big enough movement for war then . 
  edirne was de facto in turkish control because pocket defenses were resisting the occupation . 
  we would formally take it back eventually . 
  he just pulled some strings to lead the assault to devlare himself the hero . 
  the itc strategy of forming pocket defenses took edirne back . 
  he just had enough reputation to get himself to lead the assault . 
  he did n't show any military expertise or such . 
  he was still an idiot back then . 
  come on , how would he know that `` the islamic fire burning in our brave soldiers ' hearts '' was n't a good place to build your war strategy upon ? 
  seriously though , biggest idiot ever lived . 
  a germany born bar owner in istanbul did basically the same thing last world cup . 
  free beer for every goal vs. brazil . 
  he was kinda scared that the bar was packed and germany could score more than 2 . 
  poor guy . 
  could n't even celebrate . 
  they were in our group , which was arguably one of the hardest groups in qualification stage . 
  some say it 's luck but i think they 're on to something . 
  i 'd keep an eye out for them . 
  they may be capable of a surprising entry to the international stage . 
  if you 're 18 you can wear whatever the fuck you want . 
  you can put a giant horse dick in your head for all i care . 
  but i wo n't under any circumstances accept putting full tesett\u00fcr on five year olds . 
  this is child abuse . 
  i wo n't accept child abuse because we need to appeal to conservative people . 
  not everyone ran away . 
  i have no problem with people who chose to leave but commenting everyone run away it 's over in a turkey related thread is pathetic . 
  there are enough of us left to see this through . 
  i do n't give a fuck if you have hope or not , hopelessness does n't give you the right to talk shit about everyone that stayed . 
  from the gezi rebellion : `` korkan geriye ka\u00e7s\u0131n bozguncular sktirsin '' . 
  the fair and uncorrupt justice system of turkey jails 14 members of the opposition . 
  these members of the opposition just happen to be from akp-majority electoral zones . 
  akp wins the reelections , they have 14 extra seats . 
  for example : sinop electoral zone has two seats in the parliament . 
  last elections akp had about 55 % and chp about 30 % of the votes , so they gained 1 mp each . 
  if the chp sinop parliament member is arrested , there will be a reelection in sinop for one mp only . 
  akp will have the most votes and gain the seat . 
  do this 14 times , you have enough . 
  step 1 : cancel immunity step 2 : send hdp members to jail step 3 : reelections for 1-2 parliament members in the eastern provinces step 4 : win those elections because the absolute majority takes it all when the election is for 1 member only in an electoral zone . 
  50.1 % is enough , and you bet your ass the parliament members persecuted will just happen to be from cities where akp has at least 50.1 % . 
  step 5 : declare yourself the glorious padisah + khalifah pretty simple actually . 
  chp will pay for decades for their mistake in accepting this coup . 
  turkish invasion did n't break the agreement that much is right . 
  the agreement gives the involved parties the right to intervene if the status quo is disrupted , but only to reestablish the status quo . 
  preventing enosis and toppling the coup government was legal . 
  partitioning the island and founding trnc , however , was n't legal within the guarantee agreement or the international law . 
  we have the same ones in istanbul . 
  they beep every time someone gets past them because people do n't even take their phones out before passing through . 
  at first they tried to enforce it but people just did n't want to empty their pockets before passing because it 's inconvenient . 
  police tried to search everyone who carried metal but that created huge lines . 
  eventually they gave up and started to search suspicious people and huge bags only . 
  at least 30tl ( about 7.5 eu ) for a drinkable wine . 
  production is cheap but taxes are out of this world . 
  `` palavra '' actually means `` bullshit '' in turkish . 
  hdp was too passive in the latest conflict . 
  they were too conflicted .
