  there is no way around it . 
  europe should stop supporting them . 
  the people that receive arms and support from the west are the same guys bombing western cities . 
  only reason these people are in those `` moderate '' groups and not isis is not ideological or political , it 's about local power and more often who pays better . 
  every single islamist group fighting in syria , including western aligned groups , are enemies of every single secular state . 
  the guy from this video , the one that literally carves out and eats the heart of his dead enemy , is from a tow group , part of west 's syrian `` revolution '' support program https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukleziju9so ( nsfl ) and last but not least , saudi arabia and other islamist states like that should not be under any circumstances western allies . 
  they believe everything that isis does , they do everything that they do , but somehow they are allies . 
  this has to stop . 
  what isis is doing was not invented yesterday , ksa has been doing that for years . 
  the west keeps talking about how big the human rights situation in countries like n. korea is while rubbing shoulders with these maniacs . 
  not even n. korea would chop a guy 's head off in public because he 's gay . 
  in the end , i think it 's pretty easy . 
  europe , and the whole western world should have a simple policy regarding this . 
  if you 're an islamist , you 're not my friend , because even though we might get along because of realpolitik , your ideology orders you to destroy me and my culture . 
  you 'll eventually turn on me , so i 'm turning on you right now . 
  of course there 's also a moral side of the issue , supporting an `` allied '' government at the expense of it 's own people is wrong , but even if we ignore the moral argument and focus on self-preservation of europe , the result is the same . 
  islamism is the enemy , and there 's no `` moderate '' form for it . 
  i never claimed that german 's are n't to blame for wwii . 
  my argument was that nazi ideology and supporters invaded germany and not every invasion is done militarily . 
  most of the german people did n't fight against this invasion , majority even supported it . 
  again , i 'm not saying what you think i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not trying to undermine the guilt of the german people . 
  it is a metaphor which i think is parallel to what 's happening in the world right now . 
  it 's not even original , it 's ehrenburg 's if i remember correctly . 
  i think what nazi ideology did to german people was far worse than any punishment by the allies could ever achieve . 
  i never said they did n't deserve it . 
  my point is that if europe as a whole understood what their ideology really was before it seemed to pose no threat to anyone else than germans , so much pain and destruction could be avoided . 
  i understand how anti-nazi germans in the wwii feel , my country has a brutal `` elected '' dictator . 
  it was the farthest thing from a fair election , but still , he got elected . 
  now he 's helping poison the middle east , which poisons europe . 
  he did n't just start hurting people , he 's been doing that for 13 years straight but before this shitstorm reached europe , all europe saw was a trade partner . 
  now eu is trying to cut a deal with him about refugees , just like europe cut a deal with hitler on sudetland and ignored the anschluss . 
  every concession he manages to get will immediately hurt turkish people , and eventually whole europe , because ideologies based on hate like nazism and islamism is never content just destroying their own people , they always try to extend their reach . 
  my point is , people should fight against expansionist hate ideologies before it starts to hurt them personally , because sooner or later they will , and they 're much easier to stop before they get momentum . 
  i never intended to justify german people for the crimes committed in the wwii , this has nothing to do with my argument . 
  wow . 
  calm down . 
  german culture is bigger than some germans that lived in the first half of 20th century . 
  i 'm not trying to undermine the guilt of the german people , i 'm just trying to say that this ideology destroyed and twisted german identity , culture , art , science , and everything else that made germans a nation . 
  a thousand year old culture was wounded by them , and have n't fully recovered to this day . 
  i think that 's worse than any invasion imaginable . 
  yes , people who supported him were as guilty as possible . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's bad that german identity and culture had to suffer for it . 
  i 'm not even saying it should n't have , just that it 's a bad thing . 
  i understand that everyone 's on edge right now , but still , try to calm down a little . 
  i 'm not saying what you think i 'm saying . 
  yes . 
  not every invasion is done militarily . 
  nazis destroyed german people , culture and identity before doing the same to whole europe . 
  hating nazis was easy when they were invading europe , we should 've done something when they 've invaded germany . 
  same with islamism , we should 've done more when it invaded the middle east . 
  europe should n't have watched and even endorsed when islamism invaded turkey . 
  it 's still not too late . 
  this wo n't destroy belgium . 
  belgium keeps getting mocked for being a `` non-country '' , not being a nation state . 
  well , they 've lived through some of the bloodiest wars being fought on their soil , they survived strongest armies of their era marching through their land , and they 're still here . 
  they 're much stronger than people give them credit for , this wo n't bring them down . 
  from the country that 's living through what europe started to experience now continuously for the last few years , my deepest condolences and a piece of advice : it wo n't just go away . 
  they wo n't `` learn '' and `` understand '' or anything . 
  we have to show zero tolerance to islamism , whether in our own countries or abroad . 
  there 's no other way . 
  does n't matter if you want anything to do this fight or not . 
  they see every single one of us as their enemies . 
  fighting or not is not a choice . 
  europe 's been through much worse . 
  if europe actually decides to fight against the middle ages once more , i 'm sure their end will be the same as the other middle ages ' ( church , monarchies , nazis etc. ), 
  that tried to destroy this culture before . 
  this one 's for the fallen : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l_bpmjifv4 i know belgium will stay strong , history has shown us that much . 
  let 's hope rest of us can do the same . 
  + `` i think the israeli state policy of continuosly grabbing more land from palestinians , expulsion of arabs and war crimes are bad and international community shoul do something about it '' - `` omg did you hear that anti semite i 'm pretty sure he has a portrait of hitler on his wall and wants to destroy the jewish race and thinks holocaust is cool '' i hate my own state 's foreign policy and the stuff it does to minorities . 
  it does n't make me anti turkish . 
  being persecuted and massacred before does n't give you a blank check to do whatever you want to other people later . 
  it was n't palestinians ' fault jewish people did n't have a homeland . 
  now it 's israel 's fault palestinians do n't have a homeland . 
  actually , no . 
  before israel , middle east was much more tolerant of jews than europe . 
  almost all jews living in istanbul came from spain , for example . 
  they settled in iberia during the muslim reign and ran away to the ottoman empire from the spanish inquisition . 
  i 'm not saying that there were n't any problems for jews living in muslim countries ( jizya was a pain in the ass ) but they had it incomparably better than their brethren in europe until israel was formed.y, 
  i stated that this bombing does n't fit dhkp-c style , as they never did something like that ( suicide bombing civilians ) . 
  you said that they did . 
  this is the discussion we are having , not whether dhkp-c has killed civilians or not . 
  so , i will write my claim again : dhkp-c has never attacked random civilians on a street like the sultanahmet bomber did , so it does n't make any sense to blame dhkp-c over this particular incident . 
  if you think that what i wrote here is wrong , we can discuss that . 
  we are , however , not discussing if dhkp-c ever killed civilians . 
  please read before replying . 
  point out a single dhkp-c attack against random civilians . 
  none of these attacks are aimed at random civilians . 
  i know what they did . 
  the target of sultanahmet bombing does n't match dhkp-c 's . 
  they never attacked a group of random people on a street before . 
  do n't worry about us . 
  they censor internet so often everyone in turkey found a way around it . 
  even my grandfather has vpn installed on his browser . 
  except that the main reason akp won the last elections was their promises of peace and stability . 
  yelling and cursing at various `` enemies of state '' may work well , people do n't like their chances of getting blown up though . 
  they will try to downplay this . 
  dhkp-c has never bombed a civilian target to this day . 
  they did use suicide bombers against the police , never civilians though . 
  they do n't care though .
