  opposition media will ignore the ban and keep reporting , especially internet portals . 
  that 's a pretty dialectic approach actually , but half of it . 
  every system has to either go forward or backward , staying still is n't possible . 
  backwards is n't the only direction though . 
  secular people of this country have n't said the last word . 
  he was a member of the cup but cup was n't a political party in the modern sense , it was a wide coalition . 
  the modernist wing including mustafa kemal was taken from power by the turanist three pa\u015fa coup . 
  he had no political power in 1914-1923 in the party . 
  if he had , the empire would never have even joined the wwi . 
  personally , he spent 1915 in gallipoli , far away from the eastern anatolia . 
  he literally had nothing to do with it , at a political or military level . 
  it 's safe to assume he did n't like it in a philosophical level too , since personally he was always against collective punishment especially in a national scale . 
  he refused to step on a greek flag while entering \u0130zmir as a response to konstantin stepping over a turkish flag , saying `` we fought people who wanted to invade our homeland , not a whole nation . 
  i will not insult a whole nation like that '' . 
  never . 
  this is a republic . 
  the last guy who declared himself the sultan was n't allowed to even travel to turkey . 
  the latest wannabe will get the same treatment , sooner or later . 
  this country will never belong to a single maniac again . 
  his main sentiment was `` to take turkey to the level of modern civilizations and above '' . 
  he was n't always ( read : mostly ) ok with the dominant western foreign policy , especially when it came to the rising fascism in the 30 's . 
  he never followed the western approach blindly . 
  he was open to cooperation with the west , but did n't shy away from disagreement either . 
  he 's a symbol for the secular , modern turkey . 
  before akp those occasions were looked down upon by the left too , right now we need that symbolism . 
  standing at attention at 9:05 november 10th is a rebel sign against akp now . 
  i 'd like to see him try . 
  we 'd get to have that civil war he wanted so bad after all . 
  he is n't entirely wrong . 
  yeah d\u00f6ner is from around here but traditionally it 's eaten with rice on as \u0130skender in turkey . 
  making d\u00f6ner sandwiches as fast food is an almanc\u0131 invention . 
  they did n't invent the food but they did invent the concept . 
  that 's putting too much power to the individuals . 
  an individual is n't the best choice for anyone because she is n't the choice just the representative . 
  the party she represents can find another leader to represent itself . 
  that way personalities do n't become a defining factor in politics , only political positions do . 
  at least that 's the theory for parliamentary democracies . 
  for presidental systems , it 's just meant to be a speedbump for wannabe autocrats . 
  in practice this can and did fail many times , the concept makes sense though . 
  so real german expertise is n't in engineering or comedy , they 're just really good at trolling the brits . 
  that 's . . a pretty nice skill to have actually . 
  the main reason non-akp supporter people believe this is the kemalist ex-generals saying so , actually . 
  they know the army inside out and they have no reason to lie , they hate erdo\u011fan too . 
  it 's pretty clear when you take a look at the plotters ' resumes . 
  that was good but ... idk , it just feels wrong . 
  german humour 's supposed to suck . 
  even making by good comedy you guys prevent people from laughing by killing the memes . 
  do n't kill the memes guys , go engineer something and let the brits make fun of stuff . 
  do n't mess with the world order , that does n't end well for anyone . 
  seriously though , that was good . 
  erdo\u011fan rounds up hdp mp 's . 
  kemalists : `` it 's ok they were terrorists . 
  besides , where were they when they took cumhuriyet writers ? '', 
  kurds : `` it 's ok they were fascists . 
  besides , where were they when akp destroyed kurdish towns ? '', 
  akp destroys kurdish towns . 
  kemalists : `` it 's ok they were terrorists , besides , where were the kurds when erdo\u011fan purged kemalists with ergenekon ? '', 
  kurds : `` it 's ok they were fascists ... '' the cycle continues . 
  history repeats itself , first as tragedy , ~ ~ second ~ ~ 2596th time as farce . 
  he purged kemalists long before the coup with ergenekon already . 
  he 's rounding up the leftovers with the cumhuriyet and academy operations . 
  fascists love erdo\u011fan , he wo n't touch them . 
  it became obvious after a few hours that g\u00fclenists were behind it . 
  kemalists ( officers and civilians alike ) did n't support it . 
  it was two islamist factions fighting each other , no one would carry an atat\u00fcrk portrait on either side . 
  their so-called ties with fet\u00f6 was the reason it seems . 
  fun fact : akp stopped publication of cumhuriyet in 2005 because [ they revealed akp-fet\u00f6 ties . 
  humanity and humanism are not natural concepts , they are agreed upon constructs . 
  militant jihadists refuse ans ignore the concept of humanity not as individuals , but as organizations . 
  other organizations do that too but they try to find an excuse , which makes their crimes only a breach of that contract . 
  islamists refuse that altogether with pride and openly mock the concept of human rights by even using slavery openly . 
  i do n't think human rights should apply to those who ignores it like that , at least while in combat . 
  if they are caught they should be judged by the rules of the country they are in of course , being subjects to human rights . 
  in combat , while they are a practical part of their organization , i think stuff like this is fair game , however disgusting it feels . 
  down with the tyrants , long live the republic !, 
  take the streets today my fellow turkish redditors , republic wo n't defend itself . 
  the whole communism thing started with well of westerners complaining about capitalism . 
  engels even owned a factory . 
  there 's a theory explaining why this is the case . 
  it 's about free time and ability to reach sources on economy/philisophy/politics etc. 
  long story short most theorists of collectivist theories will come from the ranks of petty bourgeoisie . 
  i 'm too lazy to explain it fully here , look it up . 
  my point is n't about religious individuals , but heads of religious organizations like this case . 
  i do n't have any problem with their right to comment on anything either , i just do n't think i can take any of them seriously about this after their horrible hiatories . 
  they can talk about it , i obviously did n't mean it should be banned or anything . 
  it 's just that no one sane would take any religion seriously over perversion as the most perverted things known to mankind like the crusades , inquisition , islamic terror , public stonings etc. 
  are their inventions . 
  catholics ( or any other religion that i know of ) has no right to talk about perversion , but i think to open a mcdonalds or any other fast food restaurant at such a historic site that should be preserved is not a good idea . 
  exactly . 
  i would be angry if my gf turned out to be gay . 
  not because she 's gay , because she lied to me and herself for all that time . 
  that 's a pretty good reason to get pissed , does n't have anything to do with tolerance . 
  prison sentence is n't a violation of body autonomy . 
  death penalty is . 
  oh yes , he 's the best one . 
  the living proof that you do n't need alcohol or drugs , islam gets you way higher . 
  if only we could have a gay jewish greek atheist who hates islam as the president now ... 
  the argument is pretty genious actually . 
  we 'll throw a stone from edirne to your border and claim the land inbetween because it 's a stone throw away . 
  we 'll set up a new border and throw the stone again .
