  if both sides agreed to demilitarization of the aegean sea and free passage of non-military vessels the issue would be redundant and you can draw the borderline whenever you like basically . 
  crazy nationalists on both sides have territorial claims , business as usual . 
  greece also officially claims the 12 mile territorial water which is de facto non-existent and impossible due to the unique situation in the aegean sea . 
  like every single international dispute , both sides claim that it 's completely the other side 's fault . 
  there is n't real tension there either . 
  my neighbour used to be a pilot in the military . 
  he said they crossed over to the grey zone whenever they wanted dogfight training , and greek pilots did the same . 
  nobody even tries to use their weapons in these , they wave each other off and go home afterwards . 
  it 's a joke basically . 
  military personnel , strategists , politicians in turkey , greece , eu and un know that this will never escalate to an actual conflict . 
  the irredentist `` hurr durs our nation great lets take the lands we lost 100 years ago '' people on both sides do n't , so they will vote for the sides who look hawkish and uncompromising and politicians pander to them because they 'll lose votes if they do n't . 
  did you notice that whenever the economy of either turkey or greece goes to shit the issue comes up again ? 
  that 's basic politics for you . 
  `` yeah you 're poor as fuck but wait until we show that greek/turkish bastards who rules the aegean sea ! '', 
  works every time , sadly . 
  yeah i looked it up and you might have a point , the official name of \u0130mroz was changed to g\u00f6k\u00e7eada at 1970 . 
  i do n't know much about it 's history but noth names are used interchangeably by the locals . 
  the name bozcaada is pretty old though , there 's a naval battle between ottomans and venetians that took place there in 1698 and it 's the `` battle of bozcaada '' in the ottoman documents . 
  none of this matters though . 
  regardless of how the islands have two different names in two different languages . 
  so what ? 
  most places in europe have even more than two . 
  i have no fear of greeks and can only hope that greeks have no fear of turks too . 
  the borders are what they are and they are n't changing , nationalists on both sides have to deal with that . 
  clinging on to the past is stupid . 
  it 's also laughable that people that live almost a hundred years after the war ca n't do what atat\u00fcrk and venizelos did , who actually lived through the war . 
  the grey zone dispute is about uninhabited islands , territorial waters and demilitarization agreements . 
  it 's an easily solvable dick measuring contest where both sides are pandering to their local nationalists . 
  it has nothing to with any of this . 
  bozcaada is tenedos , imros is g\u00f6k\u00e7eada . 
  \u0130mroz is actually used interchangeably with g\u00f6k\u00e7eada in turkish . 
  the name kardak ( which hosted one of the stupidest and funniest crises known to mankind ) was used historically by ottoman sailors too . 
  those names are n't made up . 
  well , i guess technically they are made up just like any other city name in any other language , but they were created by turkic sailors naturally , before the ottoman invasions . 
  the islands imros and tenedos belong to turkey now , that 's what 's turkish about them . 
  you 're being irredentist yourself while pointing out to turkish irredentism . 
  the borders are fine , everyone should leave them alone . 
  ( bozcaada is hard to translate , it would mean something like `` the greyish island '' in english . ), 
  oh come on turkey does have a history with the islands , nothing to do with claiming them . 
  this has nothing to do with erdo\u011fan 's grandiose dreams , that 's a cultural thing . 
  almost every culture has some city names different from the original . 
  i would guess that greek government uses greek names for turkish cities and i have no problem with that either . 
  most people do n't know the name lesbos in here for example , it 's midilli in turkish . 
  nothing to with claiming it , that 's just the translation . 
  from using the name in your language to claiming foreign land , that 's a huge stretch . 
  i honestly did n't even think greek people would be offended by that . 
  the name bozcaada was n't invented after lausanne btw. , it was used by the ottomans even before a single turk has set foot on the island . 
  it has different names in different languages . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
   turkish officers refer to kasos with its turkish name - \u00c7oban - hinting that the island is another one of their `` gray zones '' !, 
  what ? 
  we have turkish names for almost all the greek islands plus same mainland cities . 
  this is pretty normal for lots of nations . 
  greeks call \u0130stanbul constantinople , is that a claim too ? 
  this is just a language difference , the journalist is looking for things that are n't there . 
  a cool one : we call the city of orsha in belarus `` adakale '' . 
  i guess we have territorial claims there , who knew . 
  you can check out this list for more : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_names_of_european_cities_in_different_languages, 
  i blame both sides actually . 
  you ignore the greek sides ' faults so i have to point them out . 
  i had the same discussion with a turkish nationalist about a week ago at / r/turkey and i mostly wrote about what turks did wrong there . 
  i just despise nationalism and how it distorts history for it 's agenda . 
   your former prime minister said that the invasion would have happened even if no muslims lived in cyprus at all . 
  turkish prime minister menderes declared that cyprus is turkish 20 years before the invasion . 
  turkey collaborated with the british regime to create turkish units to suppress the independence movement of the cypriots and divide them along religious lines . 
  screw them all . 
  one of my proudest historical moments for my country is hanging menderes . 
  the actual operation was necessary however , and greeks did a lot to fuel nationalism there too together with turkey and uk . 
  civilians were murdered in crete . 
  there is nothing that can justify that . 
  maybe if they were n't that scared of getting ethnically cleansed they would n't side with the ottomans . 
  people value protection of their and their families ' lives above all else , hence turkish cypriots hanging on to the turkish guarantee . 
  if they think they will be murdered , they side with whoever would defend them , whether they agree with them or not . 
  ottoman invasion is literally ancient history . 
  ottoman ruling class did n't even consider themselves turks at the era they invaded cyprus . 
  punishing civilians for that decades later does n't make any sense . 
  considering greek and turkish people co-founders at a federal cyprus would mostly ease any concerns . 
  together with precautions to prevent armed forces from belonging to a single ethnic group , the issue would be solved quiet fast . 
  i was n't talking about turkey but turkish cypriots , bringing turkey into the discussion wo n't help you for you 'll find out that i probably share your position on what went wrong after the occupation and the current erdo\u011fan government . 
  do n't forget why the occupation happened . 
  that does n't excuse what has happened after the intervention , but the ethnic cleansing was n't started by the turkish cypriots . 
   if greeks and kurds in turkey get the same treatment why not . 
  i actually think they should , but that 's beside the point . 
  i do n't believe all greek cypriots are murderers of course but everyone knew that enosis would end up with turks getting killed or exiled off the island . 
  the same thing happened in crete . 
  they did n't want to relive that . 
  i do n't think a war like that will happen in my lifetime but how about a 50 years later ? 
  how about 100 ? 
  they want to make sure that 's impossible to ever happen again , plain and simple . 
  again , i 'd be happy to discuss erdo\u011fan 's dictatorship with you but that 's beside to point . 
  the greek side has to convince turkish cypriots that they are safe , not turkey . 
  northern cyprus has enough political power to pull this off even if turkey objects . 
  not sure that turkey will object even with erdo\u011fan but that 's another discussion . 
  [ demre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demre ) , the birthplace of [ santa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_nicholas ) . 
  there 's stuff they can do and they 're doing it by electing pro-unification presidents and supporting peace deals but they are getting rejected by the greek side every step of the way . 
  greek cypriots are the majority , they are safe . 
  those safety concessions are always done in favour of the minorities they are a minority in numbers , but they want more recognition than that as co-founders of the republic . 
  cyprus does n't have to be unitarian . 
  they did agree to just be a minority in a unitarian cyprus once and we all know how that 's gone . 
  it is natural that they want more checks and balances this time and nobody can blame them .
