  even if we 'll be represented by the ottomans , osman i , mehmed ii and many other padishahs were arguably more succesful than suleiman . 
  the concept of the ottoman civ is a bit orientalist , the guy who affected europe the most is the leader . 
  the heritage and culture matter more than the double standards . 
  if hagia sophia would become a mosque all the ancient frescs paintings etc. 
  would be destroyed because it 's haram to have paintings in a mosque . 
  if it would become a church than the minarets and islamic engravings in there built by sinan would be destroyed . 
  this is why it has to stay a museum . 
  both identities of the building are both our and the whole world 's heritage . 
  no one 's touching either . 
  hagia sophia is a museum and she will stay a museum . 
  there 's a limit on what he can and ca n't do . 
  he 's pushing his luck too much lately . 
  this must be a joke right ? 
  istanbul is amazing right now . 
  traffic is fine , metro and busses do n't have 98475 people per wagon , you can walk in istiklal without bumping to someone every fucking step , you can actually find a table at bars at any hour etc. 
  it is still pretty much alive and lively , tourist destinations still have people but a normal number of them . 
  this is how this city is supposed to be , it is overcrowded as fuck . 
  this has nothing to do with tourists btw , this breeze of fresh air is felt every holiday in istanbul . 
  there are almost 15 million people here , half of them leaving to see their relatives effects the croowdedness much more than tourist numbers . 
  it is true that tourism took a big hit here and this is effecting the economy but you ca n't affect a misplanned 15m populated city 's demographics and crowdedness with a few tourists . 
  i 'm on reddit because people i 'm drinking with are boring as fuck and i 'm too polite to fuck off so a written argument would work better . 
  same for when you 're at work , in class or taking a shit , which is where most people browse reddit . 
  just something to consider . 
  highest rated comment here is discussing that particular sign though . 
  when i opened the photo i tried to decipher it before reading others . 
  it 's supposed to make you heard and it 's working nicely i 'd say . 
  yeah you too . 
  though i 'm not sure if we 're at the opposite sides at this . 
  we 're probably not at the exactly same side but i do n't want my country to meddle with what should 've been cyprus ' internal affairs either , unless the turkish community in the island is faces an immediate threat . 
  pretty much the same situation in turkey . 
  they do n't like syrian immigrants though , they introduced harsh competition to the begging market . 
  turkey did n't try to stop cyprus from joining eu actually . 
  government was trying to gain progress in turkey eu negotiations and most of the turkish cypriot community wanted cyprus to join too . 
  people thought cyprus was close to unification than , so no one really wanted to disrupt the relations . 
  rauf denkta\u015f opened this discussion claiming that turkey had a right to block cyprus ' eu membership and should use it to prevent the cyprus greek adm. from gaining the upper hand , turkish foreign ministry ended the discussion by formally saying they wo n't do that . 
  uk sees the treaty as a guarantee for their bases there and want to keep it intact as much as possible , so if turkey tried to invoke the treaty they probably would 've vetoed cyprus ' membership . 
  there are some parts of lausanne that more or less gives turkey the right to intervene to protect turkish minorities outside its borders so that 's probably what cem 's talking about , but in no way does it give turkey any territorial claims outside its borders except the exceptions i write above . 
  in fact it does the opposite of that , turkey rejects being a continuation of the ottoman empire with the treaty , denouncing any claims for former ottoman posessions . 
  yeah that was the reason for the law but it was extended to nato membership for example by interpreting the article as that the ban on `` political or economic union with a state '' also covers `` political or economic union with multiple states at the same time '' . 
  for un membership it was n't . 
  logically speaking , that article should only prevent enosis , taksim or any further british claims and cyprus should be allowed to join any political organizations they want . 
  the legal situation is open to interpretation however . 
  by the way i took a look at the document you sent ( could n't read it whole , summer semestre started an i 'm knee deep in hw ) and saw a part about if lausanne gave turkey a right on cyprus . 
  why was that added there , did someone claim lausanne gave cyprus to turkey at this point ? 
  because it is extremely clear that turkey publicly denied rights to any territory outside the misak-\u0131 milli borders even befor lausanne and ratified it with the treaty , which includes present day turkey + mosul , kirkuk and alexandropolis . 
  by the time conflict started those issues were settled too . 
  turkey does n't have any territorial claim to any territory it does n't control since the end of wwii . 
  nothing to do but to immigrate to uk than . 
  mediterreanean and balkan countries in the eu , or every eu country with a less competitive economy than switzerland is basically fucking up their internal market and economy in this deal . 
  what they get in return is eu funds and free movement which gets them skill + capital to improve their economy . 
  that does n't always work , but that 's the plan anyway . 
  you want free access to their less developed inner market , fuck up competition there and have giant profits , while giving nothing back . 
  that wo n't work . 
  of course switzerland is a sovereign country that might choose to put their cultural preservation first , i respect that . 
  if that 's the case , why the hell would romania open their market for you ? 
  they certainly are n't the same . 
  taraf distorted stories and knowingly lied for a political purpose , they were a part of the conflict they were reporting . 
  d\u00fcndar is n't a part of this conflict , he hates both akp and g\u00fclen and reveals their dirty laundry whenever he can , without any distortion in the original story , no matter what 's the cost . 
  taraf was well loved and rewarded for their `` journalism '' by the government , d\u00fcndar is threatened but he still keeps writing . 
  both taraf 's stories and d\u00fcndar 's are revealed as a result of inner state conflict . 
  the difference is d\u00fcndar reported these as a journalist whereas taraf did it as akp hitmen . 
  does n't matter . 
  d\u00fcndar is n't a part of neither `` sides '' of the state and when their conflict started revealing all their shit , he was the one that had the guts to write this story which he knew perfectly well that it would cost him dearly ( it did ) . 
  he did follow up on the story by the way , or tried to before going to trial for it . 
  he had the sources to learn it , guts to write it , talent to see it for what it actually is and determination to try to follow it . 
  if this is n't damn good journalism i do n't know what is . 
  i 'm pretty sure the laws eu wants to abolish are n't the ones about preventing suicide attacks . 
  abolishing them would make it harder for erdo\u011fan to jail journalists , politicians and academics though , so there is that . 
  pretty ironic actually because these laws eu wants abolished have been recently used to jail the journalist can d\u00fcndar who brought some islamist terrorist organizations in turkey and syria and their material support networks into light . 
  if they 'd let that guy work terrorists would have a harder time actually . 
  so would erdo\u011fan though , since those support networks for terrorists kinda converge into him . 
  turkey needs a major shift for that . 
  turkey needs a major shift regardless of the eu membership , we 're going down pretty fast right now . 
  after we make this country free and secular again this can be discussed . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd want to be a part of the eu after that however . 
  most pro eu sentiments in turkey want us to be members to increase the human rights and freedom situation here . 
  kinda weird because that increase is a prerequisite of becoming a member . 
  if we manage to save the country anyway and turn turkey into a secular democracy with a stable economy , i do n't think i 'd want to be a part of the eu . 
  i mean if it stays in its current state without further political union , yeah maybe , but the current state does n't look that managable they need further integration to be viable . 
  many people here would n't want to be a part of that , they only want democratic and economic benefits it would bring . 
  i do feel european but that 's not the only identity i have , and i 've been brought up by two pretty western minded atheists . 
  most of the country will always be even further away than that . 
  economic integration , further alliance and friendship , establishing turkey 's permanent place in the europe , yeah i 'm down for all those . 
  actual membership to a political union , that can wait . 
  we need to straighten up the country before any of those can even be discussed anyway , and nobody knows when that will happen or what will eu look like by the time that happens . 
  shit we can use it too ? 
  time to go the uk to steal those delicious jobs . 
  come on guys , we got two years left . 
  it 's great that he 's down to earth but there are security concerns . 
  i hope french police is taking precautions . 
  if isis takes this as an opportunity and hurts that guy that 'll be the last drop . 
  turkey 's argument is that trnc is a temporary institution that was founded because the conditions for the re-establishment of the treaty was being blocked by greece and greek cypriot government . 
  official turkish stance calls the trnc a temporary solution while the treaty is being re-established . 
  that 's why turkey did n't want any other state to recognize it ( pakistan offered to formally recognize the country , turkey refused ) turkey sees the treaty still as in effect . 
  also , settlement offers like the annan plan talked about continuation of the treaty , while other plans talked about cancellation , meaning that the treaty is still in place . 
  uk also does n't want to lose its sway over the island so they would probably abide by the treaty if turkey invoked the right to veto . 
  so would the un , as they 've shown that they still recognize the treaty with the annan plan . 
  whether cyprus and eu would abide by it or ignore it will never be known , since turkey did n't veto . 
  i do n't support the partition and any foreign military presence in the island btw . 
  i just explained the legal situation .
