  repeat this enough times for world domination . 
  the british channel will be hard though . 
  are we allowed to use catapults ? 
  some islamist `` historians '' claim that atat\u00fcrk was never even in gallipoli ( despite mountains of evidence ) . 
  it gets really weird one maniac even claimed that the battle of gallipoli was won because allah sent wild animals from the gallipoli forests to eat the brits . 
  the best part is there was n't even forests there back then , the forestation was done artificially in the 40s . 
  islamists do n't have a great relationship with facts . 
  if they were capable of separating actual history and bs conspiracy they would n't be islamists in the first place . 
  islamists have a twisted conspiracy based understanding of wwi history involving atat\u00fcrk being a british agent ( gallipoli was part of the plan i guess ) and trying to make turkey lose as much land as possible and later `` christianizing '' ( they mean secularizing ) the land that was left to us . 
  he 's not mad enough to actually claim greek territory . 
  that 's a domestic politics move , he 's trying to hurt atat\u00fcrk 's legitimacy by attacking lausanne . 
  makes sense . 
  there are far less licensed women chess players than men . 
  women 's tournaments are a form of positive discrimination to get more women to win awards and get women interested in chess . 
  it 's not like sports though , there is n't total segregation . 
  men ca n't compete in women 's tournaments but women can , and do compete in general tournaments . 
  there indeed are women considered top players of their time , but their numbers in top tiers are proportional to their percentage in general chess players . 
  fa\u00e7a is also the slang word for face in turkish . 
  wonder what 's the origin . 
  also `` fa\u00e7a atmak '' is slang for cutting yourself with a knife/razor etc. 
  last elections , trustable pollsters who usually find something close to truth were completely off with about 10-15 % mistake . 
  erdo\u011fan supporting polling companies who lie before every election showing akp 5-10 % higher for public perception were off too , akp got even 5 % higher than they `` polled '' . 
  easiest thing to think is fraud , but people all over the country got reports from over 90 % of the ballot boxes , they did cheat like always but it was n't over 2-3 % . 
  how do you explain that ? 
  it 's more than that . 
  people just lie in the polls . 
  do n't ask me why , they just do . 
  in turkey we constantly have over 80 % participation in elections , and polls are still always wrong . 
  is there any incident other than that egyptian guy ? 
  by `` expelling greeks '' i guess you 're referring to the population exchange v. greece and turkey . 
  it was mutual . 
  treaty of sevres was signed by ottomans before the independence war , it never even entered into force because the turkish people did n't accept it . 
  what actually set the terms of the end of the ottomans and foundation of the republic was treaty of lausanne , sevres would keep ottoman monarchy alive . 
  sevres was signed in 1920 btw , but you think it somehow affected something that happened in 1915 . 
  i understand that you want to join the circlejerk , everyone needs to feel loved and accepted but please read a little about the stuff you 're trying to write . 
  not protesters , jihadists . 
  they are n't that many of them either despite free buses , erdo\u011fan 's call , constant harassment with text messages and almost fanatical media support . 
  this is what these jihadist bastards did to pro-coup soldiers on bosphorus bridge . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elnaoy3a-ky ( nsfl ) these are conscripted soldiers who probably do n't even know wtf is going on . 
  they did n't fire upon people and they surrendered to police , leaving their weapons . 
  those `` protesters '' = isis . 
  no difference at all . 
  almost no one supports the coup on the secularist side but that does n't mean we have to support erdo\u011fan either . 
  being elected ( with a shit ton of fraud , but that 's another story ) does n't make erdo\u011fan 's rule democratic . 
  one non-democratic power fights with another , the sane thing here to do is to say fuck you to both of them , which is what secular people are doing . 
  islamist dictatorship is fighting with people who want a military dictatorship . 
  both sides are assholes , we do n't have to pick one . 
  this is valid , of course , if there really was a coup attempt . 
  there are signs pointing at an erdo\u011fan plot , considering how organized he was especially for the aftermath . 
  it 's still too early and blurry to tell for sure , but there are some strong arguments for this theory . 
  turkey has seen plenty of coups , both succesful and unsuccesful . 
  none of them seemed anything like this one . 
  yeah . 
  erdo\u011fan seems like as bad as it gets but the country has seen a few coups . 
  they always happen when everyone says `` yeah well it ca n't be worse '' and it 's always worse . 
  like thousands tortured and killed worse . 
  i 've been fighting erdo\u011fan regime since i was a teenager in high school and want him gone more than anyone , but not like that . 
  i hope the reports are false or we 're pretty fucked over here . 
  yeah i know my country is ruled by an islamist dictator . 
  i know how badly things are going for us , trust me . 
  and it 's still illegal here to do shit like that . 
  that was the point . 
  uk has done her fair share strenghtening islamists in the me too , btw . 
  does n't justify shit erdo\u011fan did on of course , but turkey is pretty far from being the only country with blood on her hands . 
  nah , italians never go to war without allies . 
  fighting alone makes it harder to switch sides . 
  in 2002 and 2008 this aggressive and stubborn playstyle worked . 
  it does n't have to work every time , but it is the character of the turkish team and players that are called to the national team have to play that way . 
  i do n't give a fuck we were eliminated , croatia and spain are both amazing teams . 
  the problem is everyone in the team were ok with those results . 
  in the czechia match even when we were leading 2-0 in the 80th minute they were doing everything they could to turn this around against almost impossible odds . 
  this is how turkish fans want their team to play , winning or losing is secondary . 
  in the spain match the spanish team got the lead it the 34 . minute and our team was like `` ok guys we lost lets start packing '' . 
  losing to spain is understandable , losing without fighting is not . 
  an event that big in the world we live in , it is almost certain that someone somewhere tried to turn it into a bloodbath . 
  the fact that no terror attacks happened in a giant organization spanning multiple cities like this means the french authorities did an amazing job . 
  also the compulsory hooligan fighting was sorted out quickly without much damage . 
  the tournament was a bit boring . 
  i do n't think attacking football and goals are the only things that make football beautiful . 
  i do enjoy watching solid , organized defensive teams too but where international football is going is far beyond that . 
  higher stakes made everyone play incredibly cowardly , especially after group stages . 
  watching two teams mutually park the bus is definitely not fun to watch . 
  watching my country play like absolute shit was also was n't that fun . 
  we were probably the most soulless team in the whole tournament . 
  fuckers played like someone forced them to get on the field . 
  it 's the fucking european tournament , if you 're incapable of at least enjoying playing there just fuck off and let players that actually want to play take your place . 
  i would be much happier if we joined the tournament with a full team of inexperienced youngsters and lost every match compared to those band of idiots who forgot to pack their soul coming to france . 
  on the plus side , iceland was great and not only because everyone likes an underdog . 
  their solid physical counterattack strategy introduced some much needed variation to the slow possession game almost everyone plays nowadays . 
  portugal finally winning something was also nice . 
  if they deserved to win this one is arguable ( if anyone deserved to win this one is arguable ) but they deserved to win something for the last few decades now . 
  also , though few in number , almost every single goal was amazing . 
  so thanks france , congrats portugal , and everyone needs to get their shit together for the world cup . 
  the whole situation seems like a compilation of legal loopholes and stretches used by islamists to prevent members of their community from leaving them and integrating to me . 
  it 's uk citizens ' business how to handle that , but i sure as hell do n't want anything like that in my country . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i hope you guys sort it out , this community within community with conflicting ideals shit can quickly become dangerous . 
  i was referring to that specific case in the video as an example . 
  the part i 'm talking about is a woman wanting a divorce because her husband rapes and beats her . 
  the `` judges '' advise her to get back together with the maniac .
