  someone who 's offended by non-islamic architecture would n't feel comfortable here . 
  also ancient greek ruins like ephesos are carefully preserved and among the most popular tourist attractions in turkey . 
  no , it does n't and it never will be . 
  it has n't been a church for about 600 years . 
  if making the original building 1500 years ago gives you a right over it , muslims have a far better case since if it were n't for mimar sinan it would 've been destroyed by it 's own faulty architecture by now . 
  it is a museum , a shrine of learning and culture . 
  there are plenty of churches and mosques in the area if anyone needs one . 
  turning it into a church would mean destroying the tu\u011fras , mihrab and minarets which are important historical artifacts on their own , turning it into a mosque would mean destroying the mosaics , frescos and ancient tombs . 
  nobody will be allowed to commit such a crime against future generations , either way . 
  anyway , it 's nobodies bussiness but ours so this is n't even discussion . 
  edit : if anyone wants to answer him do n't even bother he 's alt-right . 
  his diplomatic skill is so low setting it to 0 would be an insult to enrique . 
  we would 've gotten away with it if it were n't for those [ meddling poles ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna ) . 
  what ? 
  the blue mosque is literally just across the street . 
  why did you need to write that in a thread where people are joking around ? 
  i mean we can also talk about crete salonica rodop etc. 
  but nobody is bringing that up . 
  germans joke about losing half their country 70 years ago but around here 120 year old wars still produce hate . 
  i wonder if balkans will ever be free of this chauvinism . 
  ayasofya is neither a church nor a mosque . 
  it is a museum and will remain that way for it belongs to all humanity , not just a certain religion . 
  it literally means `` that big city '' . 
  it is n't electric ? 
  wow , i misjudged you guys . 
  i thought it was electric . 
  three cheers for our brothers in lung cancer than . 
  nitpick : hatay has hittite origin k\u0131rklareli is turkish but it 's a direct translation of the greek name ankara is from ancyra , ancient phyrigian diyarbak\u0131r is from diyar-\u0131 bekir which is ottoman turkish , can be considered turkish , arabic or persian g\u00fcm\u00fc\u015fhane is a direct translation from persian, 
  kayseri has latin roots ( caeserea , in honor of emperor augustus ), 
  the only actual ottoman turkish name for the city is dersaadet , which is thought to have given by rum mehmed pa\u015fa , who was actually a greek-turned-muslim so there really is no way around a greek name . 
  i would gild you if i were n't a cheap bastard . 
  rum wine best wine other wine fake wine, 
  turks hate american bbq . 
  we have our own version called mangal where you cook not with electric bbq but charcoal . 
  it 's pure joy , pleasure and cancer at the same time . 
  the electric stuff just feels unauthentic . 
  you should be able to smell cancer on your food , otherwise it 's just not worth it . 
  edit : til american bbq also uses charcoal . 
  i 'm glad that we agree lung cancer tastes great . 
  to be fair american versions of english ales are n't bad . 
  american pale and american ipa are different so it 's normal they get their own names . 
  as long as they do n't claim they invented it i do n't think anyone would be upset . 
  it highly depends on what you want and what you can afford . 
  regular 4-people family houses in a nice but not luxurious kinda central neighbourhood will cost about $ 200k . 
  1 +1 in a central but shitty neighbourhood for students and young people are cheaper than their european counterparts though . 
  if you want a bosphorus view , a big mansion in the closest-to-center suburbs or a large apartment in the financial heart of the city , the prices are disproportionately high . 
  probably among the most expensive ones in europe if you take purchase power of the local population into consideration . 
  the highest you can go is a yal\u0131 ( a mansion directly at bosphorus side ) . 
  they are almost priceless family heirlooms and not usually sold , unless you are an arab oil lord , mafia kingpin , heir to a large financial empire or something of that caliber . 
  [ videos ] ( http://www.birgun.net/haber-detay/akademisyenlerin-cebeci-kampusu-ne-girisi-engellendi-146390.html ) of the attack . 
  the old guy being beaten in the ground in the second video is g\u00f6khan at\u0131lgan , one of the most prominent proffessors of politics and journalism in turkey . 
  detainees [ mocking erdo\u011fan and dean \u0130bi\u015f ] ( http://www.birgun.net/haber-detay/universitelilerden-rektor-ibis-e-gozalti-aracindan-selam-var-146428.html ) in the police van . 
  students declared class boycott . 
  university shut down until further notice . 
  people do talk about how the gdr was more liberal when it came to sex gender and relationships than frg . 
  if anyone got a source claiming either way it 'd be a good read . 
  he 's clearly interested in the emerging threat of macedonia , world 's next superpower . 
  we all know you hide nukes in your , err , dunno lakes maybe ? 
  the guy in the acropolis museum told me it was mostly a replica . 
  i did n't know there was any piecing together going . 
  good job either way , it still feels glorious to walk past it . 
  before that the ottoman garrison thought it was a good idea to keep all the gunpowder near the historical inner gate of acropolis . 
  it exploded in venetian bombardment 1687 . 
  that 's why the current gate is a replica , not much was left after that . 
  uk government used to support turkey joining too . 
  that 's because traditional british position was to see eu as an economical union that would n't integrate further . 
  accepting turkey and serbia would make sure that it would n't politically integrate further and stay economical . 
  i do n't think british people would support either country joining to eu with the union 's current direction if they were still a part of it . 
  the funny thing is ; countries like us , canada , ireland , finland etc. 
  are more popular than germany , netherlands , uk , france , sweden among turkish liberal expats specifically because there are n't as much islamists there . 
  lately it kinda sucks for secular people from muslim countries in most of europe . 
  muslims give more shit to you than anyone because they see you as a traitor of some sort , anti-muslim reactionaries hate you on principle and even regular people get nervous around you after they learn where you 're from . 
  you have to explain over and over again that you do n't belong to the community and culture you literally ran away from . 
  my sister went to university in vienna , after graduation she got a good job there as well but she 's moving to canada with her bf for example . 
  i 'm one of the maniacs who want to stay until the end since i still have hope , but if i have to run away i 'll make sure i 'll go somewhere where i wo n't see an islamist ever again . 
  well , it 's true that medicine is highly monopolized and tests for drugs that require prolonged use get much more funding than for example preventive medicine . 
  people who say that big pharma are greedy assholes are right . 
  the thing is , people who market homoephaty and similar bullshit are just as greedy assholes , with the difference that their drugs do n't actually work . 
  a prime example would be the three sources of marxism understanding , hinted by marx explained by lenin . 
  the theory suggests that marxism had three sources : anglo-saxon economy-politics with their noncompromising economic efficiency oriented thinking , french revolution/counterrevolution and socialism concepts from tactical and calculated french politics , german philosophy and romanticism from abstract thinking german culture . 
  according to lenin german political disunity stood in the way of industrial revolution , strong centralized governance and nationalism for a long time , causing german intelligentsia to develop a more abstraction oriented thinking compared to industrial giants like gb and france , causing them to lead in philosophy literature and music while staying behing in modern practical politics and industrial economy . 
  i thought they ment me . 
  [ * sigh * ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/99/299221327_f3d2c47d97.jpg ), 
  you have to be blue to apply ? 
  right call . 
  they may be guilty ( considering the circumstances they probably are ) but they deserve a fair trial without torture or death penalty on the table . 
  no sane country would return them to a country where people in the government talk about retroactive death penalty . 
  nah pork is n't the problem , i love pork actually . 
  it 's just the cuisine there feels like `` is it edible ? 
  if yes fry it , if no still fry it and try again . '', 
  it tastes nice but anything does when you fry it long enough . 
  i 'm a medittereanean guy , i expect a bit more complexity you know . 
  greek cuisine has lots of pork too but they can turn it into an actual meal , even when they fry it they have garlic yoghurt or smth with it . 
  maybe the ukrainian/russian immigrants will bring their cuisine there , that would be great . 
  czech beer is awesome btw , no question about it . 
  just the meals feel like a bit lazy . 
  if a party said that the referandum was wrong , had bad timing , is based on misinformation so they will do anything to remain regardless of the results * before * the referandum ; voting remain in the parliament now would still be politically problematic but a kinda legitimate choice . 
  after discussing it as all or nothing for months and promising to respect the result whatever it is , i ca n't see any outs for the pro eu mp 's here . 
  so prague is becoming her old self again , a diverse international city . 
  great place to be the cultural/scientific capital of the continent , with the between east and west position too .
