  nationalist wing was openly supporting pkk while left wing tried to restart the peace process . 
  eventually they did n't agree on anything and gave weak and conflicted statements , and they were the party everyone thought could have helped end the conflict . 
  not only kurds but also left wing turkish youth too . 
  the armed wing of the kurdish movement sacrificed the momentum they gained in turkey for syria and left the legak side alone . 
  eventually hdp was left alone and erdo\u011fan started picking them one by one and puttimg in jail . 
  pkk did n't give a fuck , they even bombed a police station where hdp members were held . 
  people did n't really give a fuck either , there were n't big protests or anything except the beginning . 
  they are paying the price of political impotence and inactiveness . 
  nationalist kurds have a high chance of boycotting any possible election and they ca n't expect the left wing turkish vote either . 
  it 's highly unlikely for them to get more than 10 % . 
  islamism is a political ideology , islam is a religion . 
  not every muslim is an islamist . 
  i 'm a radical atheist so i 'm all for hating religions and all but calling every muslim an asshole is as dumb as calling all muslims peaceful nice guys . 
  the conflict of course has religious backgrounds , but it 's political more than anything . 
  exactly like in turkey . 
  they love talking about the rich secular elite while islamist tax evading bussinessmen drive in range rovers and most students and youn working people can barely pay rent . 
  deniz baykal is n't a leftist , he 's in the center slightly to the right side . 
  after the right consolidated behind erdo\u011fan secularism became synanimous with the left wing in turkey , but before that there were lots of right wing seculars . 
  different facial hair styles actually represent different ideologies around here , so it does matter . 
  if you drew his moustache thicker and longer it would be a left-wing moustache and it would point out to some correlation between leftists and erdo\u011fan , which would n't make much sense . 
  what you described is exactly the kemalist laicite understanding eu found `` too oppressive to muslim population '' a decade ago . 
  he did have rallies outside turkey before . 
  the problem is , according to the constitution the president should be a symbolic non-political title ( it always was before erdo\u011fan ) so it 's not that easy to persecute him . 
  you need the 2/3 majority of the parliament to persecute to the pesident , and needless to say it 's impossible right now with the akp majority parliament . 
  he could literally kill someone with his own hands and nothing would happen to him . 
  that 's also why there are so many laws against insulting the president . 
  the president was supposed to do nothing except meet with some foreign leaders sometimes , no reason for political satire about him because he is n't political anyway . 
  erdo\u011fan destroyed all the state traditions . 
  [ all danes are filthy nazis too !!, 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/e2/57/5c/e2575c06316bcf920ad56f501ae0c8d0.jpg ) they even ride bicycles like the dutch , ca n't be a coincidence !!!, 
  should 've happened far before btw . 
  letting foreign politicians to vampaign in your country does n't make any sense . 
  there are second-third generation immigrants voting in turkish elections for the fate of the country they 've never even seen . 
  they should have no right to do that , let alone campaign . 
  filthy dutch nazis eating turkey sausage to retaliate to turkey . 
  i 'll eat a whole wheel of gouda today you 'll see !!! 1 !, 
  ( pls send gouda so i can retaliate it 's expensive here ), 
  gouda is expensive here tho . 
  if my god-emporer erdo\u011fan sent me some i 'd be happily protesting the dutch right now . 
  he can also send some wine too , because , you know , french suck too probably . 
  they are n't exactly culturally turkish either . 
  they would be too liberal for islamists and too ignorant and degenerate for non-islamists . 
  they are a separate breed basically . 
  not that much liked in turkey either . 
  haha take that netherlands !, 
  you will never recover from that unless you eat a turkey sandwich today . 
  i also drank coffee in the afternoon and drinking beer right now , take that austria and germany !, 
  ( pls no crisis with french their dishes are hard to cook ), 
  the problem with that is that the northern cypriots really do n't want that . 
  there would be riots and if he did them the stuff he does to us europe would go nuts because it 's technically still eu territory . 
  it seems easy on paper but in reality that would cause erdo\u011fan a mountain of problems . 
  more shittalk ? 
  probably . 
  actual war ? 
  no way . 
  he 'd lose power even before referandum that way . 
  coup most likely was n't fake , that 's why it was n't that big of a scandal . 
  he probably knew about it beforehand and chose to use it to his advantage instead of stopping it , but there 's no real way to prove it . 
  most akp mp 's are just in it for the money and easy mp life . 
  they do n't really care about changing regime , civil war etc. 
  they ca n't say anything to erdo\u011fan because their voterbase listens to him . 
  erdo\u011fan is entering this election basically alone . 
  if he loses , it means the voterbase does n't listen to him . 
  his allies will turn on him . 
  that 's basically how a dictator loses in elections . 
  let 's hope you 're right . 
  european turks are seen as extremely conservative and ignorant here . 
  i personally do n't have that much hope from there . 
  it 's certainly not beneath him but with strict ballot control which became a tradition now he wo n't be able to hide it , which will create a huge scandal . 
  also dictators tend to be left alone when they lose an election . 
  pinochet tried to fake the results too , but everyone left him alone so he had to leave . 
  you are right except by one thing : european turks vote akp in much higher percentages than turkey turks . 
  it 's about 40-45 % in turkey , 70 % in netherlands , 60 % in germany , 60 % in france ( except uk , they only took skilled immigrants from turkey so akp vote 's more about 20 % for them ) . 
  there 's no chance netherlands and germany will vote no , but the general results has an incredibly high chance of a no result . 
  nobody here is blaming other countries and no was , and still is ahead by a formidable margin in every single trustable poll . 
  it looks like he 's still losing by a formidable margin . 
  the big bad west rhetoric is one of the tricks he had up his sleeve , we 'll se how that affects the votes . 
  i 'm not expecting any meaningful change . 
  his plan b is probably terror attacks and showing himself as the beacon of stability , but people see through that too . 
  last choice would be election fraud but the left wing and kemalist voterbase are incredibly concious about this , counting every single vote in every box and cross checking them with official results . 
  honestly it 's hard to imagine a scenario where he wins right now . 
  he 's getting desperate and picking fights left and right , those fights return as less tourism and escaping capital , which fucks up the economy further which fucks up his votes further . 
  he 's losing it honestly . 
  he wo n't be after he loses the referandum . 
  that 's why he 's so desperate . 
  the funny thing is election propaganda outside turkey is strictly outlawed by the constitution in turkey . 
  germany / netherlands / austria is not only right by their laws , but also the turkish law . 
  `` just wait until the referandum , i have some idiot nationalist votes i 'll try to get with the big bad west rhetoric '' - erdo\u011fan, 
  nope . 
  not taking them back . 
  we have enough morons here . 
  you can ship them to antartica or just put them on a ship with no compass to the north sea i do n't care . 
  just not here . 
  all the islamist bomb and police/fascist attack risks , and women were still there . 
  they ca n't beat us . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  not just the tourists , the local prices fuck us over too . 
  it 's literally cheaper for me to take a bus from istanbul to salonica , eat a great dinner with ouzo and return the same night than the same quality rak\u0131 dinner in bosphorus , even with the 4 eu exchange rate . 
  with the unbearable traffic in the city the time is n't a factor either . 
  the visa costs are too high though , a shame turkish daily visa exception was removed .
