  also , you guys trying to create a democratic islamist utopia by supporting erdo\u011fan 's `` democratic agenda '' ( yeah sounds like a joke i know , just check out the eu progress reports on turkey before 2012 ) partially got us in this mess . 
  eu should do its own thing and let us deal with erdo\u011fan . 
  after that we can talk . 
  calm the fuck down . 
  also , you 're wrong . 
  turks were the majority in \u0130zmir in wwi . 
  you can check the wilson report , the whole us peace delegation , even churchill 's statements on the issue . 
  those guys were on your side , they still called the greek invasion illegal and impossible to maintain . 
  anyway , talking about hundred year old wars in a thread about nice weather and beaches and shit shows me that you 're not the kind of person who 'll be impressed by facts . 
  \u0130zmir is pretty nice in the autumn , you should get out of your mothers basement and visit some time . 
  do n't worry we wo n't tell your stormfront friends you had a good time . 
  everyone voting is n't that great of an idea . 
  think of everyone you meet or come across in your daily life . 
  think about how politically competent they are . 
  now imagine them deciding your fate . 
  a large percentage of politically informed voters who know what they 're doing is the dream for a democracy . 
  people getting to decide stuff they have no idea about and no stakes in is never a good thing , no matter how democratic it may seem . 
  people living abroad get to vote in local elections in turkey , choosing the mayor of a city they never ever lived in . 
  in recent years we had a clear example . 
  our incresibly corrupt erdo\u011fanist mayor of ankara tried to change some construction laws in the city center for his family friends ' bussiness ' benefit . 
  when people started to protest he said the issue would be decided with a plebicite . 
  he got all of greater ankara region to the booths with busses including the rural areas . 
  when reporters asked people who came to vote about their opinion most of them said they voted for whatever akp told them to vote for and had no idea about the issue , some of them never even seen the city square that was in question before . 
  in the end the plebicite passed and he got his way . 
  it was perfectly democratic with high turnout . 
  still , it did n't make any sense whatsoever . 
  in an election where his opponent was an islamist as well . 
  the left wing did n't vote that much because they thought it was n't a real choice . 
  the turnout was about 74 % . 
  for comparison , turnout is usually around 85 % in general elections . 
  his party has never got a majority at elections , but they 're ruling the country by themselves for 15 years without a coalition . 
  does n't seem that democratic , does it ? 
  i thought the 26 law made it harder , not illegal . 
  did n't know the extent . 
  i know some elderly people in my family who had abortions in the 60s without a problem so it might be the de facto legal thing was in place before that , but you 're right on the law it completely bans it . 
  when education was more centralized t\u0131bbiye was kinda independent so doctors as a community did whatever they thought was right without much regards to laws . 
  abortion was always legal in turkey . 
  even in the ottoman empire it was legal in certain situations . 
  on demand abortion became de facto legal in the 1960s ( if you went to a hospital for on demand abortion doctors would write a bullshit health excuse in the papers to not cause problems ) . 
  in 1983 the government legalized it but not much changed , state hospitals were doing on demand abortion anyway . 
  now akp is de facto banning it . 
  large state hospitals in cities like istanbul ankara \u0130zmir etc. 
  will cause you no problems but if you 're in a rural area you need to find a private hospital , small state hospitals would almost always turn you down . 
  edit : it seems that the 26 law actually illegalized it completely , but i know from my family history that most doctors had no problems with it in the 60 's . 
  it may be different before that but i do n't know for sure . 
  personal recycling is n't that bad but industrial recyling is basically non existent . 
  factories wo n't lift a finger if they are n't forced , and personal waste is tiny in comparison to industrial . 
  they do . 
  they mostly do n't understand laicite though , mostly anglo saxon secularism i.e. 
  separation of religion and state . 
  pkk changed that though , legal hdp politicians were persistent on the `` whole turkey 's party '' thing but the armed wing was n't convinced . 
  it 's classic , people who have been fighting for years are n't easily convinced to not fighting anymore . 
  hdp actually wants regional autonomy and thinks of nationalist independent kurdistan supporters within the party as fringe cases . 
  their ideology claims to be over nation states . 
  they see nation states as reactionary and do n't care within which borders they are as long as they have their regional government . 
  facts on the ground are of course different , that 's just their official ideology . 
  they do actually . 
  islamists have problems with referring to the big invisible friend as anything other than allah , but regular people use allah , rab ( arabic ) h\u00fcda ( persian ) and tanr\u0131 ( turkish ) interchangeably . 
  tengri , the unmodernized version of tanr\u0131 , is almost always used to refer to k\u00f6k tengri , turkic shamanistic god though . 
  i 'm at a bus right now , i 'll edit this comment when i get home . 
  meanwhile , just take a look at what liberal newapapers and ideologues wrote about turkey and akp between 2002-2012 . 
  edit : i honestly do n't have time to pinpoint individual newspaper articles right now but you can check out eu progress reports on turkey with a simple google search and see how they praise the `` political reform process '' and `` democratization '' . 
  also , you can check out older stuff at soros ' open society foundation website . 
  people have short memories . 
  sure he 's hated now . 
  how about the ergenekon amd balyoz trials where he was declared the democracy hero while jailing his political opponents with bogus charges ? 
  2012 referendum where most of the european press called us `` no '' voters arcahic reactionaries ? 
  even a few years ago there were articles all around calling kemalists privileged white turks trying to defend their privilege by calling erdo\u011fan islamist . 
  it 's a western liberal meme here in turkey to talk about how erdo\u011fan is `` getting kinda authoritarian '' like the european press wrote after coup attempt . 
  liberals wanted a democratic islamist paradise and chose to see everything with those glasses , even when the facts were against them . 
  assad and saddam were elected `` fairly '' too , multiple times . 
  i guess that one is about what you accept as a `` fair election '' . 
  both the european media and eu politicians were praising him for ergenekon and balyoz operations , with parallels to italian mafia prosecutions . 
  it is now documented that both these trials were run by lying witnesses and forged documents to purge kemalists in state . 
  the thing is , we told everyone that he 's purging his political opponents with loads of proof but the media saw only what it wanted to see . 
  how about not interfering , positively or negatively ? 
  you guys honestly did n't meddle with anything , thank you for that . 
  i do n't expect foreigners to solve my problems , just not to support the most diagusting political movement in this country 's history . 
  it 's turkey 's fault . 
  despite western meddling and everything we should 've dealt with this ourselves , and we will deal with this ourselves . 
  just that if you write something like `` what a shitty islamist neighbour '' , i just have to remind you that your government wholeheartedly supported an islamist party while my country was still secular . 
  yeah everyone should take responsibility for their own countries ' actions , but it goes both ways . 
  you did n't have to purge him , that 's our job . 
  you guys just should n't ave supported him as the democracy hero and savior of turkey , that 's all . 
  who 's fine with it exactly ? 
  he 's getting around 40 % of the vote with both vote manipulation and full media control . 
  akp keeps getting elected with gerrymandering and bs election laws . 
  also , even if he gets 99 % this is unacceptable . 
  they are trying to legalize raping children . 
  children ca n't vote , and they are certainly not ok with it . 
  he showed no signs of that though . 
  he started eliminating his political opposition at his first two years . 
  it honestly was n't hard to understand what his agenda was . 
  erdo\u011fan did n't enter politics with akp , he had a strong pro-sharia political history before that . 
  his motives were clear as day from day one . 
  western liberals wanted a democratic islamist , and when they could n't find one they proceeded to create it . 
  now we 're all paying for that . 
  no , that 's what most european liberals believe . 
  turkish seculars have said that erdo\u011fan wanted a islamist dictatorship from the beginning , while eu was still all rosey with him . 
  then you guys should n't have supported and congratulated akp for its `` democratic rule '' for years when every single secular people in the country was shouting they want an islamic dictatorship in your ears .
