you ca n't defend a line in a cornfield . 
  you can defend a fence . 
  therefore hungary build fences and is defending them . 
   these decisions are essentially irreversible unless you 're going for large scale ethnic cleansing you could call the in-migration `` ethnic dirtying '' . 
  that would put things in perspective . 
  i guess you 're not an american , or a left wing one . 
  donald trump expresses the view of a lot of actual current americans . 
  randoms sneaking across the southern border , self-selected as those who can not make it in the mexican and central american economies and of course do n't come close to meeting our formal immigration standards , we have too much of that . 
  on the other hand , we have h1b 's who staff the tech industries and hold down pay esp . 
  for technically trained americans . 
  and for a white european seeking to come here as in the old days of ellis island -- it 's very hard from what i hear . 
  fwiw i am white and blue-eyed , / u/deineblaueaugen . 
  when threatened , it is rational to retreat to borders , and ideas , that you can defend effectively . 
  the euro leaders have been talking big ideas while doing nothing about the invasion because it 's just too complicated and ambiguous . 
  orban found what he could and should defend , and did it . 
  and typically these ethnic groups have their areas ( de facto segregation ! ), 
  and ethnic costumes and celebrations that everyone finds interesting . 
  schooling is provided to the children . 
  but nobody is required to hire a certain number of uighurs or whatever in their company . 
  also , they are living in their ancestral areas . 
  they are n't migrants demanding to freeload on someone else . 
  they do migrate to cities for jobs but live there with less rights than those born in the cities , and of course nothing is given to them . 
  usa was doing better when we were a bit less multi-ethnic . 
  i suppose this sort of culture would not long survive the incursion of a million economic migrants . 
  they seem to enjoy the lack of vibrant diversity . 
  i am jealous . 
  less polar bear habitat , if that 's what it is , means more habitat for a thousand other kinds of life that like slightly warmer temps . 
  why should you get a free education at the expense of some other country 's taxpayers ? 
  why should n't you attend whatever engineering schools you have ( the basic knowledge is mostly 150 years old , you can learn a lot at any engineering school ) and then see what can provide any extra training you need ? 
  a single rapist is too much . 
  whatever rapists are already citizens , well the country has to deal with it . 
  but it can have higher standards for immigrants designed to make as certain as possible that these newcomers will be clean as a whistle . 
  iran is not an arab country . 
  they are a separate old culture , in the same way i guess that the syrians are . 
  it 's why those are the desired migrants , and the goal is to keep out as many of the arabs as possible . 
  that 's why it 's very good when european countries post ads in migrants ' home countries , saying conditions are bad , playing up the bad and downplaying the good . 
  they have to counter the promises of smugglers . 
  you 'll have the job of making sure their quarters are nice and warm . 
  but they can go thru slovenia straight to austria . 
  i doubt that many would choose to go to hungary once in slovenia . 
  i do n't give much credibility to month-delayed reports of rape , here or anywhere . 
  so much simpler : demand papers . 
  if papers in order and show they are from an eligible country , proceed further with refugee determination process . 
  otherwise immediate rejection and deportation within a week . 
  no funny business with dropping anchor babies . 
  far east wo n't take them . 
  they have no problem with saying no and they are shamelessly race-aware . 
  did they then get on the french dole ? 
  or did they at least have to hustle to support themselves ? 
  what about those rejected for non-criminal reasons ? 
  or does everyone get accepted unless they have a criminal background ? 
  this is nuts , you get supported anyway . 
  there is no way to get rid of these people . 
  hungary is the only country trying to do things right these days . 
  keep them out because once in , they will be unremovable . 
  why is germany doing this to itself ? 
  besides , with their `` excessive '' concern for principles , hungary might actually reject all but those truly qualified for asylum , and actually send the rest back ( how ? ), 
  how will the rejects be returned ? 
  it will be like the us illegal alien problem , where they say we ca n't deport them because there are already 10 to 30 million , so it 's not practical . 
  donald trump has the right idea . 
  it is practical . 
  you just do it . 
  * moncure : well , actually , quite interestingly , most fraudulent syrian passports are used by syrians for the variety of reasons . 
  they are not able or not able to obtain true syrian passports , so they are using fraudulent passports . 
  but then when their identity is verified , it 's clear that they are citizens of syria . 
  * so now you ca n't kick them out for fake documents either . 
  all common sense must be prevented . 
  how did frontex verify these people are truly syrians anyway ? 
  or are frontex just lying ? 
  speaking of governments , i think the us epa knew about this issue from 2012 . 
  and allowed all that extra pollution to be emitted for 3 years . 
  well vw claimed they had solved that problem . 
  turns out they had n't , or at least not without turbocharging i guess , which is what one would get on the upper audis , bmws , benz etc. 
  and a benefit of a diesel engine is simplicity and durability . 
  turbocharging cancels out at least the simplicity aspect . 
  it 's so nice that the lesbos residents are kind to the migrants . 
  after all , they know they wo n't have to keep them . 
  what 's going to happen to all the rejected asylum applicants ? 
  how do you get rid of them ? 
  oh and by the way , clock = timer = typical bomb component . 
  of all the `` projects '' he could have done , why did n't he choose something that is n't used typically in bombs ? 
  if epa knew about this in 2012 , how were they still allowing vw to sell these cheating cars in 2015 ? 
  do n't they care about the environment ? 
  or , is epa pretty corrupt ? 
  maybe here i can buy a bmw diesel for what you pay for the equivalent vw . 
  yes you should be jealous . 
  it 's because our taxes on a car are much less . 
  but that 's made up in other ways , like our backbreakingly expensive higher education , our terribly expensive medicines , obamacare now , etc. 
  right . 
  white people never get to be called indigenous . 
  just the more `` richly diverse '' races . 
  `` this must be provided , that must be provided , monitoring must be provided ... '' he should have sent the check to finance all this along with his letter , to be taken seriously . 
  the only way the new ones will stop breaking down the barriers to hungary is if they learn it 's a bad bad deal for them . 
  this is just proper self defense by hungary . 
  since slovenia seems to be keeping them out too , this might actually do something to slow the invasion of the schengen area . 
  she 's already married with a child by another man , her current husband . 
  but on the other boy 's side , what kind of family would want her matched to their son now ? 
  arranged marriage practically ensures the healthy reproductive continuation of the line . 
  the `` middle class '' marriage model has people waiting til their fertility is exhausted before starting , and women can choose to be `` child free '' i.e. 
  kill their husband 's line as well as their own .
