  what else would stop the torrential flow of these people to europe ? 
  you need something strong enough that they choose not to come any more . 
  interestingly , both countries have islands that can be used as reception / processing centers , ensuring that only approved refugees are granted access to the mainland . 
  in the united states , i think that it was bad for everyone else when the residents of our inner-city `` projects '' were distributed to suburban communities , mixed subsidized and market rate housing ( pretty unfair that some people have to pay full price but not all ) , etc. 
  the same could be applied to groups of migrants or refugees that do not really fit the prevailing european culture . 
  they probably will be culturally incompatible , and probably will even consume a lot of public benefits . 
  so it might be best to concentrate them , let them live their lives and not disturb others more than necessary . 
  call it a `` ghetto '' if you want . 
  if you 're not totally open and honest ( e.g. 
  i am from a safe country in africa and am just here because i 'll be much better off economically with your social safety net , but i am applying for asylum anyway ) any misrepresentations should be illegal . 
  and you 're going to get a lot of that . 
  europe is entitled to think so . 
  and the middle east is entitled to disagree and even feel the europeans are inferior . 
  one thing the europeans have got to do is shut off the lure of the social safety net to these folks . 
  yeah , if someone got on a dinghy and sailed all the way round to the north sea and landed first in germany , i suppose germany should consider them for refugee status . 
  otherwise , nope . 
  landlocked countries like romania and hungary , and austria , should not even be worrying about this . 
  unless these folks arrive by plane , they could not land first in those countries . 
  loving space ? 
  maybe you meant lebensraum . 
  a country is entitled to be racist in who it admits under voluntary immigration ( everything but refugees i guess . ), 
  it can seek homogeneity . 
  africa for the africans , europe for the europeans , etc. 
  refugees should be screened on the basis that they have to prove their status . 
  investigations may take time and during that time they should be held in camps in simple but non-dangerous conditions . 
  and of course , the dublin rules apply . 
  they should really all be sent to greece on that basis , perhaps on some deserted islands where facilities could be built for temporary housing . 
  breaking treaties is pretty common under extreme circumstances , and the un may yell and scream , and let them do so . 
  this is an abusive situation for europe , and their first obligation is to get things under control , then decide what to do . 
  and not the reverse , which gives smugglers etc. 
  too much clarity . 
  who cares what they will `` accept '' . 
  we have to be very consistent in not caring . 
  the un would go ballistic if you just took the most economically valuable and rejected the rest . 
  but let them . 
  they still probably wo n't leave . 
  they 'll drag out the process , they 'll `` disappear '' at a convenient time , etc. 
  people know you 're not all violent extremists but they may simply not like you or want to live near you or whatever . 
  you 're not entitled to a state-sponsored program to change that . 
  `` case and point '' : fail hint : it 's `` case in point '' . 
  is it true that until syriza came into power in greece , greece was stopping the flow of migrants , but then syriza decided to help the migrants ( while screwing over the greeks by reneging on their promise to reject the troika 's austerity ideas . ), 
  there must be some way to get that jerk out of his job . 
  or else you europeans need to dissolve this aristocracy of yours and start over . 
  and after a few hours they would be drunk . 
  seriously ? 
  yeah this is what happens when cops are better off not policing . 
  same is starting to happen in nyc since they have to be so careful with black suspects now . 
  yes so give food not money . 
  and if they do n't eat it , it 's their problem . 
  nox standards are important . 
  it 's real pollution . 
  vw and various other manufacturers of small diesel cars have truly sinned . 
  co2 standards are nonsense . 
  if one pd was scared this way , i doubt it was the only one . 
  actually yes it does . 
  we use various measures to try to predict who will be desirable immigrants to our country . 
  all the measures ( hopefully ) have some validity , none is perfect . 
  this is one among other imperfect measures . 
  well , as a german , you 've been taken over by a few regimes in the past 100 years . 
  the purpose of our 2nd amendment is mainly to prevent the government from getting too frisky internally . 
  and it 's a good thing . 
  i 'm an american who used to work in the defense industry , back when we worried about the fulda gap . 
  this new thing is not at all comparable . 
  talk about mission creep !, 
  the fulda gap was a path whereby supposedly the soviet union could enter western europe . 
  we controlled one side , they controlled the other . 
  the `` suwalki gap '' is a bridge under international control , but where russia controls both sides . 
  they are kindly permitting others to continue to use it though . 
  but of course they can get control of that bridge , since they control the land on both ends . 
  any attempts by us to ensure they can not would be massive overreach . 
  but we seem to be into a lot of massive overreach these days . 
  how about `` illegal immigrant '' . 
  we like that here in the usa . 
  some are refugees , most are not apparently , and `` migrant '' is a somewhat neutral term that could include refugees who are , in fact , migrating . 
  `` refugee '' specifies a privileged status that is clearly inapplicable to many or most of these migrants . 
  therefore , until they are sorted out , it makes sense to use the more neutral term `` migrant '' . 
  fortunately this seems to be a hoax . 
  the irresponsibility if this had been a true story would have been incredible . 
   `` we decided to open to refugees our routes from greece and east europe , violating a rule that simply dumps government responsibilities on the carriers , '' said kenny jacobs , ryanair 's chief marketing officer . 
  no , it 's typically an air carrier 's responsibility to confirm that the traveler has the visa for the destination . 
  if ryanair wo n't do this , remove their landing rights in all destination countries . 
  is she the chancellor of germany or of syria ? 
  wish we could still have that culture here in the us southeast . 
  more freedom there than here . 
  how is that ? 
  i believe pope alexander ( some number , the spanish borgia pope ) in 1492 claimed the whole new world for the church . 
  now pope francis is trying to increase rc influence in the usa . 
  but you can stop more from coming , thus containing as much as possible the scope of the problem for which a solution must be found . 
  for europeans to reproduce , they should learn some of those old patriarchal values from the muslims . 
  maybe not sharia punishments , but a bit less of the modern sexual revolution . 
  otherwise muslims will win . 
  when do they get these evaluations done and remove those not eligible for asylum in germany ? 
  ( and where do they remove them to ? ), 
  the article goes on to say there should be more women in management bla bla bla . 
  totally irrelevant . 
  just say no . 
  there 's a flood of people coming into europe who want to live off the system for a while until their asylum claims are resolved . 
  if things are done properly in each country , most of these requests will be firmly rejected , since the people do n't even have papers . 
  even if the process is softened too much , there will be lots of rejects who should be sent back . 
  what happens now when an asylum request is rejected ?
