  somehow i think the arranged marriage model has a lot to recommend it . 
  which is why `` liberalism '' which destroys societies is so much against it . 
  and then they 're done . 
  no worrying about fertility , or finding a man , in their 30 's . 
  `` koskimaki said police did not see a link between the cologne and helsinki incidents . '', 
  in one sense he 's right , there 's no conspiracy of the sort the police look for . 
  as a cop it 's not his business what happened in germany . 
  but in another sense , of course there 's a connection , in that the perps come from the same population of migrants . 
  uk should enforce its rules , and make a condition that sneaking thru the tunnel from a safe country ( france ) invalidates an asylum application automatically . 
  that would be effective enforcement and close the loopholes . 
  then the migrants would see they can not beat the system . 
  england 's laws on immigration are quite reasonable . 
  but since they are inadequately enforced , migrants calculate they may be able to beat the system if they try enough from calais . 
  if the brits could really enforce their rules so that nobody could sneak across , then the jungle would be deserted , or at least those people would register in france . 
  what 's the choice ? 
  certainly not to put them up in style -- that france should not do . 
  deport them ? 
  there 's a thought . 
  but also the migrants bring it on themselves . 
  they came there voluntarily . 
  they could probably leave the same way , but they keep trying to sneak through that tunnel instead . 
  what do you mean by `` innocents '' ? 
  those who are there knew what it would be like , more or less , when they came . 
  they refuse to register in france and refuse to leave except if they can sneak through the tunnel to england . 
  the opposite of `` innnocent '' is `` guilty '' . 
  seems to me they are more guilty than innocent . 
  they wo n't register for evaluation . 
  they wo n't leave . 
  enforcing the immigration rules would probably require armed confrontation . 
  simple answers to the questions . 
  and it 's not a tragedy . 
  these migrants came on their own , mostly after they knew or should have known generally about conditions there . 
  so i 've heard . 
  but my comments were general not just depending on the data you gave , but more general obvious facts . 
  if they ca n't or do n't get a job , they get the dole . 
  and the dole may be more lavish support than what they could have earned with a job in their home countries . 
  future nuclear physicists among those 20 year old grifters . 
  right . 
  well a large amount of those syrian visas are fake , and eritrea , ethopia and some part of `` other '' are from subsaharan africa . 
  i did forget afghanistan , which is not syria either . 
  on the visa application or at the german embassy do they ask if you 're being persecuted ? 
  how would they know you 're going to request asylum ? 
  visitor visas are usually pretty simple : fill out a form , they run a records check i suppose , and then you get the visa . 
  i saw a photo today of some people in an airport in syria waiting for their flight to germany . 
  potential refugees or migrants ; it was a whole family . 
  and to the extent this is true and the welfare state can become even more generous -- that 's why these people came to northern europe rather than so many other closer places . 
  they want to freeload !, 
  but these migrants are mostly the ones suitable for the jobs that were automated , not the jobs using the automation . 
  sad but true . 
  but they 're not actually syrian to a large extent . 
  they 're black africans , or they are from other countries , or they have fake syrian passports . 
  if they had real syrian passports they would probably be able to get a visa and fly on a normal flight -- much cheaper and easier than the smugglers . 
   seven out of ten people living in direct vicinity of an asylum seekers centre , report there was n't any participation possible concerning decision making about this . 
  almost half of the people living in the direct vicinity thinks the asylum seekers centre would have been placed , even if participation were possible . 
  so , they accept it because it 's going to happen anyway , and they 're adults who can adapt to what is in their future anyway . 
  not that they support it . 
  do n't lie about what this means . 
  they 've surrendered and say they 'll take it because they have no choice . 
  that 's not what i 'd call `` support '' . 
  a democratic process involves a secret ballot where they can say `` no '' and it means the effort to place the center in their area goes away . 
  did any town actually want one of these ? 
  was it a democratic vote of the people , or just buying off one property owner ? 
  yeah , the others moved out . 
  but are these migrants going to get useful jobs that do n't mainly displace other germans ? 
  are they going to be job creators , or job consumers and welfare consumers ? 
  if the price of a house next to an existing migrant center dropped less than some others , it must be because the buyer plans to rent that house too out to the government to house migrants . 
  the government pays you very well to be a traitor to your neighbors !, 
  that pretty well invalidates their opinion as meaning they really approve . 
  they just go along because objecting is hopeless -- a matter of mental health rather than real agreement . 
  i find the headline misleading . 
  their holy book commands them that when push comes to shove , they have to support those anti-kaffir policies . 
  commands , very clearly . 
  do n't be . 
  my kids , and all their friends , just make fun of bieber -- have since about second grade . 
  bieber behaved like someone who does not deserve his wealth or his prominence , that 's for sure . 
  but i am also confused about why the fans would not let him wipe up the spill . 
  would they have let security wipe up the spill ? 
  what really happened there ? 
  that 's how the drug got its name when it was sold legally over 100 years ago . 
  ca n't let humans have too much energy . 
  since hydro is efficient and clean , need to find some other eco reason to stop it . 
  is there some sort of blood test or dental test that can determine someone 's age , whether they are over 18 or not with an accuracy of say 1 year ? 
  from all the pictures i 've seen they do n't look under 18 . 
  they should not assume the person is whatever age they say . 
  actually anyone who can make it thousands of miles like that , unaccompanied , qualifies as an adult , congratulations !, 
  it 's hard to trust a woman with a man 's name according to the russian language , to speak insightfully about russia or anywhere in the area . 
  if she were still russian , her last name would be something like alexievna . 
  yes i would say it is , since the corrupt government prevents him or her from solving the problems . 
  and here 's who is being hunted by the cops in sweden : suspected `` extremists '' , probably they do n't approve of the migrants : http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article21551490.ab, 
  at least sweden still has some self respect . 
  this is what the article bemoans , that remaining self respect . 
  you certainly can legally kick out all the ones who are not qualified for refugee status . 
  you might have to find them first , but you are entitled to remove them . 
  `` feasible or not '' i think it 's feasible . 
  we get the same sort of stuff in the usa regarding our illegal aliens , who mostly snuck across our southern border . 
  yes it is practical to deport them . 
  you make very awkward for them to remain here , and when you pick one up , you remove him or her ( hopefully with their children if any ) to home country . 
  you just do it . 
  europe can do the same , after holding asylum hearings where the few actually qualified have their chance to prove it . 
  and then if someone is denied , they are immediately transferred to a secure facility until repatriation can occur .
