yeah . 
  that was last year . 
  it 's not like we 've only taken in refugees in 2015 . 
  we 've got a lot more afghani/iraqi refugees than syrians , though . 
  both of those were your ( your , meaning the neo-cons ) wars . 
  you invaded afghanistan as a result of 9/11 , and iraq because of wmds , wich ment we had to go to war as well ( you triggered article five for the first , and only time since when you went to war with afghanistan ) . 
  do you really believe we would have invaded any of those countries if we were n't allies ? 
  exactly . 
  what crisis ? 
  there 's people flooding over the border like they did in world war-z ? 
  i thought net immigration was basically down to zero in the last few years ? 
  i did n't say mexicans = swedes . 
  i said they 're a better comparison than syrians/iraqis/afghans . 
  i never said the war in syria is 100 % ( or even close ) to being your fault , you 're right -- that would indeed be ridiculous . 
  i 'd say the wars in iraq and afghanistan were your faults , though . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  both of those wars had their part in destabilizing the entire me . 
   also , you 're the richest country on earth . 
  we 're not . 
  not even close . 
  we 're one of the richest per capita in the world , though . 
   maybe you might want to dip into the trillion dollar rainy day fund you keep to help out the troubled people of the world . 
  i do n't really believe you 're familiar enough with our foreign aid contributions to make that statement , because we 're showering people with money all over the world . 
  mexicans are not comparable to people from the other side of the world , with vastly different cultures and sets of norms escaping war and persecution . 
  if anything , i 'd compare them to swedes . 
  they commit less crime , pay more in taxes than they take in benefits ( they 're illegal , after all ) and contribute greatly to our economy by taking jobs the natives are too lazy - or not willing - to do . 
   as soon as you send them . 
  i doubt you 'd take them . 
  you 've got a population of 300 + million people and made a fuss about taking in 10k refugees . 
  we granted 30k refugees ( the vast , vast majority were from syria ) last year and our population is only 5 million . 
  i find it particularly hilarious when the question of military expenditure in nato countries gets brought up in the us election . 
  they moan about us not spending 2 % of gdp , and wants to blackmail us ( like some mafia , offering protection ) into paying more . 
  or else they wo n't come to our aid if article five gets triggered . 
  what they fail to take into consideration , is the vast amount of money we spend on refugees mostly as a result of their neo-con wars in the me ( you know , when the us got attacked -- and the only time article five has ever gotten triggered , and we had to step up and help you guys out in afghanistan ) . 
  already did . 
  i signed the petition ( wich is the only real way for us to influence this policy atm ) , and i 'm not gon na vote for the parties who concocted this scheme in the future either . 
  when are you gon na take the refugees ? 
  i 'm sure our neighbors in sweden and germany wants to send you some as-well . 
  have you petitioned your government to encourage them to withdraw their troops from europe , though ? 
  there 's no one here atm , but there 'll be some 500 troops in 2017 . 
  they should n't be allowed to stay here , obviously . 
  foreign troops here is kinda unprecedented , has n't happened since ww2 . 
  hopefully our government changes it 's mind . 
  when will you take our 100k + refugees ? 
  yeah . 
  we 'll redirect every refugee that has been displaced as a result of the war on terror as well . 
  you can have both . 
  if anything , i hope this teaches us ( europe ) to be less dependent on the us for all sorts of things . 
  donald is n't suitable to lead the us , never mind the whole world . 
  it 's pretty terrifying to contemplate the world being run by a reality-tv show star . 
  someone contemplating electing donald to the highest office in the world , is not someone we should depend on in the future . 
  this is not funny anymore . 
  should we then accept refugees from russia as well , then ? 
  or how about the us ? 
  they 've droned american citizens without a fair trial . 
   you must be joking . 
  how are syrian people responsible for the clusterfuck in their country ? 
  this is how :  the war grew out of the unrest of the 2011 arab spring and escalated to armed conflict after president bashar al-assad 's government violently repressed protests calling for his removal . 
  they are responsible , even though they should n't have been . 
  you forgot the joos . 
  do not take a cab if you 're going to norway . 
  some family from south-america did . 
  they took the cab from the airport and to their hotel some 100 km away . 
  spent their entire vacation budget . 
  yeah , i 'm not pro eu myself -- but i do see their point in being a full-fledged member , instead of our current situation . 
  but a part of me believe - like you alluded to - this is their way of pressuring us to join after losing two eu referendums . 
  those sneaky sobs . 
  she - the princess - actually claimed a sudden appearance of a feather from one of their `` seances '' -- originated from an angel . 
  a professor , and expert , in dna-analysis offered to dna-test the feather . 
  she did n't like that very much . 
  too little genetic diversity in the gene pool , if you know what i 'm saying . 
  careful , now the eastern european immigrants will be up in arms . 
  they will not tolerate being told they 're not able to spank/physical reprimand their children . 
  they 're in favor of the eu because it would give us a say in the eu , as opposed to being just a member of the eea and having basically no power to influence the policies . 
  that 's basic statistics , it 's not my opinion . 
   also when i look on / politics the same kind polls have an entirely different answer than those from / thedonald but they both have a high number of people polled . 
  how am i supposed to believe one but not the other ? 
  because sample size is not the only metric , you 'd have to look at the methodology as well . 
  give me an example of two conflicting polls published on t_d and here . 
   one argument would be that holocaust denial is n't ` opinion ' but dismissing a fact . 
  should it be illegal to dismiss a fact ? 
  where are you from ? 
  this is pretty common in europe , just look at how hard it is to get citizenship in a lot of countries . 
   i do n't understand why people start bringing eastern europeans into the equation when it comes to immigration with citizens from places that have proven not to be a good fit because of the open borders , a lot of eastern europeans come to wealthier , more prosperous countries to rob , steal and scam . 
  like a lot . 
  i 'm not french , but it would not surprise me one bit . 
  even here - in very , very liberal norway - they 've started to use this rhetoric . 
  they absolutely love russia and putin can do no wrong . 
  it 's rather bizarre . 
  the margin of error among a 1000 sample size is + / - 3 % . 
  it 's a survey among eu28 countries ( european union ) and the source of the survey is ** eurostat . 
  ** did you even read the list ? 
  there 's a eu28 section on the list itself ( average ) . 
  original source :  this article presents an overview of european union ( eu ) statistics related to self-reported foreign language skills . 
  it provides information on the number of foreign languages known , as well as levels of command/proficiency . 
  the data are analysed by age , sex , level of educational attainment , labour status and occupation . 
  note that there is no information available for the 2011 reference period from croatia [ 1 ] , romania or the united kingdom and that data for other eu member states may be missing depending upon the type of analysis being conducted . 
  better read again , then . 
  like i said , we 're not part of the eu . 
   eu28 aggregate includes only member states for wich date is available,
