  yeah , the best evidence is looking at any of the racial dot maps of london and realizing it 's a quite neatly racially segregated city , just without any of the forced segregation . 
  so you do n't think integration is important to social cohesion . 
  why not just say that outright instead of bizarre teenage snark ? 
  the only one talking about pure and homogenous is you by the way , why do you want to build a strawman so badly when my point is crystal clear ? 
  yeah , there was no ethnic tension until european intervention . 
  ottoman millets were a paradise and chinese traders had no agency whatsoever . 
  stop parroting the most intellectually lazy explanation of all time , real life is n't a sociology class . 
  last time i went to london , i went to the grosvenor victoria casino and there was a half a dozen women in niqab standing outside . 
  how the fuck is that integrating better than other european countries ? 
  what a joke . 
  they all have systems based around explicit ethnic representation in a way that europe does not . 
  they imported a massive amount of immigrants that had no desire to integrate and government policies basically enable the creation of parallel societies . 
  these things tend to raise social tension , lower social trust , and increase violence . 
  you see this repeated globally under all kinds of different circumstances but noticing it is problematic for some people . 
  it will continue to escalate in france too , if historical precedent is relevant at all . 
  there 's a reason places like israel , lebanon and singapore have the type of government structures they have . 
  what do you consider fascist rhetoric ? 
  there is a massive integration problem in the uk and an even worse one in belgium . 
  your country is literally famous in the arab world for exporting good isis fighters . 
  how do you suggest addressing the issue ? 
  yes . 
  afaik it 's because of a blanket prohibition on men wearing silk ( sunni are meant to avoid this as well ) , but many shia imam 's and iran specifically somehow apply this to all ties in general . 
  it 's not `` forbidden '' but rather `` discouraged '' , thus you will not see politicians or religious figures wearing them so it 's not a 100 % tell , but if you see a shayk/imam/religious authority on tv in a suit without a tie it 's most probable he is shia . 
  hope that makes sense . 
  in australia you actually have a lot of lebanese shia in melbourne , so maybe you will notice it . 
  i 'm fairly certain there is a religious ruling about it , but not many people follow it . 
  that said , imam 's always seem to . 
  that said , i 'm not really knowledgeable about shia islam . 
  shia in particular tend to wrap a turban around their [ taqiya ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=taqiyah&amp;rlz=1c1chbf_enus721us721&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewidjiuf8sxuahujat4khrvxboeq_auicygc&amp;biw=1432&amp;bih=835 ) , so that it looks like [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/868440585887129600/yhwpach-_400x400.jpg ) , it will always be white or [ black ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/45/hassan_khomeini_by_tasnimnews.jpg/250px-hassan_khomeini_by_tasnimnews.jpg ) . 
  ahamdi 's often wear turban in a traditional indian style . 
  sunni usually just wear a basic taqiya , a keffiyeh , or no headwear at all . 
  also not a 100 % sure thing , but pious shia religious leaders often refrain from wearing a tie when wearing a suit . 
  it 's always like that . 
  also from what i can tell from the photos that are google-able indigenous converts are massively over-represented , unsurprisingly . 
  also , the march near london bridge , you could see just based on dress that again shia and amadiyyah were super over-represented - also not a surprise . 
  i 'm really surprised a turk does n't know this tbh , even if secular . 
  non-muslims are also banned from medina . 
  the only other situation like this i can think of off the top of my head is one of the greek islands only allows male orthodox clergy , but i dunno if that 's really a good comparison as mecca and medina are large functioning cities . 
   interesting view and if you do n't mind ; how is salazar viewed in the modern portugal ? 
  you 'll find people with very varied opinions . 
  i 'd say most people lean heavily neutral to be honest . 
  he 's not really hated or celebrated by 90 % of the population , at least that 's been my experience . 
  honestly , i think they 've basically all been trying to re-enact jon stewart from the george bush days , and although they 're not terrible at it , the result is the `` one-note '' style you noted . 
  the problem is that the last batch of republicans are objectively not as goofy as george bush and sarah palin were , so it 's not as universally funny unless you really hate trump . 
  that 's just my take anyways . 
  some people value moral issues more than economic ones . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  nutrition has a bigger impact than education on iq test results . 
  it 's not `` music '' that is haram in the hanafi and hanbali madhabs , it 's anything that would have a primary purpose of instigating dance . 
  a lot of shayks decide that this means all instruments . 
  there was actually a fatwa by some scholar declaring beatboxing to be dangerous as it is attempting to deceive for the purpose of inciting dance . 
  i was implying that anti-hispano sentiment is exaggerated , based on my experience nobody cared . 
   ive heard the us has some . . well some americans have bad opinions on latin americans and hispanics ( ? ), 
  maybe on tumblr . 
   does that sentiment also carry over to iberians ? 
  or were people mostly ignorant about you being european and just assuming you were from latin america ? 
  i do n't think most people really considered there to be much of a difference between european white hispanics and south american ones tbh . 
  most cubans/venezuelan/colombians in my area were white ( er ) than caribbean hispanics . 
  i think this is even more true in the south us . 
  i ca n't speak to the bad opinion thing because in the northeast there is n't mexicans and i think most anti- `` hispanic '' sentiment is related to the 10 % of the us population that are illegals from central america . 
  i 'm usually just happy we exist . 
  for some reason we are ` no data ' or completely ignored on a lot of these maps . 
  i think it 's because pew does n't poll here for some reason . 
  the us , at least the nyc area where i lived is really weird about this . 
  everything remotely related to spanish language becomes ` spanish ' . 
  it becomes like a macro-description of hispanophones . 
  like how all europeans are ` white ' but also bosnian , french , whatever . 
  in nyc you can say this sentence and nobody blinks : ` that group of spanish girls were so funny last night , the dominican one was beautiful too ' . 
  to signifiy you were ethnically spanish or something i think they would say ` jose , the guy * from spain * ' . 
  it 's weird even i was referred to as ` spanish ' a lot , but that 's another story ... 
   but only properly integrated people should get citizenship through naturalisation people only `` integrate '' when they are a very small minority . 
  in other words , if you import 5 immigrants to a city they will integrate . 
  if you import 5,000 they will make their own part of the city . 
  there 's evidence for this literally all over the globe , but people ( see : politicians ) keep trying to put a square peg into a round hole for some reason . 
  oh it was mercedes . 
  i knew it was one of them , got offered a job by both that would have had me moving to the deep south . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
   i have no idea what `` steps ahead on nuclear '' actually means you know exactly what it means . 
  europeans cry about clean energy then protest the construction of the cleanest and most efficient energy source available . 
  in the last week i 've given up on debating this topic . 
  people seem to think that because us does n't join this organization they will immediately start dumping nuclear waste into the ocean . 
  the us is already steps ahead on nuclear compared to every eu country except france . 
  their waste removal and recycling # 's seem to be ahead of everyone except scandinavia . 
  people throw out misleading stats * by volume * instead of * per capita * and quietly forget to mention that the us population is 350 million people . 
  how difficult is this to do in austria ? 
  i feel like where i live it 's quite difficult to buy local wrt food despite my best wishes to do so . 
  just finding locally sourced non-specialty meat is nearly impossible , and shamefully i have n't even looked into vegetables but i 'm not optimistic . 
  pretty much all of them are afaik . 
  there 's also some models of ford cars etc. 
  that are * only * made in europe , and i believe the same holds true for bmw and stuff in us ( i know for sure that most bmw 's in the us are made in alabama ) . 
  hopefully people can forgive my condescension , but the entire op screams of low-information high-emotion teenager . 
  i also give this a 5-10 % chance of being satire/trolling . 
  this almost reads like the type of `` progressive '' ranting that / pol / would sneer at . 
  they punch way above their weight at ice hockey , have my personal favorite eu beers , actually is kind of nice highway drives for people who like that type of things . 
  i think prague is the cultural capital of europe , probably the first place i recommend most people to go when they ask for ideas for a holiday . 
  people say pros\u00edm a lot . 
  beef svickova , maybe not the most delicious european dish but it has a real charm to it and is something i always recommend as well . 
  i just love czech republic , even if i ca n't say exactly why . 
  also , the people are generally quite nice and helpful . 
  north mexico was/is overwhelmingly white back then and even today .
