  i have been saying this for the last ten years ... 
  it 's a small number of people who have been saying this at the national level . '', 
  damn !, 
  i have no dog in this fight and this is intense, 
  ca n't explain it really well , they tend to stress the ending of words a little more than mainlander , and generally talk a bit more ` singing ' style , like a lighter form of brasil . 
  they also talk noticably slower in my opinion . 
  [ here is link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyifvykgatw ) of a\u00e7ores tv . 
  maybe you can compare to op vid and see what i mean . 
  by position i do n't mean geography , but their situation/circumstance . 
  [ the osman beylik ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b0/anatolian_beyliks_in_1300.png ) is what the ottoman empire started from . 
  when you hear it , it is obviously a romance language and uses many similar sounds to portuguese but you ca n't understand anything . 
  it 's just a cool thing , this romance language that developed around a sea of slav languages . 
  every time i see these timelapses i 'm always amazed at how rapid iberia and the ottomans went from really bad positions to massive world powers . 
  it 's also somewhat surprising that italy unified and has been so stable . 
  romanian will forever confuse me, 
  are the portuguese people you met from the islands ? 
  she has a fairly standard mainland portuguese accent but i feel like people from a\u00e7ores and madeira are kind of over-represented as far as living in other countries goes . 
  greek is probably my favorite language to listen to . 
  that being said , it sounds nothing like portuguese . 
  i can understand the spanish comparison though . 
  it sort of does sound like a spanish with a lot more th and hard k sounds . 
  ( we do n't really have th at all and very few hard k type sounds in portuguese , but they are somewhat common in spanish ), 
  people have no idea . 
  i dunno who the pkk 's pr firm is but it 's incredible how many people just parrot the idea that the kurds are some ultra oppressed underclass in turkey or syria . 
  sure kurds could benefit from some better representation but half of reddit seems to think they live in gulags or something . 
  the olympics are a fucking sham . 
  has there ever been any serious pushes by muslim communities in countries like france or the uk to approve polygamy ? 
  this seems like talking about something people are n't really asking for or practicing in large numbers . 
   again proving the obvious . 
  that demographics beat ideology yeah . 
  i 'm not a big right wing guy but i do n't see how this is n't the most logical result . 
  just the way things seem to be going . 
  at least iberia is n't moving as fast as the rest of western europe but i feel instinctively it 's about when not if . 
  i 'm very confident that soon we will see europe cave and allow polygamy to appease muslim immigrants . 
  perhaps i 'm a pessimist though . 
  also i think it is ridiculous that in the anglo press you basically have to be mr. phillips or thomas sowell to even get press in the first place . 
  yeah , i 'm also not a fan of that . 
  beyond the questionable form of censoring any particular state media it 's mildly insulting to the user base . 
  even europeans who are n't too political or whatever know that rt is a russian state outlet and take that into consideration when reading sources from them . 
  mods here should ask / r/syriancivilwar how solid the bbc 's reporting on syria has been , maybe we can ban them too !, 
   labour 's management said that it will check candidates after two of its mps with turkish origins left the party after clashing with integration minister lodewijk asscher over his stand towards turkish organizations in the netherlands . 
  when they say turkish origins here do they mean dual-citizens born in turkey or 2nd/3rd generation dutch citizens maintaining strong ties to turkey ? 
  also , this happened in 2014 , why is it being reported now ? 
  this is a very weird news article for various reasons . 
  my best guess is it 's a transliteration/bad translation and they 're trying to ask if they 're germanic , latin , or slav basically . 
  here 's a nice [ youtube debate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otm2okt_li8 ) that pretty much perfectly displays a regressive leftist ( a woman who has actually lived in the middle east no less ) . 
  not a big fan of either party here but it was fucking incredible watching this woman try to minimize female genital mutilation and say that it must be put into ` context ' . 
  how the fuck do you put that into context ever . 
  trigger warning : video will probably make you furious if you 're not a big fan of genital mutilation, 
  i really hope to see the day that these governing bodies just accept it and allow medically supervised ` doping ' . 
  there 's a big problem with doping and ` ped ' reporting in general where they often do n't seperate what is a true steroid , or something like ephedrine or even aderall/study drugs . 
  the fact of the matter is it 's very possible to safely take ped 's under doctor supervision , and as the current environment is now you have a situation where nearly all competitors have to use doping ( esp . 
  in endurance sports ) just to compete because at the end of the day such a high % of athletes are doing it . 
  endurance sports are basically a two part competition now , 1st is who can dope and get away with it and 2nd is who out of those people win the race/competition . 
  we have this in southern portugal somewhat too . 
  it 's notable that british immigrants seem to take a much less active approach to learning the language than people from other countries . 
  there 's a fair amount of americans and canadians here as well and they seem to be a lot more active in at least learning passable portuguese . 
  all just anecdotes i guess , but it 's the type of thing people notice and talk about at least in my city . 
  i would n't be surprised if portugal is even less ` integration-friendly ' than spain . 
  do n't even bother . 
  the fact crimea has voted to join russia at every point possible since 1992 seems to escape a lot of people here . 
  it 's an annoying hypocrisy indeed . 
  falkland islanders speak english , feel british , vote overwhelmingly to join uk ? 
  democracy in action , fuck off argentine retards . 
  crimeans speak russian , feel russian , vote overwhelmingly to join russia literally every time possible since end of ussr ? 
  totally different thing !, 
  do n't you know ? 
  it 's not possible for russian people to want to be russian !, 
  trimming only the moustache is pretty popular in jihadi / very conservative islamist circles due to the belief that muhammad was the ideal man and it 's written in a few hadiths that this was the facial hair style he kept . 
  examples : [ 1 ] ( https://behindthenewsisrael.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/isis-bomber-yemen-dutch.jpg?w=599 ) , [ 2 ] ( http://rudaw.net/contentfilesarchive/170061image1.jpg ) , [ 3 ] ( http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article34298784.ece/alternates/h342/mohamed-mahmoud.jpg ) , [ 4 ] ( http://static1.businessinsider.com/image/53dd67f5ecad04eb66f580f5/saudi-officials-think-isis-fighters-may-hit-them-next.jpg ) , [ 5 ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/taub-isis-foreign-fighters-1200.jpg ) . 
  i do n't grow a lot of facial hair , but i can definitely grow a thickish moustache faster than a ` pubic beard ' . 
  unfortunately i ca n't find the video at the moment , but there was a really good sermon by an imam i found talking about how much he hated jihadi 's adopting the ` muhammad ' facial hair style and in his view not living up to the prophet 's ideals otherwise , basically pointing out the superficiality in a lot of jihadi beliefs . 
  he more or less accused them of virtue signaling but with horrific consequences . 
  there 's a lot more burkas in london than madrid . 
  i know 11 % is a lot but i feel like in spain most of them are fairly ` latinized ' moroccans or africans who can ( somewhat ) natively speak spanish . 
  it 's not quite the same immigrant demographic as there are in other states . 
  was n't elam the name of the party that supported the greek military coupe and wanted to form a union with greece way back then ? 
  i hope this thread is n't locked because this story is interesting to me in a meta-sense . 
  i wonder if the bbc would publish this if not for a mini blogger/twitter shitstorm . 
  in fact , twitter things actually push a lot of ` public interest , stories it seems . 
  also , with the syrian conflict , which i 've taken a great interest in , i 'm more skeptical than ever of euro major media reporting and it 's interesting to see how they word certain things . 
   and in another facebook post from march 2014 , she used an expletive to describe jews before adding : `` i hate them so much . '', 
  the specific tweet mentioned there loosely translated ( it was a mix of dutch and latinized arabic ) read : `` fucking jews , i swear i hate them so much , i seek refuge in allah '' . 
  could be nothing , but i find it notable they omitted detailing the more recent tweet . 
  i did n't know something like this existed . 
  it 's fascinating . 
  what 's with all the russian guys being sought for conspiracy to commit mercenary murder , jesus . 
  to get on interpol does it have to be assumed the person has fled their home country ? 
  alright , let 's make this simple . 
  what was the penalty under the numerous caliphates for not paying jizya ? 
  in my experience a lot of europeans and especially patagonian latinos have a huge double standard with america 's southern border controversy . 
  ask an argentine if he thinks argentina should do more to stop illegal bolivian immigration and it 's all ` claro , obvio ' . 
  ask them about the u.s. and mexicans and suddenly they 're evil bad racists . 
  i 'll go a step further and say that the racial element is 10x more of a factor in argentina/bolivia than it is in us/mex as well . 
  this is like saying american slaves gladly accepted slavery because they were fed and housed better than they would be enslaved by a warlord in ghana . 
  it 's fucking absurd . 
  i think the american issue is partially economics . 
  they have such a large volume of illegals that deporting non-criminal ones en masse would actually cost the state significantly more than allowing them to stay . 
  can you tell why georgia is called vrastan ? 
  does it mean something specific in armenian ?
