   `` i have said this over and over and over again . 
  they are ruining our country , and when they finally figure out that their actions are n't sustainable , and try to flee it because they do n't like the mess they themselves created ... other countries should watch out . '', 
  / u/cvbnh warning europe about the jews in america, 
  i you 're aware both of the donors are from jewish organizations correct ? 
  lol , be honest , you did n't read the article . 
  knowing that 100 % of the donations were from jewish groups in the us makes your comments and others look like hilarious anti-semitic dogwhistles . 
  would help if you read the article i guess . 
  you should probably read the article . 
  ah my apologies , very early here and my brain is 10 % , bad reading comprehension . 
  gl in your uni search . 
  ~ ~ so you 're an illegal in the us or what ? 
  wtf does mexican parents have to do with anything . ~ ~ i 'm an idiot, 
  i studied in the us , and it does n't work this way lol . 
  the us gives us cheap ( er than what they pay ) uni for the same reason we give them cheaper . 
  it makes your universities look better to have international students and builds good connections across the ocean . 
  also , depending on what country you are from a lot of the funds used to aid foreigners come from private donations rather than public funds . 
  idk but it makes me very uncomfortable and is n't really representative of my irl experience, 
  i 'm wearing a slav suit right now as it 's kind of cold here ( 13c !, 
  brutal ! ), 
  very comfortable , i 'm glad to appropriate this key aspect of slav culture . 
  we had the mediterranean and exchanged a lot of ideas over 10k years or so . 
  yeah , never gon na happen unfortunately . 
  there 's some hilarious double standards in how apologetic uk likes to get about certain former colonies and exploited regions but not others like ireland . 
  i think your opinion is not popular for some reason , but i also 100 % agree with you . 
  not sure why governments continuously pass declarations apologizing or recognizing historical events 100 + years ago . 
  in a way it comes off almost arrogant . 
  there 's videos of her getting confronted/protested by ethnic armenians in the us all over youtube . 
  [ here 's a kinda funny / `` cringe '' example ] ( https://youtu.be/sys74gmuc0a?t=51 ), 
   that 's not consistent then . 
  portugal and hungary overstays significantly more often than both poland and * bulgaria . 
  they overstay about 1 % more , and that 's factoring in that they are visa-free and poland is not . 
  put in other words , * even with requiring a visa * , a comparable amount of poles illegally immigrate to countries who do not . 
  if you remove the visa filter , do you think polish illegal immigration will rise ? 
  that 's a rhetorical question , because the answer is quite obvious , and i think it 's fair to suggest it would rise by more than 1 % but who knows . 
  so poles , even when they must acquire a visa , still manage to overstay more than many countries who require no visa ? 
  you 're not making the argument you think you are with this data . 
  when i looked into this a few years ago when it was a hot topic i came across the data for illegal immigrants in us . 
  poles were something insane like 5x more than any other eu country for overstaying visas . 
  i 'm not making an argument for or against , but there is indeed evidence that the us has an issue with illegal immigrant poles specifically . 
  by contrast it 's rare to have a large population of illegal americans in any eu country and i 'm not convinced that it 's reasonable to demand equal visa standards when illegal immigration is only flowing ( mostly ) one way . 
  vaffanculllooo, 
  out of all the food i like to be arrogant and hate on in europe , `` english breakfast '' is # 1 . 
  why the hell would you eat any of that for breakfast . 
  and why do british people hate fruit ? 
  i think this is where the `` pink panther '' group of high level thieves is from . 
  the guys who steal diamonds from dubai and stuff . 
  sadly , that 's all i know about montenegro :(, 
  as long as you 're clearly not saying gracias its ok . 
  \u00bf has visto el series ` gomorrah ' ( el series , no la pelicula ) ? 
  as a trans bisexual polyamorous muslim i think you should stop talking to me so oppressively . 
  i guess germany ca n't shake it 's bigotry !, 
  call me when neo-nazis set up multiple de facto states such as in libya , syria , iraq and afghanistan , and have 1000 's of women uprooting themselves to live there . 
  but you wo n't be calling me , probably ever . 
  because there 's a different element and dynamic to jihadism than neo-nazis despite ham fisted attempts to trot out a ` poor disaffected uneducated youth ' theory that is n't based on reality . 
  do i have to spam links to the endless studies about how jihadis are more highly educated than average , how popular wahabbism amongst the * upper class * in pakistan and india , how women are notably frequent supporters of isis contrary to other extremist ideologies , or maybe even direct jihadi propagandists like abu baraa and bilal abdul karim ? 
  yeah , totally the same as the ( generously guesstimated ) 50k hardcore neo-nazis globally that manage to kill 100 people a year maximum . 
  what a joke . 
  it 's just some retarded bullshit that people who do n't know anything about islam or extremist islam say because it makes them feel better than to accept the reality of : jihadis are simply true believers . 
  if they make up a poverty excuse ( plenty of middle class + fighters in isis ) , or an education excuse ( the fact that engineers are overrepresented massively in jihadis has been written about endlessly ) , or a ` ppl stereotyping muslims as terrorists makes them become terrorists ' ( just lol ) excuse it 's a lot more comfortable than accepting that religion is the primary motivator . 
  catholicism ftw . 
  ah guess i had it a little confused , very cool thanks . 
  the french loanwords no ? 
  i 'm sure there is a few more but i ca n't think of any off the top of my head ( no\u00ebl in reference to christmas maybe ? ), 
  this was officially removed from our language relatively recently ( early 90s maybe ? 
  not sure ) . 
  but yeah , you see it in older texts all the time . 
  i think \u00f6 might have been there a couple hundred years back as well . 
  so if i migrate to the uk and turn up at a hospital they 'll turn me away ? 
  so it 's more than the us minimum wage + free health care ? 
   i guess there 's a certain percentage of immigrants who do very well and balance it out ? 
  yeah . 
  indian and east asian immigrants tend to be high income . 
  it 's not part of this data but i 've read other data which suggests both those groups actually make more than the native population on average . 
  also , 11 % does n't * sound * too bad , but when factoring the economic + / - of immigration it still weighs heavily in the negative bracket imo , at least with regard to the public sector . 
  ` diversity ' meaning a bunch of segregated neighborhoods sure . 
  russians in sunny isles and aventura . 
  cubans in hialeah . 
  little haiti , overtown , white/french people up in hollywood . 
  at best you can make an argument that the prs drs and venezuelans mix a bit but when you actually pay attention to social circles even that is a loose fit . 
  but yes , you 're right , every ` multicultural ' city in the world has very clear and visible ethnic self-segregation . 
  having lived in the us i think you are correct . 
  if every european had to live in miami for 2 years they 'd probably understand the hamburger peoples concerns for europe , or at least understand the wider skepticism about ` integration ' . 
  globally immigrants tend to do much more poorly than advertised . 
  i think there is a social effect to treat immigration a lot more positively than the reality dictates . 
  [ in america for instance ] ( http://cis.org/sites/cis.org/files/camarota-welfare-final.pdf ) , a country generally perceived to be among the best at integrating , almost a majority ( 46 % i think ) are still receiving welfare after 20 years of citizenship . 
  immigrants in the u.s. as a whole contribute 11 % less tax on average when compared to natural born citizens . 
  in many ways it 's not as horrible as some make it out to be , but it 's certainly not the clear cut positive that most outlets i read tend to frame it as either . 
   societal problems do n't go away because you just ignore them . 
  they grow . 
  people consistently ignore birthrate in these discussions . 
  there 's sufficient data now to show that a much larger portion of 2nd/3rd gen tanned swedes commit crime and generally experience worse outcomes than the pale swedes . 
  they also have almost double the birthrate . 
  in 50 years it will probably result in similar crime levels that you see in ` average ' us cities . 
  perhaps both sides of the immigration question are ` right ' here , in that it wo n't be mosul in the future , but it certainly wo n't be stockholm of the 90 's either . 
  they are all portuguese to me . 
  from the islands , to the farm , to the 2k euro / month flat in lisboa . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  what gap ? 
  reminds me of [ this great ad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lcvbneho48 ) , if not perfectly related . 
  yeah , and they made sure not to cover their arms or show their hair like the docile spineless women they are .
