  all that being said , i 'm hoping for a trump victory and the eu taking a hard spiteful stance on this so i can od on popcorn . 
  if you 're an unemployed 19 year old polish student , you wo n't be visiting the u.s. unless you 're accompanied by your employed polish parents in most circumstances . 
  not really . 
  i believe the passport rate for current 15-30 year olds is significantly higher . 
  prior to 9/11 americans did not require a passport to visit most of the caribbean , canada , and mexico . 
  in other words , the only need for a passport for an american 15 years ago was specifically to travel to asia , south america or europe , which is n't something  35 % of the population was likely to do . 
  i 'm sure  35 % of europeans have n't been to the americas or asia either . 
  theo what are you on about . 
  the u.s. is incredibly transparent about why they require visas from poland and romania among others , and it 's certainly logical . 
  they were massively over-represented in overstaying visas compared to other eu countries . 
  there 's no retarded and angry segment of the u.s. population demanding non-greek eastern europeans be made to apply for visas . 
  the average american probably ca n't even point out romania on a map and has never even met one in their life . 
  this particular decision was literally made based off decades of data ... 
  i very rarely see ` hate ' for muslims here . 
  there 's a difference between cultural preservation and hate for other cultures . 
  things said here are incredibly mild compared to what would be said on arab language forums if even 50,000 christian brits moved to medina , amman or even dhaka . 
  make it so upvote/downvotes do n't have effect and does n't let you post . 
  used to stop vote manipulation mostly , but its pretty simple to work around ... 
  i 'm surprised a labour guy won after all the anti-jew stuff around in the media last few weeks . 
  sweden has abused spouse syndrome . 
  always making excuses about why they deserve to be beat , begging the police not to arrest the abusive spouse . 
  that is absolute insanity . 
  you obviously have been socially conditioned to some extent . 
  you think swiss and belarusians are n't fully european too ? 
  i live in a tourist city and see people doing this all the time and i * hate it * . 
  frankly , i think there is an ego element to it too . 
  half the time the people would just rather `` show off '' their english than try to help someone practice portuguese . 
  even worse , sometimes the same people talk about how bad portuguese all the spanish/british people speak . 
  well , no shit , half the time they talk portuguese to you , you change to * their * language and deny them an opportunity to improve . 
  anyways , i know that feel bro . 
  well , the best way to respect the dead is to open the borders more i guess . 
  keep calm and carry on , they wont stop us from living our lives ( they 'll just massacre us bi-weekly ) . 
  swedes remind me of abused spouses lol . 
  `` it 's my fault he beats me , i was n't submissive and kind enough , i forgot to make him a sandwich , i had a bad attitude '', 
  the reward for these people is eternity in paradise . 
  this is just the western ignorance of mena culture . 
  people simply do not want to believe that if they gave a ` democracy ' to most of these countries they would immediately elect a hardline islamist into office ( like what happened in egypt just a few years back ) . 
  you can explain to them that islam should not be the key aspect of government , you can talk about secular values , but the common people will just think you are trying to replace them or their way of life with western decadence . 
  westerners do n't want to believe this because it 's uncomfortable and feels `` bad '' to suggest people are too `` simple '' to understand why your lgbt rights marches are the better option over islam . 
  well most of those civilians are ethnic and religious minorities killed by the peaceful moderate secular democratic rebellion , so ? 
  1st one is very nice , thanks man !, 
  how many christians are left in syria ? 
  by fighting assad , we are sending the message that we approve of the christian genocide by your retarded logic . 
  anyone got some good house/trance mixes for driving , let me know . 
  going on an epic road trip to andalucia next week !, 
  one of my workers is from st. p. and says he thinks the young kids are out of school this week for spring break . 
  i feel sick . 
  this article is a month old , but anyways ... 
  i really hate nyt reporting on france . 
  seriously , it 's like they * hate * france every time i read nyt writing about them . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  i 'm trying to imagine the reverse happening in europe but it 's pretty difficult to even entertain the idea . 
  er , i 'm pretty far to the right and : 1 ) militant right wing ? 
  where ? 
  2 ) we ( anti-eu or right leaning people in general ) are a pretty small minority here 3 ) the only real critique most ppl in my righty social circle have about these policies is a fear of an endless debt circle where we pay off debt with debt 4 ) you 're aware a lot of this came from cutting social investment ? 
  kind of a right-ish economic position this is n't really a very partisan issue in portugal honestly, 
  hahahah jajajaja op you gon na get banned m8 . 
   probably worse in the south and reservations though lol, 
  lol do you post to / r/bakchodi ? 
  - i know panathanaikos has the best football kit , and had one of the biggest noses in football history ( papadopoulos ) . 
  i 'll never forget watching them beat us in the euro with his huge nose . 
  - greek food is 2nd best on earth , and i can say maybe 1st if you like vegetarian options . 
  i always make a mousaka when i have cookouts . 
  - plato 's * the republic * is one of the most important things ever written . 
  - greeks love to have pictures of jesus and mary in their house and restaurant , esp if they are a woman  40 years old . 
  - malaka is a top 5 euro language insult - do n't call fyrom makedonia - us seems to poll bad with greeks , but when i lived in nyc there was greeks everywhere ( both tourists and permanent residents ) . 
  in the northeast there is even a distinction between `` greek pizza '' and `` italian pizza '' , but idk if this greek pizza exists in the same style in greece . 
  ( ` greek ' pizza in us is vastly superior ) - greeks and spaniards have the same accent when speaking english almost - greeks have mandatory military service , and it can be extended if you do something bad ( or so i 've been told ) . 
  - litsa diamanti and this `` laiko '' music is enjoyable . 
  i love greece and greeks !, 
  the obvious answer here is yes , and it 's made exceptionally clear by the quite large general shift in attitude toward scottish independence . 
  probably something to be said about the frowning on of independence movements until it means leaving a federalised europe . 
  i live in tourist portugal and i can usually distinguish them by them : - saying `` bud '' or buddy a lot , e , g ` whats up bud ! '', 
  - pointing out they are n't american frequently - being more drunk than typical americans hierarchy of anglo drunks from most to least : english , scottish , australian , irish , canada then us far at bottom . 
  pula mea romania , who is paying for this ? 
   from what i hear , it 's primarily the republican states that do things like gerrymandering [ yeah republican gerrymandering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illinois's_4th_congressional_district ) ( not endorsing gerrymandering but you 'll find a lot of americans to be quite erm ... hypocritical about this , or at least selective with examples ) . 
  i 'm not even going to address voter id , if you believe it is ` racist ' to require id to vote we 're never gon na agree and it 's a waste of time . 
  this is n't really something i care to debate , if you want to look further into it yourself feel free . 
  the idea that republicans oppress minority voters is about equal in accuracy to the belief that half of sweden lives in sharia law and there is a muslim riot every 3 hours . 
  most people saying those things have n't looked into it themselves and then just repeat it like it 's true cause they heard someone else say it . 
  i was shocked at how * easy * it was to vote in the us , let alone the fact that you literally just have to sign an ` affidavit ' saying you promise you are who you say you are to vote in some states . 
  ** only 7 us states even require photo id to vote . 
  ** really , think about that . 
  it all varies by state . 
  in the state i was in it appeared every single church/mosque and school was a voting area . 
  every time i look into these claims , they look more bullshit . 
  us has very low voter turnout in general and people will look at an area with 30 % black turnout and suggest ` suppression ' is the cause while ignoring the turnout is the same for all other demographics . 
  the ` gerrymandering ' can be problematic but i 've seen the same people who complain about it magically decide it 's ok when chicago did it to force latinos to have representation . 
  if you look into these claims beyond a headline or small article , they are almost always bullshit . 
  it 's harder to vote in the netherlands and my country than almost anywhere in the us . 
  in the state i lived in , people did not even need id , you just had to sign a piece of paper promising you are who you say you are and write in contact info . 
  this meme about vote suppression in us is partisan hackery . 
   turkish name of orange fruit ( portakal ) is related with portugal . 
  really cool , i never knew that . 
  one thing i find annoying on the internet ( at least anglo places i visit ) is people seem to think that this system is like a utopia and wonderful . 
  i do n't * hate * it , but it still does n't sit well with me that in a lot of ways heroin/opiate addiction is effectively enabled . 
  people always think portuguese are thinking this policy is 100 % great but at least in my personal social circle it 's still kind of debated . 
  the idea is good , but the system could be improved and i wish there was more focus on rehab . 
  i think a lot of people , if they submit something , they downvote other new things to try to get theirs more visible . 
  not sure it 's just this sub .
