just because you could do something logistically does n't mean it 's ideal for quality of life . 
  the us had massive resources , eventually had two oceans to access for trade routes , and is a significantly lower population density to nearly all of europe to this day ( and obviously even more so when it was first being settled ) . 
  it is also noteworthy that they offer far less social services than nearly all of europe . 
  medical care being the most obvious . 
  they 're not even remotely comparable . 
  this really bothered me actually . 
  those people ( clearly ) live in a conflict zone and are probably pretty scared on a day to day basis . 
  showing her face after she explicitly asked not to be filmed combined with the things she and the other woman were saying could put her at serious risk . 
  you 're thinking of the wrong criticisms i 'm pretty sure . 
  for me , the day i unbookmarked vice was when they sent two clearly upper middle class nyc hipsters to do a `` story '' on a trucker strip club in rural new mexico and the basic gist of the story was `` ohhh my goddd , these women have like , shitty lives , wowwwww '' . 
  how does a murder-suicide in switzerland where the victims/perps are n't even named fit into any agenda at all ? 
  i was impressed by the attention to detail in spain as the ` th ' style is not uniform here . 
  i would maybe add a few dark orange spots in galicia as well but overall it was well done . 
  super glad i 'm not alone in this opinion . 
  i do n't think ` because mafia can carry it easy ' is justification for this . 
  maybe i 'm a paranoid guy , but i fear the day where cash is n't a thing and every transaction is electronically monitored even tho it seems like it 's just a matter of time . 
  what 's worse is i actually own a few purples and i ca n't decide if i should exchange them or hold on to them if maybe they will have collector value in the future . 
  er this looks like you play eu4 and it effected the searches . 
  spain is the emperor ? 
  sweden is overpowered ? 
  it 's like 30 % geography and 70 % mostly competent monarchs with good political tact in ensuring there is always one strong ally that would make a strong deterrant ( usually england , sometimes others ) . 
  in the late middle ages portugal also had a lot to offer potential allied navies with access to places like cape verde , sao tome and to a lesser extent goa . 
  as much as we pretend we were badass i think we just always made intelligent decisions in how we formed alliances/trade agreements . 
  it also helps that spain was the only people we really needed to keep happy . 
  unlike poland , france or italian areas if an army wanted to reach portugal they 'd have to march through multiple states or deal with our badass navy . 
  dunno if you 're trolling or being funny or what , but yes literally every single one of those groups you mentioned adopted islam thru turkification . 
  i guess you could argue the caucauses got it from the golden horde or astrakhan but that 's a bit controversial, 
  turkified europeans are n't really what people think of when considering `` european values '' . 
  i keep seeing talk of this trend in all kinds of places and countries and it 's beyond bizarre . 
  kids are kids and are going to do goofy things . 
  actively trying to treat a 4-year old as transgender just because they say they feel like a boy/girl when they are born something else is child abuse . 
  when i was 4 years old i probably would have told you i was actually a velociraptor and half believed it if you gave me positive reinforcement . 
   so native and indigenous muslim europeans are cabbage europeans . 
  : / they did n't exist until around 1400 's unless you 're taking a really broad definition when you say ` indigenous ' . 
  it 's just annoying to see intellectually lazy attempts to explain away incredibly disproportionate violent crime rates as a result of ` poverty and discrimination ' . 
  surely if that was all there was to it then gypsies would have 4x the murder rate of other groups in the eu , but that is not the case . 
  there is obviously other factors at play , and personally as i stated before i suspect it is linked to the incredibly high % of single-mother households . 
  [ compare this to crime heatmaps ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/11/upshot/the-north-south-divide-on-two-parent-families.html ) . 
  well , you probably do n't have to , since most people already know . 
  when compared to european percentages , the u.s. is very high in general . 
  according to a quick google in portugal 15 % of children are raised by single parents , in the u.s. it appears to be 25-30 . 
  it 's quite significant imo . 
  [ 2 of the 3 poorest states are in the lowest 25th percentile of murder rate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_violence_in_the_united_states_by_state ) . 
  they have lower murder rates than estonia despite nearly 3x the poverty rate . 
  are estonians racist against themselves ? 
  lol you really think it 's ` systemic racism ' that mystically tricks black americans into killing each other at  4x the rate of every other demographic in america ? 
  my money is on the 78 % father-less rate , but everyone is entitled to their opinion . 
  lol u mad, 
  can you list me the christian countries where homosexuality is currently punishable by death please . 
  furthermore , is there a christian belief that financially supporting any of those countries via tourism is mandated ? 
  also lol @ racist . 
  i was replying to this :  so , violent and stupid xenophobic violence is what hate crimes against the sikh community usually come down to . 
  this is simply not true . 
  it 's not about xenophobia . 
  muslims globally commit acts like in this article against sihk 's specifically because they think it 's religiously mandated . 
  i get it some dumb rednecks in america commit hate crimes against sihk 's . 
  they 're like < 1 % of total hate crimes globally . 
  the vast majority involve religiously motivated muslims whether you like it or not . 
  there are numerous hadith and quranic verses that explicitly state pagans and false prophets should be ostracized at best and disposed of at worst . 
  this is n't ` stupid xenophobia ' , it 's an integral part of sunni islam . 
  i dont ` know ' it for 100 % sure of course , but it 's highly probable due to his surname , his wife 's hijab style , and his opting to go fully clean shaven . 
  moderately off topic , but it really pisses me off that major news outlets like the bbc intentionally omit relevant details about the subjects in articles like this . 
  they could have provided a lot of interesting insight by pointing out that the afghan family in this article are * shia muslims * and asked him about inter-refugee relations with sunni , christian and other refugees but they just completely omit that . 
  95 % + of the people reading an article like this are n't going to recognize that they are shia and it 's a facet of the whole immigration thing that is constantly brushed off . 
  surprise noone mentioned it , but the portugues student might not realize that a pole would think of them as anything but white . 
  i think it 's fair to say that most ethnic portuguese consider themselves white and would be surprised to find someone thinking they were arab or whatever . 
  many british people are surprisingly ignorant about the history of the malvinas . 
  i 've encountered numerous ( presumed ) brits on reddit who really seem to have no idea that there were both french and spanish military bases on those islands before brits ever settled there . 
  i suspect it 's a legacy of wartime propaganda which is understandable but i just find it odd how much imperialist sentiment many express for that island . 
  maybe i 'm a cynic but the uk gov ' t surely cares more about antarctica access and fishing rights than the rights of the islanders . 
  the average ` progressive ' / r/europe visitor is n't aware of the general sunni islam perspective regarding sihks and hindus . 
  i think they also are inffected with americitis , and think because one time some redneck in america shot up a sihk temple that eu region nationalists would do the same . 
  it is insane to call this a ` confused ' crime . 
  presuming the kids who did it are isis sympathizers it really does n't take an elite level journalist to learn that sihks , shia and hindus are their # 1 enemy , and everything else comes after that . 
  isis literally prints magazines in english telling people to prioritize killing ` treacherous polytheists ' . 
  maybe this is a controversial opinion ( although i hope not ) , but if your kid is < ~ 14 years old and you 're choosing that they are a gender they were n't born as it is absolutely child abuse . 
  i think a trump win would be most interesting , and probably best for america . 
  that said , it would be for sure the worst for poland . 
  lol stop pretending you do n't understand my bad spanish , it 's petty and childish . 
  you 're obviously emotionally involved here . 
  my point was very clear . 
  not everyone skips the line out of desperation , and you know it . 
  you tried to act like illegals have a divine right to illegally enter the us because their life is hard . 
  you 're presuming 1 ) all illegals have a hard life 2 ) no illegals skip the legal peocess because they 're logistically incapable or barred with good cause . 
  both of these are false presumptions . 
  you think all of the illegal guatemalans , hondurans and salvadorans in mexico are there for viturous reasons too ? 
  two things 1 ) i think this should be set to ` new ' suggested and maybe stay up for a week at a time as a general off topic thread for small things , could be neat . 
  2 ) i just learned today when you click the europe at the top of the sub it makes that eu flag animation , it 's really cool !, 
  mate i 've lived in the us and attended uni there in the northeast . 
  i 'm not saying he would n't be popular otherwise , but believe me being a new york jew who was active in civil rights and moved to vermont gives him a mountain of ` street cred ' with a lot of dem supporters . 
  clinton is pretty firmly in the pro-israel pro-ksa anti-iran camp , which is directly where the ksa prefers all western politicians to be for mysterious reasons . 
  having a hard life is n't carte blanche to break the law or deserve sympathy . 
  if you 're so sympathetic , go give your local bum all your money , i 'm sure he 's struggling with mental illness or past emotional trauma that resulted in his life of addiction and petty crime . 
  yes dude , some people do have to skip the line , because you ca n't enter the line if you 're already a convicted criminal , child abuser , whatever . 
  stop trying to paint responsible border screening as some kind of civil rights violation with no practical motivation . 
  lol you 're not too up on hillary 's foreign policy are you ... she 's a lot more george bush than obama when it comes to foreign policy , particularly regarding ksa , israel and iran . 
  she 's been a pretty consistent warhawk and pro-meddling with regard to the middle east her entire career . 
  some argue her politcal circle and cia effectively assassinated gadafi in a roundabout way . 
  that 's probably the biggest negative for most people . 
  a hillary presidency would probably result in re-igniting us-iran tensions , strengthening bonds with ksa and israel .
