  that 's probably a bit of a long game though . 
  i suspect her motivations may be a bit dark here personally , but of course it 's just a hunch . 
   besides , being against immigration while being portuguese is not very reasonable . 
  what does this even mean . 
  because portugal has a colonial history it should have open borders ? 
  since we base everything today on the past should we start demanding turkey returns istanbul and smyrna to greece ? 
  should portugal cede half its territory to isis so they can rejoin a caliphate ? 
  there 's plenty of reasons to be pro-immigration , guilt or making reparations from things portugal did when it was a despotic monarchy is n't one of them . 
  there 's no point in even posting this here honestly . 
  europeans do n't give a fuck about jews because to admit that they are consistently targets of harassment in countries like the netherlands and france means looking into where the majority of that harassment comes from . 
  and it 's not geert wilders and marie le pen . 
  people are voting far-right because they 're the only parties openly saying `` we will try to stop immigration '' . 
  furthermore , being against immigration instantly gets you labelled a racist by 90 % of the people who would disagree with you on the topic . 
  it 's not hard to see how these things combined can lead people to a sentiment such as `` well everyone calls me a racist anyways and the parties are n't really representing my interests so fuck it '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure ^ that is what 's happening on a macro scale with the higher numbers in right party votes across the eu . 
  all it would take to stop it is for some moderate parties to actually listen to their voting base and represent the people with regards to immigration but they probably do n't out of a fear that it 'd be career suicide . 
  i live in the us . 
  i do n't think it 's something many europeans can comprehend because the concept of being mugged by an armed robber or worse a victim of an armed home invasion is so foreign as to be impossible to entertain as a realistic fear . 
  however , in the us although by no means common it is still a very reasonable concern . 
  if 30 % of stockholm magically became armed this second your desire to also own a gun would probably increase significantly . 
  yeah fuck democracy !, 
  if people vote on things i do n't agree with they 're just unintelligent !, 
  it 's impossible for any intelligent person to disagree with me !, 
  it was similar sort of to the spanish habsburg / austrian habsburg dynasties . 
  different branches of the same family but more or less completely separated over time . 
  maybe an open question to people here . 
  is your country 's center/left parties even open to changing their position on this issue ? 
  in portugal 5 of our major 6 parties are left , and although we do n't have migrant issues here i really do n't see any of them ever taking a hard position on limiting immigration . 
  i mean this in a totally non-snarky way and am not trying to be rude but stuff like this is precisely what many eastern europeans talk about when they speak of a west-centric world view . 
  first , slavic countries are nearly half of europe and many of them do n't have much in common culturally . 
  there 's pretty clear divides between traditionally catholic slavic countries ( poland , croatia ) , orthodox ( russia , serbia ) and the czech/slovak region . 
  second , calling russia `` severely dysfunctional '' is a bit of hyperbole do n't you think ? 
  it 's been a regional hegemon pretty much since it 's inception . 
  when i think `` severely dysfunctional '' in terms of government i think more sierra leone than russia ... 
  i appreciate the authors intention and it 's fairly well written but at this point i immediately disregard any article that 1 ) presumes 100 % of migrants are refugees ( as per the definitions set by their respective countries/un - in this case hungary/un ) and should be treated as such . 
  it 's ridiculous waving away a crucial and very relevant distinction . 
  2 ) bring in any nazi reference at all . 
  yeah i know it 's easy to do and there are parallels but i think when you begin to compare the current immigration `` crisis '' with nazi germany you are injecting a huge amount of bias that is n't particularly needed and is frankly rather lazy when concerning such a complicated topic . 
  the un 's reputation has been abysmal since before rwanda even . 
  the only reason people think even remotely positive about the un is because they are n't actually aware of it 's functions and track record . 
   but the biggest reason why switzerland managed to survive was because the cantons were also split along catholics vs protestants , rich vs poor or urban vs rural , and that these differences did n't overlap . 
  personally i would argue that none of this actually worked in favor of swiss unity/identity . 
  geography ( which forced them into a strong defensive posture generally ) and being surrounded by major threats did a lot more to keep switzerland united over the centuries than any other factor . 
  this is probably the most agreed upon theory from historians as well as one i personally agree with . 
  i think media propaganda is clearly slanted to the left when you can go through 1000 's of comments in politically charged article like this and you will see `` far right '' used exponentially more frequently than `` far left '' . 
  to get a `` far left '' charge you have to basically self identify as a militant marxist . 
  to get a `` far right '' charge you have to say something mildly racist or suggest that you prefer your country maintain its `` cultural heritage '' or something of the sort . 
  in fact , parties are often called `` far right '' for espousing some cultural/immigration opinion when most of their economic and social welfare policies are actually quite to the left . 
  you know this is grasping at straws right ? 
  literally all people have here is that north ireland is a little tense . 
  do you want to compare christian terrorist attacks to muslim ones by volume ? 
  how about limit it strictly to christian v. christian and muslim v. muslim sectarian violence ? 
  sunni vs. shia terrorism by volume compared to catholic vs. protestant . 
  do you think global christian violence will come anywhere close ? 
  what is the purpose in even trying to make this comparison , you must surely know it 's ridiculous right ? 
   some of my german friends are already starting to be wary , and it was about 2-3 weeks ago that they were very pro-immigration this was par for the course . 
  a huge % of people will say they are in favor of immigration . 
  then if you look into demographic data you can see that a huge % of them also move rather quickly once their own neighborhood becomes x % foreigner . 
  people say one thing when they think it 's best to appear to think a certain way , but then in reality often behave quite differently . 
  not to turn it into a `` pc '' discussion or come off argumentative , i just find it funny how often this little thing is ignored or perhaps under-discussed when it 's universal through out literally all of europe + most of the west . 
  it is certainly striking to note how many people say they are in favor of immigrants living in their communities and then contrast that with how self-segregated europe really is . 
  somebody is clearly lying . 
  the argument is also stupid because if it wasnt electoral college system the way they both campaigned would have been 100 % different . 
  due to the system , trump almost exclusively held rallies in florida , pennsylvania , ohio , michigan , maine and new hampshire toward the end , since these states were wayyy more ` valuable ' in that system . 
  if it was pure popular vote he would have been focusing on different states and probably never went to new hampshire or maine once . 
  bring money, 
  michel houellebecq prediction for france is far more accurate . 
  i was right about trump so i now think i am nostradmus and am very confident in this . 
  there 's no way france reverses islamisation without international condemnation . 
  just look at how intermediate press treated burqini ban . 
  france should be hoping le pen wins if they want any hope . 
  for sure kek is pleased , if there is anything to take from this , we are safe from wrath of kek, 
  albion is not your ally , not now , not ever . 
  lol even in trumps speech it looked like he didnt 100 % believe he is president incredible, 
  holy shit rt even seems devastated by trump win . 
  even said ` maybe its a wake up to the u.s. politicians to stop being a whore to corporate interests ' thats pretty intense language for us media i think , granted its rt. 
  rt just called it , dunno how firm that is but it seems it 's over . 
  trump is king . 
  regardless of how you feel about the winner , it 's hard to deny that anglo-media are n't straight up lying about many things and u.s. public feelings, 
  i dunno what the ` experts ' will say but i guarantee the ` no fly zone over syria ' and russia bs cost her a shitload of votes with working class votes . 
  in europe we do n't understand it , in america  50 % of working class people have at least 1 dead relative from iraq war . 
  it 's huge . 
  we 're happy bro , this is great news for us , less migrants from ` syria ' #ty trump you should be happy too , less of your friends dying in needless war, 
  yeah , to go full biased . 
  there is even more than 3 sides , but out of all these sides it 's very objectively difficult to declare assad and russia the ` worst ' or even ` bad ' . 
  tl ; dw - usa troops in syria think that the fsa is a front to fence weapons to nusra + hard jihadis - relations with turkey are tense - does n't think the cia/us gov is intentionally fucking things up , but that they are optimistic to a fault - many u.s. troops are sympathetic to the minority groups that support assad that 's about the best i can give without being ultra biased, 
  lol military is 80 % trump easy just watch this [ jack murphy interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5rubyskqta ) literally says that the u.s. ground forces consider the moderate rebels and fsa a ` criminal enterprise ', 
  hopefully, 
  is / r/all lying to me or did most states also vote for legal marijuana ? 
  a very odd combination sorta, 
  juan pablo iglesias will bring you a communist utopia , dont worry edit : sounds super smug , [ but hes actually one of the far leftists i respect most ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhhnojqu_oc ), 
  we shoulda been doing more for a long time now imo . 
  i 'm not a hawk but i 'll be happy if this is a wake up call for all of us . 
  relying on u.s. was always naive and today proves it . 
  whats wrong with the wall [ is it racist to deny him entry ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=edgar+valdez+villareal&amp;biw=1376&amp;bih=867&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0ahukewid9oyh_5rqahwf7cykhahzb18q_auiccgd ) mexicans arent 100 % `` brown '' contrary to what your holidays to cozumel might lead you to believe, 
  i kinda think that is very cool ... she appears a bimbo but it 's interesting in a vacuum that the us first lady is a european woman from a small country with a lot of history, 
  going by the 2 counties left in michigan its super unlikely , nh is close but if rockingham county ( traditionally blue ) is fully counted i think it 's over there too . 
  out of the 2 nh is way more likely to flip than mi , i give mi < 2 % chance nh around 40 % . 
  edit : if manchester nh is n't fullly counted it could go against hillary too , that is another traditional blue county and she has a very very very small lead atm , it 's nh biggest county population i believe .
