  also i ca n't help but notice your name for greece is basically the same word the turks use , any idea for the origin of that ? 
  also does hayastan mean anything specific ? 
  i 'm always so interested in armenian history but there is no great info in my language . 
  \u00e9 vdd :( ( ( (, 
  i do n't think so . 
  ca n't speak for all of europe but my personal observations have been that a lot of women spend their entire 20 's focusing on study and a career now . 
  by the time they 're ` settled ' in a career they 're often in their 30 's they often only have ` time ' to have one child , if any . 
  thus , not having enough babies to hit replacement level i guess . 
  personally , i do n't think sex education and society in general does a good enough job of explaining to young people how difficult it can be to conceive later in life , or warn about higher risk of birth defect . 
  maybe lame answer considering my flair but spain , specifically madrid . 
  dunno what it is about madrid , but i just love that city . 
  for a relatively large city it has a calming quality , which i quite like . 
  nah , pr is on bottom . 
  cuba  dr  pr it seems to directly correlate to baseball skill, 
  lol yes i know . 
  actually one of the guys i studied with was from rs and had a very german name . 
  sometimes americans would be confused and ask how this could be possible since he is , of course , ` spanish ' . 
  edit : what made it more weird , is all americans would know that gisele bundchen or however its spelled is br , but this guy having a german name was still strange to many . 
  yeah , i actually laughed when you mentioned newark . 
  my first roommate in ny was a jersey shore style italian guy from northern nj . 
  one of the first things he told me was not to visit newark because the ` moolies ' would rob me . 
  he was a bit of a character , but regardless i now think of newark as like a detroit . 
  lol , you 're nuts . 
  believe me , the racism is n't going to be people being negative because they think you are a latino , it 's going to be people thinking that you are an azteca and have a tia that makes good burritos and has numerous shrines to mary in her closet . 
  it 's almost funny reading this . 
  ` racism ' is n't nearly as bad in the u.s. as people like to pretend . 
  the vast majority of americans are very curious about foreigners and learning things . 
  i found the police in nyc significantly more approachable and kind on an average basis than those in madrid for example . 
  you should n't believe everything you read about america . 
  it 's a country of 300kk people so there will be a lot more horror stories based on volume alone . 
  regarding rents , every time i rented it was through craigslist and usually i would meet the landlord in person . 
  i think each states do these things different though . 
  personally , in just under 6 years i never had a problem . 
  i 'd guess sf is more foreigner-friendly than ny even . 
  lol , i did n't visit newark . 
  the only time i spent in nj was driving through it to visit philly and ac . 
  i did visit a few portuguese restaurants in buffalo ny of all places and cape cod . 
  the places on the cape actually did traditional bacalhau very very well . 
  my sample size is very poor , but generally speaking the u.s. portuguese restaurants tended to do seafood really well and everything else kind of meh . 
  i think it 's because our bread and grain just somehow tastes different in europe . 
  ( i also think this is the reason us pizza seems to taste better than all the ones i 've had in europe for whatever that 's worth ) . 
  oh , and i still do n't understand exactly what a taylor ham ( it 's taylor , not tailor right ? ), 
  is , but that was cool for a breakfast that makes you feel so heavy you wan na go back to bed . 
  i only had one at ac though , maybe the casinos do them funny . 
  what are you disturbed about ? 
  i 'm guessing your experience will be very similar to mine despite the fact that i 'm portuguese , but it will depend on where you are at . 
  in southern florida for example people are aware of the different ` types ' of spanish speakers . 
  i could have sworn i was subbed to this guy 's channel like a year ago when he was doing a-z country info . 
  was kinda neat to learn about random countries in africa and stuff . 
  looks like he 's put on some ( good ) weight . 
  it 's not too bad in europe ( although to be fair , i 've only ever been to france , uk , ireland , cz and the netherlands ) but when i studied in the u.s. , it was brutal at times . 
  for people who do n't know , most americans in the nyc area literally call anything having anything to do with the spanish language `` spanish '' , which apparently includes portugal . 
  typical ones : - `` you do n't look spanish though '' - `` have you ever met ronaldo ? '', 
  - `` hey what are they saying '' ( when there is spanish on tv , radio etc. ), 
  - `` do you eat tacos over there ? '', 
  - `` wow you must really hate x , y , z politician/thing , they 're so racist against latinos '' or `` how do you feel about illegal immigration ? '', 
  probably in part because i was around a uni crowd , it was endlessly obnoxious to watch various people trying to decide if i was ` latino ' . 
  there was a medium-sized brasilian community at my uni and i was one of only 3 portuguese people so we would constantly get approached or asked about ` latino ' things or invited or asked about events for dominicans , cubans and puerto ricans . 
  to be fair though , my time in massachusetts was surprising . 
  i knew there was a lot of people of portuguese background there but even still the average person seemed a lot more aware of the fact that portugal exists and is n't a part of mexico or the dominican republic . 
  do you study a different version of the quran ? 
  are you incapable of google ? 
  [ these verses ] ( http://quran.com/60/10 ) have been understood to explicitly state that muslim women are forbidden to marry outside the religion , and that men are permitted to marry outside islam so long as they are not polytheists . 
  the amount of imam 's and scholars who interpret this differently is a significant minority , and you know it . 
  [ here 's a classic ] ( http://quran.com/2/221 ) for people who do n't like to click links :  and do not marry polytheistic women until they believe . 
  and a believing slave woman is better than a polytheist , even though she might please you . 
  and do not marry polytheistic men [ to your women ] until they believe . 
  and a believing slave is better than a polytheist , even though he might please you . 
  those invite [ you ] to the fire , but allah invites to paradise and to forgiveness , by his permission . 
  and he makes clear his verses to the people that perhaps they may remember . 
  it 's well understood that most scholars presume that because the quran does not specifically mention the right of women to marry ahl al-kitab that this is not granted . 
  why do n't you actually make a scriptual argument instead of a one off personal anecdote ? 
  ( nvm , already know the answer ) . 
   what are the issues around blood/organs ? 
  some countries do n't permit gay men to donate blood because they are at such higher statistical risk of having hiv/aids . 
  because this sub shits on russia constantly ? 
   muslim men can go after non-muslim women , but non-muslim men can not go after muslim women . 
  muslim women are strictly forbidden from marrying non-muslim men . 
  there is no problem with muslim men taking non-muslim wives though . 
  women are a commodity in islam . 
  lol you just explained why religion is bullshit in probably the most simple way . 
  one of my biggest social fears is that by the time an attack of that scale happens , these attacks will be completely normalized and it wo n't be nearly as big news as 9/11 or even 7/7 or madrid bombings . 
  will just be another attack a bit larger than all the other ones . 
  it already seems like a lot of europeans do n't give a shit or are in denial tbh . 
  if your immediate reaction to this is that it is ` racism ' , i have bad news for you : you 're the racist that inherently ties islam and ( presumably ) brown people together . 
  most people do n't do that , and you should stop too . 
  dagestanis , filipino and chechen muslims are just as extreme , misogynistic and dangerous as every other muslim, 
  you have to consider this within the context that poles need visas and hungarians do not ... 
  adding a barrier to entry probably keeps the polish number a lot lower than it would otherwise be . 
  the u.s. does n't view all eu citizens as the same , and to be honest i do n't see why they should have to . 
  they made these visa requirements based on hard data that showed what countries had significantly high overstay rates . 
  this is n't some unique us/eu thing either . 
  there are a lot of countries that require visa for a country that does not require a visa for them . 
  australians can travel to the us visa-free , but us citizens can not travel to australia without applying for a visa . 
  expecting the u.s. to treat romania the same way they treat germany when romanians overstay their visa at a 12x higher rate is ridiculous . 
  if the caribbean formed a caribbean union , and hard data showed the uk that cubans overstay 1200 % more often than bahamians , are you going to flip out when the uk says cubans need a visa but bahamians do n't ? 
  it 's a pretty logical position . 
  do you honestly think eu holds the leverage in that negotiation ? 
  i 'm fairly confident that 1 ) americans are significantly less likely to illegally immigrate to the eu than the reverse 2 ) american tourist revenue is more beneficial to the eu economy than eu tourist revenue is to america . 
  outside of those basic ideas , i would argue that behaving like this out of spite would be a very poor realpolitik decision given the eu 's current defense capabilities .
