  but realistically they 're almost all economically and socially reliant on that community so having any other opinion would put them in ( financial at best ) danger as these types of groups tend to take excommunication seriously . 
  with religion things are always quite complicated i find, 
  fue una broma m8 but yes , to be clear , its like / r/murica , sub for us to go full retard . 
  i have to assume anyone capable of amassing  5 mill is very capable of making sure that a large portion of their money is no longer officially in their estate upon their death . 
  maybe i 'm just a cynic though . 
  a big issue with lots of these taxes and stuff targeted at the wealthy is that they have the intelligence and logistical means to ` move around ' these types of things . 
  no easy solution exists obviously , but i wonder if there even exists a reasonable solution . 
  i 'm not of strong opinion in any way here , but to play devil 's advocate there is a more credible fear of a ` return ' of the ussr than a coming of the 4th reich , particularly for eastern europeans . 
  so , it can bother them when soviet era is brushed away or in this case not given sepreate and specific recognition from nazi crimes . 
  i think even the most ` soft ' revision i 've ever read regarding hitler and poles suggests his plan was to ` germanise ' them by forcing german language only and basically removing polish culture and language . 
  is n't he on record talking bad about ` slavs ' endlessly ? 
  where do you get this idea . 
  i think this is exactly it . 
  most of the other nations have some belief of an existential threat to their nation , whether it be russia , nato , or historical enemies like turks . 
  it 's easy to say that this is silly in the ` modern era ' , but i think it 's also easier to say that this is silly from western europe than from a country that actually had relatively recent occupations . 
  as for germany , they are a power and they know it . 
  there 's less credible concern for them to lose their identity from external conquer or whatever , so maybe they do n't take the idea of losing cultural identity as seriously as smaller nations or even medium ones like poland would . 
  the french culture in quebec feels so threatened by anglo supremacy that they have to literally make laws regulating the font size of public signs in the province based on language . 
  indigenous make up nearly 50 % of inmates despite being a small % of the population . 
  yeah multiculturalism is a great aspect of canadian identity , as long as youre an anglophone i guess . 
  it 's sort of an all purpose vulgarity , similar to fuck yes . 
  you usually say it in a surprise kinda way . 
  oops , i 'm not the most intelligent man :( thanks for the pro tip , thoroughly embarrassed now ahhahaha . 
  this is cool and i appreciate you did this work , i wish you added a % row to the table though also , it might be difficult to really accurately follow this stuff . 
  i do n't regularly look around but for example / r/spain seems to be specifically directed toward all people as they have / r/es listed as the ` spain in spanish ' sub . 
  i would n't be surprised if other countries have something similar ( like how / r/portugalcaralho is the real sub for local discussion among portuguese ), 
  whats with spain and timetravel . 
  i usually do n't like ` weird ' movies but cronocrimenes was great . 
  maybe i 'll check this one out . 
  is it really just fear of pr backlash that france does n't just send in the gendarmerie and remove all these guys ? 
  from what i gather they just squat there and try to sneak onto lorries until they can get to the uk , pretty much non stop and with no other plans . 
  it 's a hazard to the lorry drivers and a net negative impact on the community . 
  i really do n't understand how it is tolerated , am i missing something ? 
  this is serious / r/wtf material . 
  it 's some satire or something right ? 
  this whole situation really irritates me , especially with the general eu tone toward greece and their debt issue before . 
  it 's only the ` good ' and average greek people suffering from all this , the oligarch and politician still laughing all the way to the bank . 
  man it 's the 1st step to the plot of the okkupert/occupied series . 
  id really like to find a paper on why suicidal white guilt seems to mostly effect northern and central europe . 
  we 're no bulgaria here but saying stuff like this would also be very taboo . 
  maybe it 's because our history involved being occupied by other people for large periods of time or something but only our most insane leftists would say our culture changing is good ... hell maybe even they woud fight the idea . 
  i suspect turkey is somehow involved in backroom talks with iran at the moment . 
  there has to be something , because it is as you say , the press is going really hard at turkey . 
  they 're trying to go hard on russia too implying every airstriks is somehow a targetted attack on civilians in syria , but i think they 're not fooling the public much there cause already public hates isis too much . 
  pro fsa twitter journalists already today russia bombed ` civilian vehicles ' and i bet mainstream media will pick it up , but other report it was a normal jihadi or nusra convoy ( using civilian type vehicles ) which i suspect to be much closer to the truth . 
   everyone invoking soros as some sort of nefarious influence is in fact either an antisemite to some degree or someone gullible enough to fall for conspiracy theories . 
  this has been my perception as well , just figured maybe there 's a grain of truth somewhere in there like with most conspiracy theories . 
  also , the cynic in me does find it odd a guy like this would fund things such as blm or such in the states without some viable financial interest but perhaps it is just altruistic . 
  can someone wiothout a tin foil hat or strong anti- ' jewish ' - banker leaning eli5 to me why soros would be so involved with lefty politics or more soecifically how he would financially benefit from it . 
  i see the donald people pointing to him as a funder of blm as well but even presuming his intentions are sinister how specifically does he gain . 
  i also find it weird when some countries have the ` abusive , rule for less charge in * murder * . 
  its a bit cold of me perhaps and i understand economic/emotional manipulation makes them feel stuck but it is still murder . 
  something tells me they will focus on varg virkenes style online hate more than abu baraa or dawah man kind . 
  i only ask because here that stereotype is almost always applied to napoli and sicilians . 
  in fact , i thought that it was the stereotype only for southerners . 
  are you from northern italy ? 
  lol europe in a nutshell shit on retarded christians = normal shit on retarded muslims = racist the hypocrisy never ceases to amaze me, 
   milosevic even tried to get talks going for a confederation with greece in 1994 , but no one in greece was interested . 
  this is actually part of what forms my misinformed opinion . 
  i suspect this sentiment was more cultural than political or practical . 
  either way ty a lot for your input , it is appreciated . 
  i see this type of thing often but i 'm very curious , do greeks really feel that in touch with balkans ? 
  i always think of them as most distinctly different culturally , but to be fair i 'm rather ignorant about eastern europe in general . 
  lol is this taqiyya or are you just unfamiliar with islam ? 
  was maria al-qibtiyya not sold to muhammud in slavery ? 
  let me guess , it was n't the same because he married h\u00e8r after she converted to islam ? 
  ( surely , as a slave she made this decision 100 % out of free will , not for survival reasons ) your ` prophet ' literally had a sex slave ffs . 
   `` bring your satire up to date as well , '' wrote boldrini , who was likened to an inflatable sex doll by a political opponent last month . 
  best part of the article, 
  come on laboe , per capita the rate is probably near the same , but obviously there are more incidents hitting the news because the volume of people from south asia , arab , and north african world is increasing in many european countries . 
  with big fires like this do n't they need air support too ? 
  it is kind of frustrating they dont already have these resources when this is not a new fenomenon, 
  more or less same , if not better developed than some regions in the south/east . 
  wow insane how little police shootings there are when considering all the external factors, 
  you 're gon na trigger a lot of people who see things only black and white my polarbear friend . 
  this is fucking incredible . 
  one of my favorite actors from australia 's facebook is all this blm stuff too . 
  this person has never been to usa in their life but is arguing on face about how they know cops there just do drive-by 's on black people all day because its a racist police state , anyone who brings nuance or disagrees with her is either a racist or self-hating depending o\u00f1 skin tone . 
  how the fuck is this getting traction in sweden . 
  if you do some very basic math ( 350 million people , 120 million guns , avg of around 1k police shootings per year ) it 's actually surprising how low police violence in the us is . 
  the type of people who complain that a ww2 movie set on the western front only has white actors . 
  spanish is not a very popular language in portugal , but i briefly lived in madrid and like to keep up with it . 
  it 's mostly a combination of the news being a good way to practice vocabulary and imo outlets like 20minutos . es tend to have relatively unbiased and straightforward news delivery and writing styles . 
  sry just having the craic m8 . 
  i 'm not sure i agree it is just language . 
  spanish is probably the best example . 
  mexico , chile , dominican republic and spain are all dramatically different culturally ( compared to us , aus , uk for example ) . 
  i would say similarly with portugal and brasil . 
  very few portuguese care about the brasil social issues much less try to say we have similar issues here . 
  on some level , i think it is americanism . 
  check out the toronto sub sometime . 
  it 's pretty much srs lite . 
  white guilt does seem to be a strangely anglo-swedish phenomenon . 
  someone should do a study on it . 
  i would counter argue by saying these blm type opinions are almost universally ( in europe ) less taboo to share than their far-right counterparts . 
  people who call soldiers baby killers and talk about ` send the jews home ' get elected student leaders in major european universities . 
  try to imagine saying saudi and turkey should pay iberia and bulgaria reparations for slavery and past evils and people respecting that opinion . 
  if it 's so clear why are you struggling to name one thing ? 
  it 's a very simple and reasonable request and you seem to be resotring to some kind of psuedo-snark . 
  it looks like you 're really incapable of coming up with even one alleged injustice .
