  this mostly failed in the us and they stopped doing it afaik . 
  regardless , given what i know about netherlands and most countries that have large muslim populations i 'm pretty confident this will be the next step . 
  probably will result in a resurgence of private catholic schools in europe , ironically enough . 
  til boston , seattle , portland ( both !, 
  ) , el paso , are all rural . 
  a better analogy would probably be france annexing quebec or something . 
  crimea was almost 100 % russian speaking and the majority of people there were ethnic russians . 
  it 's not a stretch to say that a majority of crimeans were happy to join russia and gain russian citizenship . 
  i do n't have a problem with putin . 
  he makes rather intelligent geo-political maneuvers while dealing with a rather tense domestic situation . 
  he 's also proved to be a fairly generous statesman with regard to his allies . 
  i also enjoy that he was one of the only public leaders actually calling out the fsa for what they are - islamist jihadists that the eu indirectly support via us . 
  i do n't care if russia funds bad things too , i 'm at least glad someone is there to counter balance the eu/na hegemony when they pull off questionable shit like that in syria . 
  lastly , i question if it would be possible to run russia well without a character like putin at the helm . 
  i 'm not sure typical `` western '' style politicians would be able to manage things like chechens and counterbalancing us foreign influence as well to be honest . 
  it 's not like i think he deserves a nobel prize , but i think he does well enough for a person put into a very difficult situation . 
  i do n't know if you 're trying to be cheeky and obtuse , but [ this pic ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/74014000/gif/_74014185_nato_member_countries_624map.gif ) might make it more clear . 
  nato has been slowly expanding over the decades , and expanding eastwards toward russia . 
  furthermore us bases are within striking distance of eastern russia due to their cooperation with the japanese and korea . 
  if my neighbors started making a `` defensive alliance '' that continually built up arms and added more and more houses in the neighborhood to the alliance over time i 'd start wondering if the alliance is still a ` defensive alliance ' . 
  it 's easy to say of course the nato wo n't attack russia but that does n't mean it 's not a national security threat for russia either . 
  ei maybe a bit snarky on my part in re-reading , but ive holidayed many times in marseille and the algerian/muslim presence there is quite strong , almost feels a majority . 
  these people geneally are not fond of jews , and even if it 's a small portion i can understand how they feel uncomfortable in a place where so many women are docile hijabis and such . 
  it 's a hard thing to discuss without being offensive and i feel my comment is perhaps rude in retrospect , apologies for the tone . 
  i see you 've never visited beautiful marseille, 
  i do n't agree with your first points but this :  maybe we should just find away to manage a small population decline instead of purposefully and irrevocably changing the face of our nations ? 
  is something that i ca n't understand . 
  so many people seem to act like population decline is some doomsday scenario that is impossible to work through without importing people from other countries . 
  i 'm very confident that a country such as germany has the type of people who would be more than capable of efficiently downsizing their country and accommodating a lower population without experiencing a horrific economic depression . 
  every time someone argues about immigration people will say `` but birth rates are low !!!, 
  we need more people !!! '', 
  i remember in the 90 's the same type of people were complaining and warning that the world was overpopulated . 
  should n't it be a good thing if the global population goes down a bit ? 
   do people want to marry and have kids ? 
  nope and they 're not going to start as quality of life continues to increase . 
  introduction of widely available birth control is possibly one of the greatest changes to human society ever . 
  it will definitely be interesting moving forward . 
  i really do n't see birthrates ever going back up again unless there is some massive social shift . 
  more and more women are working full time and even in states with excellent maternity leave benefits it 's still unlikely that many will choose to have more than 1-2 children . 
  there 's even some futurist type scholars who are concerned that if vr and tech . 
  gets to the point that `` fake '' sex is more pleasurable than real sex it could be an existential crisis . 
  not that i personally agree , but it 's definitely an interesting and plausible ( imo ) scenario . 
  in their eyes they are the same thing , sorry about the confusion . 
  dunno if you 're being humorous , but lol yes . 
  the general jihadi/conservative sunni point of view toward alawites is that they are crypto-polytheists who 's simple existence is a constant expression of shirk ( idol worship ) . 
  they also generally declare them to be secretly working against `` real muslims '' and point to assad 's habit of appointing them to the highest bureaucratic positions in his government and generally higher level of wealth in syria accusing as proof of this . 
  some groups even claim they are secretly jews or christians pretending to be muslim , or at the very least practicing a syncretic faith . 
  they stay as low profile as possible . 
  the point of transit where they have the highest risk of failing their plan is actually the turkish/syrian border . 
  furthermore , with contemporary jihadi beliefs there really is n't any beef they have with turkey outside of the areas where kurds live and the very small alawite communities . 
  when i mouse over your flair it says `` fake country '' ... not just me right ? 
  i ca n't tell if it 's just bias from them both being major powers and the cold war stuff , but the us and russian anthems always strike me as a step above other countries . 
  maybe i overrate the us one cause the lyrics are quite badass imo . 
  watching forsberg clips is almost sad in a way . 
  i 'm very confident if he was healthy his whole career he 'd be considered a gretzky tier player today . 
  hmm . 
   german police have repeatedly stated there was no evidence of kidnapping or rape . 
  martin steltner , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office , told berlin 's rbb public radio on monday there were only indications of `` consensual sexual contact . '', 
  he did n't comment on whether the office would investigate alleged perpetrators for having sex with a minor , which can be punishable by law . 
  from the article . 
  i 'll be optimistic and presume perhaps they 're still building a case since he did n't comment . 
  thanks for the info !, 
   ( the age of consent in germany is not 13 ) this seems like the most important detail regardless of whether the ` story ' she told police is true or not ? 
  30 hours is a pretty long time to be gone , she had to either be at another family 's home , a hotel , or the house of the guy she was having sex with if he is an adult no ? 
  did the police release that the men she accused were minors as well or what ? 
  is there romeo laws in germany so that if the men were 17 it 's not a crime ? 
  sorry if you do n't know this , just curious . 
  it 's almost developing into a sad rule of thumb but generally in europe when you read an article that says something like this : `` property x , y , z damaged and police use tear gas / pepper spray at far-right protest in blabla city '' what it really means is that 20-50 neo-nazi 's or far-right people had a rally , and 100 antifa thugs showed up and instigated rioting or attacked random people and businesses . 
  they 're losing land in some places but also seem to be strengthening in the internal land they already control . 
  [ the deir-ez-zor offensive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deir_ez-zor#syrian_civil_war ) is leading more toward a standstill but it looked like isis made a huge gain early in the siege . 
  if they manage to take the airfield it 's going to be a big problem . 
  it 'll be a bit more difficult i think to conduct airstrikes in isis territory if the assad govt loses complete control there , or so i read . 
  [ this is one of the more up to date maps ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/syrian_civil_war.png ) of the current situation and you can probably see why deir-ez-zor is important just by looking at it . 
  anyways , i do n't think isis really changes how frequently they try to tell people to go commit violence in europe . 
  they 're party line has basically always been `` come to ` sham ' ( aka the levant/iraq ) and fight with us , if this is impossible kill infidels in the west '' . 
  actually directly sending their troops away with orders is n't something they do and it 'd go against a lot of what they claim to be about . 
  furthermore , they need them more in iraq and syria anyways . 
  as a final note , it 's my personal opinion that the western media tends to exaggerate their territorial losses and under-report their gains unless it 's something really massive ( like the siege of mosul back in 2014 ) . 
  in many of those examples it could be argued that ` conflicts ' arose in those countries directly on account of pro-nato sentiment growing there . 
  russia 's current foreign policy is sort of centered around not allowing any bordering nations to join nato . 
  complete nonsense . 
  first of all in order to be halal the butcher must invoke god which is obviously offensive to many non believers . 
  second , surely there is a fair argument that slaughtering by bloodletting and not touching the animal until it has died of bloodloss is unncessarily cruel . 
  yeah , i was going to say there is almost no way that you ca n't request non-halal meat . 
  to be halal requires a specific butchering process that many would [ argue is torturous ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dhabihah ) . 
  personally i avoid halal meat out of moral principle . 
   why are n't the usual far-right people ( i mean hooligans and such ) go out for patrolling in those areas ? 
  i do n't know what country you 're in , but here you 're a lot more likely to meet antifa hooligans than right wing ones . 
  your comment is interesting to me because it makes me wonder if your predisposition in this case would have made you subconsciously complicit in a coverup were you a police officer in rotherham and a poor working class white family told you that some muzzies raped their kid ; as you may write them off as trashy racists mad that they have new brown neighbors . 
  i do n't mean this personally whatsoever and it 's not directly targeted at you but it was something i questioned when this story was first breaking out as well . 
  i think it 's a good thing personally . 
  if someone like milo y writes an article a huge portion of readers are going to immediately have a bias and expect the article to have a certain agenda . 
  with anonymous authors it 's up to the reader to attempt to detect any bias and criticize the article based on the merit of it 's content rather than the known views of the author . 
  this is probably sad to say , but i really feel like it 's a matter of time before wilders is assassinated as well . 
  presumably , that would only ramp up support more . 
  i 'm actually surprised there has n't been a serious attempt on his life already . 
  people keep talking about how bad sd is in this thread , but how bad can they be if they 're correct again about media censorship ? 
  i mean , they seem to be the only people fighting this establishment that is now corrupt beyond a reasonable doubt ( good intentions or not ) . 
  this is happening in euro countries all over and i do n't get it . 
  if the ` bad ' parties are the only one looking out for public safety than why the fuck ca n't the ` good ' parties get their shit together exactly ?
