  also same . 
  it 's surprising how heated people get actually about the topic of diet and such . 
  i basically can only talk to people at my gym with about it , not sure if this is portuguese culture or just a general thing, 
  i 'm probably far-right compared to the average user here , but i think diet in general is one of the top issues i 'd like to see europe as a community address . 
  maybe i 'm looking at the past too fondly , but it definitely seems like we are all getting fatter , and like you mention beef in particular is a huge question mark regarding the greenhouse etc. 
  in general , i think most europeans do eat at least 2x more meat than necessary . 
  years back when i started logging my daily eating it was kind of shocking how much meat i really ate , it was well over 50 % of my diet and i think that is definitely not good . 
  the average european eats significantly more meat than they should , i 'm sure of it . 
  man this is oddly disturbing, 
  who knows if it is or isnt , but i find it pretty disgusting ( prob too strong a word but i dont know a better one ) how many people seem to be cheering on or hoping for a uk economic failure just so it will reinforce their idea they made the right decision . 
  really weird trend i keep seeing in this brexit fiasco , i guess we all wan na see the world burn . 
  i would probably add the end of the iberian union in 1668 . 
  if somehow that did n't happen who knows what we would be today . 
  do you understand the concept of economic stability ? 
  [ this is a stable currency ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y ) . 
  maybe you should educate yourself more on world economies before repeating silly things you read online . 
  this is pretty much non-news . 
  every major country is going to make a trade deal with england , including the eu . 
  the pound is one of the worlds most stable currencies and people buying into the doom and gloom scenarios about the uk economy are sadly uninformed about global economics . 
  alternative theory : the polls were effected by bias and/or not reported accurately . 
  not from the uk obviously but i felt they were always a bit suspect . 
  no idea what the polling method was but i would n't be surprised if they were focused in more urban areas and it effected predictions . 
  it 's impossible in most euro countries . 
  the less-immigration + more worker 's rights parties do n't exist , but i feel like a huge segment of the population leans that way . 
  i feel the same as / u/itsacaragor here , you basically choose either a pro-eu big business ` centre-left '' in name party , the delusional communist party , or the religious party . 
  this is what i find obnoxious about the 800 internet discussions saying this . 
  they did n't ` lose the vote ' because of bad turnout , people make as much of a statement by not voting as they do by voting . 
  they were indifferent . 
   stop ? 
  reduce ? 
  probably . 
  who would want to move here after 17 million people voted to reduce immigration , and were followed by a spate of racist and xenophobic attacks ? 
  who would move here when there is now huge uncertainty about the future of the economy ? 
  that does n't scream `` lovely place to live '' . 
  this particular argument seems immediately invalidated when looking at other examples , most notably australia and the u.s. 
  they both have reputations as being very ` racist ' and yet there is no shortage of people seeking to move their from africa , europe and asia . 
   250k nigerians have immigrated to the u.s. alone as of 2013 , and the process is n't particularly easy which suggests far more than that are willing . 
  the only reasonable solution i can come up with while still having open borders is something like certain national sports leagues do , where a strictly defined % of your employees must be nationals . 
  i suspect something like that when applied to markets other than professional sports would be received very negatively though . 
  it 's not just a low , it 's completely fucking stupid and insulting to the intelligence of the reader base . 
  i could go right now and make a imgur montage of 100 + tweets demanding the establishment of sharia law , explusion of shia rafidi and ` rabbis ' , and complete massacre of everything in israel . 
  that does n't mean that 's what the typical muslim in the uk is like at all . 
  the only people who appreciate posts like this are people who like to view everything is the ` bad other ' and jack off to how much better their ` team ' is . 
  reallly irritates me and every political agenda is guilty of it . 
  i cant get enough of this ` im super progressive and democratic , until you disagree with me , the enlightened ' the last 2 years or so has been epic with the ` educated elite ' getting their just desserts, 
  this is why most europeans think canadians are obnoxious, 
  ca n't blame you for injecting opinion , it 's an inherently personal issue for uk citizens obviously . 
  as someone who agrees with commentor , i still greatly appreciate your keeping this thread up . 
  this is better than any major news source . 
  sincere thanks from me, 
  that 's a cool story , but you 're obviously not from new england or nyc . 
  we ship bacalhau in pretty large numbers to rhode island in particular , and half of the a\u00e7ores lives around fall river , ma and rhode island . 
  that 's not even factoring in dade county . 
  us is literally 30x larger than portugal , but if you think u.s. has no trade interest with the us you 're just ignorant , end of story . 
  no , spain will do whatever it takes to allow them to stay . 
  it 's a mutually beneficial relationship . 
  yes i agree . 
  norway is in financial ruins because nobody would make trade agreements with them . 
  uk will be the next norway . 
  i 'll pray for uk . 
  i 'm betting heavy on the us , uk and spain continuing trade with us if portugal leaves the eu , quite literally . 
  there 's no way those 3 will turn their backs on portugal and those are the only 3 we really need . 
  nobody is going to stop trade with one of the most historically stable economies in the world . 
  sorry if that 's a buzzkill . 
  this is hilarious watching major eu outlets going full on damage control / fearmongering because they do n't like the results of democracy, 
  they had a very fair chance to avoid this, 
  democracy is only good when it benefits my personal views, 
  it 's happening . 
  portugal will leave and align itself with people who actually give a shit about them too soon . 
  i still ca n't believe it, 
  god bless the british , i hope portugal will become inspired the same, 
  if bbc admitted reality its 99 %, 
  this is the most first world problem thing i 've heard in awhile, 
  you were manipulated by the media dear friend, 
  this whole thing was a prime example of the living in an online social bubble effect, 
  many people like myself are weary about the idea of being tied to a ` union ' where certain economies are exponentially stronger than the others and as such would naturally have greater bargaining power . 
  as to the bbc , well these are the people who were predicting a landslide remain vote and have reporters on twitter suggesting surprise when ` educated ' areas vote to leave . 
  beyond that i do n't really care to go into much more detail . 
  there 's fair enough arguments on both sides . 
  to be fair this is way more massive than a pm vote or any other vote that you could realistically have in canada imo , it has a direct impact on a ton of ppls lives, 
  time to buy !!!!!!!!!, 
  good time to buy for me , it 'll rebound 10000 % sure, 
  the twitter said 74 % voted to leave , perhaps was error, 
  the more countries that leave the german union the better !, 
  unfortunately most people read too much bbc and dont understand this, 
  norway and switzerland have had some terrible wars since ww2 , true story . 
  i 'm not surprised , bbc has been a sham for quite a while , well at least since i started covering the syrian civil war . 
  you accept democracy or reconsider it , what else can you do, 
  wtf, 
  the same thing that happens to norweigans , americans , canadians and the swiss you apply for a work visa and carry on, 
  god bless democracy !, 
  yeah true norway does n't know what it 's missing, 
  portugal needs eu like russia needs nato, 
  do n't the union types think that 's a good thing ? 
  ( serious q sorry if its insensitive ), 
  vai caralho gogo uk patriots give portugal motivation to leave too !, 
  really ? 
  seems impossible to believe , this is huge stuff, 
  14k remain votes out of nowhere but !, 
   `` labour has gone wrong by not being in touch with their voters .
