  it becomes significantly less boring as fuck when you have children . 
  maybe not fun as fuck , but certainly not boring as fuck . 
  i suspect a higher % of irish women are pregnant than many other countries . 
  i , d actually be curious how this map compares to a fertility rate map . 
  come on , he said minor beatings specifically . 
  nobody is saying major beating here , stop being ridiculous . 
  the internet is very ` americanized ' . 
  i type almost 90 % of my messages in english and it 's not because of uk influence . 
  hell , even with news sources i read something like 70 % english , 20 % spanish and 10 % portuguese . 
  i am sure people my age and younger are mostly doing the same , and i 'm coming up to 30 fast . 
  this is the most annoying aspect of europeans talking about ` multiculturalism ' . 
  they are not sincere here , and they never have been . 
  europe has arguably some of the most diverse culture in any continent . 
  however , when they talk of ` multiculturalism ' today they do n't mean a portuguese/swedish cultural exchange . 
  do n't even get me started on the people saying things like ` sweden has no culture ' or claiming it is a boring culture . 
  i really do n't understand how people can feel this way . 
  i 'm fairly confident in some countries it 's a specific effort to ` import ' friendly voters . 
  even if the migrants do n't get citizenship their kids will and they will likely support the parties that helped their family along . 
  could be wrong but twitter said the deceased victim was actually american . 
  being at 2am or so does n't it seem more likely to just be a drunk leaving a pub or something ? 
  every time there is a norweigan prisons article posted i feel like many people skip around this key factor . 
  yeah , i think also their parole restrictions are too ridiculous and guarantee they go back . 
  for example some guys get parole rule saying they ca n't be within 100m of alcohol , but live in a state where all grocery stores also sell alcohol . 
  or ban them from internet which in turn includes all modern mobile phones which are basically a requirement for work . 
  i 've read anecdotes about things like this anyways . 
  why does spain wants the desertas islands ? 
  i never heard that one, 
  tell me there is video of this with audio somewhere, 
  i 'll give you an american pro tip , brit girls have a thing for * every * type of guy . 
  if you 're interested in making ` friends ' it 's probably the easiest place in europe if you 're not socially retarded . 
  we do n't count . 
  for most people the eu is for north europe , france and germany . 
  we just exist for the more civilised rich states to have a nice location to retire to or send their kids on erasmus . 
  remember , when good things happen it 's because of the eu , when bad things happen it 's because of the individual countries failures . 
  could of told you it was ahmadis just from the headline . 
  going to a church service would be ultra haram for sunnis . 
  it 's like the textbook definition of idol worship for them lol . 
  donald is going to make america great again , did you not know ? 
  hostel was my favorite documentary on slovak culture !, 
  the fact that uk population is probably at least 5 % muslim/asian but less than 0.01 % of that 5 % join the military shows a massive failure to integrate and should definitely be a concern . 
  romania is the best country in europe . 
   us immigration first , then us customs . 
  which of these are police ? 
  come on mate . 
  people are bonkers . 
  they do strange things for attention . 
  are you suggesting they should immediately victim blame ? 
  they 're a political party , not the police . 
  they ca n't do a thorough investigation and can only go off what they hear from the press / ` victim ' etc. 
  lol i 'd love to see you ` de-escalate ' some guy on pcp with a knife many americans simply do n't behave as well as europeans , end of story . 
  also your story sounds strange , the police are n't who you deal with at airports , it 's customs and tsa . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
   the first thing they seemed to discuss on the news there after the brexit decision was how it would threaten their national security and weaken the war on terror . 
  and this is just a flagrant lie . 
  show me one news article posturing this way from a major us source . 
  just one please . 
  dam just read an article on that . 
  i assume it 's just ` normal ' gangbanger/retard violence in the u.s. , but this kind of shocked me :  the victims were aged between 12 and 27 , hospital spokeswoman cheryl garn said in a statement . 
  12 year old at a nightclub on a sunday night at 1am ???? 
  what the fuck . 
  if you look at pretty much all abrahamic religious rules it 's obvious they had practical applications at the time , yes it 's true . 
  not eating pigs , ` bottom feeders ' seafood ( shellfish , lobster , etc ) , draining blood from animals before cooking it etc. , burying your dead , cutting off foreskin , even the rules based around social cohesion and things like menstruation etc. 
  not all of it is 100 % scientifically sound given what we know today , but if you 're a caveman and you observe that shit and dead things attract maggots and flies , and animals like pigs and ( presumably bottom dwelling sea animals ) eat their own or other animals shit , your caveman brain concludes that anything that eats shit or has to do with shit is contaminated and dangerous . 
  things like marrying in your tribe and not cheating on spouses were obviously meant to help social cohesion . 
  some of the gender segregation and crazy rules about leaving woman alone when they menstruate obviously come from the times when children were a literal economic resource and survival depended on being able to produce healthy children who could hunt and gather with you . 
  you could go on and on really . 
  i 'm pretty sure its not religious , although you get fringe anti-semitism conspiracies saying that the jooz made it standard in the us . 
  last i heard from a source i ca n't recall or particularly care to look for is that sometime in the early 1900 's or earlier the popular medical science in the u.s. was that circumcision was inherently beneficial and reduced std and other health risks . 
  once they realized that mostly was n't true the practice carried on because it had become ` normal ' . 
  and how exactly do you adapt to that ? 
  if anything they need to focus on keeping people married . 
  there is a direct and obvious correlation between parents staying together and the success of their children globally . 
  i see a lot of this in germany thanks to liveleak and stuff . 
  would you say it 's getting worse in the last 5-10 years ? 
  it 's immediately notable in the reporting that they are n't being held to the same standard just like you said . 
  usually when they go around smashing windows and jumping random guys you 'll see news headline it like `` violence breaks out at far-right gathering '' when the reality was 10 neo-nazi retards met up in a square and 50 antifa thugs kicked the shit out of everyone and destroyed a caf\u00e9 . 
  one thing that bothers me in general about this idea is that it appears to be presumed that if these rural people had more contact with immigrants they would naturally warm to immigration . 
  i 'm not convinced that is the case . 
  they may go visit london and say , `` that 's nice , but i do n't want my village/city to be like that '' . 
  conversely , diversity may be an appealing factor to the type of people who move to london . 
  maybe i 'm off base somewhere here , but i 've always got this impression that many presume that people in london are fans of the diversity naturally as opposed to considering that the type of people who are more open to it are more likely to seek it out ( and conversely , the type of people who do n't like it are more likely to move elsewhere if they have the means ) . 
  i just had the weird realization that in sweden metal concerts are probably the * most safe * for young people . 
  strange , esp considering they probably have the highest male : female ratio . 
  i 'd recommend you to look at rape stats in europe by ethnicity in countries that collect such data , but i suspect you ` de become uncomfortable and ironically turn into a rape apologist due to what you find . 
  are you attempting satire ? 
  i want to be clear , i eat meat every single day . 
  it 's just that i eat a smaller portion than what i think the average european does , and i think it 's probably optimal . 
  i 'm not an expert or anything , and i 'm a skeptic to a fault , but given all the info i 've gathered i do think that on average we europeans eat too much meat and that the meat industry has a net negative impact on the environment . 
  i 'm not some whacko vegan or anything , i just wish there was more focus on fitness and diet in europe . 
  honestly , i am sometimes jealous when i visit brazilian websites . 
  they seem to have a much better fitness culture than here in portugal . 
  it 's a common thing you 'll see in the health community ( like / r/keto and such ) . 
  in reality its no problem , if you 're not fat do n't worry about it . 
  but if you want to lose fat fast , for most people the # 1 best first step is to cut out all bread/potato/noodle basically any white food that isnt cauliflower edit : and sorry to fins , but in this instance beer and liquor also counts as bread, 
  for awhile i was trying to eat seitan and nuts but it 's just hard . 
  these days i just measure out 40-100g of chicken for one meal a day but still it 's difficult . 
  i want to gain 10kg more as a long term goal but i 'm not sure how i could even do it without more meat . 
  i 'm just a big pansy about eating the amount of peanut butter and nuts needed to put on that kind of weight atm . 
   when i raise stuff like this in any of my social circles , people get extremely defensive . 
  shows what an unhealthy attachment we have .
