  it 's easy to be `` brave '' by criticizing trump , the women clearly show their true bravery when they fear actual consequences however . 
  thanks !, 
  any info on the name in the 3rd image ? 
  zapheirios kyriakoi or something like this i guess ? 
  ive done some `` research '' in this field , and saying ` como andas boludo ' seems to get more mileage . 
  it 's also good to pick a lesser known footballer like abondanzieri or mascherano and presume he is from spain in conversation . 
  say his mom makes the best gambas or something , a spaniard will be touching your face and calling you tio within 3s max . 
  lol i like the joke but people speaking spanish in portugal is n't a real thing . 
  actually maybe some uk ppl try it , but only after 8 + beers as per their normal diet . 
  its not adults mate, 
  dude wtf do you have a phd in trolling turks ? 
  ahahhaha , anyways just bravo sir, 
  i really do n't understand how people who claim they are for the environment and reduction of petro can in the same place complain about nuclear . 
  it 's simply fearmongering , we should all be on nuclear or solar almost 100 % by now honestly . 
  yep . 
  i always mess up australia and russia for other places if there is no signs clearly around . 
  to be fair , even with cyrillic signs in russia it 's so damn big that you can be way off . 
  since it 's google street view i will plug [geoguessr.com ] ( http://www.geoguessr.com ) , fun stupid browser game that puts you in random locations on google street and you have to guess where you are , get points based on how close you guess . 
  be careful , western australia and the mexican/american desert look deceptively similar . 
  same for siberia and alaska !, 
  for me , this is the capital of all europe . 
   could you tell me if it 's a silly idea to visit during december ? 
  winter is awesome . 
  i 'm hesitant to recommend it to people who may not have been around -10 c temperatures before though . 
  make sure to dry your hair thoroughly so your hair does n't freeze . 
  1 ) cant answer 2 ) military is very respected here , especially the navy for historic reasons i would say . 
  3 ) this is a bit unusual , but for asians i would probably recommend goat cheese or greek feta cheese to try as they are a bit unique in flavor and texture . 
  each would make a good side to a salad w/vinegar or lamb meat . 
  4 ) i know very little about singapore . 
  i think the average stereotype is somehting like : very rich city-state for high achieving chinese and indian people , speak english but add lo and la to every sentence for reasons i still do n't comprehend . 
  it 's probably a bad stereotype i know but that 's what we think . 
  most people here have their first drink around age 14-15 , but usually with family at a holiday dinner or something . 
  people usually do n't start going to pubs and such until 18 + it 's normal to have a beer or wine with dinner if you feel like it , but not expected and many people do n't drink at all . 
  the average person here tends to look down on the ` drinking culture ' of northern europe or russia . 
  it 's not socially acceptable to be visibly drunk in public unless you 're at a wedding or something rather important . 
  almost all of our holidays are related to catholicism ( even though they 're not really celebrated for their religious purpose explicitly anymore ) halloween and thanksgiving are purely american as far as i know . 
  if you 're interested in this look up the wiki on the ` hajnal line ' . 
  it 's not scientific law but there is many notable differences culturally etc. 
  on both sides of the line and it 's at least an interesting thing to consider . 
  cliffs : countries that traditionally had smaller families and started them a little later in life have less corruption in europe . 
  if you look deeper , you will find the data suggesting that it 's the male influence specifically that seems to reduce instances of anti social behavior in both boys and girls . 
  i really do n't want to get into a reddit war about this here but there has been about a trillion studies on this and children without fathers do notably worse in almost all quantifiable metrics . 
  this specific issue is definitely an example of social pressures in academia shouting down solid data . 
  do n't take my word for it though , the data is googleable and again imo quite compelling . 
  in some countries being married gives you tax ( and other ) benefits . 
  i do n't like picking one so : - prague : best city in europe imo , very warm people ( by slav standards ) , fantastic architecture . 
  even the ` tourist spots ' are quite excellent imo , the orloj and charles bridge both are just special and it 's insane to think how much history happened around there . 
  it 's a great city to just aimlessly walk around . 
  food was really different than what im used to ( lots of starch ) but enjoyable , and czech pubs often have a lot of character + good beer . 
  - madrid : hard to explain why i like it , it 's in the middle of nowhere ( check a population density map of spain ) , very spread out . 
  again has a lot of cool history . 
  not the best walking city but the puerta del sol area is nice . 
  madrid has a great cafe/tapas culture and people dress really well which i like . 
  great city to just sit and ` people watch ' . 
  - amsterdam : gets a bad rep cause of the drugs and prostitues . 
  outside of those sections the canals are beautiful , the museums are * excellent * , and the fried junk food kroket things are funny yet taste good . 
  i had a mate with a boat so we got to cruise the canal system and i just thought it was so cool . 
  if you visit and its possible to rent boats or go on a canal tour i 'd recommend it . 
  i refuse to every fly in or out of cdg unless it 's absolutely unavoidable . 
  they should display warnings before you try to book flights thru there . 
  within the next ten years : impossible . 
  within the next 50 i 'd say a small chance ( 5 % probability or so ) . 
  if this happened i 'd be a little happy ( note : this is def . 
  not the average view regarding the eu on this sub or europe as a whole ), 
  in iberia i would say we are most famous for seafood , specifically bacalhau ( portugal ) and gambas ( spain ) . 
  mackerel is also very popular . 
  in fact , even though we 're not ` really ' religious anymore , eating seafood on friday is still a popular tradition , stemming from some catholic rule that banned eating other types of meat on that day . 
  every country/region is very unique when it comes to food in europe . 
  in germany , czech or russia for example their average meals are quite different from ours . 
  5 is too many , but for a lot of us knowing 3 languages is fairly common . 
  english is definitely the most common language for inter-europe travellers . 
  e , g , as a maybe absurd example it 's common here for spaniards and portuguese to interact in english even though spanish and portuguese are closely related . 
  so instead of making your country better you want to send all the people like you to ours ? 
  do you just not give a shit about the people you leave behind or what ? 
  having been to cz and odessa on holiday i was surprised to see dekuju for ukraine . 
  i thought i heard almost exclusively ` spasiba ' or ` spasibi ' . 
  it 's really strange to see media doubling down as the public disdain for them grows . 
  maybe they get more outrage clicks this way , idk . 
  i actually havent seen wide media support for violence like this ever in my lifetime , and i 'm old ( for reddit ) !, 
  it 's getting beyond disturbing . 
  are these people out of their fucking minds ? 
   i do n't understand is why this has to be framed in such alarmist terms not understanding it here either . 
  it 's actually bizarre how hostile the entire global media is to trump , and it appears that this seems to rub off on politicians . 
  what has trump done that threatens europe in any way ? 
   moving france or britain into irrelevance on international level . 
  you just listed the # 1 and 2 militaries and the # 2 and 3 economies in all of europe . 
  we must have different concepts of ` irrelevance ' . 
  a pro-israel anti-muslim worldview is pretty internally consistent . 
  maybe you 're the one who has no idea what they are talking about, 
  london today , vienna tomorrow . 
  the africans from the former colonies have an easier way to citizenship than most people ( i think it was recently made more difficult ? 
  not sure ) . 
  almost all black people you find in portugal are either from angola or mo\u00e7ambique ( the big 2 former colonies in africa ) . 
  that said , i 'm surprised it was n't spain or romania for us . 
  depopulation is n't as horrible as corporate interest ( i hate that term but it applies here ) would like us to believe . 
  20 years ago the same people saying we need immigration to maintain birthrate were complaining about overpopulation causing harm to the environment . 
   poverty makes marriage and giving birth one of last things to care about . 
  lol who told you this and how did you possibly believe it ? 
  when i see finnish text i begin to wonder if it 's a real language or if they just invent it to troll the rest of us . 
  no , she 's absolutely right .
