  maybe not white like a far-right purist might think but like average 80 % + white descendency ( think selena gomez , canelo alvarez or jorge ramos ) . 
  in the last 30ish years you see a ton of immigration from southern mexico and central america of people with more indio features who are not likely to identify as white . 
  also , / u/dmt477 is probably correct , but i 'm not surprised he 's being downvoted . 
  i 've lived 5 years in nyc and 1 in brasil . 
  ` multiculturalism ' is a fantasy mostly . 
  when groups are  10 % they start to expressly act in their group interest and form interest groups . 
  even in places like us and brasil that have high amounts of national pride you find the same identity politics playing out the same way . 
  what europeans dont realize yet is that this is dangerous because with democratic institutions demographics matter a lot . 
  different religious and ethnic groups do have different values to some degree and i think a lot of europeans do n't recognize that . 
  most know that if you imported 500k rural poles to your city they 'll start to vote for banning abortion , but for some reason people are afraid to extrapolate that to other groups such as say north africans . 
  they prefer to live a fantasy where you will ` enlighten ' these groups to give up previous in-group values en masse and integrate but if their demographics do n't pressure it because they are a plurality or even a majority they will have more in-group pressure to retain than out-group pressure to change . 
  nobody would care about any of this shit if tax reductions were n't tied to marriage . 
  eh , i agree with you and i consider it a national shame that we are only at 1.5 % last i saw while countries like greece and poland are ** overpaying ** , but we 're probably the minority in this sub . 
  people talk about european federalism all day here but when it comes to situations like greece and southern italy it all suddenly turns to `` pay debts lazy mediterraneans '' or complaining that poland does n't have free abortions on every corner . 
  it 's pretty embarrassing honestly . 
  when i lived in madrid it was very notable , that there was like many national police , regional police , city police etc. 
  tbh the national police were always around guarding monuments and govt buildings etc. 
  it was visibly much different than here in portugal , you basically see policia everywhere in madrid . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily a bad thing tbh , just something i personally noticed when there because every police type has very different car/uniform . 
  spain is notably way lower population density than most of europe . 
  check out a population density map . 
  la mancha is super empty , it 's like the texas of europe . 
  have you ever applied to a university or a government job ? 
  must not have been panathanaikos fans, 
  i worked in a greek restaurant in nyc when studying in us . 
  these guys showed up every day 10a-10p 6 days a week , cleaned the place , cooked , everything etc. 
  half of them , for their 30min or 1 hour break would do a run or gym . 
  maybe it 's a outlier ( they were panathanaikos fans ) , but they were some of the hardest working people i ever met in my life . 
  for mediterranean peoples , greeks are by far the most motivated and hardest working i 've ever met . 
  i 'm pretty much a greek-o-phile just from this experience in the us . 
  these guys taught me a lot . 
  i just dont wan na be banned bro, 
  that 's great . 
  like i said , i speak arabic and by volume jihadis have insanely more social media penetration , but fear what you want . 
  lol they ( and frankly westerners in general ) would rather focus on the 50k twitter followers richard spencer has than the 250k + social media followers the english language al-nusra spokesman has . 
  confronting the reality is uncomfortable for them i guess . 
  if they purposely did this because of the murder of rigby i 'm just gon na be fucking sick . 
  i 've had enough mate , and i 'm not even directly effected . 
  i 'm so tired of being mad all the time , when will uk actually do something ? 
  i just woke up , my brain is not a 100 % , but i 'm a betting man and i 'd easily put my next 3 mortgages that given sky news is reporting it was a ` suicide bombing ' our money is safe on betting it is who we think it is . 
  really interesting , thanks for the infos . 
  well it 's a pretty relevant anomaly when there are 6 jews left in egypt and 500k in france . 
   muslims had n't had any anti-semitic sentiments or no anti-semitic tradition , and they still do n't have any except arabs who have them for specific reasons . 
  lol what ? 
  have you ever spoke to someone from pakistan ? 
  i actually really wanted to ask about this , because i 've never seen a bosnian woman in a burka in my life ( admittedly a small sample size ) . 
  were these photos staged to some extent , or perhaps better stated was the burka in these instances worn in a ceremonial/costume type of scenario , or did it just have some weird short burst in popularity that quickly went away ? 
  just a coincidence clearly . 
  not proportionally or compared to general emigration trends . 
  well , i completely agree , but you 'll find that their interest groups have more political clout than common sense unfortunately . 
   just to make yourself feel normal in europe i think 95 % + of male circumcision is done for religious purposes . 
  just read the article linked , when countries try to ban this practice israel and jewish groups immediately get on their case because it 's a religious requirement for them . 
  i believe this is the case for islam as well . 
   i really hate how the fn has appropriated jeanne d'arc for themselves this is what i am replying to . 
  do you understand better now ? 
  if joan was alive today who do you think she would vote for , really ? 
  someone with her ideological views would be labeled a fascist racist bigot psychopath immediately . 
  you 're a lot more refined and classy than i am , so i 'll come out and say it : it 's pretty smug and douchebaggish , i expect better from our mods . 
  being pro-assad in general appeals to basic isolationist rhetoric . 
  syria 's issues are internal and nobody 's business . 
  furthermore , there is an argument that can be made for syria being one of the only remaining secular nations other than lebanon in the region and that this is something that should be preserved . 
  it should be worth noting that almost all religious and ethnic minorities ( notable exception of the kurds - and even they prefer to work with syrian army against rebels/isis than join the rebellion or cooperate with isis ) tend to strongly support assad . 
  there is a belief amongst these groups that if the sunni islamist rebels seize control an islamic government would be instated at their expense . 
  to date the assyrians , yezidis and to a lesser extent ethnic armenians are almost completely ethnically cleansed from syria and they have very little international support outside of sympathetic op-ed 's , many view assad as their only hope . 
  i was just thinking also how english has another meaning for `` bank '' , like `` snowbank '' and i 'm pretty sure you can describe certain ground formations as a bank ( 99 % sure you can say the bank beside the road referencing a hill or something ) . 
  presumably it 's all the same etymology . 
  yes , after squatting 500kg and crushing some cheeseburgers , we often talk about the finer aspects of keynesian economics and debate the merits of privatized health care . 
  it 's good to take breaks between sets . 
  all these ngo 's i 've read about are ultra shady , and most of them are n't even european . 
  israel and the us are massively over-represented in funding for them from what i 've been able to research , which i have high confidence is what the other guy is referencing when he said pointing it out gets you labeled a right wing extremist . 
  not a lot of leftists at my local gym tbh . 
  yeah , was 2012 though . 
  [ this is the only link i found not behind a paywall ] ( http://nypost.com/2014/06/08/how-the-taliban-got-their-hands-on-modern-us-missiles/ ) but if you do n't like the nypost the wsj had a very similar article that is behind a paywall . 
  the nypost veers into an ( admittedly intriguing ) conspiracy theory about the stinger 's origins toward the end of the article but as i recall nothing concrete came from those rumours . 
  tl ; dr of the conspiracy was that the cia tried to use a qatari middle man to have some stingers shipped to libyan mercenaries in the hopes that they would shoot down gaddafi 's chopper . 
  instead the stingers somehow ended up in afghanistan . 
  this conspiracy popped back up last year as a possible motivation for hillary to have deleted e-mails during that whole scandal . 
  that 's almost certainly the case . 
  just 5-6 years ago taliban shot down a us helicopter using us stinger missles . 
  if someone wanted to sensationalise that story they could do it as well . 
  hell , isis has a large amount of american rifles they stole from an iraqi army compound . 
  jihadis tend to have large arm caches from every country that produces arms via outright theft or black markets . 
  this entire story is basically a non-story . 
  bacalhau ( cod ) , and [ gambas ] ( http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/assets_c/2014/03/20140307-spanish-garlic-shrimp-gambas-al-ajillo-recipe-12-thumb-625xauto-388141.jpg ) with garlic sauce . 
  maybe if you 're a politics regular with a tin foil hat on that only reads the wapo and slate . 
  sky news here just said `` sources say almost certainly a terrorist attack '' . 
  then i changed to dw english and they are talking about whether or not trump is out of line to say it `` looks like a terrorist attack '' so early . 
  literally pivot to trump asap ... kind of ridiculous . 
  edit : al jazeera reporting another shooting , but that always happens i guess . 
  probably le pen . 
  nationalist policies and anti-eu sentiment are a lot more common irl in europe than they are in this sub , and it 's mostly a waste of time trying to have meaningful dialogues about either topic cause you end up downvoted . 
  it 's a minority of reddit users who want to have a charitable and friendly dialogue on these topics . 
  it 's one of the best movies i 've ever seen . 
  try and find a good one . 
  i 'm not sure if they qualify as `` not getting many tourists '' , but a\u00e7ores and madeira . 
  the portuguese islands are really scenic , not too expensive , and are good to visit year-round ( its 60-70f all year basically ) . 
  lot 's of nice hikes , old buildings , good restaurants and pleasant beaches . 
  @op you have a massive sample bias itt because the average age is probably ~ 19 just something to consider . 
  if you were ethnically portuguese or spanish and brought it up with adults in iberia most would find it very interesting and want to know more about your family background . 
  the exact topic you bring up is a very ` en vogue ' thing for europeans to complain about , but maybe you already know that .
