  farage sure knows how to bring the drama !, 
  i agree that there is a growing amount of russian apologism , but i make the personal argument that it 's a direct result of western propagandas consistently referring to groups like army of mujahideen , liwa jai , jaf , ahrar al-sham etc. 
  as ` moderate rebels ' . 
  then the same groups post videos on twitter with numerous beheadings , referring to u.s. soldiers as ` christian pigs ' or ` crusaders ' , openly mock syrian armenians , assyrians etc. 
  via twitter or video , come right out and say the future for syria will be a ` sunni theocratic state with appropriate proportional representation ' etc. 
  it 's hard to do some hard info-gathering on syria and come away feeling like russia are the ` bad guys ' there , at least compared to the numerous other factions at play . 
  not sure if it 's what he 's referencing , but i remember in school sometime in the 80 's morocco and libya made a military alliance and were doing some exercises related to invading ceuta . 
  spain was like ` um nato , err pls ' and nato was all ` fuck off spain your african cities are n't our problem ' , and spain was pissed off . 
  nothing came of it , but i think that 's in part because the u.s. king or whatever did an emergency visit to morocco and threatened them to tone it the fuck down or else . 
  again , this is a hazy remembering from grade school , so he may be talking about something else . 
  i tried to google and found only a small article about it . 
  lol my old man refuses to call it anything but cechoslovaquia , i think he is in denial that slovakia even exists . 
  oddly , he has no issue with yugoslavia being gone and is aware that croacia , serbia etc are actual countries . 
  i was going to try and counter you , but then i realized when i think of modern ` famous ' greeks i know that are n't political figures it basically is just some footballers , litsa diamanti , and that triple jumper who was banned from the olympics for saying west nile mosquitos will eat home-made food ... oof, 
  i 'm also a bit skeptical that aristotle is more well known globally than jesus . 
  i 'm curious how this stat would look separated by gender . 
  just an anecdote , but it appears more common here for women to live with parents until marriage or plan to be married as opposed to men who usually get a flat on their own if they can afford it regardless of relation status . 
  they 're gon na make a killing off the nervous and ` not want to offend ' type of canadians ... 
  i know you 're just parroting things you heard other people say and do n't understand the situation well , but try to use some occam 's razor . 
  do you think the most likely situation here is that the only country assad actually invites to syria shows up , and immediately goes on a civilian killing rampage in one of the most pro-assad cities in the entire country ? 
  does that sound reasonable ? 
  yes , that must be it , assad invites russia and they immediately just intentionally start murdering civilians because ... reasons . 
  meanwhile us bombs saa while they 're literally actively engaged and surrounded by isis in dez and we are able to accept it was a mistake like reasonable people . 
  no call for sanctions necessary . 
  how the fuck are they meant to sanction russia for responding to a call to assistance from their military ally in syria which has nothing whatsoever to do with the eu ? 
  are they going to blame russia for the refugee crisis now ? 
  really ? 
  for me uk is the weirdest . 
  still using miles in a place where everyone understands meters just fine is a bit more bizarre . 
  in fact , it 's weird even in the u.s. , as in my experience everyone there ( even the more stupid types ) had a good idea of metric length and volume , it was only temperature they did n't know . 
  yeah , european ( i mean geography here ) and coastal turks tend to be more europe mixed . 
  you see the same in other countries , most notably lebanon and syria ( large % euro mix in coastal regions ) . 
  to be honest i think you see this in the entire meditteranean , and it 's not pure geography but probably due to history and interaction w/arabs and north africans . 
  the creepiest part for me was that neighbors/acquaintences described the woman as very pleasant if a bit eccentric . 
  just insane to have a nice neighbor lady with a garden going off to rob banks and murder people on the weekend . 
  i hope she spends the rest of her life in prison . 
  hyper self-criticism seems to be a bizarre common european trait . 
  you never see mongolians or turks beating themselves up over the genghis khan era ( in fact i 'd say most people lionize it ) , i do n't know any turks who beat themselves up over the ottoman 's segregated slave empire and assorted conquests . 
  hell , it 's even common today to see european journalists writing articles expressing shock and horror that a japanese politician ca n't be bothered to apologize for ww2 war crimes in current year . 
  it 's susprising the lack of self-awareness ( most ? ), 
  people have in this regard . 
  lol a little harsh mate but yeah probably wrong sub :(, 
  there is a massive difference in the general temperament of the immigrants to europe based on their religious/ethnic demographics . 
  it 's a very uncomfortable thing to discuss . 
  an alawi from aleppo or an assyrian from amadiya is going to integrate significantly easier than a somali or libyan there 's one big ideology that is responsible for 99 % + of the islamic terrorism in europe but it 's something everyone has to dance around . 
  i 'd say maybe a hardcore communist rather than socialist but yeah its similar . 
  you 'll find almost all saying they support the idea but not agree on the way to get there, 
   also , i know some pretty hardcore muslims who despise isis and their actions , yet still support the founding of an `` islamic state '' . 
  they just do n't think isis is that state . 
  i would say this is the majority view if not close to it for european muslims . 
  like i said , this is the theoretical end goal . 
  it 's something almost all muslims ( with the notable exception of ibadi 's and other small sects ) agree should be worked towards, 
  lol if i told you only 20 % of americans have nazi sympathies would you defend americans ? 
  the fucking hypocrisy never ends with the apologists . 
  yeah dude , that 's the entire point of the religion . 
  lol why do you think they converted ? 
  you think they ` saw the light ' ? 
  let me guess , you think the jews after the spanish inquisition just ` converted ' too right ? 
  ah yeah , i forgot about the trump holy war he is fighting in jersualem rife with sex slaves and videotaped decapitations . 
  hopefully he wins his campaign to put up christians only signs in rome like they have in mecca and medina glad you reminded us . 
  it 's always like this with these surveys . 
  they will ask them questions like ` do you support the idea of a global caliphate ' then call it isis report . 
  many muslims are going to say they support a global caliphate cause they are taught from a young age that this would be the ideal end-goal for earth . 
  that does n't mean they think it should happen in their lifetime or by war at all . 
  muslims already believe a lot of heinous things , i dont know why they need to put so much spin on things . 
  they already praise a merchant warlord who fucked little girls , had numerous sex slaves , and massacred entire villages for worshiping idols . 
  maybe just focus on that . 
  turks have been trying to fuck over greeks for 600 or so years given that im a proud nato member its an embarassment that one of the few countries that meets its nato expectations ( or at least comes closer than the majority of eu countries ) despite being shackled by poverty is allowed to be bullied by a larger member like this . 
  turkey should just leave nato , they 're already a disgrace, 
   a group of about 15 people were involved in the attack and surrounded the patrol car , the afp news agency reports . 
  15 people jesus christ, 
  lol wow is it artificial ? 
  youre 100 % right, 
  im just a fan of hamburg bremen and lubeck because of paradox games . 
  i know its not ` real history ' but those games certainly put in respect how important those cities were to global trade historically . 
  lol what are you a prussian nationalist ? 
  i think its become the ` cool ' thing to talk bad on paris sadly . 
  maybe it gets too hyped up so people have unrealistic expectations or something . 
  the only negative things i have to say about the city is that cdg is located there i think my next france trip will be to your region though , had a mate book a fishing trip there and he wo n't stop raving about the seafood and seaside cafes , if you got any protips let me know !, 
  isnt sweden the loneliest country for swedes as well ? 
  glad to see you 're excited . 
  you 'll probably be very cold depending on when exactly you go . 
  0c for example in prague specifically felt colder to me than 0c in other places , maybe because of the wind etc. 
  def bring very warm clothes . 
  i 've spent a decent amount of time in all the cities you mentioned except rome . 
  i 've never been to honduras but i worked with an afro-honduran for awhile . 
  just some random bullet points i guess - people are n't generally as friendly compared to the americas , not necessarily in the rude way they just are more ` to the point ' in communication - cz uses crowns not euros as currency , try to get an exchange done at a bank beforehand or use an atm/cash machine , the exchange places are often estafas like that famous vid on reddit - it 's the biggest tourist thing but in praga make sure to go to charles bridge and check out the orloj square - it 's a big tourist attraction for a reason !, 
  - in praga the beer is nice , i recommend to try a beef svickova meal with a starobrno or pilsner beer at any of the random restaurants around the city center . 
  svickova is maybe not the best food on earth but as a portuguese i thought it was a really interesting dish . 
  - if you use an atm take a look around before , and be careful of gypsy children . 
  it 's common for gypsies in europe to use children as thieves . 
  - in paris , when entering a store , just say bonjour to the cashier/employee . 
  it 's the polite thing there and is their culture . 
  i think a lot of ` rude parisian ' memes come from failure to do this simple gesture . 
  - my time in brussels was short , but i was surprised at how few people understood english . 
  maybe just my bad experience but something to keep in mind . 
  - paris is maybe the best city in the world for ` people watching ' , but it might suck in winter . 
  either way try to hang out at a cafe and do nothing . 
  i 'm a bit of a paris-phile but just the sound and energy of the city is awesome . 
  if you have any more specific questions , even maybe embarrassing ones , feel free to ask here or shoot me a pm .
