  maybe i 'm a cynic but the us president does n't seem too powerful . 
  i do n't see us policy dramatically changing regardless of who wins . 
  obama was the peace and love guy and we still had ` black sites ' in europe where jihadis were ` interrogated ' , a us citizen ( even if a bad guy ) was remote control assassinated via drone in yemen , tons of soldiers in afghan , etc. 
  seems like the pres in us is really just the pr guy for whatever bodies call the real shots . 
  ask them what type of french women they want to kill for allah and maybe you 'll figure it out . 
  hint : not the tunisian , moroccan or algerian kind . 
  yeah . 
  with current security standards as they are i suspect for the next decade or so the major attacks will be paris/beslan style . 
  there 's already a lot of rhetoric on the web about evil ` crusaders ' bombing children in airstrikes , so something like beslan will be viewed as ` fair ' to jihadis . 
  i 'm not a woman , but i 'm an employer and have been in plenty of relationships . 
  yet to have had a girlfriend who is so disabled by menstruation that time off would be reasonable . 
  furthermore , as an employer , i do n't run the kind of business that could operate with someone missing a semi-random 3-4 days every month . 
  this seems like a really silly ` feel good ' idea that lacks practicality , and were i a woman i 'd find it a bit offensive . 
  in most eu countries the people advocating migrations are getting filthy rich from it . 
  they own the companies , ngo 's and such that are paid to construct/maintain refugee housing . 
  their kids get cushy management jobs in the government departments that deal with refugees . 
  lastly , numerous large scale low skill labor staffing agencies ( think companies that run things like hotel cleaners , office janitors , large scale laundries etc ) are either owned by them or politically tied to them . 
  when the refugees get citizenship or residency they can flood this labor market and lower working wages which would cause a pretty significant boost to profitability . 
  just always follow the dollar , politicians all over the spectrum do n't truly do anything out of honest benevolence . 
  dude , you can safely bet money this is a hate crime ` hoax ' done by some teenage leftist . 
  it 's not exactly uncommon . 
  remember that guy in germany who stabbed himself a bunch and tried to blame it on ` nazis ' ? 
  awesome ave , thanks for the info !, 
  there was something on local radio here about saudi building basically a resort city in bosnia . 
  unfortunately i did n't listen well but they mentioned something about locals being upset that the resort towns included saudi funded mosques + lots of arabs were buying property/homes even though they only use them a few weeks for a year ( driving up property value ) . 
  any idea what town/resort this was ? 
  i 've asked before but i 'm starting to wonder if i 'm imagining the radio report cause nobody seems to know about it . 
  thanks !, 
  the lemon juice is maybe what makes it , i knew it had a hint of citrus . 
  does the sauce have a specific name or is it served with other things ? 
  even if it 's not , attempting to make predictions about possible future problems is all too lacking in political discourse . 
  see : global warming . 
  you really do n't need to do a lot of research to discover that allowing large migration into europe will fundamentally change the character of the continent 50-100 years down the road . 
  some would say for the better , others for the worse . 
  i really have a thing for svickova ( sp ? ) . 
  when i 'm in prague or brno i always try to find some dive place to get it . 
  to this day i 'm not sure exactly what the sauce is but for a very filling type of meal i think it 's perfect . 
   every time i 've been to one it has always been the leftists who start the violence , and raise tensions between parties and police . 
  the far left antifa thugs are pretty much the only source of mob violence in portugal outside of our shitty ultras . 
  mainstream media seems to underreport it , at least here . 
  they 're pretty much always a group of emo type teens who are n't too into sport looking for some way to get out their aggression i guess . 
  of course , letting out aggression in this case means breaking the window of a cafe and trying to 5v1 some 50 year old guy who supports the nationalist party then throwing a rock at the cops , running away , and calling them oppressors . 
  edit : just look to the anarchism sub on reddit and you can get an idea of the cringe fiesta these guys are, 
  this article is terrible . 
  it pretty much reads like : `` people running for office who i do n't like are dangerous , because if they win office , other politicians might copy their platform '' . 
  how is this particular to le pen and trump . 
  it 's just laughably bad . 
   rather , it is the very real ways in which populists are already poisoning our public policies and making our elections largely meaningless . 
  people i do n't like are polling decently , our elections are now meaningless !, 
   fuck you france , failed artists but excellent thieves . 
  lol . 
  i 've never heard this before . 
  tell me it 's a common phrase in italian or something . 
  it 's probably comfortable to try and put a positive spin on the fact that they essentially became the vichy france of ottoman occupation . 
  by viewing the church back then as an oppressive part of their history it makes it easier to swallow giving up their old culture to have a better status within the ottoman empire . 
  both dem and rep in the us are kind of split amongst themselves about how much power they think the federal govt should wield . 
  new hampshire 's ( democrat ) piece of shit governor recently veto 'd a bill for fully legal weed colorado style despite  60 % of voters being for it and an even larger majority of their state representatives . 
  it definitely would depend on how you define `` jihadist '' . 
  if you call anyone with a favorable view of state sunni islamism it 's probably in the mid 5 digits . 
  if you call people who would actually carry out a violent attack on account of it 5k or somewhere in that range sounds about right . 
  i think what he is trying to say is that the europol director 's quote saying `` no evidence of isis * systematically * ... '' it means it 's not a very detailed and organized operation . 
  if isis puts out a general message saying `` if you 're in europe or arrive there and support us , do an attack ! '', 
  it 's not ` systematically ' shipping soldiers but indirectly is doing so . 
  it 's hilarious that you see this as ` ruthless against ' . 
  i think it 's far more likely they 're just hurrying them to get them away from the mob asap and avoid escalation , and that the refugees themselves possibly do n't understand the seriousness of the situation . 
  agreed , to an extent . 
  however , it 's not a coincidence that many eu countries are bussing these refugees to small villages of 800 people , where again just by coincidence , none of these bourgeois progressives actually live . 
   i 'm shocked , this was ever allowed in europe . 
  it 's like actively helping to deteriorate your own country by foreign governments . 
  i feel the same way , but i feel like this is considered ` wrong ' think . 
  it 's particularly funny in the case of ksa , where opening any religious building not related to islam is quite literally against the law . 
  people vastly underestimate the luck factor . 
  for every steve jobs there was 500 guys just like him that were in the wrong place at the wrong time at some pivotal moment and never got their breakthrough . 
  michael jordan ( the basketball player ) of all people considering his reputation as being cocky , actually gave a great interview talking about all the dynamic luck factors that had to take place for him to even become an nba player let alone goat . 
   you 're right about the factors you mentioned . 
  americans cherish the individual freedoms and that the state does not intervene much in their lives . 
  europeans kind of never had that , because of many factors . 
  yeah , people talk a lot about economics with the us opinions about individuality  state help , but for me it seems a lot more likely it 's because they 've never had a history of : - dictatorship - communism - monarchy i think all 3 of those government types can result in people become more reliant on the state , even subconsciously and personally i believe those attitudes can carry on for generations . 
  i think they 're just using the 3-4 most populous ( west ) euro countries ? 
  there was a local radio show here talking something about ksa investing a billion dollars + into some new halal vacation/ski resort somewhere in bosnia . 
  they had some locals who apparently complained because rich arab guys were actually buying full homes near the resort even though they 'd only stay in them 1-2 weeks a year . 
  it seemed like a relatively new thing . 
  of course also in the resort town the ksa is funding mosques , which is interesting . 
  any news about something like that ? 
  i think if you consider it ` trivial ' to have your country wrongfully attributed to running a mass scale execution project you 're probably in the minority . 
  not sure if you 're being obtuse but the ` rise in anti-semitism ' in europe and particular in malmo is obviously a result of a large demographic shift . 
  it 's a bit comical to watch mainstream news outlets dance around the obvious though !, 
  surprised this is allowed to stay up here . 
  i quite enjoy tommy robinson interviews , he has a certain working class charm to him . 
  maybe i 'm confused but that appears very low , for income anyways . 
  vat maybe a bit high but are n't there some eu countries with 20 % + vat ? 
  why are so many turkish in uk anyways ? 
  you guys really have a thing for occupying other peoples ' islands , eh . 
  it 's a pretty well documented trend where people are oddly poor about identifying others via memory . 
  sometimes the policia also can subconsciously implant the idea that someone is their attacker without any malicious intent on their part . 
  it 's pretty hilarious . 
  they try to shame countries for handling their own borders as they see fit . 
  what exactly is a country if it does n't have borders and regulate who crosses them as they like ? 
  is n't that pretty much a prime component to being a sovereign country in the first place ? 
  if you want to use the us as a model , it 's likely what they will eventually do is force a certain % of the students to go to a certain school regardless of which is closer to them .
