  forgive my cynical nature and i mean no offense to the pious , but is this possibly a tax/money laundering type of thing ? 
  mate i think you 're viewing things the way you wish they were instead of the way they really are . 
  the cost of living is n't the issue . 
  our grandparents had more kids cause they did n't use birth control . 
  now that we have birth control educated and middle/upper class people spend their money on themselves . 
  women who pursue advanced degrees and careers do n't have time or ability to make children and if they wait past 30 it becomes even more unlikely as their dating pool is usually 40 + men ( many whom have kids already or simply arent interested in having any ) the birth rate and women in the workforce has had a pretty much 100 % inverse correlation , but it 's a very touchy subject . 
  as an older-ish person , i find it interesting how in the 90 's the left wing was all about [ birth control and fixing ` overpopulation ' as the way to stave off climate change ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_jspbgokp8la/sggb83-7z0i/aaaaaaaaers/3lq7hzsfvg4/s400/staythecoursepope.gif ) . 
  they would talk about technological process and point to places like japan that show us how we can manage a reduced population economically moving forward . 
  now many of the same people suddenly decide we need mass immigration because we 're not overpopulated anymore , in fact we must maintain or grow our population at all costs . 
  do n't really have a point here , it 's just interesting to see popular opinion from the same ` group ' of people change slowly over time . 
  companies do n't keep track of foreign workers but are limited to specific quotas regarding h , l and in some cases o visas ? 
  really ? 
   recruitment efforts : the h1b dependent employer must also attest to making good faith attempts to recruit us workers and offering prevailing wages for this position . 
  when hiring an h1b worker , it is important for employers to recognize the attendant responsibilities that they must shoulder . 
  although the requirements are not excessively burdensome , the employer is required to maintain some paperwork to demonstrate its compliance with the law . 
  a clear understanding and fulfillment of these requirements will minimize possible civil penalties and ensure that the employer will be permitted to petition for future h1b workers [ http://www.h1base.com/] ( http://www.h1base.com/ ), 
   your perspective is vile . 
  pointing out that documenting foreign workers is n't literally hitler and is actually common practice is n't vile . 
  dunno if you missed the memo but the uk is leaving the eu so they need to prepare for the future where eu right to work is n't a thing in the uk . 
  mps in britain ca n't believe that the uk wants to behave like every other western non-eu country and regulate the amount of foreign workers companies are allowed to employ . 
   rudd , who lived in new york for several years , also promised to target students from outside the eu with tougher visa rules , in a speech to applause from conservative party members . 
  they add this in to try and make her look hypocritical or something , which i guess might work on people who lack critical thinking . 
  i lived in ny and worked on a visa for 2 years too , and my company not only had to report how many foreigners they employed , but they had to justify why they would hire a foreigner in the first place and show that they made a ` reasonable ' attempt to seek us citizens for my job too . 
  i know for a fact that canada does the same , and i presume the european non-eu countries have some similar regulations . 
  there 's fair arguments against protectionist economic policies and such , but this is n't some wild abnormally oppressive proposition the mp made . 
   a scottish national party mp , meanwhile , compared the policy to those pursued by the nazy party in germany during the 1930s . 
   `` what next ? , '' asked paul monaghan . 
  `` make them wear them special badges and stop them owning anything ? '' just lol . 
  it 's a theory , and it 's not scientifically proven in any sense of the term . 
  they 're still studying it extensively to this day . 
  obviously the pope has ulterior motives here but there 's a fair argument to not teaching children these things at younger ages where they may not understand a lot of the nuance . 
  i 'm sorry but all these articles just read like revenge fantasy to me rather than a realistic prediction or even discussion about post-brexit europe . 
  how much are you paying ? 
  i 'm trying to picture white americans protesting about the fact that east asians are massively overrepresented at caltech and mit but i just do n't do n't see it ever happening . 
  this is called [ huffington post diversity ] ( http://www.louhew.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/huff-post-519x410.jpg ) i believe . 
  i think 2 parents is more important than money in any measure of someones upbringing , and im fairly confident that data available supports that theory . 
  this is just a platitude with very little substance and even less reality ... 
  if countries pass this we are completely fucked as taxpayers . 
  it 's not something people like to hear , but it 's probably true . 
  when people think of single moms they like to think of 35 year old power lawyers and marketing execs , but the reality is most of these women are living off the state and making it easier for that to happen wo n't be good . 
  this is probably one of the more controversial opinions i have but i wish it was something ppl were more open to honestly discussing i would even go as far as to say that promoting single parenthood regardless of gender is abusive to children , so i guess i 'm fairly extreme . 
   you can never lose your license if speeding is detected by a camera . 
  what do you mean here ? 
  if police can find you speeding , you can lose license , but if its a camera , you can not ? 
  kapitan , tu video con llos camioncitos de coca cola es super cool wey . 
  am i the only one who has checked out [ this guys website ? 
  ] ( http://www.cazadordelpasado.com/ ) dude is a time traveller from 1999 imo, 
  yeah it was hard to watch kinda . 
  felt bad for the kids and kinda annoyed at the crowd too . 
  theyr\u00e9 teenagers no shit they dont agree with you and might say some silly things, 
  [ here 's a youtube link to the incident with the teen protestors incl . 
  english subtitles if you turn on cc ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhje0cpzwgo ) no idea how accurate the subs are but they appear to line up with the story in the article . 
  the article is a bit too long imo , but as you can imagine it 's a mostly negative . 
  not really much to comment on , i was kinda disappointed as it was so long but did n't really say anything of substance beyond what you 'd expect . 
  is this actually an opinion any canadian or uk person has ? 
  i always thought the relationship was quite warm ( esp . 
  compared to brasil/portugal which i ca n't help but consider ) , seems like a weird agenda to have but maybe there 's something i do n't know . 
  it 's very interesting to see nawaz take this angle . 
  it 's also weird to sort of ` track ' how young people feel the hijab is mandatory as opposed to the perspective just 50 years ago or so , where even many scholars said wearing it in europe would be discouraged due to it being ` pompous ' and ` attention seeking ' which goes against modesty . 
  ( apparently ) driveby shootings in malm\u00f6 we almost fully americanized now lads, 
  it will only increase . 
  once eu countries hit us/brazil levels of diversity i suspect crime rates will stabilize around their levels . 
  personally i do n't think he 'll enact any policy or do anything outrageous . 
  that 's partially why i also ca n't wait for the endless reddit drama that will pop up when he wins . 
  if you go to politics there are people who literally think that when he gets elected he 'll immediately deport all muslims and ban abortion i 'm no expert in us legal systems but i 'm very confident that neither of those things are remotely possible even if he actually did want to do them , checks and balances and such . 
  just because there is n't one ` jewish ethnicity ' does n't make it not an ethnically based state . 
  you 're not giving birthright trips to any aboriginal australians now are you ? 
  eh , in lagos people are fined quite often . 
  i do n't think cops in every city will act the same . 
   but if it 's not their preference why would they choose to stay in a society that does n't cater to their needs they 're more concerned with their in-group , who will absolutely excommunicate them for leaving it . 
  when you see women saying hijab 'em powers them ' its textbook stockholm rationalization . 
  they are finding a way to make it a positive because they know deep down if they assimilate their family and direct social group will disassociate with them . 
  yes this applies to many other cultural mores but it still stands as an observable reality . 
  i really hate anglo medias ( mostly us to be fair ) obsession with our drug laws . 
  if you are smoking a joint in public or asking random people to buy drugs you are probably going to get a  100 $ fine and barred from re-entering portugal for some time . 
  just because we have some centers where junkies can do heroin and do n't put you in jail for smoking pot does n't mean we are some drug playground . 
  special fuck you too vice , it would be like them to pretend this policy was 100 % good . 
  i agree it 's good for heroin addicts maybe but in general i 'm still not convinced . 
  jesus christ ... this almost reads like an onion article . 
  with the nyt specifically it 's something immediately notable though . 
  could it be france 's relationship with lebanon that bothers nyt staff ? 
  the nyt seems to be shitting on france incessantly lately , even if indirectly such as in this article . 
  it 's kind of bizarre . 
  lol you ca n't win with this crowd here . 
  i 'll keep investing in gbp and i 'll be laughing at all these guys in 2-3 years . 
  they really do n't understand economics at all , they just want to believe in an impractical revenge fantasy rather than being a realist . 
  beyond the question of why it is necessary , have they even done study to see if it is effective ? 
  nato clearly works very well ( imo i guess ) . 
  what would an eu army even look like ? 
  what language would it operate in ? 
  would language barriers cause it to be ineffective ? 
  just seems like a whole lot of trying to fix things that are not currently broken . 
  nobody intelligent or with understanding in economics thinks this . 
  removing uk from common market will hurt eu just as much as the uk . 
  the uk is the 2nd/3rd biggest economy in the region depending on how you measure it . 
  this is such a stupid and arrogant point of view . 
  challenge your own views sometimes , you sound like a partisan lunatic . 
   routinely getting murdered haha point taken buddy but i think we have different definitions of ` routine murder ' . 
  indeed i agree the media does a lot to promote this kind of thing . 
  i would bet large money this is not the ` english right wing ' but a group of young chavs who never voted in their lives,
