  there is a direct correlation between women 's education level and birthrate . 
  women who are climbing academic and corporate ladders do n't want to risk losing their status/accomplishments and get ` set back ' by taking significant time off and so they opt out of having children . 
  also the wide availability of birth control is another factor , but increased education seems to have accelerated it . 
  it sucks too , because a culture of shaming young at-home mothers is pretty much already in place in all of europe . 
  full time mothers are great and their children are very fortunate . 
  it depends on how tin foil you wan na go but some see his activities as intentional destabilisation to profit off the fallout , most notably his actions in the uk and malaysia which you can read about on his wiki . 
  there 's plenty of groups out there who engage in this sort of thing but he has a larger public face than most . 
  many would also argue that his ` progressive ' image is a facade as well , just another calculated business move . 
  reality is probably somewhere in the middle as usual . 
  i do n't lack sympathy for our catholic brothers in poland , i just try to take a middle view to these things . 
   like i understand where the fear about russia is coming from it 's 90 % media hype that is heavily influenced by certain interest groups . 
  that said , it does appear clear that trump/putin may enter into a friendship due to the mutual benefit of applying more pressure to europe and maybe china . 
  hard to blame them from a game theory sense . 
  we 've been lazy for 20 + years now . 
  i do agree russia just wants stability , and i 'm mildly sympathetic to the russian view of nato being a hostile alliance that continuously expands toward their borders . 
  that said , they obviously will look out for themselves 1st , but it 's hard to stay rational and blame them for this . 
  in 90 % of places you 'd want to travel to it takes less time than booking your trip to begin with . 
  not to mention , places like portugal , spain , cz , netherlands are heavily incentivized to offer the uk visa free tourist travel like they do the americans, 
  pretty sure that 's gon na happen , maybe not the russia part but if the eu goes full spiteful i think trump will ` help ' the uk as much as possible . 
  i 'm kind of shocked at how many people think attaining a travel visa is some horrifically difficult procedure that no brit will ever be able to accomplish , or worse if they just wish it was true cause it 'd make them happy . 
  jesus christ no wonder podemos does so well . 
  did they stop teaching economics in spain ? 
  i tried [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slivovitz ) once in czech republic and found it kind of unique/good . 
  not a big drinker but if it 's possible to get it i can recommend trying . 
  belgian trappist beers are kinda famous , made by monks and high alcohol . 
  as to basic beers , i always enjoyed amstel and smithwicks for light and dark option . 
  ( pls do n't kill me alcohol experts ), 
   how do you feel about `` ever closer union '' it 's probably a large minority of my country , but i 'm very eu-skeptic . 
  i would support leaving the eu if i felt  30 % of my countrymen felt the same , but i do n't go out and protest for it or actively involve myself in eu exit politics . 
   how real is threat of far right in eu , will these parties take over france and germany in next elections ? 
  will probably grow the more we import muslims . 
  if you put up secret votes and left it to the people i do n't think many euro countries would be accepting so many immigrants , esp from muslim countries . 
   are you impacted by brexit anyway . . not really , no . 
  maybe very indirectly by some friends who 've left to the uk , but they should be working in portugal anyways   do you see turkey as part of eu or not i struggle with this question , as well as the question if georgians or armenians are european . 
  i lean a little toward yes but i would n't fault somebody who said no . 
  sorry if thats a bit of a non-answer . 
   now that the uk has voted itself into irrelevance lol, 
   do you guys support the right ideology spreading in europe and other countries all over the world i do but most on the / r/europe sub probably do n't . 
  i 'm actually really happy that modi is willing to say some of the things that eu politicians can not without being called ` racist ' . 
   which dish would you suggest me try ? 
  do you have dietary restrictions ? 
  if not , traditional portuguese bacalhau or jam\u00f3n iberico/serrano are probably the most iconic iberian dishes . 
  people here have a very positive view of india and indians in general . 
  where i live it 's mostly gujaratis but they are known as kind people who work a lot and their kids are always polite and respectful . 
  the worst things i 've ever heard people say is that they do n't like indian food . 
  regarding historical wars etc. , 99 % of people do n't care about this stuff . 
  portuguese have a very ` the past was in the past ' mentality , perhaps a bit contrary to uk who always sits around talking about former empire and feeling guilty or proud . 
  not a full answer , but roma criminals notoriously often use their children as thieves/beggars . 
  even in the ` indigenous ' european criminal culture this is extremely rare and looked at like the lowest of the low behavior . 
  really cool , i 've wanted to visit since seeing a documentary about it on youtube but the language barrier makes me a bit hesitant . 
  how was the food/restaurant experience if i may ask a follow up ? 
  i 've read minsk was the cleanest city in all of europe , it 's true ? 
  im surprised uk is so low , must be because we send them all our doctors ... 
  there 's an almost obvious divide in people who ` understand ' free speech in europe and it correlates directly with who had a dictator/communism most recently or is n't germany . 
  to a lot of people from more wealthy eu countries the idea that the government might decide that ` hate speech ' includes talking bad about catholicism , or criticizing the state etc. 
  is completely incomprehensible . 
  you 'll notice on this sub most ppl saying unlimited free speech is best are almost all e. europe , iberians , and some uk people . 
  crimeans have been voting for independence consistently since 1994 ( excluding the vote they did immediately in 1991 when it was decided they would join ukraine ) . 
  the * worst * outcome of these votes was 81 % in favor , the highest was 91 % . 
  crimeans were n't democratically added into ukraine in the first place . 
  furthermore the russian army was always in sevastopol ( they leased a military base there ) , there was no notably abnormal movement of russian military in or out of crimea as a region . 
  this really is n't as black and white as people wish it was . 
  a supermajority of crimeans have wanted to leave ukraine since modern ukraine became a thing . 
  cathlic monks making high alcohol beer and the european capital of takfiri islam . 
  you should get more in touch with muslim twitter . 
  new publish articles all day about ` rising nationalism ' and list figures with like 2k twitter followers as a problem . 
  literal al-nusra shills like bilal kareem have 55k + followers . 
  already some of the pro-syrian rebel twitter accounts i follow are saying things like ` well if those sodomites went there to behave like degenerates they got what they deserve ' ask a turk to [ translate this gem ] ( https://twitter.com/anililter/status/815375825998610432 ) !, 
  i find the accents from north brasil and brasilia more easy than from the urban centers . 
  that sounds retarded to say as a portuguese , but in the south of brasil they have some strange pronunciations . 
  lol you 're an asshole andy, 
  should do like some football leagues , 90 % or so of your workers in high qualification fields must be domestic . 
  i remember during brexit there was a remain ad . 
  showing that some hospital was something like 70 % non uk workers , and how bad it will be if uk leaves because there will be a doctor shortage . 
  my first thought was ok , then train more doctors and nurses , problem solved . 
  ca n't stop laughing that the average polish man has a shaved head . 
  it helps [ avoid uncomfortable numbers ] ( http://www.realclearscience.com/journal_club/2013/04/05/us_homicide__suicide_rates_in_whites__blacks_106500.html ) in some respects . 
  my first thought hahahaha, 
  if any of the low murder rate states tried to secede it would be labeled racist . 
  poverty is increasing and crime is decreasing all over the entire united states . 
  it 's not a conspiracy theory , it 's a demonstrable fact . 
  if you want to be a zealot about the theory be my guest , income as a factor in crime completely disappears when controlling for other factors . 
  it 's not bad per se , but i 'm a believer that mexico secretly has some of the top beers in the world ( no , not corona ), 
  it 's a popular theory for sure , just hard to find hard data supporting it as it 's inherently subjective to some extent . 
  [ this was the article ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052748703580904574638024055735590 ) many years ago that got me looking into it further as i was in undergrad at the time . 
  note that heather mac donald is a fairly ` right-wing ' political analyst , but her data regarding crime dropping in los angeles while la 's unemployment rate doubled in the 2000 's is accurate . 
  really if you 're interested you should just google around , but it 's impossible to find people who are not clearly biased in their research in my opinion . 
  regardless , when you take in a lot of the data it becomes apparent poverty is only a very small factor in crime rates globally . 
  even now the new ` idea ' from people who used to champion the poverty thesis is that it 's not poverty but ` economic inequality ' - i 'm still not personally sold on the idea . 
   contrary to what i had thought , relative poverty does not play a decisive role in predicting predisposition to crime . 
  it 's a strange thing , since i 've read studies that link it clearly with crime within countries . 
  i do n't really want to get into a big discussion about it here as it is a complicated and touchy subject , but the idea that poverty correlates directly with crime ( globally ) is a pretty commonly accepted falsehood . 
  in fact it mostly comes from u.s. and some other multicultural countries ( e , g , brazil , colombia , israel ) data where economic status also correlates heavily with ethnic/culture group . 
  when you control for economic and education factors there is still notable gaps at every level between different nationalities/ethnic groups . 
  e , g , poor uneducated koreans in the u.s. still commit less crime than poor whites or indios in the u.s. all modern science does in fact point to an ' x factor ' that is as yet undetermined or unquantifiable . 
  edit : also , on a personal note , i quite like your last few blog posts and their short/simple format . 
  i 've bookmarked it in case you become more active mi amigo de jam\u00f3n . 
  edit 2 : paywalled article , i do n't have access either but hopefully google can turn up a copy . 
  it was basically a short article noting the fact that l.a. 's crime had dropped significantly as poverty also increased by 200 % during the same period and provided quite a bit of data . 
  the author 's conclusion that mass incarceration in the u.s. might actually be what 's causing the often discussed rather large reduction in crime in the u.s. over the last 40 years , personally not a fan of her hypothesis but yeah that 's the cliff notes of the article for lazy people .
