  basically back to the bush era again as far as foreign policy goes . 
  nah he 's a brooklyn jew who lives in vermont now . 
  it 's basically the best possible option from the fucking white male category for american ` progressives ' . 
  i 've only been to barcelona , but my impression there was most certainly not that the gypsy community was well integrated . 
  they care about having lots of gold stuff , or fake gold stuff that looks real . 
  gypsy communities like this generally make almost a religion out of stealing or living off the state . 
  they see conning somebody as a display of cleverness and intelligence and consider people who do honest work as being stupid or silly . 
  like others pointed out , there are a lot of gypsy sub-groups and they 're not all uniform in lifestyle or outlook . 
  people cheered to that ? 
  in sweden ? 
  people do n't want to criticize the ottomans because ignorants think they 're `` brown '' , and extra ignorants like to engage in historical whataboutism and think you 're inherently criticizing islam so they toss a `` dae crusades '' as if it 's some kind of justification or rebuttal . 
   the other hypothesis for the brabant killers is that they were members of a far-right group with connections to westland new post , that conducted these random raids with the aim of destabilising belgium so a far-right government could seize power to retain order . 
  this explanation never seemed very reasonable to me , and yet it 's the most popular one from what i read . 
  it just seems like if you wanted to destabilize a country , there 's better ways to do it then seemingly random murders in a grocery store or flower shop . 
  why do swedes hate jews so much ? 
  most people do n't laugh at 9/11 jokes . 
  are you a teen ? 
  i guess barely being able to remember it or being a bit immature might explain your situation . 
  hey i know this comment is a month old but is this patronizing or serious ? 
  is it a reference ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand, 
  this morning it was very strange , here on the radio station that has bbc and other english language broadcasts they had some story that seemed like almost straight up propaganda encouraging support for uk to stay in the eu . 
  was about some family in gibraltar who has an autistic kid who sees a doctor in spain , and how their lives will be ruined if uk leaves and they ca n't enter spain as easily . 
  it 's a sad story , but it was just so strange and random . 
  like , ` here is this story about a poor british family in gibraltar who wo n't get adequate medical care if brexit happens ! ' . 
  was n't even that interesting of a story really , how can it even be a news piece ... 
  yeah , what ? 
  i was going to say , is n't this 100 % about gypsies or is it the 800lb elephant everyone is dancing around ? 
  dont militaries do this sort of thing frequently ? 
   i dated a canadian once , she told me that when she mentions to western europeans that she 's canadian they become friendlier . 
  i 'm very confident this was all in her head . 
  i 've lived in u.s. and people in na seem to think that europeans hate americans and love canadians or something . 
  in reality 98 % of europeans do n't really consider them anything different at all . 
  well i ca n't speak for sweden , but here in portugal for example i use an accountant because i 'm a small business owner with employees and i do n't want to make errors . 
  but yeah , that ` normal ' employees in the u.s. do their own income taxes for both state and federal is ridiculous imo . 
  i was thinking this too . 
  the article also seemed really shit . 
  `` i do n't care about the high sales tax cause i do n't notice it since it is included in prices '' . . ? 
  sounds like he 's advertising being an idiot . 
  this one  6 ) high taxes give more me more choices and freedoms beyond the lack of proper editing , it sounds like orwellian propaganda . 
  just a weird article . 
   most americans i meet in paris are nice but somewhat misguided people , they 're stereotypical liberals that will tell you how much they 're ashamed of their country . 
  i live in a tourist-y city here , and i secretly hate a large amount of canadian tourists precisely because so many go out of the way to tell you they are n't american as if we have some secret pre-agreement that it would be inherently negative . 
  out of tourist groups in portugal i 'd prob rate americans in the top 5 and well ahead of canadians to be honest . 
  us has the # 1 health care , if you can afford it . 
  it 's a small but relevant distinction . 
  you realize uruguay borders brazil right ? 
  i feel like everyone itt really thinks americans are dying to jump through hoops to visit europe . 
  i am very confident if this happened it would absolutely fuck over the azores and probably mainland portugal too . 
  tons of americans visit azores every year cause so many have family on both sides of the ocean . 
  i bet if it requires a visa a lot of lazy people will just have their family in portugal visit the us instead . 
  i 'm pretty confident i 've read other studies that put it higher , but maybe it varies quite a bit by country . 
  dude i upvoted this cause i guess it contributes , but how can you really justify a person being forced to economically provide for a child that is n't biologically theirs and likely born out of deceit . 
  would you take race and intelligence statistics/research from an avowed white nationalist at face value ? 
  just curious . 
  from what i gather in extensive reading about the syrian war , yezidis seem to be model citizens in most places , if a bit reclusive ( dunno a better word , but they tend to forbid marrying outside of their ethnic group more than most ) . 
  it 's just that most schools of islam consider them polytheists , so yeah . 
  yeah i guess if you 're completely ignorant to the history of islam and the middle east and have an insulting us-centric worldview that would make a lot of sense . 
  large groups in favor of establishing a caliphate and sharia law did n't exist until the u.s. let them exist , sounds super legit . 
  i think i 'll have to respectfully disagree . 
  it 's definitely not rare to hear some apologist say something like ` well terrorism is obv bad but if us wasnt in middle east there would be no isis , just sayin ! ', 
  hard to say really . 
  / r/undelete had a field day with this sub . 
  people were getting banned for saying things that were quite mildly controversial such as agreeing with switz that building new mosques would be unneccesary or pointing out that specifically the sunni branch of islam was responsible for most sharia movement in eu , i would call it hypersensitivity , but i 'm sure some will disagree . 
   these young terrorists have no need to amass the talents of others , to be erudite , dignified or hard-working . 
  their role is simply to provide the end of a philosophical line already begun . 
  a line which tells us `` hold your tongues , living or dead . 
  give up discussing , debating , contradicting or contesting '' . 
  this part sums up a lot about how i feel regarding islam 's influence on europe . 
  you can see it in the slow change in moderation of this sub over the last year or so , even outside of ` real life ' . 
  there 's something within european culture that seeks to be accommodating and not intrude upon other peoples ' way of living , even to a fault . 
  the ` chilling effect ' with discussions to islam in particular , and other cultures in general , is a negative in my opinion and quite un-european . 
  i know that this is quite the popular opinion now in this sub and perhaps europe in general , but it certainly was n't only a year or two ago . 
  a curious development in a vaccum , for sure . 
  french guiana , martinique , and other islands are for all intents and purposes considered a direct part of france . 
  they have french passports , use the euro ( in most cases anyways ) , etc. 
  south americans who require a visa to visit eu also need one to visit french guiana for example , despite the rest of sa having a ` schengen ' type agreement . 
  i 'm not an expert , probably you 're better hearing from a frenchy about it . 
  [ here the wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overseas_region ), 
  for whatever the reason a lot of their territories shunned independence . 
  i think france was more opening to making their colonies officially 100 % part of france , where other colonizers were not . 
  the bbc has been atrocious in syrian reporting . 
  they have a ridiculous anti-assad bend that goes beyond anything that could be considered objective reporting . 
  there was a minor shitstorm on arabic speaking twitter when the bbc [ published this article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35906568 ) . 
   but residents and observers cast doubts on why mr assad 's forces pulled out from palmyra in the first place , allowing islamic state militants to get in to the city . 
  in may 2015 , hundreds of is fighters drove hundreds of kilometres across the desert to reach palmyra , almost uninterrupted , while government forces were dropping barrel bombs over opposition areas full of civilians . 
  this part in particular . 
  they edited the article but it originally said isis drove ` thousands of kilometers ' ( lol ) uninhibited . 
  implying that assad 's forces ` fled ' is incredibly disrespectful , they were overrun by a large isis force and something like 80 % of them were killed before calling a retreat . 
  literally nobody with any idea about the fall of palmyra was asking ` why assad forces left ' . 
  these unnamed ` residents and observers ' do n't exist . 
  adding in a comment about barrel bombing civilians at the end of that paragraph is just some pretty obvious bias that even if true has little to do with the story . 
  truly shameful reporting . 
  lol mate this reply is so german . 
  people get what the statement means in it 's dual-context , you do n't need to reverse engineer it . 
  yeah this video is really good . 
  `` we 're proud of not being proud '' made me really laugh . 
  it 's a stereotype of germans i was never properly able to put into words . 
  i do n't think this sub really got ` overrun ' by either crowd . 
  it just used to be poorly moderated and after a small dramabomb shitstorm about it moderation is a lot more hands off , which obviously results in the more ` controversial ' comments to be more visible .
