  latin being the language of the catholic church or greek being the language of orthodoxy is n't really the same as the islamic view on arabic . 
  what you 're saying is kind of a non-point . 
  there 's a difference between having optional latin masses and ` the call to prayer must be in arabic because it is god 's chosen language ' . 
  there 's very reasonable arguments for banning halal slaughter that has nothing to do with religion . 
  furthermore , it 's debatable how much one ` chooses ' to wear anything , esp . 
  in a religious society . 
  amish people in us or old believers in russia also ` choose ' to dress a certain way , but of course making a different choice would also result in ostracization or other conflict in their immediate social group . 
  soft coercion is n't inherently wrong but it 's not like they choose to do it in the same way you choose what pyjamas to wear . 
  how many hijabis keep it on when they 're alone in their living room for the night ? 
  i 've always found it a bit odd how muslims can believe out of the thousands of languages on earth , he randomly chose one spoken in a relatively small area that did n't even exist less than 1000 years before it to be the ` chosen ' one . 
   the right is hardly better , though . 
  they either drift on the dysfunctional mutated body of free-market capitalism or descend into all kinds of traditionalist bigotry . 
  isnt fn in france quite left-leaning , economically speaking ? 
  i think in europe the far-right groups are actually pretty diverse in economic opinions but i 'm not 100 % sure on that i do n't really follow them much . 
  are you american ? 
  being a european who you know , actually lived in america it 's really frustrating when europeans who read sites like reddit just believe this shit . 
  cops in madrid are significantly more intimidating and unapproachable than ones in boston , nyc , or philly in my personal experience . 
  people forget that us has 300 million people and there will be a larger volume of psycho cop stories i think . 
  he was super friendly with iran and russia , and potentially could host russian military bases in the region . 
  from the realpolitik perspective that is basically all i could ever come up with , and i 've followed me politics since long before arab spring . 
  suppose not , but you did n't have to dig far to see that most of the ` moderate ' groups were sunni arab nationalists at best , full blown islamists at worst . 
  if you had doubts about that at the very beginning , the fsa began cooperating openly in the field with jan in 2014 . 
  you 're right it would be bad pr , but it 's mildly troubling that the ` west ' was willing to back avowed racists and islamists at all . 
  you seem to be confusing the difference between volume and proportion when determining ` likelihood ' . 
  not sure if you 're being funny but not every euro country has an ample supply of foreigners ... 
  perhaps you 're joking but i really suspect if these trends continue the already low amount of jews in europe will approach 0 . 
  just like in yemen , iraq etc. 
  dunno if you were intentionally alluding to it in your post , but shia muslims ( most of iran/azeri ) are a lot less into terrorism - at least with regards to ` western ' targets . 
  they also ( mostly ) do n't consider suicide bombings as permissible compared to sunni groups . 
  was she speaking english and they were dubbing it over with english ? 
  hard info on white guilt ? 
  not sure it 's some rigorously academic study . 
  you can prob start at the english wiki article and follow some sources . 
  yeah , same with the yazidis and those fucking obnoxious assyrians . 
  seriously when will other people just learn their place and bow before the will of the sunni arab unbermensch . 
  those coptic infiltrators in egypt speaking their disgusting pagan language need to stop being racist against muslims as well . 
  i lost hope in general anglo discourse on the issue of terrorism after rigby was beheaded in broad daylight and the general internet comment section was filled with stuff about how the ` real victims ' are poor hard working muslims . 
  no , the real victim is the british military and the family of mr. rigby . 
  if some jihadi beheaded a portuguese sailor , in portugal , in broad daylight on a city street , people would lose their fucking minds here . 
  on some level people are clearly filled with white guilt and self hate in parts of europe to the point where it is obviously dangerous . 
  i mean did brits already forget about rigby ? 
  i even remember his name . 
  the fuckin killer was basically being impromptu interviewed by some woman in the street after she watched him behead a uniformed soldier ? 
  i still ca n't believe it . 
  i suspect there is a correlation with gun ownership and murder rate . 
  is it really that ridiculous ? 
  i fear this will be the end game of the eu 100 + years down the road . 
  a few countries will be ` super economies ' that drain everyone else away from smaller countries . 
  maybe i 'm a pessimist , idk . 
  even in a relatively safe and ok economy in portugal it 's becoming pretty normal for 20-30 demographic to just leave with no sign of coming back . 
  dunno , every time i see talk about poles everyone pretends like they are rampant gay beating neo-nazis or something . 
  as the guy pointed out , they decriminalized homosexuality before much of western europe . 
  this sub is ridiculous with trashing on poles . 
  even as a neutral observor it 's obnoxious at times . 
  croatia must be one of the most beautiful places on earth , or at least photogenic . 
  literally every photo i see from there looks like something i 'd like to visit . 
  i have many ties to new hampshire and i think this stat reflect even more poorly on sweden . 
  nh is infested with heroin trafficking and has somewhere around a 30 % gun ownership rate . 
  being on par with murders in sweden makes me think sweden maybe does have a growing crime problem . 
  dunno how i feel about it personally . 
  i notice france and also quebec do a lot to try and ` protect ' the french language , which i suppose is admirable . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not sure it 's possible to fight the likely inevitability of a ` world language ' being the future 2-300 years down the road . 
  with the internet era and stuff it 's just too convenient to have only a small number or even 1 language spoken globally . 
  if it 's any consolation canadians are a strong 2nd or 3rd place for worst here in my opinion , behind brits and maybe catalans . 
  for north americans though , canadians are the worst and it 's not even close . 
  yes i know , i was referring specifically to english cause i never heard it used at all ( in english ) and was curious . 
  yeah it makes me feel a bit uncivilized and i 'm sure it 's just an emotional reaction but if you kill 70 + kids you need to be put down . 
  forgive this maybe stupid question but is ` analphabet ' an english term ? 
  is it different from illiterate ? 
  never heard this one . 
   the question is why is this a good thing for people that disagree with them ? 
  well for me , i 'm not the type of person who is 100 % confident in all my opinions political or otherwise . 
  also , i 'm self-aware enough to know that i 've changed my opinions on various subjects numerous times . 
  as such , although i may not like it if 80 % of voters like something different than me , i can at least consider the fact that it 's possible i am incorrect if so many people disagree . 
  lastly , let 's say i had full dictator power . 
  i 'm not sure it would be ideal to push an idea i know is best if it will make 80 % of people unhappy . 
  there 's some benefit to keeping the public content that may outweigh a specific policies pros/cons . 
   they transformed millions of young italians , germans and poles into americans pretty well . 
  most of these people wanted to be americans . 
  most migrants in europe do not want to be ` austrian ' or ` swedish ' at all . 
  the very idea is absurd to many of them . 
  russia 's air campaign was pretty impressive . 
  i suspect if they 're leaving they have a very high confidence level in assad maintaining the regained territories . 
   when people are getting the same education as always , with the only difference being that now that has been expanded to a new more unfortunate group too , then things are working pretty well . 
  i doubt even the most anti-immigration types here are against immigrant children getting proper education opportunities . 
  i would question if the quality of education does n't naturally decline if your student pool contains a greater volume of ` unfortunate group ' . 
  usually it 's not the kids who do good in school who misbehave and cause disruption to others . 
  when i was in new england there were `` rotarys '' everywhere , and nobody seemed confused about how to use them . 
  for people who maybe traveled a lot or like this sort of thing , [ geoguessr ] ( https://geoguessr.com/ ) is a really cool browser game . 
  puts you in a random place on google street view , and you have to guess where it is on a map . 
  each ` game ' has 5 places , the closer you are on your 5 guesses the higher your score . 
  some people apply their own rules to the game ( e , g , how much you can move around , if you can zoom in on signs or not etc , if you can use wiki/google to translate signs etc ) i 'm pretty ` good ' at it , but i get tripped up sometimes . 
  desert areas in the u.s. and mexico look surprisingly similar to australian outback , and once i was plopped on some street in india that was apparently designed to look like some greek city including signs and i failed pretty hard at that one . 
  what kind of church is that ` swimming pool ' one ? 
  here ( i think ) there is regulations for what catholic churches can look like , and i 'm lead to believe croatia is 95 % + catholic . 
  i 'm surprised canada and us have such incredibly high child-care costs . 
  wonder how they arrive at the # 's , presumably they must include something like health care or private education ? 
  edit : just looked again and new zealand is even higher than na , and uk/ireland both are similar to na levels . 
  all of them are 2-3x higher than what appears to be the eu average . 
  any ideas ?
