  russia does n't have the means and much less the will to invade europe m8 , and trump will 100 % stop it . 
  you 're paranoid . 
  petty is the young turks right now . 
  praise saudi ban sexists in kentucky !!, 
  we 're not a monolith bro me and many of my colleagues are ecstatic for less provocation in middle east , and likewise many of my dear friends think its the end of the world all to say , we 're split just like everyone else . 
  i think all people feel 1 % happy that u.s. media was fucking dead wrong , but it may be a portuguese thing only , here we have a bit of animosity about how much anglo ( particularly us ) culture/media penetrates us so them being ` wrong ' is good , if that makes sense . 
  lol no mate im already half in the bag please join me call it european unity, 
  ouzo and moussaka for all, 
  already 25 % done my french friend !, 
  i will save more for you !!!, 
  i bought 2 bottles in case i dont die from first, 
  its happening, 
  sopranos or the wire is pretty relevant ( sry sicilianos and gregos ), 
  lets hope one of us is wrong m8 , gl to you, 
  because i went to uni in usa and my first roommate there who was a better man than me in every way died in iraq as a marine reserve for fucking nothing . 
  as a ( proud ) nato country i find it shameful when hillary talks about no-fly-zone in syria to support qatar and saudi . 
  beyond that , i will enjoy the drama fallout . 
  lol i own a landscaping/groundwork company , so we usually go in at very early morning, 
  this is fucking insane . 
  i just called my crew to cancel work opening whiskey now, 
  ash some of us are still embarassed by eu arrogance , gl to you and your great nation, 
  we better start praising kek asap or he will reign chaos on us all, 
  lol fucking super yes buddy, 
  i have a lot of friends from nh from my uni days , and its just an anecdote but they been calling bs on the polls since 8 months ago . 
  apparently even liberal nh people super hate hillary for something from the 90s that i dont understand, 
  if he wins ohio its actually competitive , holy shit . 
  edit : nc will be huge too ... 
  the chances of those last 3 counties going blue are < 2 % easily . 
  he should get florida locked . 
  he just won its almost 95 % , the last 3 counties are very redneck . 
  im not an expert but i 'm pretty sure florida is still a very big coinflip . 
  it was +100 k trump just 15 minutes ago and now +100 k hillary , with lots of counties still uncounted . 
  edit : and the panhandle is the part left , which from what i understand is very + trump, 
  respectfully disagree kind sir, 
  i think it depends on how close some states are . 
  i remember when i was a kid and bush vs. gore in 2000 they took an extra 4 + hours recounting or maybe longer so some time between 5am-10am as a conservative estimate . 
  it 's a weird u.s. left propaganda that trump is somehow a ` puppet ' . 
  it 's a lot more likely he has had advisors and weighed putin 's ` red lines ' in ukraine and finland and looked at u.s. geopolitical situation regarding iranian containment ( they already got turkey , irak , pakistan , and ksa surrounding iran ) and decided it 's better not to push it more . 
  it 's possible to be somewhere in between super bro-friends with putin and outright hostile , but i think u.s. left is trying to paint it as very binary . 
  lisboa : rich people , a little uptight , often overdressed ( men wear pants on 100 % of occasions ) . 
  note : this stereotype is from perspective of a southerner , i 'm not really sure if islanders and northerners feel the same . 
  with the clinton in particular it 's kind of stronger than other couples . 
  hillary had to move to new york just to get elected senator , because her own state did n't even like her . 
  they are not counting from after us civil war ? 
  surely they are n't considering the union winning a civil war to be an example of ` uninterrupted peaceful transfers ' ? 
  we will make new celtic army , with portuguese honorary naval leaders . 
  galician , irish and scots can be infantry , bretons can be chefs and artillery . 
  make ancient celtica great again . 
  actually if the u.s. and qatar was n't using the fsa as a front to arm nusra this would probably have all been over 3 + years ago . 
  you 're kind of victim blaming , but that 's typical of american neo-cons . 
  america # 1 at exporting culture , good and bad !!!, 
  best writing script cb, 
  if trump wins india ( well , hindus ) will throw a collective party . 
  not sure where you 're getting your ideas but they do n't really reflect reality . 
  you sound like a melodramatic 17 year old mate . 
  i read into it a lot and i think it 's happening . 
  i also think there is a  1 % chance trump is assassinated before he takes office if it does . 
  if she went to iran she 'd probably start planning a local terrorist attack immediately . 
  people like her hate persians more than they hate europeans , believe it or not . 
  dude you claim to be working for the un for 15 years and that russia is intentionally killing civilians to provoke war with the ` west ' . 
  its one of those things most rational people react with an lol to on the internet . 
  you 're a navy seal copypasta in the making, 
  lol so you 're a literal political shill , good to know . 
  its crazy to me . 
  when i studied in us greeks were like 5 % of northeast population or at least notably present . 
  and i dont mean 3o generation greeks , i mean fresh off the boat from thessaloniki or wherever wearing panathanaikos shirts and making nice baklavas and moussaka . 
  greek population in us northeast appeared huge . 
  is it true romanians learn spanish 80 % beacuse of telenovelas from mexico ? 
  sorry if that is retarded question , my only romanian friend told me this was a fact , and i have met a few romanians here who spoke surprisingly ok spanish . 
  fluently 3 , my french is passable but i do n't have the effort to really perfect accent . 
  tbh learning romance languages feels like cheating for me , its almost 80 % same vocabulary and system so there is very little real ` learning ' involved . 
  i would n't speak english if it was n't for the internet being 80 % english and portuguese internet being 80 % brazil , that i am sure . 
  is obama even received well in greece ? 
  my impression from greeks who are n't theo is that they feel a bit fucked over by us and eu as well . 
  human shields are n't new to syria , and if you want to call out ` murdering civilians ' you 're gon na have to condemn 50 % of the eu and all of na . 
  if you actually think russia is going out of its way to bomb its allies civilians because ... reasons ... then you 're a tin foil hatter who should probably do some more reading on the conflict . 
  [ there would n't be civilians in aleppo ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/thousands-of-civilian-families-forced-by-militias-to-remain-in-eastern-aleppo-a7389346.html ) if us/qatari backed terrorists would let them leave . 
  i 'm fairly anti-federalist , but if we start using this anthem i will be swayed by the power of epic latin . 
  we 're probably all biased in some way as europeans ( maybe especially people from ` catholic ' areas ? ), 
  but latin really is a great musical language like greek , english and french . 
  edit : also if we adopted some latin lyrics i think some scandis would make an epic metal remix which would be quite nice . 
  i 'm clearly negatively biased due to my experience ( limited mostly to tourists in portugal admittedly ) , but in my experience with anglo-canadians they simply do n't want to learn french ... mostly because it appears perfectly socially acceptable in their society to mock quebecois people and their culture . 
  lol take it from someone who 's actually lived in a country with a dictator , he 's too old . 
  got ta start at around age 45-50 to really get the dictator ball rolling . 
  indeed , we all know we ca n't fully trust the danes ... 
  mmm ... 
  i do n't want to get into a big internet debate about this but i think you are misjudging the political stance of the average syrian refugee and where they come from . 
  many if not most are relatively pro-assad but are fleeing from areas conquered by jan/fsa/isis and could not afford to live in damascus . 
  furthermore , i agree that 2011 assad would crush opposition but it 's more than clear to him that this is n't possible when he regains control and on top of that there 's no way russia would permit it . 
  i 'm not nostradamus but the most likely outcome of the conflict is assad regaining control and granting large amounts of autonomy to kurds and potentially assyrians as well . 
  [ it 's a long interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5rubyskqta ) but from what this guy and other sources say rebel coalition morale is at an all-time low , and without u.s. / qatari funding the opposition wo n't hold out much longer . 
  some day europe will apply the same stereotypes they are happy to apply to fellow europeans to other cultures as well , both negative and positive . 
  nobody calls it racism that italy is more corrupt than denmark , nobody calls it the result of oppression when greek is in debt . 
  this really just reads as the impact of anglo media more than anything else . 
  regardless of your personal feelings the anglo media is almost uniformly against trump and frankly i do n't think most europeans really dig into u.s. politics despite often having strong opinions about it . 
  that 's why the entire ` we need to repopulate ' excuse from politicians is pure bullshit . 
  if you made it easy for na/sa people to immigrate i guarantee loads would move to europe . 
  they do n't really want more immigrants for repopulation , if they did they would be advertising in brasil , mexico , even usa yesterday and already many would move . 
  hell , i bet many working class americans would consider moving just for health care no joke . 
  had to look up ` quisling ' in a dictionary .
