  at any rate , all eu needs to do to become less fat is eat 90 % less bread and fried shit , but i do n't see that happening without government intervention unfortunately . 
  i think we have become so much fatter since 70 's era that our perception of what is ` obese ' is off . 
  nowadays when i hear obese i think 150kg , but really i think obese technically is only 10kg overweight or so . 
   the untaxed basic exemption what does this mean / what is this ? 
  if you want warm and beach i recommend algarve or andalusia . 
  if you want to walk around a cold place with nice holiday feel i recommend prague . 
  i 'm sure you 've already done it but if not release bulgari from otto and play a bulgaria game . 
  they actually have pretty good ni 's , was one of my favorite games . 
   compare that with today , no border controls , no own currency etc. . and there we go again , probably less independent today than in 1640 . 
  it 's sad but true and in a small way bothers me sometimes , i 'm probably too nationalistic though i guess . 
  ham addicts come from their desert to beg us stay , but our power too strong caralho . 
  good painting !, 
  i only know pula mea because i breifly dated a nice romanian girl who taught me this . 
  but then she would scold me for saying it and say it is very rude :( . 
  to be fair , i still think it is very funny and i used to say ` ce pula mea faci ' every time she annoyed me , maybe i 'm a prick . 
  happy birthday superior romance balkan friends !, 
  i 'm jealous !, 
  my favorite city to visit in europe . 
  even the ` tourist trap ' areas are quite enjoyable . 
  set aside a day to just walk around the charles bridge area and do some unguided exploring imo . 
  also , get a beef svickova meal at least one time !, 
  lol some guy on cnn called 53 % of whites voting for a white male instead of a white woman a ` white-lash ' do n't think anybody really criticized 97 % of blacks in the us for voting for obama though they 're not just blaming ` racists ' , they 're explicitly and specifically blaming white people . 
  by ` they ' i mean major us media and in turn much eu media . 
  i know a lot of people will want to explain away the context and stuff , but i find it hard to deny there is n't a rising ` anti-white ' sentiment being propagated in uni 's and media and i suspect it has a larger impact than people realize . 
  brexit and trump get called ` protest votes ' a lot , but if it 's true i think they are protesting the media just as much if not more than the governments/eu . 
  need to find a way to convince my girl that a holiday to romania is a good idea ... 
  georgia , the europe of the east . 
  if we could unlock the mystery of their alphabet perhaps we could do a cultural exchange and learn from them . 
  is japan failing ? 
  anyone boycotting playstation where you live ? 
  they certainly do n't ` accept our people ' , so why are we doing business with them ? 
  that sub is having a god damn renaissance with this us election lol, 
  really curious why you guys think this if you do n't mind sharing your personal opinions . 
  if not np . 
  tons of eu people these days think that it 's somehow impossible to move without the schengen free movement system . 
  when i explain to them that for me to work in us for 5 years was not that bad , and that us is harder than many other countries like canada , people just turn off their brain . 
  they think if eu broke up we would all build trump walls in each country and never travel again or something . 
  i 've not met many bulgarians , but every one i met has been a class act . 
  i 'm a big fan boy of bulgaria . 
  they also have some of the best eu folk music , and even their bad parts is cool , like how half of their mafia were also olympic level greco-roman wrestlers !, 
  interesting perspective . 
  i think you 're probably wrong here . 
  they need to push right to pull in voters who are less comfortable being labeled racist than le pen 's core base from my perspective . 
  they also need to hope they do n't get more terrorist attacks if they 're gon na stick to their more left leaning immigration/cultural positions ... 
  it 's actually fascinating . 
  ukraine politicians said some pretty ridiculous things about him publicly ... bet they 're shitting bricks right now . 
  and of course [ this saudi genius ] ( http://media.fotki.com/1_p,rrbbwsssbffttbfxfbtrqdwdrtds,vi/skbfsrbqfxgfkbsrqfkxwwwkgtrrd/5/1222605/13808380/12111857_trump_vs_prince_talal-vi.jpg ), 
  stupid question , but what is ` cultural nationalism ' . 
  pm fine if you do n't wan na talk about it in public . 
  there 's one in a public park near where i live . 
  from what i 've been told and experienced in madrid , they 're even more prevalent in spain which makes the data seem suspect to me . 
  maybe the stupid spaniards thought they meant romans . 
  i 'm not sure people always tell the truth in these polls ( as in i think percentages of people truly uncomfortable are probably higher ) . 
  also , i think it 's one of those things a lot of people simply wo n't admit , but i suspect a lot of people would prefer their grandchildren to look similar to them and it is as simple as that . 
  if you have half black grandkids they 're not going to resemble you much if you 're european . 
  er , the background of americans is pretty well understood , including natives . 
  this particular info is mostly interesting because of the indo-european language stuff referenced near the end . 
  there 's still a lot of dispute and mystery as to where indo-european languages originated and how they came to spread across such a large area . 
  minoans and myceans having dna markers from the caucuses combined with linear b ( writings found from the mycean civilization that are an indo-european language ) is evidence that ie languages had spread to the greek islands by the bronze age , which may help build more accurate hypothesis about why it spread . 
  i live in one of the most tourist-y parts of portugal , and frankly americans are some of the best tourists . 
  i 'm pretty skeptical of a lot of these claims , i think it 's just because its cool to bash america . 
  that said , maybe in places like germany where there is lots of american military it 's not the same as people who afford and choose to go to portugal/spain . 
  really though , if i had to rate countries by their tourists i 'd probably put czechs , americans and swiss in the top 3 , but not sure in what order . 
  something about [ this one ] ( https://i.imgur.com/6c3kpiul.jpg ) with the dolls and the womens ' expressions is just * so russian * . 
  self segregation is n't a different issue if your government starts force integrating schools and neighborhoods like they do in some places in the world . 
  are you upset you ca n't live there ? 
  do you feel this way about switzerland and norway ? 
  what 's with the ridiculous mellowdrama . 
  i was going to say that in the game eu4 if you conquer it with ottomans it is renamed be\u00e7 , but i did n't want to nerd out too far . 
  glad they did n't make an error there . 
   but that 's what it says in the bible . 
  if you want to be christian you have to adhere to the bible , right ? 
  this is probably a too controversial and complex topic for this sub , but this is a very `` protestant '' view of christianity . 
  catholics and orthodox especially are meant to believe more that the bible is man made , and historical precedent/examples are often more important than what is exactly written . 
  as an example , there 's nothing in the bible prohibiting modern music from being played in a church ( and so you see it often in protestant churches ) . 
  in fact , a church service is only very lightly defined in the bible . 
  however , catholics and protestants run their church services in the way they think was most similar to the way the original apostles planned on it . 
  thus the `` apostolic '' adjective you often see those groups use to describe themselves . 
  this is why in catholic/orthodox church services you will mostly see only a choir and ( maybe ) an organ even though there is no specific rule stating it should be this way - they do it because based on their interpretation of texts and traditions this is the way the apostles did it . 
  some of us care , but it 's shamefully few . 
  so you 're denying that 1 ) the majority of ( legal ) venezuelans who have fled to us are white 2 ) whites in vzla are way over-represented in right wing political beliefs which of these specifically are you denying . 
  why are you ignoring the data in op that says 15-20 % of venezuelans choose neighbors based on race btw ? 
  uncomfortable for you ? 
  venezuela is racially segregated , and the vast majority of people who fled to miami and new york are right-leaning whites who fled because they wanted to live in a place with neighbors more like them . 
  that 's sort of what the entire op of this thread is about . 
  are you really this dense btw ? 
  you realize the op rightfully points out that venezuelans are as racist as russians right ? 
  why deny the obvious , i really am curious about people like this who deny facts that are plainly observable . 
  that 's the best you could come up with ? 
  yeah it 's so terrible , ca n't even by a new mercedes in my tight knit community with a non existent murder rate . 
  maybe i should import some south asian labor and pay them pennies on the dollar so i can be a rich tough guy baller !, 
  you might have no class , think being `` hard '' in venezuela is a virtue , and exploit a misogynistic xenophobic gulf monarchy for personal gain , but at least you 're rich !, 
  sick brag dude . 
  tell your abuela about it ( in english ) , i 'll translate for you if you need help getting in touch with your venezuelan `` roots '' . 
  as long as they paid the jizya in humiliation of course . 
  it 's still bullshit . 
  source : i 've been to brasil . 
  people self-segregate whether they admit it or not . 
  you can visit brasil , us , or any other multicultural country and immediately see this for yourself . 
  the most multicultural places have young or very rich people ( who send their kids to mono-cultural private schools ) .
