model photoshoot, 
  i am distraught over zizek 's stance . 
  islam is an ideology based on fiction , promoting hatred and biggotry like every religion ; a person supporting marxism and islam is an oxymoron , and most probably based on political correctness or ethics rather than arguments . 
   by definition , for an argument to be valid , its both premises and conclusion must be true . 
  if a premise of an article is false , then the argument being made in that article is invalid . 
  no , for an argument to be valid , only the logical form must be correct . 
  if both the argument is valid and the premises are true then the conclusion is true . 
  this is a basic misunderstanding of logic not a semantic one . 
   personally i should feel bad ? 
  ouch ? 
  popular culture reference , goosh !, 
  napoleon dynamite , and `` you should feel bad '' quotes a futurama line gone viral, 
  a riot stems from the culmination of grievances suffered from authority ( living conditions , economic reasons , oppression etc ) or from actions deemed against a belief ( pogroms against religions , ethnic groups etc , or hooliganism ) . 
  ( a ) arguments focusing on the reasons of a riot rarely have true premises , because the person needs to have a thorough understanding of the socioeconomic background at the time , not a simple endeavor , and deduct the part/parts that led to the act . 
  thus it is simpler to deviate towards appeal to emotion ( the act of riot itself being chaotic and emotionally driven ) . 
  ( b ) arguments focusing on the act of a riot are generally centered around an abhorrence against violence . 
  if the person is arguing against all violence , the defender of a riot need only point to the innate violence of authority , war , or nature . 
  violence in nature is not axiomatically `` good '' or `` bad '' , just a means to an end , to gain social power , resources , or procreate . 
  if an argument is made against violence only when instigated from a set of reasons , we are back to ( a ), 
  this is not a counterargument , you are not attacking any of my premises or logical form , so i will go on and suppose you replied to me by mistake instead of making a new post . 
  also the not equal symbol you copied from a programming language is reversed , i will go on and add it to your mistakes instead of reading your post as palestinians and islam are mutually exclusive . 
  edit : chain downvoting instead of arguing your position legitimately further attests to mental ellipsis on your part . 
  the appearance of hair on the body is traditionally hailed as a sign of adulthood and masculinity , thus it is appropriate and even a sexually advantageous action for women to shave but not for men . 
  it is taboo in the western hemisphere , drawing parallels with homophobia . 
  it is seen as effeminate , but only the act or finding evidence of shaving , because the norm for more than a decade is the aesthetic male body sporting minimal hair . 
  this leads to frustrated hairy males , as they are unable to attain sexual gratification or status because social conditioning has given negative value on one of their characteristics . 
  i can not answer arguments not made . 
  your just made a rebuttal , ad hominem , and very sloppy at that . 
  you probably have n't read the article thoroughly and by virtue of attacking my person you are now considered by me unworthy of serious debate . 
  posting times zizek commented on islam in the article :, 
  anders ' ideology : islamophobia , anders was pro serb on ethnic muslim albanian cleansing and pro hindu against pakistani muslims, 
  pim fortuyn : a gay populist politician , with views against immigration but who wanted to assimilate muslims already living there into society . 
  most of them moroccans, 
  finally zizek also writes on israel , but viewing the conflict as a cultural one . 
  the arabic culture is the one palestinians view as the ethnically uniting one , and arabic culture is heavily influenced by millenia of islam, 
  things to notice : zizek talks about people opposing islamic nationalities in general , basing it on the differences of their islamic culture . 
  kindly respect the time i took to dissect the article for your viewing pleasure and do n't downvote or answer unless you have a legitimate argument for once . 
  up until now you attacked me on the premises that i wrote something against palestinians in general . 
  after i tried to help you understand the article , you keep on missing the point zizek ( and by comment on it , i ) made . 
  islam is not a concept only brought up in mosques . 
  it soaks into many aspects of an arab 's life , either he is an islamist ( the great majority ) or not . 
  go troll someone else . 
   drinking draught from plastic bottle, 
   a soap of ice and fire, 
  do_not_want . jaypeg, 
  how did a 2 week cat numb your lap ? 
  organisms ( humans included ) primal drive is to propagate their genes as efficiently as possible, 
  to propagate their genes efficiently , many of these organisms ( humans included ) evolved at least one mechanism that i am aware of favoring sex and relations , wealth accumulation and social power , namely serotonin . 
  the above mechanism affirms actions positive to our self-interest , manifesting in our consciousness as `` a feeling of happiness '' . 
  social conditioning takes part in adding/changing/suppressing part of the aforementioned for a person , ( even making it commit suicide or perceive itself as altruistic ) . 
  thus we perceive our primal drive for life as happiness and therefore it is logical to pursue a life of happiness . 
  japanese porn usually exhibits sadistic undertones , it seems to be a way for japanese males to relieve the stressful work and very conservative culture . 
  the act of penetration itself is not what matters , but the porn star should act submissive and/or in pain . 
  i was contemplating on why japanese porn is still in demand , even if the `` working bits '' as you say are blurred , because of the aforementioned conservative culture . 
  the sarcastic blurring of the pic was addressed by various posters before me . 
  sadism seems to be perforating japanese male sexuality because of oppressive working/social relations . 
  they demand moderate sadism in pornography , and it is supplied by porn actress performances . 
  i have no direct experience on the matter . 
  it is merely a logical conclusion from observations on japanese pornography and culture . 
  this is one way to relieve the social pressure . 
  yes . 
  they are robbed of freedom , of power over their lives , so they try to control another person , through sadism , as a manifestation of their desire to empower themselves . 
  we find a road to happiness from a combination of varying degrees of knowledge , social conditioning and natural instincts . 
  this road is infinite and it is paved with hormonal secretions we perceive as happiness . 
  most people seek positive emotions , and thus it is logical for them to walk down their road . 
  this is by no means an analysis , just titbits i contemplate by reading sociobiology and cognitive neuroscience, 
  now understand that the affirmation given is masked lust , and you have a complete mental grasp of the dynamics of most camwhoring threads . 
  a narcissism and lust cycle . 
  but by no means this is unnatural , i too experience lust looking at naked women and crave for more , even if i had sex an hour ago . 
  i applaud your mental juggling , a single upvote for ye . 
   op believes porn stars are not acting . 
  this discussion 's timeline :, 
   typical utilitarian viewpoint, 
   cookie-cutter lack of collective utility criticism, 
   downvoting frenzy from both parties, 
  the supply of diamonds far outweights the demand . 
  there is no free market regulating the diamond price since a diamond cartel exists , fixing them artificially high . 
  try to sell back a diamond ring to the jeweler you bought it from . 
  contrary to you , he knows it is worthless and will deny any `` reasonable '' price . 
  not so for gold oil or dollars . 
   across the tubes , a redditor 's screen has been sprayed with coffee . 
  medieval settings are unfavorable for females . 
  no news here . 
  [ how would reddit make the same comic ] ( http://imgur.com/ixvsi ), 
  i find first and put into personal use the only water source in the general vicinity . 
  your move . 
  according to the `` laws '' above , you ca n't . 
  sorry , die of thirst pleb, 
  [ 3 clicks from google later . . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cellulite#treatment ), 
  your derp is out of context . 
  read the thread you are posting in, 
  trade a resource that is in great supply and great demand at exorbitant prices ? 
  yes please . 
  no laws regulating the free market = = your `` civilization '' crumbles . 
  the point i was making is :, 
  op is essentially supporting a worldview that two certain laws are enough for civilization to flourish . 
  i rebutted that by acquiring a scarce commodity that is in need for human survival , an act not only permitted but also protected by his laws , one could amass power crippling to societal well being . 
  i am arguing against his conclusion . 
  you on the other hand are arguing against his premises . 
  and even if the letter of the law did n't count for the downtrodden , a hypothetical person of such power could easily transform some of his capital to armies or walls for protection against thirsty hordes .
