  elaborate ? 
  great delivery . 
  would hire this guy by this presentation alone . 
  til everyone talks about white privilege while the elephant in the room has always been rich privilege . 
  did rich african merchants/kings ever got to america in a slave ship ? 
  it is very inconsiderate to say `` check your privilege '' to a lower class guy of white skin color in my opinion . 
  if you do n't get it probably you never worked your ass off to make ends meet , whatever the color of your skin . 
  so do n't blame skin color , today it 's mostly inheritance laws that are perpetuating inequality . 
  ( but then cognitive dissonance between economic freedom and equality begins , and so its easier to blame only racism for inequality ), 
  never said they are the same , i said today people misinterpret class privilege for racial privilege because of cognitive dissonance . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i 'm not american . 
  ( unless you mean different ethnic background , in which case it is either a strawman or misunderstanding of my position , i did n't get my point across it seems ), 
  when they fall from their riches , sure . 
  in favor of another high class person perhaps ? 
  also can you cite your references or is this just a hypothesis ? 
  the story of a king as a slave in a plantation would make for an interesting read . 
  prepare for trouble, 
  make it double, 
  to protect the world from annexations . 
  to unite all people within united nations . 
  to denounce the evils of racism & war . 
  to extend our reach to 3rd reich , y' all . 
  winston !, 
  franklin !, 
  team allies blast off at the speed of subsonic flight . 
  surrender now or prepare to fight . 
  ( stalin : that 's right ! ), 
   sega will purchase relic, 
  should i laugh , or cry , when homeworld , w40k and company of heroes will get the sonic treatment ? 
  ahh , trucrypt containers . . when you paranoid parrot enough , to think someone will access your locked computer with a usb os, 
  itt quantifying love through money, 
  the thread enthrones money as a de facto medium for showing affection . 
  op 's frustration at unfulfilled expectations may suggest she has mainly experienced sexual bonds as a costumer/seller relationship . 
  i would n't blame her though , but the culture of instant gratification and rampant consumerism , squashing imagination and living in the moment . 
  at least this is my full and honest opinion of what is going on here . 
  nothing against using money of course , i was focusing on the notion of a prefabricated gift as the apex of love . 
  visit / r/guineapigs for true pigs, 
  i thought it was pretty obvious the comment was sarcastic towards your erroneous usage of the signified of ` true ' , and equating the whole spectrum of anarchism to an orthogonal dogma . 
  also the obvious trolling attempt i have fallen prey to . 
  the anarchocapitalist would counter that the worker has freely signed a contract with the corporation , while the citizen did not with the state . 
  then the anarchist counters with the question of how do you define free will if you must sign the contract or in many occasions die of starvation . 
  then the anarchocapitalist offers that workers are rational agents that choose where to work . 
  then the anarchist argues this line of thought is erroneous , because it implies that corporations would not form cartels , that worker unions would not exist , that scarce resources would not be monopolized , that private army/police/justice / rating agencies would be neutral , that information is freely disseminated etc, 
   which any logical person will counter with the fact that the argument they apply exclusively to capitalism applies equally to any possible social arrangement . 
  the anarchist points out the tu quoque logical fallacy, 
   a corporation is nothing but a business with state granted privileges - either an anarcho-capitalist system exists , corporations exist , or neither does . 
  if there are corporations at all , then you are living in a statist system . 
  the anarchist stands corrected on his wording . 
  changes `` corporation '' to `` private enterprise '' and all his points still stand . 
   the idea of monopolization has been covered fairly extensively by economists , and its an entirely baseless speculation . 
  this should be the time when you supply the anarchist with references to peer reviewed papers on monopolization of scarce resources , in a non statist study environment . 
   that misses the point , really . 
  the starting point of my dialog between the anarchist and anarchocapitalist is that the later defies what he sees as coercion into servitude in a socialist system ( not anarchist per se , but the anarchist defends it ) . 
  if he concedes the argument , then it is of little use to continue further, 
   i ca n't , off hand provide a source of information on monopoly ,, 
  you really need references for your argument to stand its ground though , else you appeal to anonymous authority . 
  when you find time you can pm me , or reply , i 'm interested in the subject . 
  furthermore the anarchist has offered numerous other counterpoints to an anarchocapitalist society , that need to be defended . 
  the anarchist would respond to the edit as such :, 
  1 . depends on the type of anarchism . 
  generally , automization of production is pursued , the goal being a society with minimal physical labor , and equal distribution of products according to needs . 
  us is not an anarchocapitalist society by far , the state provides for the poor . 
  the party with the capital can easily coerce the party with no leverage but his labor . 
  this applies to any job . 
  particularly after considering the fact that justice and army agencies would be for hire , and no societal `` safety nets '' or worker unions would be in place . 
  damn , this comment was so obvious , albeit in hindsight . 
  shh , the americans are being brave in an american website, 
  4chan likes putin , reddit generally does not . 
  he 's largely irrelevant to me , i just enjoy observing the herd mentality in online forums . 
  inside the dots , denoting the capital cities, 
  the rendering took place in thailand ? 
  this place must be a security nighmare . . 
  alternative title : 4chan in 9 pictures, 
   it 's actually more effort to cut through the wheel than the lock or frame, 
  source ? 
  this locking technique looks nice , i 'd like to start using it , if it checks out . 
   communism partly inspires fascism, 
  ok . . what ? 
  fucking thank you . 
  the whole blaming nietzsche thing permeating through the whole spectrum of popular culture , brings a tear to my eye . 
  nietzsche should be all about changing your worldview from nihilism and religion , to self actualization . 
  his thoughts helped me immensely in becoming a better person . 
  they most certainly are not . 
  individual capital/enterprise/investing is orthogonal to communism . 
  - i 'm not saying of course that communism equals stalinism , aka the root of all evil ( stalinism was autocratic state socialism , but the signified of the word communism is so malformed in the us , so i digress ) . 
  to further drive my point home , a prequisite for communism is the dissolution of the state . 
  was mccarthy a fucking genius or what ? 
  he did n't even bother to ask the question , let alone do a google/reddit search . 
  he wrote 2 small words and clicked a button , and expects others to write well thought out blocks of text . 
  and someone does , enabling this type of behaviour . 
  if i had a dollar for every pixel in this image , i 'd have one dollar . 
  it 's called a false flag operation . 
  this was n't a stroke of military genius , it 's been around since forever . . 
  this is an american website , with a big majority of americans , therefore an echo chamber with certain opinions , and cognitive dissonance takes the back seat for a while . 
  everybody should acknowledge this and relax . 
  capitalists torture for profit , and dictators torture for obedience , no matter reddit 's up/down voting results . 
  two strawmen in the same post ? 
  yes sir . 
  was he using frontpage 5 years ago ?
