  indeed . 
  i guess there is n't much to support austrian school liberalism in the first place . 
  i actually provided point and rebuttal . 
  ( albeit not in form of argument , but a quick google search would provide you many for both ), 
  so , two points to contemplate in my post ( drawing parallels between adorno 's passage and utilitarianism , and arguing against this ) against stale critique on my literary device / unneeded clarification of already established argument in yours . 
  guess what post was without function . 
   implying my link does n't cite actual people . 
  with greater authority on the subject as well . 
  meh do as you like . 
  you would n't like that part if the situation was not hypothetical . 
  of course , in my point of view , being tantamount to a feudal lord deriving his power from a scarce natural commodity , `` civilization '' is doing great !, 
  i do n't think you understood the previous argument . 
  by `` a lot of people '' you probably mean a lot of pro-americans . 
  i disagree . 
  they failed to provide a subjective adjective to a fact is what they did . 
  i applaud a completely neutral and objective news source , allowing my rational mind to draw it 's own conclusions , rather than journalists furthering an agenda , no matter how good they think it is . 
  `` made '' and `` do '' used wrong in both the rage comic and your post . . 
  i thought that you trolled softly : /, 
  also omelette du fromage, 
  til epic rap battles of history is popular, 
   novelty account to post sexist comment, 
  its called the hitler youth and its reserved for the smoothest operators, 
  pop culture reference ? 
  downvote him to hell , karma police !, 
  when every panel is a reaction face and the title has a warning for offensiveness , you know that you have distorted the original meme into a caricature of itself, 
  this is fucking stupid . 
  the word sterilization has such negative connotations ascribed to it that the accompanying adjective `` voluntary '' is unconsciously neglected in the context of the proposition . 
  i would argue that state sponsored sterilization should be voluntary for everyone , to free the subject from condom or involuntary child / abortion expenses . 
  the racial discrimination is not perpetrated by the minister but is already established as socioeconomic a priori . 
  yes i agree that your argument is a slippery slope . 
  your argument is absurd :, 
  your first sentence implies a lot of things i never said and it is rebutted by your second sentence . 
  which also implies i argued for something stupid , when i argued for zero costs . 
  not even going to mention your third sentence is a blatant generalization . 
  seriously . 
  what the fuck . 
  [ read on your apparent condition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning-kruger_effect ), 
   arguing on the intrawebs : srs bzns, 
  down right = = american psycho, 
  the law of conservation of energy in effect : sexual energy transforms to kinetic energy, 
  which means all zarathustra says is : follow my subjective moral code . 
  there is no objective/naturalistic version of good . 
  it 's just a social construct to perpetuate stability . 
  please elaborate on your choice of words . 
  do you translate as subjectification the first part of the picture and objectification the latter ? 
  subjectification is a critical theory and cognitive linguistics term as far as i know and fairly complex to use in such everyday commentary, 
  if you mean the process of viewing the qualities of another as ideal for yourself , this is called partial identification . 
  i think that this is what you wanted to say by using the dichotomy between objective and subjective ( alas falsely ) . 
  furthermore , commenting on another person with an adjective is hardly objectification . 
  objectification means to view a person as having properties of objects , such as having the power to destroy it , or use it as a tool , or deny its sentience , or imply ownership . 
  i will suggest that the sexual connotation of the adjective was the one that prompted the word objectification . 
  this is pure morality , thus completely arbitrary , it has nothing to do with objects and everything to do with stifling the human right for free expression . 
  all i see in this picture is a cultural double standard on free expression , basing it on sex . 
  if you agree with the above you should accept it belongs in this subreddit . 
  i suppose if you chose utilitarian ethics you may be truer to logic . 
  i should note that the only concrete thing most people believe in is their senses , thus they should believe in empirical proof because it derives from observation and so in logical axioms and thus in logical discourse . 
  if you say logic is an artificial construct , you attack the truth of the senses . 
  and although we may certainly be deceived about everything through them , this is the only input we get from the cosmos and so the only `` truth '' we will ever reach derives from them . 
  they can feel however they choose as far as i am concerned . 
  i was commenting on the phrase you used to describe the picture . 
   i think you 've discovered the difference between subjectification and objectification !, 
  if it 's supposed to be ironic , disregard my previous post . 
  i registered it as an uneducated opinion and commented on it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  girl translates a picture as a sexually ideal woman . 
  upvotes . 
  boy does the same . 
  downvotes . 
  everything you said is your personal opinion and most people would prefer it if you did n't try to pass it as fact . 
   there is a major difference between , `` i feel sexy , like this sexy woman , '' vs , `` this woman ( who is not you ) is sexy . '', 
  no there is n't . 
  both are denoting a picture as a sexually ideal female . 
  the rest of your post i could not understand , please rewrite in better form unless so is an abbreviation i 'm unaware of . 
  i translated the picture as neutrally as possible . 
  you added underlying reasons to the reactions of both parties and viewed them as universal , which is misleading unless you provide studies that support such conclusions . 
  this is not a kettlewhatever it is just you trying to pass personal opinion as an argument . 
  you offered nothing in the conversation but your subjective beliefs , which amounts to zero . 
  this is romantic and anachronistic . 
  ideas nowadays propagate and get stored through electronic means . 
  every book could `` die by fire '' and nothing of value would be lost , except maybe a facet of fetishism . 
  the only way this could make sense is if by books the propagandist meant ideas and by by fire meant indoctrination , fear of free unobstructed thought , an agent of which is propaganda itself . 
  i was commenting on the op and i quote :, 
   still stands true . 
  the second part of my post though could be applied to an older time period and still hold its weight as an argument against this picture . 
  is this supposed to be a rebuttal ? 
  because you do n't contradict anything in my post . 
  or refer to anything in my post for that matter . 
  it is undeniable that many books are still not in digital format ( especially from less developed countries ' languages ) . 
  even this is easily surpassed with ocr software , flipping the book in a scanner , and proofreading once . 
  yet you miss the point , as the ability to reproduce the ideas - and even the entertainment factor , prose even - of your book online and still : a ) evade prosecution , b ) propagate easier , remains . 
  the robustness of books is seldom put forth as an argument except in post apocalyptic scenarios that are deprived of electricity . 
  i can store the library of congress in 7x3x1 cm space for pete 's sake . 
  i sure as hell can provide for multiple backups ( not to mention how much easier it is to produce them ), 
  that is my point . 
  op 's comment is incorrect because `` book '' is a bad choice of a word when referring to nowadays . 
  ideas do n't need books to propagate , and they actually achieve it more efficiently by other mediums . 
  the irony is that the downvotes show a trend of neoluddism here , close mindedness that the propaganda poster seemed to be against . 
  all cnn says is that rebelious youth exist in this town and on an unrelated note there is an equal chance qaddafi is hidding there or anywhere else in the world . 
  cnn is never wrong . 
  is he trolling ?
