  does he seriously believe we will read inane blocks of text ? 
  is he basing his defense of the bible on the bible ? 
  i am confuse derp, 
  wtf religious people, 
  everyone in here is 30 +, 
  a most unorthodox creation , i hope the reddit community shows catholic interest in the picture as a prophet of change of the preconceived puritan assumptions on how to make a ragecomic, 
  troll or it shows that how much of a knee jerk reaction political correctness has become . 
  try to post the same in r/4chan, 
  why would you wave a magic wand in front of a sad toilet seat ? 
  what you take offense to is called freedom of expression . 
  the next thought of the entrepreneur right after this idea must have been a ka-chiiing . 
   1650 % profit , not even considering the bulk pricing of the materials, 
  mother of god, 
  no you think it is offensive , and i think your lack of tolerance for a human right is offensive . 
  see ? 
  offensive is a subjective term tantamount to nothing in an argument . 
  yeah this was what i meant by idea , `` me too '' entrepreneurship is the name of the game pretty much . 
  i made some of these out of hemp as a kid ( smelled like shit though ) and even made it lock with a button . 
  aww, 
   or do i , as a human being , not have the right to be offended by what i see , and encounter, 
  of course you do and i am glad you do n't try to pass your personal subjective opinion as a logical argument . 
  it is just that , a personal opinion , holding zero merit . 
  glad we agree . 
  i must have misunderstood you . 
  why did this guy get so many downvotes ? 
  i 'm not american so i seriously do n't get it . 
  is it taboo to talk about jfk ? 
  it is a comic , you can check the definition . 
  the argument it is against the rules is ludicrous because it is based on deliberately changing the generally accepted meaning of a word . 
  even the argument that it is not a ragecomic holds no merit , as there is no general consensus or a standardized model to use for such , except the use of rage faces . 
  i can follow his line of argument though . 
  except if one of his premises is incorrect ( is this not considered trading with an enemy by us courts ? ) . 
  so it can certainly be your opinion that he is wrong but not the logical conclusion , unless a convincing counterargument exists . 
  but i guess downvoting means just that , expressing your opinion without going into the trouble to explain . 
  nice explanation , i will further question my american friends on the matter as a more sincere relationship exists between us , transcending ideological entrenchments that are common in forums and halt any meaningful debate . 
  i understand that there are unwritten rules/peer pressure of some sort . 
  well i 'm not about to start a debate on the structure of your social group , because i do n't frequent here and frankly i do n't really care enough for any power struggles that emerge from any conflicting agendas , because of their minimal impact in my life . 
  i just commented on what i perceived as absurd because of wrong premises ( rule of law ) . 
  please disregard my argument above . 
  mr. reed is promoting a position that progress must be the driving force of humanity . 
  he appears to be against utilitarianism , and i 'm saddened to find his rebuttal is a huge appeal to emotion . 
  even while he struggles to be portrayed as a bastion of humanity , by moving his humanitarian horizon continually to the unforeseeable future he shows a sociopathic contempt for others well being , instead coloring himself a neutral agent of progress . 
  that is what science is to mr. reed . 
  not an attempt to serve humanity , but it 's own end . 
  if his position was to be taken literally , hospitals should be replaced by panakeia research centers . 
  not even going to point out how degrading for scientific debate his shallow critique of legitimate positions is , or the underhanded technique used by the artist to sway the audience towards his agenda , because i 'm sure the critical reader has already singled them out . 
  is this the host that purposely sabotaged electric cars before reviewing them in his show ? 
  nice authority . 
  i take it you are just a fanboy then . 
  critical readers must have spotted the ironic parallel with a christian denying facts . 
  we are in agreement then, 
  still at it ? 
  fanboyism at its worst i suppose , even when proven wrong you attack me personally . 
  nice . 
  edit : lets spell it out to avoid any further logic juggles on your part . 
  this person is not trustworthy on at least the subject he is thought to be an authority , like i demonstrated . 
  his show is the equivalent of wwe on reviewing cars , putting up a facade of truth while being complete entertainment , with questionable value on anything else . 
  you do not apply trolling as a fact , but as a derogative statement . 
  facts are true statements , void of subjectivity , the link i posted being closer to the definition . 
  if you think declaring a position and backing it up with a source is trolling , i 'm sorry . 
  nobody else `` called me out '' as nobody denied my statement at the top . 
  your ignorance and personal attack sadly make me think you are either a troll or a fanboy . 
  i supposed the second to be polite and justify your illogical attacks . 
  also `` last words '' ? 
  you sound more and more like either of the above supositions on the characteristics of your behaviour . 
  peer pressure means nothing in a debate i 'm afraid . 
  i agree with the above definitions . 
  i do n't think i used `` big words '' , and i 'm sorry if you had to look something up , but there is no general consensus on what constitutes a `` big word '' . 
  i stated my subjective opinion on the character of your statements and i said it . 
  supposition is the key word . 
  you said i was a troll , stated it strongly as a fact , something that i deny . 
  if you still try to deny my position in the first post above , please post evidence refuting my premises ( i used the news article posted below as truth ) , or reasoning . 
  else kindly accept the truth of it . 
  you are a moral subjectivist when you believe that there are no objective ethics , but ethical absolutes do exist ( culturally for example ) . 
  in contrast you are a moral relativist when you believe there are no objective ethics and you can adjust freely your morality in different situations . 
  basically moral subjectivism : you know true morals do not exist , but you accept the social contract and you are not a cunt to others . 
  moral relativism : `` soldier of fortune '' mentality , where you can twist your morals as you see fit . 
  athens and sparta , two city states and their allies , started a war for trade and dominance . 
  athens was a naval superpower while sparta had the greatest army in the greek peninsula . 
  militaristic sparta won and imposed an oligarchy on previously democratic athens . 
  greek cities were devastated and a golden age ended . 
  i do n't have to argue in favor of a definition ( not sure if i agree myself * - [ e ] : with the concept - * ) . 
  i am more of a utilitarianism guy . 
  the difference of the two is you are aligned to a not true but agreed morality vs you can have a completely personal morality ( it is moral because i believe it to be ) . 
  i was using moral and ethic interchangeably . 
  and yes it would be a crazy world if everyone was a moral relativist, 
  are you implying that grrm can end the story in seven books ( without changing narrative style at least ) ? 
  please elaborate, 
   just read the `` its shit like this '' overblown meme critique on the frontpage, 
   it 's about time i got popular, 
  * - posts - *, 
   implying that `` the right thing '' is not completely arbitrary and based on a subjective/relativistic morality, 
  we are talking about killing animals here . 
  the is no naturalistic `` good '' or `` right '' , and the moral code we accept for these words so we can prosper as a human species do not apply when killing or eating your prey . 
  [ edit ] except if you anthropomorphize them to some extend , like many do to their pets, 
  i agree with you in all but the last argument . 
  agnostic atheists are the skeptics of religious debate , because they question the truth in the non existence of god-like entities that atheists by definition believe in . 
  true atheism in light of agnostic rationality is a belief , and thus hypocritical in itself . 
  you do not contradict my argument if that was your intent ( you do not state it ) . 
  true atheists are believers in something .
