  when prostitution is the result of sex trafficking , intrinsic qualities of the second concept are also becoming part of the first . 
  if op was just arguing the semantic differences of the broad interpretation of the two words , i was wrong . 
  but that hardly explains the link provided in which my first sentence is questioned by some creative data dredging . 
  i agree , it was wrong of me to use `` not always '' . 
  your argument came out as a non sequitur ( or at least a question begging analogy ), 
  so relevant to british riot police kettling tactics . 
  thanx !, 
  oups already posted it . 
  thanks , 
  thanks political correctness guy !, 
  the more you know . 
  completely forgot about it . 
  my answer was a very eli3 as i only used absolutist subjectivism and individual relativism . 
  here goes :, 
  a moral subjectivist ( being the opposite of an objectivist ) believes that two people in the same situation may not have the same ethics , as any ethical question must account for the person itself . 
  but a subjectivist may not be only a relativist . 
  he can adhere to the social contract , or laws etc for good or bad , and so he becomes an absolutist . 
  moral relativism ( being the opposite of absolutism ) says that the ethics depend on the context . 
  there are many different takes on moral relativism . 
  individual relativism ( context is the person itself ) . 
  cultural relativists also exist ( morality a is true within a particular culture ) , as well as a subject-audience relation based relativism ( that 's gilbert i think ? ) . 
  but it need not be subjective relativism as a tangible , objective context may arise ( objective relativism ) . 
  that was n't a boycott , but a market reaction . 
  do n't make it sound like a moral cause coming to fruition because its not . 
  of course , i have no reason to challenge your claim , just i had to point out two observations i made about your post . 
  and i should also point out the irony in you saying `` projections '' . 
  greek pm papandreou will not resign , awaits results of talks with main opposition party - reuters . 
  i hoped you 'd leave revealing a kiddie urinal as well : c, 
  it 's all heavy 's fault, 
  google is great for solving problems , just not medical ones . 
  semantics : uk is only the island of great britain along with northern ireland, 
  [ british overseas territory , part of the crown ] ( http://blog.cgpgrey.com/wp-content/uploads/uk-venn.png ), 
  if i had a dollar for every pixel in this pic , i 'd have one dollar, 
  here 's a course from harvard for anyone interested : http://www.justiceharvard.org/watch/, 
  astrophysicists usually measure distance in parsecs not light-years, 
  sorry for not backing up my point, 
  kissing cheeks is not socially acceptable in the usa ? 
  in europe it 's - usually - a friend zone indicator , as it denotes no sexual tension and a friendly attitude . 
  while it 's true that light years is a much easier unit to understand , i have the slight suspicion that astrophysicists love being elitists . 
  i was just informing , not contesting :p, 
  ctrl + f, 
  flex, 
  bison, 
  0 results . 
  comp.scientists of reddit i am dissapoint, 
  may i suggest `` the moral landscape '' . 
  it makes for a thought-provoking read , close to your interests, 
  would n't have guessed from the prose in mein kampf . 
  some time ago , i made a mental calculation : the probability of a crash course evolution video posted on [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) within an hour of upload approaches 1 . 
  glad to see i was not let down . 
  * all of my upvotes *, 
  was anyone surprised ? 
  til web applications and hci are not computer science relevant . 
  also why only 4 languages . 
  i wanted to learn norwegian . . 
  from a quick look there is only french , german and spanish currently available . 
  i guess i 'll brush up my german a bit , just for the novelty factor . 
  1st world problems . 
  remove the review tag from your videos , for fuck 's sake , its false advertisement . 
  just another group anthropomorphizing animals . 
  their modus operandi includes appeal to emotion , no reputable sources . 
  check , and check . 
  preparing for shitstorm from israeli nationalists, 
  you attempt a tu quoque red herring . 
  my point still stands . 
  just for the record i wo n't accept a theory about arafat 's death , without cross-checked data supporting one . 
  but i dislike the homophobic implications of many supporters of the hiv hypothesis , which draws parallels with a smear campaign . 
  got it . 
  repost to / r/atheism for shits and giggles, 
  chargers are transformers , and not the robot kind . 
  when a device is not plugged in the charger , the only thing drawing power is a coil of wire , that heats up due to its resistance , and also creates a small magnetic field that in turn creates eddy currents in the core of the transformer , heating it as well . 
  thanks dwight schrute . 
  also how cold is it in iceland this season ? 
  * not sure if serious about the father of modern linguistics , or just right wing tinted glasses . 
  please cite the article . 
  i agree that i appealed to authority , but still any argument is stronger to a non sequitur ( cited sources in article ergo misinformation ), 
  edit : if you are talking about the faurisson affair :, 
  `` in his right to say it , published in the nation , chomsky stressed the conceptual distinction between endorsing someone 's view and defending his right to say it :, 
  vidal-naquet misunderstood a sentence in the petition that ran , `` since he began making his findings public , professor faurisson has been subject to ... '' the term `` findings '' is quite neutral . 
  one can say , without contradiction : `` he made his findings public and they were judged worthless , irrelevant , falsified ... '' the petition implied nothing about quality of faurisson 's work , which was irrelevant to the issues raised . 
  i made it explicit that i would not discuss faurisson 's work , having only limited familiarity with it ( and , frankly , little interest in it ) . 
  rather , i restricted myself to the civil-liberties issues and the implications of the fact that it was even necessary to recall voltaire 's famous words in a letter to m. le riche : `` i detest what you write , but i would give my life to make it possible for you to continue to write . '', 
  [ ... ] many writers find it scandalous that i should support the right of free expression for faurisson without carefully analyzing his work , a strange doctrine which , if adopted , would effectively block defense of civil rights for unpopular views . 
  it seems to me something of a scandal that it is even necessary to debate these issues two centuries after voltaire defended the right of free expression for views he detested . 
  it is a poor service to the memory of the victims of the holocaust to adopt a central doctrine of their murderers '', 
  ah , my misunderstanding stems from the fact that the term holocaust applies to the jewish genocide . 
  chinese genocide seems a more appropriate term here . 
  again please cite the article , sounds interesting . 
  nice . 
  i 'm a comp engineer but electronics is not my field of study . 
  could you elaborate on your answer ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  1mil $ for a year ? 
  seriously ? 
  how much do they pay their employees ? 
  eh there is this trend in america to blend nationalism with patriotism . 
  i do n't blame the governments for pushing such notions , that is how they get the soldiers and sneak in public support for their wars . 
  i would argue that by using an hypothetical fully robotic army it would be very difficult to achieve public support . 
  all taxes/wages would be payed in drachmas . 
  a bank holiday would be introduced , and all accounts changed to drachmas , in a completely arbitrary exchange rate to euro .
