  well known shibboleth : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parsley_massacre, 
  \\  wr agi hero, 
  but it was the engl . . well played . 
  i would n't be the one to talk if i was a revisionist claiming that the us never supported the taliban . 
  then again this is a us website . 
  have fun now trying to claim that the primary source cited is incorrect etc. 
  what a beautiful view !, 
  i 'd ride the fuck out of that region !, 
  nationalist propaganda works . 
  dingdingding we found admiral bulldog 's secret, 
  not really . 
  if you watch both videos you can draw your own conclusion about the players abilities and personality . 
  it will most likely converge to the majority of the viewers ' sentiments . 
  have n't read the post yet ( saved for later , cs degree ) , but he may be referring to the entropy rate of the system variables , which is to say , the uncertainty , its randomness . 
  a very useful property in telecommunications , and i am sure it must be used in quantum theory . 
  i am more surprised that askhistorians are n't upvoting a karma whoring mccarthian post like most of reddit really . 
  the icon was used for enigma 's midnight pulse in dota1 :d ( not even close to how powerful the spell was though ), 
  counter helix is physical , culling blade 's instant death part is physical too . 
  also no ghost scepter = what a playa, 
  you do n't pay up front , i have no reason to help you . 
  you ca n't prove apriori your ideas are worth more than my ideas . 
  hence the downvotes . 
  you are lazy . 
  if you want to go into the business , learn to program yourself . 
  ideamen are a dime a dozen, 
  same here , fun stuff . 
  i knew the first reply to the first comment would say that !, 
  may mays so hip, 
  wow, 
  check out vision 's eternity rba, 
  the twist : you are russian, 
  noname sounds really catchy to me , 
  was n't he playing basketball or something before dota ? 
  lolda is shocked by the gesture of disrespect, 
  nah chuan is cool , dendi actually played a joke on him in the beginning of the game , where he sticks a post-it on his back . 
  to make sure it stays there , he even pats him in the back ( and high fives him ) three times :, 
  time to inject some queries and see what happens xd yolo, 
  just tell him that if he is n't using the device to stop smoking , he should use 0g or very low nicotine . 
  nicotine is addictive , and the effects of - inhaling - vg and pg ( two chemicals that are commonly used in the food industry ) are not thoroughly documented . 
  also he should drink plenty of liquids to not dehydrate himself . 
  but its cheaper in the long run ( as long as he does n't start collecting ) and probably way safer than cigarettes , so he pretty much dodged a bullet . 
  before i started vaping i did search for long term trials on vg/pg inhalation , but did n't find anything as far as i remember . 
  be kind and provide the references , it would be a big load off my chest !, 
  yes, 
  i only get the graphic on the shot fired at the main target, 
  is the hassle of westernization really worth it for the byzantines ? 
  i wouldnt agree more , education and a more uniform wealth distribution is the big equalizer of people . 
  not political correctness . 
  i would argue that if the property of a person was redistributed after his death to the less fortunate , there would be minimal racism , but this opens a new can of worms , and advice animals is not really the sub for it . 
  he was hardcore from his blood mage days . . the memories, 
  the whole teleological branch of normative ethics beg to differ . 
  skewer + holy persuasion ? 
  you offered some nice feedback but op chose to ignore it , it 's his perogative . 
  small states can be vassalized right after full warscore . 
  you can also create vassals after a war ( bottom button in your diplomacy screen ) , provided you now own at least one province of them and the state does n't exist already ( you can immediately create croatia as venice , which is a good idea both for entering the hre for italian wars , and for feeding it provinces from hungary ) . 
  you can counter with bkb rubick , then it is just awkward . 
  mech mods do n't have wires or circuits , as the name implies . 
  proud owner of a k101 , never looked back . 
  \\ #eefficiency \\ #nomercy \\ #road 2ti4, 
  i. netolic is literally nationalist socialist german leader circa 1939, 
  ergo nrootn = churchill, 
  its all falling apart guys, 
  so , which verses are literal and which are metaphors/abbreviations ? 
  just so i can have a frame of reference . 
  i suspect the answer is , whatever fits my worldview at the moment . 
  just like the moon verse , i 'm sure everyone throughout history with 0 understanding of astronomy never claimed it was a metaphor . 
  that 's why many atheists view christians as inconsistent at the very least . 
  so god conveys through storytelling ( metaphors/paraboles ) why the universe was made . 
  this should take all literal interpretations off the table . 
  then everyone surely has his own understanding of the bible ? 
  or is there a canon that christians adhere to ? 
  the alternative is to disregard all verses of the bible that do not specifically state god 's intention . 
  you could wrap a wick around it , instead of cotton . 
  correct ? 
  the spare is only worth 1 $ or so, 
  i hear `` neee '' constantly , anyone knows what it means ? 
  ah , that makes sense !, 
  `` please prepare for the upcoming exam on bananas '', 
  i hope this was a typo, 
  or you just go buy a battery , a resistor and a capacitor ( rated above the voltage your battery + resistor produces ) and charge it directly :|, 
  that feeling when my browser shows the link as visited . 
  i do n't get the hype . 
  you can just buy an airflow controller for 4 $ and use it on your protank 2 :, 
  $ 125k to build a usb hub ? 
  oook . . 
  not sure why the downvotes ( actually i can guess the reason ) . 
  this guy is absolutely correct . 
  js is one of the easiest programming languages to learn compared to other widely used ones like java , c++ , c # . 
  allows both procedural and oo paradigms . 
  dynamic typing . 
  no need to set up web servers , compilers , ides etc. 
  in short , if js is not your first p.language , it is a walk in the park . 
  because it is your first p.language it will be hard , but you have it so much easier than the next guy trying hello world in java . 
  just open some tabs with well known tutorials , get your favorite text editor , and start experimenting . 
  in some months you will be able to completely comprehend and write much of the js code out there . 
  for the love of god as an absolute beginner do not begin with importing jquery , it is an abstraction layer that is the opposite of learning a programming language . 
  `` i do n't take the term review and then try to muddy the water with it '', 
  but you totally do tb , on every video . 
  shut it down, 
  why ca n't paradox sell licenses for the clausewitz engine , and maybe create some toolbox , so the modding community can expand the grand strategy genre ?
