  i 'm sorry , i seem to have misunderstood something fundamental , i thought the general consensus when stating a `` non belief in god '' had a joint meaning with `` non belief in god 's existence '' . 
  the alternative would be , what , belief that god exists but is lying ? 
  ( using the word nonbelief by not ascribing it to the subject but to it 's statements ), 
  i 'm sorry if it came out as a no true scotsman , my intent is to state the definition of an atheist . 
  i added the word true not to imply pureness but difference to other ideologies concerning god . 
  you stated just atheist in your starting argument and that is what i am trying to rebute, 
  [ edit ] from the link posted above ( i take it as a counterargument judging from the downvotes to my question ), 
  q : how can you call yourself atheist ? 
  you ca n't possibly know for sure, 
  a : that does not mean that one is prevented from evaluating the probability of a god 's existence and making a `` belief '' conclusion from that . 
  yes you are correct . 
  i still do not understand how by stating atheist , you mean atheist agnostic . 
  please continue arguing in the previous chain of posts ( to keep it compact ), 
  wikipedia :, 
  atheism is , in a broad sense , the rejection of belief in the existence of deities . 
  [ 1 ] in a narrower sense , atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities . 
  you then accept the broad sense of atheism and then differentiate to strong and weak atheism . 
  i took the narrow sense along with the definition of agnosticism and stated that they are contradictory . 
  the whole debate was a semantics one , and i am saddened that you see your definition is the public one , when so many argue against atheism by accepting the narrow sense . 
  semantics is a serious part of arguing . 
  i was not arguing against the rarity of a position , rather against its meaning , please keep it compact by continuing below , 
  `` as commonly understood , atheism is the position that affirms the nonexistence of god . 
  so an atheist is someone who disbelieves in god , whereas a theist is someone who believes in god . 
  another meaning of `` atheism '' is simply nonbelief in the existence of god , rather than positive belief in the nonexistence of god . 
  ... an atheist , in the broader sense of the term , is someone who disbelieves in every form of deity , not just the god of traditional western theology . '', 
  so it is the meaning of the word as it is commonly understood , not dissection to its components . 
  by your logic the many words that mean other things than what their original meaning was should be changed in the zeitgeist before using them in a debate . 
  yes by the standards of your faq this meaning is wrong . 
  yet it exists , like guinea pigs are not pigs from guinea but everyone understands what you mean . 
  i agree though that the author did some mental juggling with the words disbelief and affirmation, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  how about you back up your arguments if you want them to hold any merit instead of being just slander ? 
  * sigh * ok let me google it for you then . 
  [ link from rt , russia today ] ( http://rt.com/news/hairdresser-turns-robber-into-sex-slave/ ) an international news channel , the 2nd most watched foreign news source in the us after bbc, 
  also out of curiosity , please elaborate on what you mean as a `` pattern of cautionary urban legend '', 
  when you try to argue against russian news , yes, 
   absolute democracy, 
  you just went full derp, 
  it 's actually very thought provoking to imagine the underlying reasons everytime a rageface is used . 
  * what am i reading here ? 
  smallest font size possible, 
  it is not consensual sex , at least not legally . 
  and also debatable by mainstream morality standards because of the abuse allegations . 
  you have to understand that the post above ( as well as most on reddit ) , are from the american point of view . 
  it is rather difficult if not impossible to comment on something objectively . 
  i agree that you protest against the poster promoting his opinion as truth . 
  but that is a fallacy that nigh everyone falls into unwillingly from time to time . 
  even your statement might be biased because of countless factors . 
  i am not suggesting a moral realist argument here . 
  i just stated that from a legal and a `` politically correct '' morality viewpoint this is rape . 
  there are many laws that contradict scientific research , yet we abide by them , because peer pressure , or the inherent violence of the state , or the social contract or whatever demands it . 
  one can argue that a utilitarian perspective based on science and the peoples well being is the only alternative to a law based on some high judge 's subjective ethics . 
  [ citation needed ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#calculating_the_number_of_victims, 
  `` murickans '' : herpdiderp communist hellhole i know because of murikan media . 
  `` commies '' : duuuurr communist paradise i know because of a few handpicked articles . 
  cuba is a developing country , embargoed by the greatest economies , with an single party government . 
  they achieve stuff in spite of that . 
  tl ; dr stop being biased, 
  * demoknight *, 
  y so mad tho ? 
  in the long run he strengthens cryptocurrencies . 
  if you can not see it i suppose you are just some currency speculator aka all that is wrong with bitcoin . 
  google : moral realism , moral relativism and moral subjectivism . 
  there are many different takes on morality . 
  most replies in here are biased by their personal preference . 
  the `` be moral '' in your question sounds more like peer pressure to accept politically correct ethics . 
  what . 
  do n't . 
  even . 
  1 : why the popular opinion stresses that debates over the internet are a waste of time , while both parties have the time and resources for a more complete consensus ? 
  2 : what is your most prominent sexual fantasy, 
  wow . 
   there 's no proof , and crap like that, 
  what am i reading here, 
  awww , anthropomorphizing other species !, 
   since radical feminism is based on marxism , it is not surprising . 
  the fuck am i reading here ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
  ftfy : prostitution is not always sex trafficking . 
  ( laws , morality and circumstances vary ), 
  the marxist principles being ? 
  please be more specific , because i can not draw any parallels , apart from they both agree on sexual equality . 
  radical feminism is essentially racism . 
  yes i am aware of the fact . 
  yet it is not supporting your argument `` feminism is based on marxist principles '' . 
  is it based on marxian economics ? 
  on hegelian dialectics ? 
  i will take a leap of logic here and answer no . 
  it is akin to saying marxists support men 's rights , ergo masculism is based on marx as well . 
  edit : do n't blame my arguing on a bias , i support austrian liberalism to some extend , and i understand that demonizing marxism is a part of the american culture , but this view is clearly distorted and/or ignorant . 
  of course some feminists are also marxists . 
  the synthesis of both ideologies is possible . 
  i suppose the viewpoint i argued against was oversimplified , leading easily to semantic errors ? 
  i fuckin bursted out laughing at my grandmas funeral as well . 
  my relatives told me it happens some times :\\, 
  yes , that sounds right . 
  so radical feminism is not based on marxism , but on highly distorted marxian word definitions . 
  an example of the semantic misconception : fascism uses class collaboration as a principle . 
  the idea of economic classes and class consciousness exists , but that hardly turns them into marxists . 
  the fuck ?
