  large steel companies producing large amounts of steel ? 
  not like 40 is insufficient or anything ... 
  this is only one silly ph.d student though , does n't mean other people at that convention did n't raise any actual valid problems of white supremacy . 
  i mean , she 's super stupid about it . 
  why can you not learn about feminism from a man , as long as he 's knowledgeable about its subjects ? 
  sure it may be difficult but not impossible . 
  same goes for teaching people who are n't white : i do not see how that changes things , kids are kids , all external factors being the same , what would the difference be between teaching a white or a black kid ? 
  but then you read the comments under the article , well it 'll give you an aneurysm . 
  also inciting hatred imo , because hatred usually leads to violence down the road . 
  great ritalin : keeping everyone focussed on the job at hand . 
  you might want to read up again about the nazis because yes they did have socialist in their name , they were far from actual socialists . 
  national socialism was just one interpretation of fascism, 
  yeah exactly , only rich place here is the city of groningen but it is chock full of students ( me included ) pulling the average down . 
  i mean latin was n't the primary language of israel back when jesus was still alive but most of roman catholic history is written almost exclusively in latin anyway . 
  well simple , there is still a conservative bible belt that stretches from zeeland in the south west to drenthe/zwolle area in the north east . 
  a lot of people in these rather rural/agricultural areas are still very christian and conservative and [ it shows ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/55/sgpstemmen1.png ) . 
  `` percentage van het aantal kiesgerechtigden '' means percentage of people allowed to vote the picture i sent shows the percentage of votes the sgp receives in these areas in national elections most of them are n't very conservative , but there 's places like urk , areas north of dordrecht and zeeland for the most part that are strict and conservative . 
  urk is probably the most conservative of them all . 
  the largest christian party , cda , can hardly be called truly christian . 
  there 's cu which is rather christian and then there 's sgp which are very conservative christians . 
  for example : sgp did n't even allow women into their party until a few years ago because politics was n't womens business . 
  they lost their subsidies for a short time and changed their rules so women can join now as well but they do not yet have any female representatives ( at least not nationally ), 
  i believe that he has a rather large rectum where he creates , stores and retrieves these facts from . 
  imo everyone deserves a fair trial , otherwise you compromise the integrity of your justice system and all the consequences that go along with it . 
  you just sorta stoop down to their level when doing so . 
  that is not to say that they deserve harsh sentences , but harsh sentences resulting from a fair trial . 
  yeah sure , but the reasons for the replacement were absolutely insane . 
  any gun , no matter how well designed and produced , would have suffered from the consequences of the amount of abuse it was supposed to withstand . 
  i was mostly talking about the minarets , not really about the circumcision part . 
  that part i agree with . 
  but the same could be said about christianity , its just that people are n't as religious as they used to be but christianity had a major influence in politics up until quite recently ( and its still present ) do n't you believe that , whatever your opinion about islam or muslims , that religions should be treated the same under the law and constitution ? 
  not even necessarily by society but at least by those two things ? 
  and that 's a fair justification for screwing over their religious freedoms ? 
  yeah but for those muslims already in your country it will come across as a massive `` fuck you '' which 'll probably discourage them even more from integrating further into german society . 
  teah but it is relevant because what happens in syria affects us as well : eg the refugee crisis . 
  yeah but who 's ever going to pickpocket someone his size ? 
  atheism = / = intelligence . 
  ffs i 'm an atheist myself and know plenty of dumb as a rock atheists . 
  more democratic than saudi arabia at least i guess . 
  same way for emmen and drachten , and yes spijkenisse is a shithole . 
  / r/politics is not even close to being representative of us politics ... 
  a dutch communist perhaps ? 
  you 're making an absolutely enormous exaggeration of the situation . 
  the guy is still allowed to speak his mind , he has n't stopped doing what he did , in fact he 's intensified the frequency of his posts iirc . 
  an asshole mayor was being an asshole . 
  it 's not like he 's been silenced , he 's only become more popular . 
  seriously you think that we live in some kind of police state ? 
  with the govt snooping into our private lives ? 
  nah we live in a free country , a country which ranks somewhere among the best countries with most personal and economic freedom . 
  just because we are n't allowed to say some things ( very very few things ) does n't mean we do n't have freedom . 
  for the third time , our definition of free speech is not the same as the american definition . 
  you may think otherwise but infringement of personal freedoms get a lot of coverage here , and nobody in government wants to take away your right to free speech , far from it in fact . 
  an asshole mayor being an asshole is what it is . 
  stop making it bigger than it actually is . 
  see , and that is where we fundamentally disagree , i do believe you have every right to free speech . 
  you should be able to say whatever you want and you can say whatever you want bar some exceptions . 
  like i said , the american definition of free speech is not the same as ours and it never has been . 
  you also have every right to start your own public or commercial broadcasting and tell people about your pov , but the problem is that a lot of people want to do that . 
  so you , as public broadcaster , have to prioritize who can and can not be given air time simply because you have to be representative of the large majority of people . 
  back in the day we had 21 different public broadcasters , ranging from socialist to conservative , evangelical to catholic etc etc. 
  it 's not like we have a lack of pov . 
  our ideas about how a government should function and what its duties are will probably differ fundamentaly as well , so i do n't think we 'll ever agree on this . 
  for the last 200 years , except when being occupied by other countries , we have never had and most likely never will have a authoritatian and totalitarian regime simply because of how our government works . 
  i 'm sorry to say this but i simply do not think you quite understand how we do things here in the netherlands . 
  you might think that we have a government telling us what to do but that 's not even close to being true , you could n't be further from the truth . 
  it 's been this way since [ 1965 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/omroepstatus ) , the only thing that has changed is the amount of members you 're required to have . 
  it used to be 15k and now it 's 50k to be an aspirant member , but that 's not unreasonable considering the ever increasing access to broadcast media over the last 5 decades . 
  it 's been raised gradually eversince . 
  it 's not the government censoring people , but if anyone could get air time just because 5 people and a horse agree with him/her public broadcasting would be a mess . 
  it just makes sense to have a minimal requirement to allow you to broadcast . 
  and once they have the minimal requirements they get paid to broadcast publicly in fact , they do n't have to pay for it . 
  all paid for by taxes . 
  and come on man , you know that 's not even close to being true . 
  we do believe in free speech , i do and so does everyone i know , our definition of free speech just is n't as broad as the american definition . 
  example : i think that the mayor who ordered police to talk to a man to persuade him being less active on twitter waaaay overstepped his ( at least moral/ethical/professional ) bounds . 
  does n't mean it 's illegal , as much as it pains me to say that . 
  i 'd love to see that changed , a mayor should n't have that kind of power with police . 
  meh i 'm not in the slightest offended by the fact that you call us a liberal hellhole , i take pride in that actually . 
  so far our country is and has been one of the safest countries in europe for the last several decades , both in social security and personal safety . 
  liberal hellhole we may be , i would n't trade it for anywhere else . 
  idk where you 're from but i could just as well call your country conservative and backwards . 
  your points just are n't anywhere close to being true , just as mine probably would n't be if i called your country conservative and backwards . 
  which was done by a left wing extremist , not the government . 
  fuck man i 'm left wing for / r/europe circles and i 'm more than willing to admit that . 
  no they 're not , that 's bullshit . 
  the only way they can be shut down and eventually probably will is because of a lack of members . 
  you need at least 50k members to be allowed air time on public tv and radio , an amount of members they struggle to maintain most of the time . 
  that 's what can get them shut down , or another onno hoes situation might . 
  we also `` only '' ( ~ 17 million is still a lot for such a small area ) have just over a third of spain 's population while having just over half the size of their economy . 
  quite impressive imo, 
  question : if i 'm not mistaken , could i theoretically sail my boat from rotterdam to the black sea using only in land rivers and canals ? 
  the map does make it look like that . 
  edit : apparently you can : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhine%e2%80%93main%e2%80%93danube_canal, 
  jeez he looks just like my roommate ... 
  yeah bus is free for me as a student but i missed that yesterday . 
  ah well no school today so i 'll just take it easy !, 
  thanks for your concern though , i wo n't take it the wrong way !, 
  nice of you to kinda care about a stranger 's safety . 
  i do n't have the money to buy a more suitable bike . . 
  edit : this is how far my frisian will take me .
