  the money you 'll get for it is just a drop in the bucket of the entire eu budget . 
  plus with a university you create and preserve knowledge for future generations , imo a noble act compared to the quick cash you 'd make from selling it . 
  1990 : two australian tourists mistaken for british soldiers murdered by ira in roermond or it was somewhere in the 80s . 
  i am confident it happened in roermond though . 
  so obama is wearing clothing generally worn by muslims therefore he condones islamism ? 
  that 's a big jump to conclusions . 
  we do n't even know the context here , for all we know it might have been at a party or something . 
  dress looks pretty finely crafted , could have been someone 's wedding as well . 
  edit : turns out it indeed was a wedding : http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/687182/barack-obama-muslim-dress-half-brothers-wedding-islam-terror, 
  and pretty much all asians were scum , except the japanese . 
  how dare you give napoleon a japanese motorcycle !, 
  in the netherlands you have to use an `` ov chipkaart '' to travel with ( almost ) all public transport operators . 
  this is a card that you scan at the train/metro station , or inside a bus/tram . 
  you could make the system for busses so that you have to scan the card at a scanner mounted to the bus stop so that the bus 'll know that you want to hop on at said stop . 
  then scan it again when you 're inside so that you are actually checked in onboard . 
  only one person at the stop would have to signal the bus while everyone at the bus stop will have checked in . 
  if they do n't hop on after scanning maybe charge their card a small amount of money for making the bus stop when not needed , wasting fuel and time for those already onboard . 
  its not completely watertight but goes a long way , and in terms of how the card works rather similar to the system we have now . 
  a true 1930 's germany solution you have there . 
  that i did not know . 
  weird how politics work huh . 
  i mean you have to put israel with the western forces as well , but i ca n't see any possibility of saudi arabia and israel fighting together . 
  oh man i 'm willing to believe you but i 'm going to need more than sentence about that chinese admiral . 
  seems like a very funny story . 
  because they are a major strategic asset for nato , and when shit hits the fan with russia ( what nato used to be all about ) you want to close of the bosporus so that russia ca n't possibly enter the mediterranean sea from the black sea , containing that part of the russian navy there . 
  yeah the black sea is large as shit but if you can contain russian naval power there and not have it in the mediterrannean you 're golden ( also why gibraltar is such an important strategic point ) . 
  you also want the airbases in turkey because they are important to gain access to the air in the caucasus region . 
   it 's quite possibly the most nonsensical thing i 've ever heard on this website and that 's really saying something . 
  i 'll say , because this is quite possibly the most ignorant thing i 've ever read on this website . 
  do you really not know how terrible women were treated until quite recently ? 
  yes ? 
  women only earned the right to vote in the last century or so . 
  many cultures throughout history have regarded women inferior to men . 
  there was hardly any possibility for them to become truly powerful . 
  you do n't have to have physical strength to be a leader , only mental strength . 
  men and women are both great at that . 
   for every negative case of male leadership there 's also an amazing cases in terms of leadership ... julius caesar , octavian , alexander the great , napoleon , bismark to name some , were incredible leaders ... napoleon : such a great leader that 5 out of 6 men in his army did n't return home from russia because of his arrogance and greed . 
   stating that war is bad , war is n't bad , war and conflict breeds progress , survival of the fittest , there 's correlation to be found between civilizations that favoured wars of anhilation and success . 
  neither the native americans nor the native african tribesmen practiced total anhilation and they were fairly primitive . 
  the moment the zulus took up the doctrine of total anhilation under the leadership of shaka did they and what 's left of their conquered opponents form a strong kingdom . 
  war is bad . 
  nothing good comes from war except pain , death , hate , resentment and more suffering . 
  those are also some of the reasons why wars are started . 
  how anyone can glorify it is beyond me . 
  survival of the fittest is a biological concept , not a social concept . 
  although everything social is also inherrently biological . 
  total annihilation as you present it here is nothing but a synonym for being a genocidal maniac . 
  it is n't pretty . 
  it is n't nice . 
  does ww2 soviet union count ? 
  when they were young they were probably taught to deal with the consequences of their actions to some extent . 
  this is no different and yet they still complain . 
  yeah but many eu decisions had already been made by all those northern countries because the eastern countries were n't members yet . 
  that 's something you ca n't change . 
  idk about the south , italy seems rather invested in the whole eu . 
  he did n't call them racist in any way , that 's what you make of it . 
   referendums are the most pure form of democratic consensus simply because they state a question and usually expect a yes or no answer . 
  the parliament is supposed to follow the will of the people . 
  if the majority of the population want one thing then the parliament should reflect it . 
  in this case if 52 % want out then the parliament should immediately start the procedure to leave . 
   in this case 73 % of the entire population voted . 
  this is by far a national consensus . 
  it is the pinnacle of democracy . 
  i agree , a referendum is the most democratic way to decide on an issue as a society . 
  it also is a national consensus in this case ( if you look at the eu-ukraine referendum in nl some time ago we only had just over 30 % turn out , hardly a national consensus is it ? 
  ) , and the current government should respect it ( although they do not have an actual obligation to do so ) . 
  that does n't mean that the government has to respect it after the next elections , let 's say there 's a massive shift towards the remain camp in those elections . 
  would n't it be very inconvenient if you ca n't then undo decisions you made in the past , such as the brexit referendum ? 
  those politicians will want to follow the will of their constituents , exactly as you say , by undoing the brexit referendum . 
  if the majority of the population want one thing then the parliament should reflect it , again you 're right here , so therefore a next government should stop the process of leaving the eu if that 's what the people overwhelmingly wanted . 
  i will admit that this is extremely hard to do in the uk because of the way your politicians are elected . 
  and yes that 's a minority ruling the majority but is n't that exactly what you have now ? 
  conservatives had 36,9 % of the popular vote in 2015 yet more than 50 % of seats , and it 's still a democratically elected parliament in a democratic process . 
  why then ca n't lib dem do the same thing if they happen to be elected themselves or in a coalition with others to more than 50 % of the seats ? 
  the first one made the choice to hold the referendum , the next one might choose to undo those results . 
  both are equally democratic processes , but it is an unfair system because it is n't actually representative of what people voted ( election part ) . 
   no it is n't . 
  stop bending it . 
  it must first go into full effect and only then it can be overruled . 
  you ca n't stop something that is not done yet . 
  what you want is to effectively silence a national consensus . 
  i never talked about when they should undo the causes of the referendum , you did . 
  i do not want to silence a national consensus , i 'd like to see it reversed somehow sometime . 
  i 'll believe you on your word if you say that a referendum can only be held after implementation , that 's fine , as long as a new referendum can then be held ( if it happens ) or people vote for politicians who want to reverse the brexit referendum in the next parliamentary elections . 
  i 'll gladly admit that i 'd rather see the uk in one piece within the eu , not fragmented into parts that are and parts that are n't . 
  chances are that the process of leaving the eu is already underway when the next electioncycle has passed , so that 's the moment you can actually stop the process . 
  as it stands now you 're correct , nothing has been implemented yet , only voted on . 
   it does . 
  every single time when an election is close we can then have another election disputing the last until the bureaucracy is no longer functional . 
  yeah but you can only create a cabinet in parliament with a ( coalition creating a ) majority , so having constant cycles of elections could only really happen when the coalition continuously falls apart . 
  with the exception of resignation of parliament or motion of no confidence , once voted in you know you 're stuck with the electorate for a couple of years . 
  its not gon na happen that easily . 
  lib dem also has to wait until 2020 to get voted into parliament in sufficient numbers to implement this plan , although i expect that cameron 's succesor is n't going to be pm for long so there 'll probably be earlier elections . 
  idk what happens after that , probably lots of political unrest . 
   even cameron said you ca n't have multiple referendums one after another for the same god damn thing . 
  yeah because it 's a complete waste of time and money , not because it 's undemocratic . 
  it 'll only make political polarisation worse , not better . 
  it 's not undemocratic , its just really really unconstructive/childish to do it that way . 
  but that 's how politics works . 
  they have the right to request a new referendum to try and get past decisions they disagree with changed/nullified , completely in line with democratic principles,
