  yeah problem is : i ride a racing bike so my tires are very very narrow ... 
  can confirm : study in groningen , crashed my bike 3 times today because of the snow . 
  such an awesome movie !, 
  lord of war for those that do n't know !, 
  do n't tell the old people on their electric bicycle 's though . . 
  or office space . 
  edit : i 'm dumb , your comment was a reference to office space itself, 
  shit i might have said similar things about the netherlands when i was 16 and i 'm as dutch as can be . 
  16 year olds are usually still very immature , do n't pin them down on it . 
  almost all media outlets and government agencies in those countries you mention seem quite reluctant endorsing these radical views imo . 
  usually you see it in places like universities and such , but have n't heard of any case of a government/major media outlet endorsing it . 
  that really depends on where you live though . 
  i agree that that 's the case in most of europe , but other parts of the world are n't that nice . 
  and no matter what breed of extremist you are ( be it islamic , christian , nazi , communist , donald duck for all i care ) , a sense of superiority is always very central in extremist views . 
  yes , i agree , but ruthlessly bombing those areas of the world year after year is n't going to help anyone in the long run . 
  neither us here in europe nor the people over in syria/iraq . 
  for the time being it is the best short term solution , but we also need to have goals for the long term trying to prevent it from rising up this badly again . 
  education of higher quality and diplomatic/political guidance would be a start . 
  of course that 's a bit overly optimistic but it 'd be the best thing to do . 
  when all you do is bombing them , it will bite you in the ass 10-20 years later as evidenced by the legacy of terrible governance the usa left behind in iraq . 
  now we 've got hundreds of thousands of refugees coming here to the eu to flee the war there ( not talking about the economical migrants now but legitimate wartime refugees ) . 
  a war which is for a large part caused by the earlier mentioned terrible governance and the subsequent power vaccuum it created . 
  and now we also get bigger terrorist attacks on eu soil . 
  partly because the americans were n't thorough enough trying to create a functional government in iraq , and partly because iraqi politicians could n't get their shit together . 
  now granted , their domestic politics are vastly different than ours in the west but there must be some way we can get them to move forward . 
  they need more than just an end to isis and islamic terrorism , they need to have fundamental changes in how they handle things domestically . 
  handling them other than through violence and intimidation . 
  romantic views for the future , i know , but i think optimism is better than cynisism in this instance . 
  out with the old ways , in with the new . 
  through cooperation rather than continuously bashing eachothers head in we can eventually prosper . 
  look how far we 've come here in europe the last century . 
  hardly any wars anymore and economies , societies and cooperation they could n't even dream just 75 years ago . 
  i do n't see why the middle east ca n't eventually reach the same point we 're at right now , but over the span of a lot of future decades . 
  maybe 150 years or so . 
  better to be late to the party than to never arrive right ? 
  yes , reality is more complex than what i just described but it 's a partial analysis of what 's going ( to go ) down and has gone down already . 
  not for reddit it is n't . 
  reddit loves its hyperbole, 
  yeah it is n't necessarily this particular bombing , it appears that the french pilots did their jobs as they should do , but more about future bombings . 
  it just gives isis ( or similar ) more mental ammunition to retaliate even further . 
  yeah exactly . 
  i am glad that isis is being hit hard but the amount of civilian casualties will only get worse when the bombing gets worse . 
  the civilians do n't ever deserve to die . 
  [ you sure do ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9ameru54co ) , at the 42 second mark into the clip . 
  translation : if you do n't like it here , piss off . 
  this was meant towards the charlie hebdo attackers . 
  dude , firstly : why post this as a comment in a thread about people/children commuting on bicycles ? 
  please make it a dedicated post or post on a europe meta subreddit . 
  secondly : how much do you think people give a shit ? 
  and thirdly : how is that linked website credible in any way ? 
  it was also banned two days ago , why make a fuss now ? 
  please , i agree that sometimes moderation can get a little weird here , this is n't unjustified banning by the mods . 
  h&k mosques : preaching precision lethal engineering since 1949, 
  oh okay , that is a bit of a difference between full blown illegal and grey . 
  hehe , `` untesticle '' , nice one . 
  that 's a very nice and thoughtful law , but i ca n't help but think that if the owner was already such an asshole trying to avoid paying taxes by employing illegals that , when caught , he 'll probably employ all of his illegal workers legally and subsequently fire them all after the whole scandal has quieted doen and just employ new illegals . 
  there 's probably many of them who want the job and only so many workplaces . 
  idk , could be me being pessimistic , just seems like something an asshole of a business owner would do . 
  well that would suck big time for me because that would reduce employment possibilities ... 
  yeah europe is n't the pinnacle of human civilization , but australia is n't either . 
  some parts may be worse , some parts may be better . 
  compared to the rest of the world however , they 're both doing pretty well for themselves when it comes to quality of life . 
  what / u/jtalin said is just an enormous exaggeration . 
  take it with a grain of salt . 
  problem is that a lot of people agree with wilders but they do not vote for him . 
  it 's the same situation as years ago when he was doing well in the polls but reality came up with a different picture . 
  why they do n't vote despite agreeing with him is up for debate . 
  some may think he 's too extreme , that he 's not fit to lead a country or that he 's undemocratic ( just look at how his party is run ) . 
  i do n't know why , it just always seems to go that way . 
  nevertheless i do expect him to gain some more seats next election , but i doubt that he 's going to be pm . 
  he 's also destroying any hopes of working together with other major parties in parliament because of how hostile he is towards nearly all of them . 
  just last week he said to roemer ( leader of socialist party ) that he and his party are making our country unsafe . 
  he does n't make any constructive arguments , he just makes a lot of noise . 
  [ source ] ( https://youtu.be/1xp9twiblrw?t=6m16s ), 
  that really depends on where in the eu you live . 
  yeah that 's recognizable , / r/thenetherlands is more left leaning than / r/europe as well although they were quite similarly left leaning until the whole immigrant issue . 
  haha , yeah it 's a bit hard to explain but it 's the ultimate expression of impatience and glutony when it comes to snacking . 
  which is all that snacking is really . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how so ? 
  i know that / r/thenetherlands is n't very representative of dutch youth in general either , but i wonder what the differences between / r/france and / r/thenetherlands are when it comes to their respective youths . 
  i love fries , i usually eat them once a week after a night out , although lately d\u00f6ner has been my go to late night snack . 
  fries are a classic of european snack culture though , a culture we 've got down to a tee . 
  what has pindasaus ever done wrong to you ? 
  it 's delicious if it 's made correctly , not the supermarket or snackbar shit . 
  surinamese or proper indonesian pindasaus is awesome and deliciously tasty . 
  and if we like it crunchy we 'll eat kroket , or if we like it long and crunchy we 'll take viandel/kipcorn , or if we like it ribbed for our pleasure we eat a mexicano . 
  so much to choose , so much to suck on . 
  yeah that 'll hurt you , or kill you if you do it long enough . 
  180 to 220 mg pills are n't unusual anymore either for the die hard ravers . 
  there 's actually still quite an active and fanatical community for it on pc with huge amounts of mods ( currently they have planes like mig-21s and f-4 phantoms but are working on things like f/a -18 s ) and maps available for free now . 
  a lot of it is on sas1946.com in one absolutely gigantic mod pack ( something like 10 gb compressed ) called dark blue world . 
  there 's a lot of extra 's available for it as well , released after dbw 's latest/final version . 
  ( i 'm still seeding it after 2 years of hardly playing it :p ) . 
  that 's the planes like the mig-21 i was talking about . 
  the original game is very cheap on steam now too , something like $ 10 iirc . 
  only expensive thing you 'd have to buy to play to play what is now an absolutely fantastic game is a halfway decent joystick , about $ 50 i reccon . 
  yup , he could n't have chose a less apt colour for this comment :p . i used to love flying those pink reconaissance spitfires back in my il-2 1946 days !, 
  look , you may be new here , but / r/europe is where many top minds collaborate , and routinely outsmart the most well funded , well equipped and diabolical organizations on earth . 
  how do we do it ? 
  top thinkers , experts on every field , unparalleled investigative skills and fearlessness .
