i 'm more than willing to believe what you say is true mate , my comment was only meant as a hypothetical scenario . 
  it was mostly boredom and to pass away the time during the trainride home . 
  to be perfectly honest with you i know next to nothing about how politics/diplomacy works in african nations , or how incredibly diverse the political , diplomatic and ethnic landscape really is among african nations . 
  and while i 'd love to go there i 've never been to africa ( or been exposed to its politics ) , so take what i said with a grain of salt . 
  i mean in my comment i made sweeping generalizations about the whole of africa , completely ignorant of the inner workings of the countries/tribes . 
  maybe i should dive into the subject of politics in africa some time , ca n't hurt being more aware of how politics work anywhere really . 
  i never said we should form the narrative , only that we could , because i agree it will do more harm than good for eu-chinese relations . 
  it would be an economic disaster . 
  the logical narrative to construct around ourselves would be as a viable alternative to chinese investment . 
  it does n't make china into any sort of boogeyman , just a competitor . 
  china would probably tell us to keep our nose out of their business but we could rightfully argue that we both have as much right to invest in africa . 
  you say its rampant but criminal activities have steadily declined over the past decade ( and more ) . 
  you could form a narrartive around a new red scare though , since china heavily invests in africa with influence and resources in return . 
  i do n't see why the eu should n't do the same , we already have the advantage of geographic proximity , lots of people speak french and english there , minorities of portugese and spanish speakers . 
  we just should n't give the money directly to their governments , it would be lost forever . 
  just create jobs in infrastructure , health care , education , farming etc directly . 
  you could do this in multiple ways . 
  the resources in exchange should make up for the investments made . 
  maybe purposefully make initial losses as an eu to gain the trust of africans , to show we 're not complete greedy bastards . 
  though i suspect the memories of european colonialism has left a bitter taste that remains present among many africans , china does n't really have a similar reputation among africans i think . 
  we should n't make the same mistakes of the past , like in namibia , the congo , rhodesia/zimbabwe and south africa . 
  could probably add lots more to that list . 
  there must be a way to show africans that this time we come as investors not as oppressors , whatever investments benefit their countries/communities will in turn benefit ours . 
  it ca n't be a one way street again , it should be symbiotic this time . 
  you 're right , i do n't know that either . 
  it will take him at least 3 years though . 
  i read an article 1 or 2 days ago that mentioned that since it has already been ratified it 's legally only up for deratification ( is that the right word ? 
  idk ) 3 years after it has been ratified . 
  it was ratified in the us [ on 3 september . 
  ] ( http://unfccc.int/paris_agreement/items/9444.php ) or maybe its 4 years :  the international law requirements are somewhat complicated . 
  one of the reasons obama helped usher the deal into force early this year is because that meant that any country that was a party to the agreement could n't leave until it completed a four-year withdrawal process . 
  source : https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/could-trump-simply-withdraw-u-s-from-paris-climate-agreement/ anyway , he will not be able to do so legally anytime soon , but he could/will undoubtedlyfind a way to ignore it . 
  but if he does ignore it i expect there to be enormous class action lawsuits against his administration/us government , not nearly familiar enough with us law to say whether you can use such a lawsuit against the us government though . 
  it took all my knowledge of french and spanish and a lot of guesswork to get the gist of it . 
  it 's really cool he did that , nothing wrong with having a bit of fun like that . 
  this is fantastic , too bad i do n't know latin to express my opinion . 
  drugs are n't the devil they 've been made to be for a long time . 
  depending on what you use , using drugs every once in a while is a very enjoyable and memorable way to have a great time with friends . 
  do your research on how to use them safely , and find a dealer you think you can trust . 
  same as buying a car really , just illegal ones . 
  there are a lot of really helpful websites with a lot of information about safe use and side effects of almost every drug known to man . 
  i 've used all sorts of drugs on dozens of occasions and only once had a really nasty experience with them , which was also the only time i got them from a random guy at that party . 
  almost every party on drugs i 've had is more memorable than any night out on alcohol , not that alcohol is n't fun though ( its great ) , drugs just provide a whole different sort of joy . 
  i feel surrounded by a sea of red, 
  how about dabbing culture though , how does that translate to german ? 
  yes , and now you 've got me all tingly inside . 
  patato news blog , why does this even exist ? 
  the girls are hot though , especially the one with the hat imo . 
  what do you mean with old eu ? 
  [ as is tradition ] ( https://youtu.be/37ihswa1swe ), 
  yeah both are a problem here , but temperatures rarely dip below -5 c in winter for long periods of time here ( nowadays at least ) and does n't go above 30 c in summer all that much . 
  because of that , large windows are n't as bad for heat management in the netherlands as it would be , like you said , in greece with keeping things cool in summer or in finland to keep things warm in winter . 
  from what i know dutch people like to have large windows , a moderate sea climate allows you to do that i guess . 
  where i 'm at ( groningen ) it 's about 17 c today with hardly any clouds , getting a bit of sunshine in with a moderate temperature like that is really nice imo . 
  reading a book while sitting in an open window with a bit of sun in your face is very enjoyable if it is n't very hot outside , such as today . 
  maybe my thermostat is just broken then , because right now its only on or off . 
  seems like i 'll have to buy a new one then , a better one this time . 
  yeah i know , i should buy one some time this winter but i have n't really had to use my radiator since may or so . 
  my apartment gets pretty hot as is because my enormous windows face in a west-southwest direction and light shines in from ~ 14:00 till sundown or so . 
  no kidding all 3 of my windows are like 3 meters high and 1 meter wide a piece , 1890 's architecture and construction materials aka a shitton of solid bricks does n't help keeping things cool around here either . 
  it 's a nice looking house , being 120 years old and all , its design just has n't required me buying a new knob so far because it seems heat management was n't a thing back then . 
  tl ; dr : i do n't need a new knob yet because i live in an antique and fancy sweatbox . 
  honestly did not know that , i stand corrected . 
  do you perhaps know why you usually have both a dial/screen you can set a temp on and these knobs in the same house often even room ? 
  that seems overly complex to me . 
  are n't they just flow regulators aka a knob ? 
  thermostat is where you set your prefered temp , the knob is for individual adjustment in any room/area with a radiator is what i thought . 
  afaik a thermostat actively/passively regulates temperature ( depends on system design and requirements ) by switching either the boiler and/or the radiators of , the knob is just to set a maximum amount of flow through an individual radiator . 
  oh you would n't believe , the corporate maffia that is the thermostat industry has bribed almost all local , national and european politicians so they will never speak out . 
  it 's a goddamn travesty that they can sell their shitty made thermostats for ridiculous prices ( you 'd at least expect them to be made in europe but no got ta make profits by having them made in china ) but the game is rigged against all those who want to enjoy a nice and comfortable temperature in our homes . 
  and do n't even get me started about the gardenhose cartels , those guys are absolutely mental . 
  you would n't believe what they did to my dog man ... netherlands : 21 % vat ( or btw as it 's called here ) on almost all goods , 6 % btw on essential items such as basic food and essential hygene products . 
  iirc there 's some weird exceptions like menstrual hygiene products such as pads or tampons where you pay 21 % btw despite being an essential hygene item for women , idk whether i 'm right about that because i do n't have a vagina . 
  a friend told me some time ago . 
  it 's a cheap alternative to installing thermostats in every room . 
  just do it yourself , its not that much effort . 
  it certainly does have disadvantages , mine is all fucked up and is either fully on or fully off so a thermostat would be nice because then i would n't have to adjust the goddamn thing every 10 minutes or so . 
  if it works properly though , it does just fine . 
  i believe there are kits you can buy to replace the knob with a selfadjusting thermostat . 
  edit : / u/communal [ corrected me ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/553gj2/stupid_american_here_how_do_i_use_this_thing/d87d38w ) it appears they do regulate temperature . 
  i will build a great firewall -- and nobody builds firewalls better than me , believe me -- and i 'll build them very inexpensively . 
  i will build a great , great firewall on our atlantic submarine internet cables , and i will make mexico pay for that firewall . 
  mark my words . 
  mega : make europe great again, 
  they took er jerbs !, 
  and it 'd give us the chance to finally have a dutchman as king of a spanish speaking country . 
  roles changed albeit 4 centuries late . 
  no not the mexican turks !, 
  the taco kebab fusion would cause everyone 's taste buds to go into orbit out of sheer excitement !, 
  i live next to a large international student home in groningen and always hear a ton of spanish being spoken . 
  perhaps rodrigo is my neighbour ... or knows some of them . 
  yeah you 're right staten-generaal means parliament but on this particular occasion it should indeed have been 2nd chamber of parliament . 
  votes in the senate hardly ever get any media attention at all so you might as well call the 2nd chamber de-facto staten-generaal because for the amount of laws passed by the 2nd chamber less than 1 % of them have been blocked by the senate during both rutte 's times as minister-president . 
  in fact it 's worse than that , it 's only 11/1251 laws . 
  combined total of 11 laws rejected by the senate during rutte i [ 1 ] , rutte ii [ 2 ] and 1251 laws total voted on by the senate [ 3 ] during rutte i+ii ( 2016 not counted ) . 
  pretty few rejections if you ask me , only 0,879 % of all laws are rejected . 
  because 2e kamer = / = staten-generaal . 
  that 's the name for both chambers of representatives combined . 
  and were just going to become even swampier than we used to . 
  polder all the things !,
