  i would trust a top comment here over pretty much any news source , especially a mainstream source , any day . 
  not being violent or whatever is just common courtesy and expected . 
  it 's something separate of integration ( although being violent does hinder your chances of ultimately integrating of course ) . 
  you ca n't expect them to immediately understand why we do things the way we do . 
  you ca n't expect them to know it all either . 
  they should accept that we do these things though . 
  yeah that statistic by / u/pushkalo was n't even close to true , but citizens of moroccan descent are more likely to be suspected of being involved in violent crime . 
  note that i used suspected , because that 's the word my source below used . 
  it 's the first source i could find . 
  it 's an older government source but it works out . 
  `` the odds for people from moroccan , aruban and antillians descent ( 1st younger generation ) to be suspected of commiting crime is more than 3 times higher than for natives . 
  when the analyses is narrowed down to violent crime the odds become 3,5 times more likely to be suspected compared to natives . '', 
  sorry for any bad translations . 
  heh , you should look into dutch gun laws once , you 'll wonder how anyone in this country is allowed to own one let alone shoot one . 
  the wikipedia article about [ islam and science ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_and_science ) does a nice job explaining it i think . 
  it links to some of the relevant scientific fields i mentioned and the history islamic scientists had in it in the middle ages . 
  [ this is more in depth about science in medieval islam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/science_in_medieval_islam ) funnily enough a lot of research and discoveries were done for religious as well as practical reasons . 
  but they have been very valuable nonetheless , algebra today for example would n't be the same without the arabic mathematicians back then . 
  their knowledge of the human anatomy and physiology for example was also more advanced than that of europeans . 
  it 's known as the islamic golden age . 
  and sure you are allowed to think their religion is medieval , does n't do away with the fact that they have in fact done a lot for science and its advancement hundreds of years ago . 
  it 's really sad when you consider that at one point science and it 's discoveries in islamic countries was way ahead of science in european countries . 
  mathematics , medicine , physics and chemistry come to mind . 
  astronomy and maybe cartography as well . 
  who knows , maybe we would still be using roman numerals if it were n't for the more convenient arabic numbers . 
  it 's insane how that has taken such a massive turn for the worst some centuries ( ! ), 
  ago and not recovered . 
  no that 's where it 's secretly all from , but they do n't want the bad influences inside their own country so they banned homosexual propaganda . 
  i 'd like to shoot guns ( particularly lever and bolt action rifles ) some day , but actually own them no . 
  it serves no purpose here other than scaring your neighbours . 
  but fuck yeah freedom n guns woohoo !, 
  they actually just released the new `` bicuriosity '' probe which confirms year long suspicions that the international homosexual conspiracy is trying to turn us all gay . 
  i can no longer sit back and allow homosexual infiltration , homosexual indoctrination , homosexual subversion and the international homosexual conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids . 
  we must all wear tin foil hats and drink pure grain alcohol to prevent us from becomming one of them . 
  spoken like a true 2nd amendment loving ` murican :p, 
  talking about the netherlands , i guess it depends where you 're from in belgium but i would n't know about luxemburg . 
  yeah but we are n't culturally tied closer to the french rather than the danes . 
  yes you are right that belgium and luxemburg are very close to us . 
  poe 's law strikes again i guess, 
   they are here . 
  they are bitching about the abuse by american soldiers , not the liberation . 
  you can be happy about one thing and angry about another you know , people are n't binary . 
   just the americans , where is the discussion of the other armies ? 
  you 're american , this clip focusses on americans , therefore i focus on americans . 
  not because i dislike you , but because it is relevant to the thread . 
  no doubt other armies raped and abused foreign people , just look at what the russians did to berlin . 
  i also said : ` armies the world over ' , i do n't single out americans to shit on america 's army and its conduct , but out of convenience considering this video and thread . 
   apparently not as we can see from this random daliymotion video . 
  so one dailymotion video with a low amount of views speaks for the entire nation of france ? 
  again , people are n't binary . 
  execution is just a form of state sanctioned murder ... iirc in america , inmates who are executed will have ` murder ' as cause of death on their death certificate . 
  nor do most french people spend a lot of time talking about how evil the americans were for liberating them . 
  of course the american army did bad shit in france , armies the world over seem rather prone to abusing people in foreign countries . 
  it 's still happening to this day , just like it happened in the past , and that should n't be deemed acceptable by anyone for obvious reasons . 
  that does n't mean that the french are n't grateful for their liberation by the allies , because they are . 
  the grievances against us soldiers by french people who were abused will probably be drowned out by the vast majority of french people who like you for liberating them . 
  as cruel as it may be , the liberation of millions outweighs the abuse of thousand but it does not excuse them in the slightest , nor absolves those us soldiers involved ( and their superiors who did n't care ) of their crimes against the people of france . 
  now that you mention it , the french and spanish should have stayed out and left you to british colonization . 
  the people get the government they deserve . 
  that 's basically how hollow your argument is . . 
  are you seriously gon na equate war criminals and high ranking members of a genocidal political party to immigrants , whether illegal or legal ? 
  its not related to turkey but since you mentioned africa i kinda want to drop [ this john oliver interview ] ( https://youtu.be/g2w41pvvzs0 ) . 
  love or hate john oliver , the ugandan gay man who 's being interviewed , pepe julian onziema , is an absolute hero in the interview and oliver is n't nearly as obnoxious in the interview as he can sometimes be . 
  really great discussion as well . 
  if you want to skip john oliver presenting the issue just skip to 13:35 for the first few minutes of the interview , there 's a link to the extended interview in the description and suggested videos somewhere . 
  honestly , that onziema guy is more badass than i 'll ever hope to be , it takes some serious balls to do gay rights activism in african countries , and uganda in particular . 
  seems like an great guy too , extremely commited and caring for his cause and cold as ice if you watch the interview ugandan tv had with him ( its seriously insane how well he manages to keep his cool ) . 
  jesus christ what an absolute monster of a person . 
  i almost feel guilty reading that . 
  holy shit he was evil . 
  not directly no , but it comes across as heavily implied though . 
  london buttplug , meet [ kabouter buttplug , rotterdam ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/everystockphoto/fspid30/15/59/63/3/kabouter-beeld-kerstboom-1559633-o.jpg ), 
  aaand now i 'm curious what it means . . 
  hanging people for vandalizing a piece of ancient art is justifiable to you ? 
  dude just stop and think for a moment . 
  you want kids to go through all these things just because they damaged a 5000 year old carving . 
  in all likelihood none of us topped the things these dumb kids did when we were young ourselves but we all did stupid shit when we were young , does n't mean they have to pay for it for the most important half of their life for fucks sake . 
  they should be punished for it , but they should be punished as juveniles and according to law . 
  not the kind of vengeance you want to inflict on them for fucking up a small piece of rock . 
  10 cm would wreck any road car 's suspension immediately . . that 's almost the height of a curb ( usually 12 cm in the netherlands iirc ) . 
  even a wrc car would probably get wrecked in an instant bumping into that at highway speeds and they 're made to stand up to lots of abuse . . 
   nice attitude when dealing with tax payers money . 
  glad you 're not the one managing it . 
  it 's not that i do not care about the tax payer 's money or how it 's spent , the money it will raise by selling it will save the average eu citizen what ? 
  5 cents maximum per year ? 
  that 's very little when you consider that the same 5 cents could also be used to run , maintain , conduct research and give lectures at said university . 
   you speak as if it would be the first and only university in europe . 
  it would n't be , but you have to start with something right ? 
  if you sell this building and later on build a university elsewhere you 'd have wasted lots of time , money and a fantastic potential location/building . 
  how is that not a waste of tax payer money ? 
  using what we already have seems like a sensible choice imo ...  i disagree , there 's nothing noble about squandering tax money for prestigeous projects , we 're not in sochi here . 
  okay i 'm afraid we have a fundamental disagreement here . 
  a modern olympic venue is hardly used after it 's constructed , whereas this building has been constructed already but would most likely need modifications for its new purpose . 
  far cheaper than either an olympic venue or a new university from scratch . 
  so modifying this building instead of creating a new university would cost you less so you 'd squander less tax payer money . 
  on top of that , the knowledge amassed at a university is not only eternal , it 's also useful for future generations in all kinds of ways . 
  we just do n't know how yet but it will be . 
  yeah they 're both prestige projects in some form , but what is wrong with showing the world the fruits of our intellectual labour ? 
  it serves more than just one function . 
  an olympic venue and a university simply are n't comparable when it comes to their worth .
