  binary fission probably, 
  that 's like hundreds of steps after the eu has seized to exist, 
  that last guy though, 
   you and thousands of others , young padawan ftfy, 
  holy shit this is my former neighbourhood , i lived right round the corner near the church !, 
  / r/latestagecapitalism, 
  download alientube add on , it will load reddit comments for a yt video if it has been posted here before . 
  it has its flaws but really improves the yt experience, 
  that youtube account has some very disturbing content ... 
  they targeted donald duck ? 
  assemble the army !, 
  that sounds really similar to how foreign students get extorted on the housing market here actually . 
  landlords notoriously overprice housing for exchange students , at least in the major student cities . 
  they simply get away with it because the students do n't know any better and usually do n't have any other options . 
  yes please do go to rotterdam !, 
  its a fantastic and vibrant city , and still affordable compared to the other large cities in the netherlands . 
  its also become way more popular with tourists the last few years , it 's a great alternative to amsterdam . 
  i do recommend that you find a place to live north of the river maas , it 's a bit more expensive but the areas south of the maas have higher crime rates . 
  rotterdam has been the city with the highest crime rates in the netherlands for a long time , but crime rates have continued falling for at least the last decade . 
  a side effect of it is that the rotterdam police force provides some spectacular footage : https://www.youtube.com/user/politierroost, 
  yeah finding a job as a non dutch speaker is far easier in rotterdam and amsterdam compared to much of the rest of the netherlands . 
  amsterdam is a great city but it 's very expensive , rotterdam is a very modern city ( nazis bombed it in 1940 ) but it 's getting more and more popular both domestically and internationally . 
  housing is far more affordable in rotterdam , even when you 're not too far from the city centre . 
  personally i 'd choose rotterdam but i 'm very biased because i used to live there and absolutely love rotterdam 's culture and its people . 
  best not to take advice from me about that hahaha . 
  no problem !, 
  feel free to ask any questions in the future !, 
  i 'll be glad to help !, 
  i do n't know any recent portugese immigrants here ( apart from one who has lived here for 30 years or so ) however i do know that there 's been a relatively large influx of higher educated immigrants from spain ( my current dentist is spanish actually ) , they seem to have no problem integrating into our society . 
  i do n't think it should be any different for portugese immigrants . 
  i do n't know what kind of work you do , some fields are more eager to hire foreigners than others . 
  from what i 've read on / r/thenetherlands companies in fields such as it generally prefer dutch speaking workers . 
   poorer people should also be able to access affordable or free health services . 
  tax increase might be a trade-off for it but general wellbeing and welfare of the population is something a government should seek . 
  that is pretty much my exact opinion as well . 
  you should n't have to fear for your health if you 're poor . 
   but not everything is a sea of roses . 
  while the health service is usually free or cheap , and actually quite good , you 're bound to priority queues which can be long , or life threatening if your condition is not diagnosed correctly . 
  this does n't happen often but it does happen sometimes . 
  you 'll generally be able to see a gp on the same or following day in the netherlands . 
  a specialist like a cardiologist obviously takes a bit longer to schedule an appointment with . 
  there are some things that are n't covered in most basic insurance plans , such as dental healthcare if you 're over 18 or birth control if the woman is over 21 ( though this has been criticized ) . 
  so i think that it 's pretty similar to portugal , perhaps you do n't have to wait as long here to see a specialist , if i understood you correctly at least . 
  general info in english : https://www.government.nl/topics/health-insurance/contents/standard-health-insurance this provides a detailed description of coverage with a basic insurance plan , and whether you have to pay eigen risico or copay part of the treatment ( could n't find an english version unfortunately ) : https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/onderwerpen/zorgverzekering/vraag-en-antwoord/wat-zit-er-in-het-basispakket-van-de-zorgverzekering wikipedia does a better job than i could ever hope to do : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/healthcare_in_the_netherlands, 
  ahw i fell for it . 
  oh well , at least i learned something new about dutch , german and frisian languages today . . 
  no , old dutch and plattdeutsch/low german/nederduits are not the same . 
  they 're closely related but old dutch like this is generally the form of dutch from north or south holland whereas nederduits is spoken in the ( north - ) eastern parts of the netherlands . 
  ( old ) dutch is a franconian language while low german is an ingvaeonic language . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/low_german https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_dutch, 
  i strongly disagree with their treatment of illegal immigrants . 
  i can understand the reasons why they do not want illegal immigants but i find their treatment of those that do immigrate illegally to be inhumane . 
  i also completely disagree with their environmental policies when it comes to climate change , which basically gives mining and other very polluting industries free reign to dump their waste water in the ocean , which has caused the great barrier reef to come closer and closer to extinction . 
  this climate change change policy is especially egregious when you consider that australia has some of the highest incidence rates of skin cancer in the world . 
  allowing industry to continue to harm the environment is only going to make that worse . 
  there 's more i ca n't think of right now, 
  thank you for updating your comment !, 
  sounds like portugal has a comprehensive policy when it comes to vaccination . 
  in the netherlands you have have health insurance by law , and its become more and more privatized over the last few years as the population grows older therefore annually increasing expenses . 
  so it is a mix between private and public insurance . 
  many parts of healthcare costs are still paid by the government but insurance is private . 
  right now we have to pay a maximum of $ 385 annually if we have to visit a medical professional ( this is called eigen risico : personal risk ) , but only for certain reasons ( emergency room visits for example ) . 
  with the elections in two days in mind its kinda like this : right wing parties are in favor of more privatization and most left wing parties want to decrease privatization ( only the socialist party wants complete public healthcare afaik ) . 
  the left wing parties argue that the eigen risico is a ` fine/penalty for being sick ' and that it restricts poor people from seeking urgent medical care when they need it . 
  right wing parties argue that the eigen risico is a necessary evil in order not to raise taxes or make insurance premiums go up . 
  there 's something to say for both of them , on one hand people obviously dont want to see their taxes or insurance premiums to go up , while on the other hand it often restricts people from going to the doctor because they ca n't afford it . 
  i tend to agree with the left leaning parties because i think it makes poorer people not see a medical professional when they really need it . 
  i tried to keep it neutral , hope i did an okay job . 
  others undoubtedly know far more than i do about healthcare policy , it is n't something i have to deal with all that often . 
  no you 're not ` retarded ' for forgetting about it , many people never get their shots updated . 
  i do n't mean to sound all preachy here , but with all due respect please do n't call yourself ( or anyone else for that matter ) retarded , it 's a poor choice of words imo . 
  it can be interpreted as demeaning to people with intellectual disabilities . 
  seems that portugese policy is pretty much the same as here in the netherlands . 
  they 're free for children but updated shots ( except flu vaccines ) for travelling etc comes with a small fee . 
  i think that australia has the best approach to that with their ` no jab , no pay ' policy . 
  it 's probably the only thing i agree on with the australian liberal government . 
  you 're still free not to vaccinate your child , but if you choose not to vaccinate them you should n't expect the government to provide certain services . 
  your choice poses an unnecessary health risk for other children , a government is under no obligation to threaten the public health . 
  your freedom of choice is not paramount to the health of others . 
  yes , please do !, 
  tetanus is a horrible disease , getting vaccinated is beneficial for everyone . 
  i do n't know whether portugal provides free/affordable and easy access to vaccines for previously vaccinated adults , but just fyi you might want to check whether any other vaccines require revaccination as well . 
  you can never be too sure . 
  [ kieskompas indicates this as well ] ( https://www.kieskompas.nl/nl/#/result/compass ), 
  no it usually is n't , personally i think that istanbul is somewhat of an exception to that . 
  i guess the reason they added turkey in those posters is because they were ideologically opposed to the soviet union/warsaw pact nations , just like the other countries in the posters . 
  bicycle countries unite, 
  most of us in the netherlands do not care as much about our flag as other places . 
  that 's not to say that we do n't care at all about our flag , just not nearly as much as many other countries . 
  we like to dress in orange and/or red , white and blue when it 's king 's day or when there 's speed skating/soccer but that 's pretty much it really . 
  i agree that it 's disrespectful but it 's not like there will be all that many hurt feelings here . 
  provincial ( or sometimes city ) flags are important to some people , depending on where they 're from , such as frysl\u00e2n , groningen , noord-brabant , zeeland and limburg . 
  though i think that this most prevalent in frysl\u00e2n , they have a distinct history and their own language and are very proud of it ( i should know , i used to live there ) . 
  i think that many provincial and city/municipal are far more interesting than our national flag : https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/lijst_van_vlaggen_van_nederlandse_gemeenten ( the flags of new municipalities tend to suck tho , historical flags rock ), 
  too bad we have some of the largest natural gas reserves in mainland europe , glorious groningen clay provides us with the gas we need . 
  this is hilarious for some reason , must be the healthiest protest ever, 
  idk why you 're angry at me , i just wanted to point out that a movement does n't equal society . 
  i was n't attacking you , i 'm not trying to downplay the strike 's significance and ca n't really see why you think i am being revisionist . 
  yes , i could undoubtedly learn a lot more about this subject but your response is n't all that encouraging . 
  that does n't make me a revisionist though , just unfamiliar with the subject .
