  last week i stepped into my local jumbo and those suits were all over the place , going to ah until the suits are gone . 
  i voted this morning and even though i went with some of my roommates , the place was deserted . 
  we were the first ( at 10 am ) to come in and vote that day . 
  i think it 'll be busier after dinner , the weather is n't bad so that ca n't be an excuse . 
  what astounded me was that this is a voting office where a lot of people pass by ( opposite delft cs ) . 
  the 5 of us voted d66 ( 3 , including me ) and vvd ( 2 ) . 
  what did you vote ? 
  just curious, 
  idk i 've met some pretty angry upper middle class adolescents/young adults but yeah i 'd say that overall poor people are probably more inclined to be angrier because of their situation than middle class people . 
  no it absolutely is n't surprising . 
  when i did a year of mechanical engineering i had to visit a company dedicated to building machines used in agriculture ( mostly machines to put seeds into the ground ) . 
  the boss quite honesy admitted that they try to cheat regulations as cleverly as possible because if they did n't they would lose their profits to competitors . 
  i absolutely hated the sound of it all . 
  luckily i no longer study mechanical engineering but for other reasons than above . 
  the exhaust thing is n't that bad imo , there are n't many people who can buy a sportscar and if they do n't like the sound of it they 're the type of people who will buy an aftermarket exhaust ( akrapovi\u010d for example ) anyway . 
  the emissions thing is the bad part . 
  and my opinion of vag is now even worse than before . 
  they should ask our army for tactical bicycling tips , [ we 've got years of experience biking our soldiers around ] ( http://www.benvanhelden.nl/condorclub/fiets/holland/wielrijdes1930.jpg ), 
  not when you remember what happened last month when someone locked himself inside a toilet on board the same train . . 
  or maybe it is because of what happened in a thalys train only a month ago and do n't want to take any risks . 
  no that was the teacher that told him he better not show it to other teachers ( he probably already suspected that could be a possible reaction from other teachers ) . 
  he showed it to another teacher despite what the engineering teacher said and it led to the whole arrest and all . 
  also , it 's retarded that if you think it 's a bomb you do not evecuate the school or at least the classroom . 
  eh most people still do n't agree with wilders as far as i know . 
  i 'd say that wilders ( and / r/europe ) are more anti immigration than the average citizen . 
  wilders is a right wing populist with some left leaning ideas . 
  he 's perfect in an opposition situation . 
  asking tough questions and generally being a hard guy to deal with . 
  i do have large doubts about him being a capable leader though . 
  i think that of he gets elected as prime minister all kinds of hell would break loose . 
  i still do n't agree with him though . 
  me neither , especially since dolphins are very intelligent . 
  they may be the most intelligent sea life we know of ( idk about other species of sea mammals ), 
  every circus i see around here ( friesland and groningen province ) has hardly any spectators . 
  maybe the first night or nights that they 'll have some more but they 're usually empty . 
  i ride motorcyles . 
  i do n't even want to know the massive odds of me dying in a motorcycle crash versus being killed by terrorists . 
  must be like 5000:1 if not more . 
  we 're talking civil war here , not nation vs. nation . 
  fighting in a civil war is a whole different thing . 
  he quite literally said that he wants to pay his host country ( germany ) back any way he can and that currently he is an apprentice at a carpenter . 
  and 9 months is n't a very long time to be on benefits . 
  everyone knows sliced pizza is for savages and that fork and knife is the only proper way . 
  the pinacle of german reliability were late 80 's / early 90 's mercedes diesel engines . 
  no power but will take you everywhere no problem . 
  at least that 's been my experience with them , my dad had one and drove more than 600k km in one before he decided that he needed a new car . 
  only major thing that ever needed replacement was the exhaust and fuel lines . 
  thats it, 
  you have to eat kroket or frikandel at least weekly , the only candy allowed is drop or stroopwafel ( which everyone loves anyway ) , at birthdays you will sit in a circle and eat tompouce from hema or bosche bol , or maybe a vlaai if you 're in limburg . 
  want a drink ? 
  drink a hertog jan pilsner ( really the only ok quality supermarket pilsner ) or go for one of the many craft beers we have . 
  want something stronger ? 
  drink some jenever , the original gin or have some beerenburg , kinda like j\u00e4germeister but better . 
  those kroketten and frikandellen will taste infinitely better with alcohol . 
  we just love deep fried food !, 
  want some food ? 
  let 's make hutspot , boerenkool , rodekool or any old stamppot . 
  if you 're feeling exotic why not go to an indonesian or surinamese restaurant you can find in many towns . 
  for lunch there 's the obvious bread with butter and hagelslag , or when you 're in friesland maybe a slice of suikerbrood with butter on the side . 
  you go to the albert heijn or jumbo supermarket by bicycle and put all your groceries in those classic bags hanging from your bike . 
  most of us kinda like our king and queen mostly because they could be your neighbours if you did n't know otherwise . 
  i 'll just leave dutch television and film for what it is . 
  frisian language best germanic language !, 
  go a little outside the tourist spots and you 'll find a lot of bars dedicated to belgian beers and most of them carry dutch craft beers as well . 
  just behind the palace on dam square is one of the largest craft beer stores in the netherlands as well ( de bierkoning ) . 
  and our standard issue rifles are , surprisingly , canadian !, 
  but heavily based on the m-16 and m-4 platform though . 
  university students are the same all over the world where alcohol is n't banned . 
  australian university drinking culture is weird too , with their ` goon ' and whatnot . 
  maybe he does n't disrespect the law because he wants to have a better life , but he sure is breaking the law . 
  i also felt like being in a bit of a ` warzone ' last year in belfast . 
  it 's a nice city with very nice people ( that accent though . . ) but you do kinda feel/notice that it has seen very rough times in the past and probably still does . 
  [ these ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/travel/pix/pictures/2013/6/17/1371493279814/g8-summit-armed-police-on-008.jpg ) police cars scared me quite a bit every time i saw one . 
  not something i 'm used to seeing . 
  god i loved ireland and the irish . 
  i should try that publife next time though !, 
  i absolutely agree with the principle behind it , and i also agree that it should be able to be broadcasted and that muhammad should be able to be drawn in whatever way you want as an artist . 
  yet , seeing his face and hearing his voice along with this clip seems to make it even more political than it already is/was . 
  the idea is great , and applaudable because free speech fucking rock , that 's why this clip is great , but i know that he 'd like to make extremely provocative clips if possible . 
  he 's shown himself to be a racist before ... 
  yeah the word sheeple has been beaten to death by proper loonies , so it does n't have any real value anymore . 
  other than degrading your own arguments because of using it . 
  same goes for the word shill which is being used against everyone the hivemind disagrees with . 
  one contrary opinion in / r/conspiracy and you 're almost free game to be branded a shill , it 's childish and detrimental towards all serious discussion . 
  shills exist , but they are n't nearly as prevalent as some / r/conspiracy users seem to think they are . 
  because you 'll still need fats and sugars for multiple reasons . 
  excreting all of them would leave you vulnerable to multiple issues/disseases . 
  like most things regarding nutrition : moderation is key . 
  see , you had me until companies . 
  til that the estonian army is secretly american . 
  lemmer is probably 50/50 dutch/german in summer . 
  wow sounds like an awesome game !, 
  my father came up with a weird one to spice things up : add shoarma instead of rookworst . 
  it 's great because now you have andijviestamppot ( which i do not like ) with spicy meat ( which i do like ) . 
  kringzitten stroopwafel willy clogs bicycle, 
  okay i used the wrong formulation , i meant that the liberals ( ie democrats ) are the leftist choice to make in the us . 
  sure there are independents but those are few and far between on at least the national political stage ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  it pretty much does in the us because of their largely one dimensional political divide . 
  yeah but leftism = / = liberalism in europe . 
  big banks investing in big investments , what else is new ?
