  yeah but i absolutely do not see how it infringes on the democratic process , you just do n't have a second referendum . 
  how is a democratically elected party who wants to undo the effects of a referendum held before they were elected undemocratic ? 
  retroactively undoing an earlier democratic choice by ways of a later democratic choice is about as democratic as it 's going to get to me . 
  why is the doing of elected representatives who have been elected to do their job by undoing the referendum an undemocratic process ? 
  i seriously do n't see it . 
  it 's completely mad to have to do it like that but it does n't ruin any democratic principles . . 
  is n't that also a form of democracy tho ? 
  undoing a previous democratic choice ( referendum ) by ways of a later democratic choice ( elections ) ? 
  if anything its the most democratic way to avoid the actual separation of the uk from the eu . 
  from what i can gather its unlikely they 'll get a majority tho , so wo n't happen , at least not from their doing . 
  i do n't see how its undemocratic . 
  is n't that also a form of democracy tho ? 
  undoing a previous democratic choice ( referendum ) by ways of a later democratic choice ( elections ) ? 
  if anything its the most democratic way to avoid the actual separation of the uk from the eu . 
  from what i can gather its unlikely they 'll get a majority tho , so wo n't happen , at least not from their doing . 
  nah they 've become illegal bookies now, 
  we have ritalin , which works just as well just not as long . 
  eh i love to bash on america as well but american legislation does n't go nearly as far as this does . 
  the patriot act and what the nsa are doing is horrible , but these new russian initiatives are far worse . 
  exactly , everyone is crying about radical islamic terrorism while completely neglecting the actual threat that is mayonnaise . 
  i can no longer sit back and allow mayonnaise infiltration , mayonnaise indoctrination , mayonnaise subversion and the international francophone mayonnaise conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious potato snacks . 
  you know when francophone mayonnaise infiltration first began thetonn ? 
  how does that coincide with your post-war francophone mayonnaise conspiracy huh ? 
  a foreign substance is introduced into our precious potato snacks without the knowledge of the individual . 
  certainly without any choice . 
  thats the way your hardcore francophone mayonnaise conspirator works . 
  mayonnaisation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous francophone mayonnaise plot we have ever had to face . 
  exactly why you should try and beat some sense into those barbarians !, 
  we 've been trying for centuries but it still has n't worked !, 
  great to see things like this !, 
  why do n't you guys settle your differences in belgium or northern france for old times sake ? 
  the will be so much nostalgia that it will almost kill you !, 
  we 'll try and mend belgium afterwards . 
  you can talk to me about genetics in complex terms because i study biomedicine and while i know thats not genetics specifically , genetics is a very ( very ! ), 
  big deal in my field so i can argue about it . 
  its not going to intimidate me or be too complex for me in any way . 
  i do not agree with you and probably never will , but would you agree that , despite your disagreement with the lgbt community , lgbt people should have the right to marry with a person of their own gender just for the sake of equality ? 
  i know this whole post is n't about marriage but i am curious , why should we define marriage as being between man and woman ? 
  reproduction is n't an argument , as there are plenty of married couples without children . 
  tradition is n't either because traditions are n't static things , they change over time . 
  i hope you are joking because calling homosexuality a choice is bound to rustle some feathers , mine included . 
  please enlighten me why lots of homosexual people would want to be ` normal ' if it were a choice ? 
  they have never made that choice , not for anyone or influenced by anyone . 
  they found out for themselves that hey , i 'm not like most people , and its people like you and your ilk that continue to demonize them for something they never chose to be . 
  them not being heterosexual does n't matter one bit , it does n't hurt you in the slightest . 
  shit if anything them being demonized for ( possibly ) being gay hurts them more than they 'll ever hurt you . 
  also , genetics is fun and all , but sexuality is determined by more than just genetics ie . 
  neurology . 
  its not a one dimensional thing like the color of your eyes or the enzymes in your stomach determined by your genes . 
  they ca n't choose how their brain works , so how could they possibly choose their sexuality ? 
  exactly , the only real ( gender and country aside ) difference between the two politicians is their ideology . 
  the rest of the circumstances are very similar . 
  yes , absolutely , and i 'm not going to dispute that . 
  it just so happens that circumstances between fortuyn and cox are very similar . 
  all of their deaths are terrible and useless , both in their own right and in general , i just find the comparison between cox and fortuyn to be a better one than van gogh and cox . 
  it does count , absolutely , and his death is just as useless as jo cox ' and pim fortuyn 's are/were . 
  i 'm not trying to undermine van gogh 's death or trying to make theirs more important . 
  but the comparison i 'm trying to make is between two politicians murdered under very similar circumstances by domestic terrorists , not about a political activist murdered by an islamic terrorist . 
  all of them equally regrettable , not all of them equally comparable . 
  van gogh was n't a politician , an activist yes , but not a politician . 
  jo cox and pim fortuyn share the fact that they were murdered under rather similar conditions to each other . 
  neither murderers were , as far as we know now , muslims . 
  so why bring it up ? 
  for once muslims have nothing to do with it and yet you still bring it up . 
  [ the netherlands , nearly 3 months ago ] ( http://www.nltimes.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/cd5uusexiaajmus-535x575.jpg ), 
  that 's because she was the new kid on the block , not for a lack of trying or ambition . 
  this is so similar to the murder of pim fortuyn . 
  for clarity : pim fortuyn was a succesful but controversial right wing political figure in the netherlands , and ranked high in the polls the days before his death . 
  he was murdered in broad daylight in a small town in the netherlands with lots of people present . 
  the murder happened nine days before parliamentary elections and his murderer , an extreme leftist , considered him a grave danger to dutch society . 
  both the referendum and parliamentary elections are of course major events , and both were killed by people with , to them , opposing and extreme ideologies . 
  the arguments of the murderers will most likely differ massively in terms of politics , but the motives appear to be so damn similar . 
  my thoughts are with you uk, 
  this is so similar to the murder of pim fortuyn . 
  for clarity : pim fortuyn was a succesful but controversial political figure in the netherlands , and ranked high in the polls the days before his death . 
  he was murdered in broad daylight in a small town in the netherlands with lots of people present . 
  the murder happened nine days before parliamentary elections and his murderer , an extreme leftist , considered him a grave danger to dutch society . 
  both the referendum and parliamentary elections are of course both major events , and both were killed by people with , to them , opposing and extreme ideologies . 
  the arguments of the murderers will most likely differ massively politically , but the motives are so damn similar . 
  my thoughts are with you uk, 
  we had an extreme leftist kill pim fortuyn , a right wing politician here in the netherlands . 
  fortuyn was considered controversial by lots of people and such an attack was feared , but it does n't justify murder . 
  not that long ago either , just 14 years . 
  what i 'm getting at : pim fortuyn was murdered by an extreme leftist 9 days before our parliamental elections . 
  the circumstances are very similar for jo cox , just with an ideological reversal for the murderer/terrorist and politician . 
  why could n't it have happened again ? 
  what makes this so unlikely ? 
  so you have as much of an argument as he has ? 
  this does n't support your  seems a bit too convenient argument in the slightest . 
  your argument relies on his hearsay as much as his argument relies on hearsay . 
  they should have left the britain first people alone but on the other hand it is exactly the kind of reaction bf want from them . 
  bf are being explicitely provocative and try to get a rise out of people . 
  bf only shows those who do respond , while most of them probably do n't . 
  does n't excuse the attackers in the slightest but does explain their reasons . 
  i 'd feel pretty uncomfortable as well having people like those bf guys around and i 'm white . 
  food tends to be rather cheap in the netherlands compared to most european countries when you compare it with our median income . 
  must be because we are the world 's number 2 gross exporter of food with 7,5 % of the worlds food exports , after 11,2 % for the united states . 
  that 's an enormous amount of food for such a small area of land . 
  but would you call yourself a polish patriot or a polish nationalist ? 
  i 'd call myself a dutch patriot but not a nationalist .
