  people like this have achieved nothing in life and so like to shit on other 's achievements , or even other people 's happiness . 
  seriously , pointing out we got help from the outside ... for fucks sake what a sad cunt . 
  * ireland 's war of independance was n't all that great actually because we did n't have an underground munitions and banking industry ? 
  * violent conflict resolved with help of 3rd parties ? 
  fucking scandulous !!!, 
  bring back the british army and the ira , the peace agreement was a shambles !, 
  * joining eu , a program designed for mutual benefit and international co-operation is joined using international assitance ? 
  that must 've made the baby jesus cry :'( * you addressed the last issue so i 'll leave it be . 
  well i suppose when you put it like that eu membership is n't all great . 
  i mean , i thought us being lifted out of poverty and joining a large economic and cultural bloc was a good thing but your argument is really making me re-think that . 
  thank fuck for you turkey does n't have to suffer things like the european court of justice , you 've no idea of how oppressing they are . 
  fuck it , i 'll give you an example ... an irish senator made ireland legalise homosexuality in ireland through the eu court of justice . 
  ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  can we submit your retort to / r/bestof ? 
  it 's a bit long and wordy though so we 'd probably have to tl ; dr it if that 's ok with you ? 
  if you have it skills and good english you should do fine . 
  if you can speak german or french as well as english even better . 
  unfortunately romanians do n't have a good image in ireland though due to the amount of romas begging on the streets . 
  jobs.ie is where you want to look at for employment and daft.ie for housing . 
  honestly ... cheap source of food . 
  that is literally it . 
  there 's talk about keeping it out of french hands as a strategic location but the big thing was cheap food for britain . 
  cricket . 
  do n't try to understand it . 
  i was in oz when rudd made the apology for that - powerful stuff . 
  * war of independence * good friday agreement * eu membership * prime minister calling out the church for rape and torture of children . 
  trust me , that 's a turning point in ireland, 
  `` the sun never sets on the british empire '' that 's an acheievement , regardless of erm , methods . 
  twas n't our famously good looks then :-(, 
  must catch me a cheap ass ryanair flight to poland some time . 
  i hear the euro championships did your tourism industry no harm also so that 's good to hear . 
  just to re-iterate on irish men & polish women see [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqsx52hd0wo ) of irish lads worshiping a female cop in poland ;-), 
  less of that , bad enough you polskies toooook errrrr jerbs , leave our pure catholic decent wimmin alone ;-), 
  we actually do n't have that many redheads !, 
  i 'm gon na throw in a question for the poles on here if that 's ok . a lot of poles of both sexes migrated to ireland during the ` celtic tiger ' and let 's just say the irish men fell really , really hard for the polish women . 
  luckily for a lot of those men some of the polish girls liked them back and irish man & polish woman couples are not uncommon . 
  however , irish women did n't really go for the polish men and i 'm pretty sure the polish men were n't all that attracted to irish women . 
  do any polish people know what i 'm talking about and did it happen enough to leave the polish guys at a numbers disadvantage ? 
  lastly - polish men ... y you no play rugby in ireland ? 
  missed opportunities !!, 
   where are bisons , there is bison grass , and where is bison grass , there 's bison grass vodka i have been fortunate enough to have bison filet steak and bison grass vodka ( though on seperate occassions ) . 
  fucking glorious !, 
  he could have elaborated a lot more on the generational inequalities also , like how the budgets protect the older generation , how the older generations are sitting on houses that despite the fall in property prices , are still valued way more than paid for . 
  pensioners are the sacred cow that ca n't be touched yet they 're the ones that will do the least for the economy . 
  meanwhile the young continue to get dicked in the ass . 
  relevant flair is relevant, 
  there is a lot of shite on the interwebs but there 's also a lot of gold and the proportions are much healthier than on tv . 
  oh goodie , the internet equivilant of multiple , endless choices between one shit , terrible edited for drama reality tv show and another shit , terribly edited for drama reality tv show . 
  with `` priorititsing websites '' does priority mean the bandwidth ( i.e , loading time ) a webpage has ? 
  if this is the case a system like this is wide open for abuse . 
  at the small end of the scale watch something like an anon video take a dial up day to load while your friendly govt approved video loads instantly . 
  wonder how the guardian website would fare under this system ? 
  gwan out of that , who are you following in the beer garden ? 
  did you get their number yet ? 
  what ? 
  what about the smoking ban ? 
  or do you hang out in the smoking area ? 
  i 'm very confuzzled ... 
  yes , yes it is :-), 
  yup , time for me to jump in my longboat , quick row over to wales , grab a few shepard boys here , sack a village there ... what could go wrong ? 
  ohhhhhhh fuck , well played wales , one of your shepard slaves bought us christianity ... 
  look , my wife cooked me a lovely meal and all i said was that was a dinner fit for jehova !, 
  thankfully we keep most of our loons out , we only leave in the idiots like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypbgi2_yxeo ) piece of art ( the famous politician 's speech on ` fraping ' . 
  our it sector is doing well , pretty much everything else is in the shitter though and not a lot of irish people are qualified for these jobs . 
  boom , headshot !, 
  ... again, 
  i 'm sure there 's an element of kickbacks in there as well . 
  i worked in a hotel in killarney for a summer and when the bus tours were eating dinner upstairs the bus driver was down in the pub , eating a la carte , free of charge ( always the fillet steaks of course ) . 
  suddenly a wild ireland appears and poisons everyone with ... wurstsalat !, 
  this . 
  french people love if you at least make an attempt at the language . 
  conversely , they do n't take kindly to an automatic assumption that they can speak english . 
  shit like this makes me so grateful for teh internets, 
  come on now , be honest , you had him dressed up in a black and white hooped top , beret , pencil moustache and sitting on an old bike with a baguette and flowers sticking out of a wicker basket . 
  and of course the ring of onions around his neck ;-) and you ninja manipulated their cameras to take the pics in black and white and somehow photoshopped a cigarette into his mouth and a look of non-chalance on his face . 
  and europe slowly morphs into ` murica, 
  neither , satire aimed at ireland . 
   i think it 'll end in a narrow no-vote but if the referendum is yes they 'll just say not enough voted . 
  that or just say we did n't think hard enough and ask again to get a no-vote . 
  i see ye 've been reading the class * ` book of irish governance & re-running referendums until people vote correctly ' * then ? 
  ... do they still have to swear allegiance to the crown ? 
  boom !, 
  i kinda feel european . 
  i like the european ( mainland ) way of life and how it 's resisting americanisation much more than the uk & ireland . 
  the culture , history , food ( not you austria !, 
  ) , music , people , languages are so diverse and wonderful . 
  we have so much to see in europe , you can do a lot without ever leaving . 
  in that way it 's unfair to take the piss out of ` muricans sans passport . 
  a real comparison would be to see how many europeans have traveled outside of europe , i 'd imagine the numbers would n't be too different . 
  like atomickoala said so much more elegantly , it 'd be great if we/europe could become truly great again , without the fuckacting with the ` third world ' . 
  first step though is a class revolution ;-), 
  wo n't matter , will have had sex . 
  also , since retardedness is n't an std i 'll get over it, 
  hmmmmm , as an ex-salesman believe me this is not true . 
  i 'm not sure about icelandic language but trust me , english has become so twisted that words and their meanings change so much that you can simultaneously tell a lie and a truth . 
  i mean , we 're talking about the president of the usa defending himself with '' `` it depends upon what the meaning of the word ` is ' is '' . 
  how fucked up must a language become that you can ask that question ?!, 
  so back on topic , when the ratings agency sold these financial packages as something , that depends on the meaning of that something . 
  something something ... tina fey can ... something something on my ` stake ' ... something something wink wink nudge nudge eh ? 
  putin is in a personal bind over this .
