outsourcing ftw !, 
  have an upvote ya cunt, 
  miniature eu flags for some , abortions for others !, 
  * no overt displays of happiness/contentedness . 
  * the english gave us the language , tea and rugby . 
  tea is sacred , brian o'driscoll is god and the language must not be spoken in the proper way under any circumstances . 
  * no welsching on your round . 
  no taking the piss during rounds either , stay reasonably within the price of what everyone else is having . 
  * `` no , honestly now , i wo n't , seriously now i must ... ahhh feckit go on so sure '' is how you respond to an offer no matter how badly you want to say yes straight away . 
  it 's a positive on both sides as the giver gets to insist that they give you something and the recipient is not a seen as a grabber . 
  * brendan o'conner is to be slapped on sight . 
  the bounty on offer is immense personal satisfaction/gratification ( just remember not to enjoy it too much [ refer to my first point ] ), 
  i was hoping for a missed conversion so they 'd only be a point a piece , though if there just had to be a winner ... 
  hmmmm , many a time i 've seen people get cunty on an escalator when there 's plenty of space on the perfectly functioning stairs right beside them . 
  agreed ( i 'm looking at you austria ... ), 
  if you 've a problem with sexism in advertising i suggest you never look at another ad again . 
  either that or actually do something about it instead of being a keyboard warrior . 
  or else , just get over it / grow out of puberty / stop going to that women studies elective in college to try to get laid, 
  there is a perception that french people hate to talk english . 
  i was only in france as a kid for two weeks and trying to show off my french from school so ca n't comment, 
   it warms the ** cock ** les of my heart heh, 
  way to miss the point artard, 
  read the rest of my post where i go on to explain why it 's bollox, 
  that sounds like something an irish politician would say . 
  that 's not a compliment . 
   some of them are true , some are n't but the important thing is that we feel that they 're worse now than in the eighties and nighties . 
  the people could * feel * they 're at risk from zombie attacks . 
  unless the stats are backing them up they 're most likely being manipulated into * feeling * or * perceiving * utter bollox . 
  the iq of a mob is as high as that of it 's dumbest member , and there 's an awful lot of fuckwits out there . 
  if they switched off the tv ( aka box that yells ** panic !!!, 
  ** at you constantly ) i bet they 'd feel a lot better . 
  it 's also getting very cold in the mountains . 
  this really looks like a scene from ` the wall ' from pink floyd . 
  while going through the album all i could think was `` tear.down.the.wall dunnnnn dunnn dunn dun dun dun dun tear.down.the.wall '', 
  my small brother spent a week in sicily with bed and board paid in return for conversing in english with the family . 
  try looking into that, 
  ireland had a shit storm of a housing bubble bust . 
  prices in desirable areas are still doing ok though . 
  the above figures are averages , there could be still a scarcity of desirable properties . 
  i would n't be overly worried . 
  most people in austria would like to see the fbo go fuck themselves . 
  every country has a small loon fringe . 
  their numbers were down in the recent election and even in conservative tirol , their posters were being defaced with hitler mustaches , swastikas or just being plain ripped down . 
  we ca n't afford it . 
  i do n't think that 's the german voter 's concern tbh, 
  i read the first sentence and thought you were saying cute that elections are measured in units of time as opposed to monetary units !, 
  as a guest in austria i would 've thought it would be maria-theresia , or maybe that 's just because i 'm in tirol ? 
  ah yes , the classic clash of the shitans, 
  it required a very specific brand of french cockiness to pull that off as it did n't always work out and you just had to shrug your shoulders and try again . 
  fucking amazing rugby they used to play . 
  * champagne rugby * cuisine * cheese ( deserves a seperate entry ) * the language * making a holy show of the all blacks on more than one occassion . 
  * that newsreader that was all over teh internets in the early days, 
  ireland still has a way to go , though considering how bad we used to be i think we 're getting there . 
  also , the green flags for primary schools is a fantastic initiative - get em while they 're young !, 
  til cyprus = = ireland !, 
  cork : murphy 's stout & roy keane, 
  i just came on here with my eyes half closed , cringing , waiting to see the details `` a syndicate of irish developers ... '' . 
  know dem feels spain , chin up brah, 
  ryanair need to buy this . 
  they 've tried to buy old terminals in the past and $ 100m is n't all that much to them . 
  and they 'll prob get a discount on the airport tax in return for bringing in tourists . 
  only the young ones say ` servus ' . 
  the middle agers say ` grussdich ' or ` grussgott ' or ` hallo ' ... 
  * tirol ( alps , skiing , lakes , etc ) * economy * railway system * active preservation of culture ( good outweighs the bad ) * the people , i 've never said ` hallo ' back to so many strangers * lindau * speck * kiachl mit sauerkraut, 
  i think ireland is levelling out a bit , or at least slowing the decay significantly . 
  however , an unimaginative political class coupled with an electorate expecting ( and who will vote for ) a magic wand cure is making it hard to do anything meaningful . 
  that 's actually a very insightful answer !, 
  thank you !, 
   collins not only were his guerilla war innovations exceptional , but he managed to out-do the british in the intelligence game . 
  ireland 's biggest ` what if ' and ` whodunnit ' combined . 
  brian boru as someone else mentioned already . 
  another big ` what-if ' . 
  a great high-king for the times by all accounts and was badly missed after the battle of clontarf . 
  personally , i 'd add james connolly for his work with the labour movement . 
  i do n't think the war of independence might have happened or had the support without his ` agitating ' . 
  fuck it i 'm throwing down roy keane & brian o'driscoll while i 'm at it . 
  one has an epic story and captained an epic club to all kinds of epic glories . 
  bod 's back-story is n't so epic but his preformances and effect on his national side and game in his own country is epic as it gets in terms of sports . 
  there 's no denying the man is a hero in terms of being super-human like and someone kids want to emulate ... 
  irish and irish gypsies - i hear ya man, 
  til !, 
  good to hear , i hope the game spreads in poland , tis a wonderful game . 
  $ 5 for a non-matured cheese in poland ?!, 
  that 's madness . 
  turns out it 's not too difficult to make if you 're inclined ... http://www.wikihow.com/make-haloumi-cheese, 
  ya but then poland could become excellent at rugby and get to regularly beat up italy , germany and russia ... ye know ye want to !, 
  dishes from ireland ... it 's not really that ireland has such unique dishes , it 's the ingredients i miss . 
  i truly believe we have some of the best foodstuffs in the world which we use to make bastard cuisines , particularly influenced by italian & french cooking . 
  paella , ya some restaurants in ireland try it but cheap out on saffron or do something else wrong which leaves you with a shitty risotto really . 
  various knodels , goulaschsuppe & fritattensuppe from austria, 
  i see no shortage of it in hofer/aldi in austria , perhaps germany may be similar ? 
  are you anyway close to the german border ? 
   we generally do n't take care of ourselves , are often overweight or built like a fucking tank made of muscle, 
   also we used to be great at eurovision  * wistfully sighs * if only we had gotten rid of that sax solo !!, 
  shared celtic ancestry , some went to ireland , some to britain ? 
  apart from a bit of casual coastal raping and pillaging ( as is tradition ) i did n't think we ever invaded anyone !, 
  the first irl v eng game in croke park was a proud moment , i 'm torn between the actual match and the build up as to which i 'm more proud of ;-), 
  that 's nice ;-), 
  the irish do n't invade - we infest ;-), 
  do n't mind him .
