  that 's your point of view . 
  which ironically , it 's what most modern art focuses on . 
  but the thing is , after the invention of photography we do n't need rembrandt or caravaggio anymore . 
  depicting realty is n't a concern anymore , so the artists focused on other things . 
  i do n't get why modern art is so hated . 
   pretty sad but the sexism thing was n't solved , it just made a 180 \u00b0 turn . 
  oh yes , i know it 's very hypocritical to condemn israel on human right issues and then being in bed with nations which do the same thing . 
  apparently , it 's crazy that the eu value peace more than money . 
  ok , what she did was awful , but why the fuck this thread resembles stormfront ? 
  yeah , no . 
  see : assad . 
  they always were , the mafia simply decided immigrants are cheaper . 
  inb4 refugees . 
  username checks out . 
  my cousin 's out fighting dragons , and what do i get ? 
  guard duty, 
  i love horse coppiette and tordi matti ( roulades made with horse meat ), 
  if we find them repulsive , it 's probably because our ancestors did n't find them good to eat . 
  horse meat is delicious . 
  erdogan browses the_donald : confirmed, 
  they took er jerbs !, 
  i 'm sure the slaves in qatar or the underpaid workers in taiwan do n't have the same opinion on capitalism . 
  you can , but this does n't change the fact that is not immigrants ' fault we are in a shitty situation . 
  they are all complete tools . 
  there was also that time a muslim was disfigured by a non muslim and reddit still blamed muslims . 
  eh , it 's not like we ( europe ) could 've done anything about it . 
  saudi 's always been one of the most close allies of usa in the middle east . 
  money , dear boy . 
  not until the third date . 
  i like you . 
  a job where you costantly watch people peeing ... nice . 
  nice !, 
  literally the first result supports my bold claim . 
   africa however has always been a mess , before or after colonization . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  iq is mostly considered bollocks . 
  we do n't even have a clear scientific definition of intelligence , let alone a way to misure it . 
  i do n't know , it 's growing on me . 
  i was n't referring to you , sorry for the misunderstanding, 
  why would i be offended ? 
  of course , nobody is saying the contrary . 
  the middle east is terrible at civil rights . 
  but at the same time going on a rant on how people ( who could become an example for others ) would be killed and calling them morons is n't the best . 
  two gay friends of mine were in palestine and turkey and were n't thrown off a roof . 
  so no . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  jihad has various meanings , tbh, 
  la d\u00e9fense is clearly the better choice , but i like the foreground of number 2 . 
   zsolt tyirity\u00e1n , another leader of the movement , used the nazi ideology of lebensraum , or living space , to paint a stark picture of europe 's present . 
  what a jolly good chap . 
  saladin was a revered figure in medieval literature : he was a symbol of chivalry and wisdom , even if he played for the other team . 
  he also appears in boccaccio 's decameron as a positive figure . 
  mohammad ali is surely in paradise . 
  guy the maupassant said that his favourite restaurant was the one in the tour eiffel because it was the only restaurant were he could n't see the tower . 
  they made me five minutes late because of one of their manifestations !, 
  eh , i guess something coming straight from / pol / like `` six gorillons '' or `` free helicopters rides '' would be ( justly ) downovoted . 
  my problem with `` remove kebab/deus vult '' is that you can never tell if the person is saying it ironically or not . 
  [ germany and italy < 3 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/99/friedrich_overbeck_008.jpg/1200px-friedrich_overbeck_008.jpg ), 
  smartphones have become part of our lives and are often seen as necessary . 
  hope they 'll be safe . 
  my favourite figure of french revolution . 
  how ? 
  where europe about to be nuked and charles stopped it ? 
  because i think even without him europe would have still been here . 
  spain was also under muslim rule . 
  now it 's not . 
  same with serbia , croatia and greece . 
   this has nothing to do with that are you honestly arguing that a muslims invasion would have been good for europe wtf ??? 
  nobody is saying that . 
  just look at the phrasing of the title . 
  `` saved europe '' , lol . 
  killing them all ? 
  and causing them underdevelopment for this ? 
  i think some of them are present in the mediterranean . 
  ( sardinia in particular ), 
  they can also be found in mauritania . 
  eh , it should be also obvious that carving the colosseum is a bad idea , but tourists do it anyway . 
  i do n't think it 's a political statement . 
  he also made the portraits of obama and hillary . 
  literally radicalised foreign fighters . 
  i think it 's one of the most viewed italian sites . 
  i think mosques are far more reaching and `` prestigious '' , in the sense that a random guy on the internet can easily be dismissed as a crazy guy , but you 'll probably listen to what your local imam says . 
  eritrea being a brutal regime is a stupid comment ? 
  it 's just reddit being contrarian and a ( un ) healthy dose of wehrabooism . 
  nazis where the most cartoonishly evil organisation in the world . 
  for fuck sake , they made a battallion with the sole purpose of killing civilians in warsaw . 
  and said battallion was lead by a fucking child molester !, 
  holy shit the children of your comments . 
   spaghetti highways i would n't have complained, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i suspected my friend was joking , but i was n't sure , 
  is n't in poland a vodka made with a plant famous because bisons piss on it ? 
  at least that 's what a polish friend of mine told me . 
  do n't worry , the enlightened redditors have a solution for the entire migrant crisis . 
  thank god that 's never going to happen , then . 
   without lining some third world dictator 's pocket to keep them inside . 
  eu , beacon of freedom . 
  albanian is one of the protected languages in italy , since we had albanian communities since the middle ages . 
  albania was part of the kingdom of italy for some times one of the ruling dynasties of ( modern ) egypt was albanian among the famous albanians we have pyrrus ( king of epirus , famous for his `` victories '' ) , skanderbeg and ali pasha of ioannina fun fact : in `` the count of montecristo '' the prostagonist bangs ali pasha 's daughter . 
  beautiful picture !,
