  a lot of far leftist are anti immigration too . 
  `` rocco invades poland '' best film, 
  `` the good , the bad and the ugly '' and `` they called him trinity '' for the westerns `` fantozzi '' for the comedies `` do n't torture a duckling '' of lucio fulci, 
  i do n't like it when they present it as `` original italian recipe '' , like starbucks or some american restaurants do . 
  not really engrish , but [ prisencolinensinainciusol ] ( https://youtu.be/49hdyfak2dm ) is absolute gibberish pretending to be english edit : words, 
  really tough question because i think every culture is worth exploring . 
  i 'd say brazilian and mexican , love that their culture is the sum of very different backgrounds . 
  also , while i ca n't really say it 's my favourite because it would mean ignoring the countless issues it has , i 've always found middle eastern culture very fascinating . 
  not really a common opinion , but i 've heard some politicians talking about privatizing certain sectors that here are just sucking taxpayers ' money . 
  and there were proposals to copy usa and australia immigration sistems . 
  i knew it but i wanted to know where the guy lean . 
  it mostly depends from the teacher . 
  and religion classes are n't obligatory . 
  we are taught about : jews in ancient times ( kingdom of israel , palestine under rome , jewish diaspora ) , jews in the middle age ( not much , mostly what happened in 1492 in spain and the creation of ghettos in italian cities ) , dreyfus scandal , holocaust and italian racist laws in 1938 . 
  we also study jewish traditions and festivities in religion classes . 
  they are quiet . 
  once in a while you hear something in the news like `` shooting in naples/other cities '' , but they mostly rely on corruption . 
  nowadays , they are trying to profit from the migrant crisis . 
  ehm ... next question ? 
  i 'm on mobile . 
  remind me !, 
  six hours, 
  though some of them were lucky guesses, 
  cinque terre is n't that nearby . 
  if you are only going to spend 2 days in florence i do n't recommend to visit them . 
  same thing with rome and florence-venice . 
  you wo n't really see that much in just two days . 
  i love traveling and i think seeing two different countries in one trip and comparing them would be cooler than visiting one country . 
  plus , you can just organize a venice-florence trip another time . 
  ( easier than organising a two country trip ), 
  i 'd say rome and barcelona . 
  why did you put the reversed commas ? 
  wait , you want to introduce the death penalty for people who could 've joined a terrorist cell ? 
  seems pretty extreme to me . 
  it became famous after the miracle in the portuguese city with the same name . 
  it 's not very common but italians would n't bat an eye while hearing it . 
  no , italian, 
  armida or fatima if it 's a girl , enea if it 's a boy . 
  british accent is sexy < 3, 
  maybe he just like the flag . 
  unrelated , but are you from north korea ? 
  amazing culture and history , not really a fan of the theocracy thing . 
  i had some friends who are iranian . 
  btw , in the american comments only three comments and they were already objectifying persian women . 
  iran secular ? 
  la meglio giovent\u00f9 it 's a film , but yeah , it 's very good . 
  romanzo criminale , a tv series set in the 70s about a real criminal gang in rome gomorra , about the camorra ( neapolitan mafia ) in the present 1992 , about political intrigues and corruption in the 90s and netflix is also producing suburra , about corruption and organized crime in present day rome ( yes , we are monothematic , but hey , write what you know ... ), 
  potato soup, 
  1 : corruption is incredibly high in italy 2 : organized crime ( which contribute to problem 1 ) is still alive and well 3 : economic stagnation and poverty, 
  free speech = / = news you can say `` to me , the prime minister is an asshole '' , but saying `` the prime minister is actually a child rapist and a drug addict '' without proof is ( rightfully ) a criminal offense . 
  grano : corn conio : mintage sacchi : sacks quattrini : old type of money spicci/spiccioli : loose change lira ( the currency used before the euro ) is also used in a lot of popular sayings . 
  in rome we also have some terms to specify the quantity : un sacco : 1 euro uno scudo ( literally one shield ) : 5 euros una piotta : 100 euros un testone : 1000 euros, 
  love it . 
  the colors are good ( even if blue white and red are very common ) it 's iconic and inspired a lot of others flag . 
  former colony , very skinny dudes . 
  pizza al taglio ( pizza by the cut ) , cuoppo in naples ( a cone of fried squids ) , coppiette ( dried spicy pork/horse ) , lampredotto ( a sandwich made from the stomach of the cow ) in tuscany . 
  also , if you come in rome , i recommend the trapizzino , a mix between a pizza and a sandwich , in testaccio . 
  lisbon = high quality of life and good climate sevilla = same thing vienna = really high quality of life , climate less good , but really beautiful city . 
  yes and also because the wolf of the appennines . 
  while not official , the wolf is sometimes associated with italy . 
  italians in american medias sometimes are more similar to mexicans . 
  also , in little red riding hood perrault explicitly says that the wolf is a metaphor for sexual predators . 
  my course of studies is called `` european languages and literatures '' , so i guess it makes sense that they focus mostly on european portuguese , even if most students usually study portuguese to work in brazil . 
  but yeah , almost all the medias ( even duolingo ) are in brazilian p. 
  european , my teacher is from lisbon , but we had some meeting with brazilian people . 
  portuguese at my university . 
  there are also signs in albanian and greeks in the respective language islands . 
  basically : camillo benso was the prime minister of the kingdom of sardinia-piedmont , he asked the french of napoleon the third for help against austria in the 2nd war for indipendence ( the first was a total fiasco ) . 
  sardinia won and gained lombardy and some microstates like modena and parma voluntarily joined the kingdom . 
  meanwhile giuseppe garibaldi sailed for sicily with 1000 men to annex the kingdom of two sicilies and part of the papal state . 
  they did n't technically unified all of italy since we still did n't have latium ( rome ) and veneto , but they effectively created the modern kingdom of italy . 
  scientific advancements : royal society ( newton , bacon , etc ) first and second industrial revolution , darwin , hawking , touring literature : shakespeare , dickens , conrad , bront\u00eb sisters , jane austen , virginia woolf historically , england/uk has been one of the most successful ( both politically and economically ) nation in europe , even if we ignore the whole imperialism part . 
  during the victorian era england was fifty years ahead or more every other nations in europe . 
  you guys have quite an amazing history and culture . 
  plus , i love your `` stiff upper lip '' trait . 
  diet erdogan . 
  plus , i think he started the whole `` build the wall '' trend . 
  me :d, 
   italy : they still get triggered by the last time we did it . 
  and goals would be the same as before , to ensure our rightful clay . 
  what are you talking about , terra irridente ? 
  we do that too !, 
  india , vietnam and brazil . 
  it 's somewhat popular ( especially because of ferrari ) among 40 + yo people , but you can also find youngster interested in it . 
  still , i think moto gp is more popular . 
   21 * c in october maybe southern italy ( sicily for example ) or something like andalusia . 
  asharq al awsat in arabic , which is also the name of a newspaper in arabic language . 
  i know that the levant ( syria , lebanon ) is called sham , which is what the sh of daesh stand for . 
  and a glass of amaro !, 
  caff\u00e8 macchiato can be taken whenever you want , the only exception is at the restaurant after a meal ( and even then , it depends from restaurant to restaurant ), 
  they killed nazis . 
  oh come on , the spanish steps are good !, 
  bocca della verit\u00e0 : it 's just a huge rocky face in a small portico . 
  plus the crowd of tourists make it even less fascinating and will make you waste at least 30 min just to see the thing . 
  for the rest , maybe circus maximus , simply because there 's nothing left of it except for the shape of the park , but if you want to relax it 's quite nice . 
  remark, 
  ( que ) sto cazzo - literally this dick, 
  probably romania and albania . 
  keep an eye open to robbers and scammers , especially when you take public transport . 
  do n't think of rome as the classic european capital : is a very chaotic city and public services are horrible .
