  basically , los angeles ( the rich part ) and the coast . 
  population includes hot women , actors and arnold schwartznegger . 
  it is seen as very rude . 
  usually if you are in an hurry you say goodbye to the first people near you and tell them to say goodbye and apologize on your behalf . 
  1 ) since i have a literature course every year , 4-5 books per year . 
  2 ) the return , by joseph conrad . 
  deport where ? 
  plus , you ca n't measure someone 's level of integration, 
  cage is god . 
  bud and terence \u2764 . 
  even if italian ( sexy ) comedy refers to this : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/commedia_sexy_all%27italiana, 
  as op said , spaghetti western is probably the most famous genre associated with italy . 
  mockumentaries and horrors/thrillers were also pretty famous in the 80s . 
  actually , the trash genre was insanely popular in the 70s . 
  it was called `` italian comedy '' and was full of grotesque situations and erotic scenes . 
  utility room . 
  same in italy , but usually the people who are n't being served yet give you permission to eat or otherwise the food will become cold . 
  berlusconi is a living meme . 
  i love angolan portuguese . 
  it 's easier to understand since they speak slower . 
  it really depends on the context , if people are talking about europe than mediterranean countries refers to southern europe , but yes , mena countries are absolutely mediterranean countries . 
  if you want to put italian music , go for opera . 
  there 's a joke in italy that a lot of words in italian mean something in the masculine form , but if changed to the feminine form they all mean `` whore '' . 
  the alcazaba of malaga . 
   also put some parmesan on your goddamn pasta did you go to alternative italy ? 
  greek/roman myths and tales from arabian nights . 
   milk of the fish lattume is also derived from latte , italian for milk . 
  roman accent/dialect is often associated with rudeness and boorishness , so quite a lot of families try to curb its influence in favourite of standard italian , so lot of people do n't speak with it . 
  still , there are some words that usually emerge ( for example , the article `` er '' instead of `` il '' . 
  i 've never eat it and probably it is delicious , but we have lattume , wich is fish sperm . 
  fun fact : most cheese disgust me , but i would be ok with eating maggots . 
  angola and cape verde looks pretty nice and i 'm currently studying portuguese , so them . 
  espresso with a little bit of milk . 
  well , giolitti was n't bad either . 
  [ sperlonga ] ( https://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sperlonga ) in italy , [ kitzb\u00fchel ] ( https://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kitzb\u00fchel ) , la valletta in malta . 
  brazil , mexico , cape verde or israel . 
  the colosseum and the roman forum . 
  when you are driving you just use it for orientation . 
  i wear crocs or socks , sometimes both . 
  here in rome the most famous names for cats are : romeo ( the cat tomas o'malley from the aristocats , which in the italian version is from rome and speaks with a roman accent ) , nerone ( from the roman emperor nero ) , silvestro ( the cat from looney tunes ) and isidoro . 
  lot of people during the fascist regime are n't given the respect they deserve . 
  my favourite is gino bartali , a very famous cyclist who helped jews escape nazi persecution . 
  the most used slang for vagina is figa or fica ( `` female '' fig ) , but if you use that two words some italian will surely giggle . 
  the first is pure gold `` i have n't done anything good in my entire life , but i can pretend i 'm changing the world posting shitty memes that will influence zero people . 
  also , people who disagree with nazis are the real nazis , and i hate globalism but i look at the global markets every time the people i support win the elections . '', 
  portugal and spain . 
  uccello ( bird ) is a slang for penis . 
  in some regions a very long cock can be called `` collo di papera '' ( duck 's neck ) . 
  passera ( female sparrow ) and fagiana ( female pheasant ) are common names for pussy . 
  because i love you guys < 3, 
  all of the eu ( new countries are welcome as well , if they reach our requirements ) : if not , romance languages union ftw . 
  we give them a lot of money . 
  it annoys me that the most important museum in rome is n't really italian , but given our corruption , maybe is for the best . 
  we all drive badly , no matter what brand of car we are using . 
  false : we are n't all fundamentalist christians not all italians have mustaches and are very tanned . 
  we are n't all good cooks ( but we enjoy good food ) true : we are very loud we are obsessed by sex we are lazy . 
  if erdo really lose his shit i foresee another , more serious coup . 
  routine patrols are common in italy . 
  the police stop you , checks your document and then you are free to go if there are n't irregularities . 
  i was stopped some times myself , even when i was on feet . 
  ( the officers probably think me and my brother were drunk , since it was very late ), 
  because ignoring the problem = fixing it ? 
  and holy shit the `` we do n't want you in our exclusive little club '' mentality . 
  a little meta , but i do n't like the attitude of r/europe on the matter . 
  a lot of the users are basically implying all turkey = islamist shithole . 
  nice . 
  caravaggio was an incredible talented painter during the counter reformation and he had very influential friends ( cardinals and nobles ) . 
  some of his paintings caused scandals : for example the `` death of the virgin '' because mary was depicted as a suffering and common woman , without any mystical feature ( plus , some say he used a prostitute drowned in the tiber as a model ) . 
  another painting , madonna dei pellegrini , which is 100 % sure that the virgin had the aspect of caravaggio 's lover ( another prostitute ) caused a scandal ... because the characters are barefoot . 
  so is possible that very few knew and did n't want his talent go to waste . 
  caravaggio used whores as models for mary . 
  there are some greek communities in calabria and puglia dating back to the byzantine empire . 
  after a quick research , i discovered that italian developed voi first , while lei was added later as a pronoun for important titles ( her majesty , his holiness ) , so that explain why lei was more formal than voi . 
  tbh nowadays is not something very talked about . 
  ah yes , in the south it 's still used . 
  in italy we use `` tu '' in informal speech and `` lei '' ( third person , literally `` she '' ) for the formal . 
  shopkeepers and bartenders usually use tu , except when the person addressed is an elderly or a known respectable member of the society ( lawyers , engineers , policemen ) . 
  teachers almost always use `` tu '' when addressing their students , except in university . 
  ( not all university professors use `` lei '' , tho . ), 
   are there maybe more than two levels of politeness ? 
  we have `` voi '' ( second plural person ) which was popularized by the fascist regime , but is now considered too formal and outdated . 
  i think european cities should do just like paris did with la defense : build the modern skyscrapers in the suburbs . 
  rome for example has a lot of unused terrains far away from the city centre . 
  my favorite character of the french revolution . 
  well i think this is just racist imagery for propaganda , blackface and yellowface is on a different level because : it was done against their own citizens it can be effectively be seen as a forerunner of cultural appropriation . 
   radetzkymarsch triggered . 
  does opera counts ? 
  because if so , probably rossini 's william tell overture or puccini 's `` nessun dorma '' ( from the turandot ) if not , probably antonio vivaldi 's `` the four seasons '' . 
   do you have living nativy scenes too ? 
  yes , in small towns they are very common . 
  usa has an history of steretyping their minorities ( blackface , yellowface ) while others like native americans feel like they are adding insult to the injury ( after taking my land and killing my ancestors , they also take my culture ) . 
  plus , there are cases when people appropriate the culture of another people without respecting said people . 
  more stupid/naive than racist imho . 
  i get why minorities in the usa are offended by it tho . 
  yeah . 
  in naples presepe is considered a form of art and there 's a street ( via di san gregorio armeno ) with stores only dedicated to it , where you can find traditional pieces ( shepherds , bakers etc etc ) or characters from popular culture ( politicians , football players ) . 
  the reproduction of the whole village is not really common in italian houses ( but not uncommon either ) while the reproduction of only the holy family in the barn is more widespread since it requires less efforts . 
  nativity scene . 
  thought was something only italians do . 
  it is .
