it 's not free speech since rt is spreading lies and defaming a foreing pm . 
  why the british governement does n't shut down rt ? 
  what i think he means is that sa is fighting the al-qaeda branch in the arabian peninsula ( which are the third faction in the yemeni civil war ) and there were some failed terrorist attacks in mecca and medina . 
  but yeah , saudi arabia is spreading a toxic ideology . 
  literature : call me old fashioned , but i love william shakespeare . 
  and since i was a kid i think rowan atkinson is one of the greatest comedians of all time . 
  they are what they electors want to become . 
  so it 's totally ok to maim them with dogs !, 
  yeah , with also mentions of no go zones . 
  * no freeze peach * spooky brown people * western europe hate itself , eastern europe champion of christianity this video is the physical embodiment of / r/shitamericanssay, 
  there 's also one in rome !, 
  plus , i think that the whole `` terrorists doing athrocities in the name of god '' thing does n't exactly strengthen your faith . 
  the oldest pizzeria in the world ( in naples ) is older than the usa . 
  i personally find american pizza disgusting , but hey , de gustibus ... 
  yeah , they are lying because their religion says so ( not really ) and not because they want to protect their son . 
  btw , thereligionofpeace.com ? 
  really ? 
  are you sarcastic , right ? 
  just like when i browse / r/pizza . 
  cold war 2 : nuclear boogaloo . 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  i 'm shocked we are not the first . 
  not even on the podium . 
  love how spain is chilling in the third map . 
   disperately needs a reformation which is exactly what the minister is asking . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  depending on who you ask : yes ( or not ) . 
  b-but i tought all migrants were brown people !, 
  this things really pisses me off : the majority of migrants are arabs or africans while - stan is a persian suffix !, 
  we will put a member of the house of habsburgs as the ruler of mexico . 
  last time did n't work , but i 'm confident this time is the right one . 
  in our country the leader of the third most popular party usually calls the eu the `` european soviet union '' ... 
  really ? 
  i found it beautiful because it 's not cheap propaganda . 
  every interviewed 's opinione is different from the others : there are people who feels 100 % european despite their ancestry , people who still put a great deal in their heritage and people who simply feels there 's no room for there and are here only out of necessity . 
  for once , i 've heard their point of view directly by them and not filtered by a political faction . 
  man , the article is beautiful . 
  it 's a shame that was probably posted here for the opposite reason . 
  not in the slightest . 
  still , more than half of the population considers themselves muslims . 
  western europe still does n't want russia to gain a greater foothold in easter europe . 
  plus , i 'm pretty sure w.e. 
  would stand with sweden/baltic republics in case of russian threat . 
  `` i violently beat a person , but i do n't want to be considered racist : that would be unbearable ! '', 
  at some point in time , it was green . 
  too late . 
  plus , solomon is considered a great prophet in islam ( god gave him power over the djinnis ) and his seal ( the modern star of david ) was incredibly popular among the turks : it appears in the flag of the karamid kingdom ( a turkish kingdom ) and in the banner of barbarossa . 
  not yet ... 
  do n't forget the canonization of mother theresa . 
  what a bunch of cunts . 
  please , that 's just godwin 's law . 
  just because you do n't like someone it does n't mean he was a nazi . 
  `` quick , we need something that says we are really middle eastern terrorists ! '', 
  oh , it 's not like they do n't want tourists . 
  just behave well and you will have no problems . 
  it 's not that they do not want tourists : they do n't want tourists that act like asses . 
  it 's a common problem in a lot of italian towns . 
   no one does except when they do . 
  a lot of times . 
  it 's really sad , he and terence were my childhood heroes : their movies were a great mix between comedy and action and set in `` exotic '' places ( brazil , africa , miami ) that i 've always dreamt of visiting when i was a small kid . 
  the mongols were actually very tolerant towards other religions . 
  tuggish violence on the streets . 
  christians ( duh ), 
  nah , at least , not in italy . 
  that was before turkey made that blatant verbal attack against your country and germany tho . 
  plus , it 's possible the buildings were lit because you have a large turkish minority . 
  they will simply buy them !, 
  true that . 
  thanks for the answer , 
  but this would only push turkey further toward russia . 
  why you consider it positive news ? 
  ( serious question ), 
  aaand ... i 'm hungry . 
  considering we are only at the letter g probably yes . 
  ( i hope so ), 
  wikipedia says that a lot of portuguese / cape verdeans with a portuguese citizenship came to luxembourg during the estado novo period . 
  later luxembourg signed a treaty with portugal so that relatives of the immigrants could come there . 
  when men 's genital will bleed they can have their paid leave . 
  seconded . 
  terrorist attacks are their `` economic sanctions '' , basically . 
  here in italy far leftist and black block are usually against globalization and eu . 
  thank god this kind of people does n't exist . 
  we prefer quality over quantity . 
  yay for the greens !, 
  but i do n't care about upvotes . 
  `` turks are sexist '' `` hurr durr this obviously sarcastic statement about my gender really pisses me off '' not disappointed . 
  a clearly tongue in cheek comment, 
  women are wiser . 
  edit : ah , the irony of being down voted by people who think turks are sexist but at the same time are bothered by my statement . 
   a culture that derives from years of evolution of traditions that can be traced back to ancient greco-roman texts and the judeochristian credo . 
  socrates , cicero , spqr , magna carta , englightenment , peace of westphalia , the nationalist revolts , the eu . 
  some of these things have somewhat influenced turkey , others not so much , but at the same time they have n't influenced other countries either . 
   today all that evolution came down to a liberalism . 
  freedoms , open markets , rights , rule of law , secularism etc. 
  there are countries which do n't fit those criteria , but we will consider them europeans without bat an eye . 
  define european culture . 
  so people from another country should never protest the government of the country they are currently living ? 
  yes , because america would be totally fine with it . 
  what a condescending twat . 
  holy shit , are you still trying to push the `` islamic terrorism '' while the guy has been diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic with a history of high anxiety and self-harm ?
