  that meme from family guy is dangerously true , after all . 
  for real guys . 
  every time i see `` ataturk '' mentioned , the comment below is usually this . 
  getting better ties with a guy who wants to destroy the us and is trying to bring eastern europe under is sphere of influence is good ? 
  wtf . 
  edit : ue , not us . 
  maintaining for example three adults plus eventual children is extremely costly even in the best case scenario ( all adults have a job ) . 
  in the past polygamy was a very useful diplomatic tool , and more wives = more children = more workforce in the camps , but these things are n't relevant anymore . 
  polygamy is impracticable in modern societies , except for a very wealthy group of people . 
  yeah , in countries like somalia or all the north africa you must have some `` requirements '' to practice polygamy , which are very hard to reach for the average guy . 
  `` afghanis are monsters '' woke , man, 
  he later hit on the girl on his right . 
  btw , i want this pic on / r/italy sidebar . 
  nice . 
  nice . 
  i wish you good luck , turkey . 
  the situation in nigeria is n't as bad as syria or afghanistan . 
  boko haram is more similar to the farc or other guerilla group . 
  nobody give a free pass on islam . 
  but there are people who say incredibly vile things on muslims . 
  my brother went there this fall , he was stunned !, 
  sorry , badly phrased . 
  i meant if israel still tries to pursue the one state solution . 
  they actually want all the jews they can get , because they risk to become a minority in their own country . 
  fun fact : gallo lungo means long cock ( rooster ), 
  tbh , aegean islands are tourist traps . 
  and even successful actresses like mila kunis talk about the everyday sexism they still face . 
  looks like this officials are pretty insecure . 
  hollywood is still anchored to old stereotypes and preconceptions . 
  and being a woman there is a living hell . 
  i was n't denying the existence of the holodomor or downplaying it . 
  it was something horrible . 
  but i do n't think it can be classified as a planned genocide . 
   it was more genocide in sense of soviet leadeship against it 's peasants , mostly ukrainians , as well as russians and other ethnicities in the affected areas ( ironically the most fertile areas in the union ) . 
  this does n't actually points that the soviets were n't trying to etnically cleanse ukraine ? 
  and i find kind of hard to believe the soviets just decided to waste precious workforce . 
  but the holodomor was n't something planned , it was bad agricultural policies enforced . 
  edit : thanks for the answers guys . 
  i realize this post was very superficial and whitewashed a serious argument . 
  the political equivalent of `` i 'm not ugly , you are ugly '' . 
  i think it depends how it is done . 
  a lot of the older people here talk how it was n't that great ( there are also nostalgics , tho ) . 
  plus , people who voluntarily enlisted ( my father for example ) despised levies . 
  not really . 
  plus , if anything , capitalism is halting scientific development today . 
  oh , i usually do n't eat italian food aboard and instead try the local cuisine . 
  because in this case the message is `` be more inclusive and accept that people are different '' . 
  i will . 
  i 'm currently studying your language , 
  they have to adapt . 
  just like fast foods did . 
  my only issue when traveling is that i ca n't find a decent coffee . 
  just like the german neonazi who became a jihadist . 
  a friend of mine was racial profiled . 
  it was n't pretty . 
  `` what are you saying , portugal ? 
  stab all of them ? 
  who are still crowded as hell , tbh . 
  i mean , the people are still stupid because they blindly accepted very biased piece of `` information '' and accepted it as the truth . 
  oh , i just wanted to make a subtle compliment . 
  our country is beautiful , but yours it is too , 
  they have already established he was a muslim in their thread . 
  for them , is literally impossible that non muslims are capable of crime . 
  * mare nostrum intensifies *, 
  and spain is n't ? 
  yeah , do n't trust `` le iene '' . 
  tbh he had a very skewed vision of islam . 
  no true scotsman ? 
  bigotry is one hell of a drug . 
  if i get mugged , it 's probably because the guy who did it needs money , not because of its culture . 
  and you can go in scampia where people are mostly italians and never be seen again . 
  your point ? 
  but we are talking about work , not their impact on society . 
  i do n't get it , what define a compatible country ? 
  the foibe were exaggerated by our right parties to try to minimize italian atrocities in ww2 and for some genuine red scare . 
  oh do n't worry , i usually laugh when people parrot how the foibe were the worst thing ever . 
  saying it in italy is very controversial . 
  do n't worry , german turbines will direct it to nigel 's house . 
  since people are implying that he was arrested because the book in question was a quran and not another religious item , i 'm curious how their reaction would it be if the man was arrested for burning a bible . 
  it should . 
  ironically , the `` literally hitler '' has become a tired excuse from the people who support the politician accused : `` yes , he 's doing bad things , but you ca n't compare him to hitler because reasons , even if he does things remindful of the nazis . '', 
  it depends from what they 've eaten . 
  we 've already iceland on our side . 
  soon , the world will be purged from that abomination !, 
  can confirm , i 'm okay . 
  we have a lot of cats near monuments like the pyramid or torre argentina . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  here in italy , you can be kicked out if your clothes are seen as inappropriate . 
  yeah but ... she had to meet him in egypt , probably in a mosque or some other place regarded as very important for muslims . 
  so it was her that had to do `` as the romans do '' . 
  edit : to clarify , i think that she did the right thing : she did n't want to wear the veil , she simply said it . 
  end of the story . 
  the revolution has started ... good . 
  itt : wow , people really hate sweden !, 
  plus , have n't the baleares a greek \\ latin etymology ? 
  make afghanistan great again !, 
  the root cause of greece crisis is before euro . 
  it was written in the article . 
  yes !, 
  even if the series about the human body is the most famous in italy .
