  yeah , he made orgies great again . 
  agreed , even if at this point whoever does n't think alt-right = internet nazis is just a willful ignorant . 
  since they call themselves `` knight templars '' , the reasoning would be the same pseudo-historical reason used by the alt-right for the crusades : `` they are defending europe from the islamic horde ! '', 
  eh , i would not be surprised if there were a similar case nowadays in some rural parts of the country . 
  hell , some month ago something similar really happened . 
  and also king of poland !, 
  i think people from maghreb have more variety because of berber languages . 
  wait , was the family surname merah and they decided to call their son mohammed or they decided to call him mohammed merah + surname ? 
  not good . 
  yeah , but the outcome could 've been different if we not interferred . 
  i mean , the next leader of the free world hired a person who tried to repeal a law that made marital rape illegal . 
  and jean claude van damme to fight stephen seagall . 
  they 've done this because they knew they could . 
  the fact that rome has n't a modern surveillance system is a joke , especially in these areas . 
  your subway is perfectly fine . 
  rome 's stations are disgusting . 
  judging from its history , it is not based solely on the title . 
  ( he failed to identify a pic in r/massivecocks , tho ), 
  i knew it thanks to `` the rose of versailles '' btw , is n't the three musketeers set something like one century before the french revolution ? 
  ( first half of the xvii century ? ), 
  yep . 
  joke 's on them , i guess . 
  the problem is not only the amount of people , but that a significant part is composed by rude assholes that get wasted and swim in the canals . 
  when i read that people in barcelona were protesting against tourism , i was n't that surprised , because i know a lot of people who have been there just for the drug . 
  i mean , it 's nice to recreate historical centres , but i 'll find building new palaces with old styles as wildly out of place and very kitsch . 
  but maybe it helps that i like modern and contemporary buildings . 
  wut , art deco it 's a part of modernism . 
  because erdogan is a conservative and a bit of an islamist , so people believe he 's literally isis, 
  btw , mogadishu before the war looked very pretty . 
  i 've read people seriously concerned erdogan would bulldoze the greek temples and other non-islamic monuments . 
  it 's funny how the comments in this thread are literally what daesh proposes to women worldwide . 
  they do not offers feminism , they offer heavy conservatism and imposition of `` traditional '' gender roles depicting the west as an evil entity which is trying to undermine these roles . 
  or just as far right internet trolls say , they are trying to propose conservatism as the new `` counter-culture '', 
  if anyone 's wondering , the surnames fabbri , ferrari , ferrero etc are the equivalent of the english surname smith . 
  do n't forget that southern italy was held by byzantine empire for a long time . 
  the greek speaking communities date back to that period . 
  come on man , there 's no need to be a dick . 
  at least in america , it 's cool to hate antifa . 
  more than actual fascists . 
  i 'm not a commie , but this is a dumb argument . 
  `` you ca n't say all right wingers are all nazis '' `` all lefties are intolerant '' lulz, 
  given r/europe is often visited by some questionable individuals , i would n't be surprised, 
  same in italy . 
  the master race at it again . 
  you made a wall of text based on the word migrants , while the article only talks about `` ethnic minorities '' . 
  lol, 
   which ones ? 
  the migrants who 've burned all their id 's ? 
  you can , you know , recognise them by their face . 
  difficult territories to conquer and mantain and nothing really to gain . 
  calling germany deutschland while speaking in english is a special kind of cringe . 
  say it again !, 
  we could n't do anything because libya did not give us green light . 
  war , what is good for ? 
  fyrom continues on her quest to piss off greece , 
  we have always had a love/hate relationship with our cousins . 
  youtube comments are the mos eisley of internet . 
  i guess wars , religious zealotry and the need to recycle materials like marble completely destroyed them . 
  but a lot of dick amulets and priapus representations ( such as mosaics ) survived . 
  it 's nice that priapus is still remembered . 
  i wish there were some remaining dick statues in rome too . 
  holy shit i did n't know he is so old . 
  haftar ( and one of his supporters , egypt ) have terrible relations with italy and i think he wo n't be too pleased to know we can now go in libyan water . 
  this request of aid from one of the parties already means the truce was meaningless . 
  i mean , he was 70 when he died . 
  he would have kicked the bucket pretty soon anyway . 
  i guess the pilot was really hungry and stopped for a snack, 
  i 'll take `` i did n't read the article '' for 200 $ , alex. 
   italian support sorry , you meant nato ? 
  lol , this truce is feeble at best and the french are only legitimating a wannabe gaddafi who , unlike the original , does not have the full control of the libyan tribes and he 's supported by russia and egypt . 
  macron just wanted to piss us off and cover his questionable internal policies from the spotlights . 
  he is what we italians call `` un paraculo '', 
  and unlike glorious democratic republic of north korea !, 
  also , us supported iraq during the iran-iraq war . 
  is n't istanbul metro the oldest on the continent ? 
  his tribe was mongol-turkic and he was a descendant of kajuli khan , who was also an ancestor of genghis khan . 
  his culture was also influenced by mongol ( as well as persian ) culture . 
  also , timur reached and sacked yelets ( but he can be considered mongol too ), 
  note : you are not at war . 
  looks like some jihadist already returned in belgium . 
  really ? 
  i find that most of the time a restored and modernised building is better than the original . 
  yep , i would n't be surprised if he was in some kind of psychiatric threatment . 
  so second class citizens that they were often nominated ambassadors and governors . 
  wealthy people paying taxes = being burned at the stake . 
  makes sense . 
  well , 4chan has surely become a place of radicalisation . 
  that `` restaurant '' probably makes a shiton of money . 
  they surely could afford paying taxes . 
  sadly , that 's not rome case :(, 
  i do n't get the algerian bit . 
  we deport people who are in jail ? 
  because we already do it . 
  because tunisia is poorer and smaller than european countries and they are still recovering from the arab spring . 
  i mean , the core message is `` minorities , go out and vote '' . 
  not exactly a divisive message . 
  have you even seen the poster ? 
  why would that poster be vile ? 
  `` virtue signaling '' . 
  lol,
