  after all , we are on reddit . 
  haters will say it 's photoshop . 
  except khan was voted before the terrorist attacks happened in 2017 . 
  and the last significant islamist attack in london was in 2015 . 
  and khan has been in politics since the early noughties . 
   his whole appointment is a sign of european defeatism , tells the muslims that if they create enough friction they can expect more political power . 
  the waldo moment can be summarised in `` what if beppe grillo was a blue bear ? '', 
  they discovered that their flag was identical to that of haiti during the berlin olympics . 
  after that , liechtenstein put the crown on their flag . 
  `` i 'm not so important '' he seems a cool guy . 
  is that a hot dog ? 
  and . . ? 
  the islamists are sitting there beating their dicks to some midget porn , when they suddenly realize that it would be nice to bang some virgins , so they grab their knifes , and go absolutely haram . 
  yeah , evil government that regulates things so we do n't die in crash accidents or by food poisoning !, 
  literally hitler !, 
  rome is for many ways stuck in the 70s . 
  yep , we were quite late in women 's rights . 
  btw , the referendum was the first time women were allowed to vote . 
  pomodoro ( tomato ) means golden apple . 
  nero is back in town, 
  well , i guess the population will grow unless something really horrible happens , but i think the most worrisome country is nigeria , especially with the threat of climate change . 
  people are also shitting on actual refugees saying they are rapists or undercover terrorists . 
  somalia ... overpopulated ? 
  the people do n't seem to like him . 
  afghanistan has jungle fever . 
   most stories involve a franco-canadian alliance against the usa , but psychologist simon williams warns not to read too much political background in the tales of frantic lovemaking at international summits . 
  you know , i 'm pretty sure people do n't read slash fics mainly because of the political commentary of the author on the world . 
  even if said fanfiction involves two world leaders . 
  yep , same thing for apartheid government and colonialist forces . 
  why the fuck did i watch this before going to sleep ? 
  great meme war ? 
  jesus christ switzerland . 
  looks like someone watched the `` i 'm the captain now '' scene from captain philipps during a peyote trip . 
  [ batman actually visited batman ] ( http://www.sayfasayfa.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/yeniceri_selma_tolon_01.jpg ), 
  ben `` putting panic in the hispanic '' garrison . 
  r/european was some sort of european r/altright , mostly populated by americans pretending to be europeans . 
  it is . 
  europe 's fate changed dramatically ? 
  costantinople `` fall '' was just a matter of time . 
   mother rome a cheap imitation, 
  lost ? 
  costantinople in 1453 was just a shadow of its former self , it was depopulated and crumbling . 
  if it 's still relevant is because the ottomans made it their capital . 
  nice uniforms :d, 
  and that , kids , is why you should always lock the doors !, 
  you already stole some of the decor during napoleonic era . 
  context ? 
  when time comes ? 
  yeah , but they were filthy altaic unthermenschen !, 
  scots have a different culture than english , to be fair . 
  it 's scary that a lot of people wo n't care because they were muslims . 
  can you point a `` post-modernist '' ( is this a new buzzword ? ), 
  that said so ? 
  tnx, 
  people should n't blindly support a country just because it alligns with our goals . 
  we should always denounce wrongdoing . 
  wow , the guy is really a sack of shit . 
  edit : i 'd put a nsfw next to the link of that cartoon . 
  ah , in that sense then maybe they are like the relics in european churches . 
   swords and staffs and such , of david , saul , moses , joshua well , those guys are considered prophets in islam, 
  you realize that most of the commenters do n't really support his stance ? 
  less than half of the voters voted for trump . 
  and the turnout was incredibly low . 
  i could be wrong , but looks like kurds in turkey are very conservative . 
  not really surprising if you come in rome . 
  they are nice chaps , tho . 
  who are they ? 
  the m5s ( 5 stars movement ) has a lot of anti-vaxxers among their ranks . 
  sardinian is officially considered a different language and is protected by the law , just like german , friulan , albanian , greek etc etc. 
  yeah , because nato will totally leave that sweet strategic locations . 
  and i do n't think alienating turkey is the best idea . 
  i 've come to greece and i loved lamb gyro !, 
  lamb gyros is better . 
  so gyros are made from pig-fish hybrids beaten with a huge dildo ? 
  the guy is probably a troll . 
  their post history screams satire . 
  thank god we have the famous islamologist / u/acidpeace that have enlightened us !, 
  historical people stop being people and become symbols . 
  take genghis khan for example : did he murder , rape and pillage an entire continent ? 
  yes . 
  he is the main reason we know a country named mongolia exists ? 
  also yes , so i get why the people of mongolia are proud of him . 
  same thing for a guy like stalin : in the eye of russians he is the man who won the great patriotic war and elevated ussr at the rank of great power . 
  also , churchill at his worse was still better than hitler . 
  in rome , colosseum/vatican city . 
  vienna , budapest and prague were all under austrian empire . 
  ah , you have seen berlusconi 's new political program too !, 
  or you could be kidnapped and forced to fight : the von wallenstain method . 
  really ? 
  man , that 's awful . 
  sure , but i think that even if germany won ww1 soviet union would still have been a thing . 
  the russian revolution was literally fueled by germany . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_crimes_of_the_wehrmacht#rapes_2 here you are , i did n't want to link it because i ` mon mobile . 
  according to some estimations , wehrmacht raped something like 10.000.000 women in urss . 
  well , japanese government still denies their war crimes . 
  german and japanese athrocities were much worse than all the allies combined . 
  they actively encouraged their soldiers to commit war crimes . 
  edit : we also committed our fair share of war crimes . 
  human nature is communitarian at its core . 
  i 'm sure this thread will be level headed and rational .
