  arabs were still trying to push for indipendence . 
  even without ww1 , i do n't think the ottoman empire would have been able to mantain control of the region . 
  why ca n't they share their opinion ? 
   rescue them and send them straight home you still need to screen them ( and of course , they could be really refugees . ), 
   or to a third country reception center until they can be sent home as of now , we do n't have an agreement with any third country . 
  is not that easy  if they knew they were going to be sent home , and that talking a rickety boat to just outside libyan territorial waters would not result in a free trip to europe considering mare nostrum was established after a tragedy in which hundreds of migrants died , i doubt so, 
  yeah , new berlin would have been pyongyang, 
  `` here some flowers , sweetie , now get the fuck out of here ! '', 
  `` not this shit again '', 
  the first one looks like it 's outside . 
  bro-job choo choo !, 
  i mean , andalusia is very similar to north africa . 
  the questions of the national consultation were so bad it was hilarious . 
  holy shit you are retarded, 
  same with the uk . 
  some jurists say that italian is the official language since the costitution is written in italian . 
  still very gorgeous . 
  but the `` behind/ahead of time '' is meaningless , since a lot of cultures developed differently and maybe they were technically advantaged in some fields , but were lacking in others , like the aztecs , which did n't have the wheel but built majestic cities . 
  if you have seen gomorra ( the series ) there 's a [ spoiler ] scene inspired from that event . 
  i picked the username from an history book , but i know the song , 
  since there 's the - stan i guess it 's more a persian name . 
  just because other did does n't mean we should n't acknowledge what we did . 
  \u0628\u0648\u0644\u0646\u062f\u0627 but polandball does n't accurately represent the various languages . 
  it always reminds me of polandball , where arab countries call poland `` bolan '', 
  we committed our share of war crimes . 
  moving the goal posts here . 
  i live around muslims and i like them . 
  you are just proving my point . 
  lol, 
  are you trying on purpose to look brain damaged ? 
  because you are doing a good job . 
  so you scream at tourists ? 
  nice downplaying . 
  easy money !, 
  the drunk one . 
  that 's great , champ . 
  now take your pills and return to your padded room . 
  if they receive this kind of threatment back home , yes . 
  it 's easy to say `` muslims do n't integrate in our society '' when there are people who do n't want them to integrate . 
  maybe the little ghosts were muslims djinni !, 
  yeah , maybe renting was n't the most accurate word to use . 
  yep . 
  ottomans were `` renting '' the island to the british empire until ww1 , when the brits annexed cyprus . 
  nazi germany started the war . 
  by the time ussr invaded poland , uk and france had already declared war on germany . 
  not even close . 
  especially if you count that hitler is responsible for all the deaths of ww2 ( in europe and africa ), 
  i know that stalin was a brutal tyrant , but you ca n't exactly compare him with hitler . 
  especially not from russia pow . 
  qatar has a long history of being in bad relations with other gulf states . 
  when i was in paris the guide said the roundabout is almost like a test for parisians who have just taken their driving license ( or something like that , i do n't remember it very well ), 
   tight little stone-paved car-less streets . 
  not in rome , unfortunately . 
  a shame that roundabout is a deadly trap . 
  man , that 's probably what daesh would say . 
  it was only a false flag to blame peaceful right wingers who only say to kill all brown people ( / s if it was n't clear ), 
  umayyads in spain . 
  on one hand , doing it would send a strong message . 
  in the other , i fear for their safety . 
  there were certainly arab conquerors among the mawali . 
  and the elites during the caliphate were certainly arabs , since they were the exiled umayyads . 
  i 've started watching the french film `` the prophet '' and it 's damn good . 
  nigel ravage, 
  orban = general ripper confirmed, 
  [ fixed ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f6/flag_of_northern_ireland.svg/1200px-flag_of_northern_ireland.svg.png ), 
  oh do n't worry , i was nitpicking , 
  sufi is not a sect , more a philosophy that can be foun in every branch of islam . 
  dat ass !, 
  tbh he could be referring to africa or the middle east , which were the most urbanised parts of the empire . 
  fun fact : some archaeologist hypothesised the skulls of those mammoths were the inspiration for the cyclops . 
  true heroes, 
  it 's very expensive , tho . 
  in italian is `` maccheroni '', 
   you hate anyone who does n't believe exactly what you believe can we please stop with this litany ? 
  i hate lepen because she 's a horrible human being , nothing less , nothing more . 
  i love medieval/reinassance / baroque churches , but i rarely find modern churches beautiful . 
  i like the one with the rifle . 
  very powerful . 
  yeah , but in this case is not `` state 's official religion '' , but `` religion recognized by the state '' . 
  al-andalus =  andalusia same as in italian, 
  thanks for the salt , buddy . 
  this sentence gave me cancer . 
  first sunday after trinity sunday ( the sunday after pentecost ), 
  today it also started the napoleonic invasion of russia . 
  happy russia day , 
  well , maybe that 's the point . 
  they wanted to make it the most british pthey could . 
  most sunni nation do n't really care that much , actually . 
  and it 's not like they are a real threat . 
  ksa also emphasise on education . 
  gulen , turkish snowball . 
   marxist extremist i chuckled, 
  holy shit i 've read the questions of this `` national consultation '' . 
  what a joke . 
  that 's explain the friendship with berlusconi . 
  apart from the moral stance , there 's also the concern he could , once outside prison , regain control of his clan . 
  riina was under what we call `` hard prison regime '' ( very few , heavily monitored contacts with the outside ) because in a normal prison he successfully managed to order executions . 
  i hope he rots in prison . 
  plus , i really do n't get the '' [ insert ethnicity here ] is hot '' . 
  every ethnicity has what we conventionally consider beautiful women .
