  looks like le pen has found something new to whine about . 
  you still need to finish the manhattan project . 
  i would have guessed nina dobrev was a lot more popular than this guy . 
  citrus for uranium ? 
  ehy , we have that in rome too !, 
  only when it rains tho . 
  lot of mental gymnastics . 
  as i 've said before , this movements are composed by a mixture of people who think that foreign business will somehow ruin the beauty of the city ( but strangely enough , you never see them complaining about tourist traps or other questionable businesses ) and shady people who probably want the space for themselves / feel like the presence of a big company will undermine their profits . 
  if rome is sinking in shit is also their fault . 
  leftist ? 
  the guy is an obvious troll . 
  it 's quite ironic that fillon of all people talks about how bad appeasement is . 
  the same article . 
  it was a joke in the style of r/dontdeadopeninside, 
  they feel do n't italians ? 
  iirc , there was some sort of nationalistic movement in malta during the 800 and first half of 900 that wanted malta to become part of italy . 
  the only `` country '' who does that is not even recognized as such . 
  wow , this thread is a dumpster fire . 
  ah , good ol' ben `` one man klan '' garrison . 
  well , judging by the third photo , the mordor comparison is n't that far-fetched . 
  they just think they are so important . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  yes . 
  at least in italy . 
  eh , when i studied arab literature or anglo-american literature the professors gave us some notions about the foreign influence some authors could have had , but we did n't spend half of the lessons studying something which was n't the focus of the course . 
  `` is versailles a no go zone ? 
  more at eleven ! '', 
  tammikuoli tammikuoli give me the formuoli . 
  implying alde will accept them . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  i was referring to before russia released poland as an indipendent nation : france and her allies ( so the various italian states ) invaded poland ( in the sense that they passed through polish territory , even if they were technically invading russian empire ), 
  ironically , one of the problems the roman empire had in the end was the lack of slaves . 
  uhm ... what about napoleonic wars ? 
  i think the map colors the `` spiritual successor '' of the invader in some cases . 
  my guess is the war of polish succession . 
  it 's so sad that something that would 've been a source of joy is now just another burden on the citizens shoulders . 
  ehm ... the town was destroyed by an earthquake this summer . 
  economic migrants = criminals ? 
  as a roman , i can tell you the protest is horseshit . 
  people are complaining about mcdonalds while ignoring the countless disgusting businesses or the abusive street vendors . 
  hell , i would n't be surprised if the protest was started by a shady person who wanted the place for himself . 
  deal !, 
  for what is worth , i really love austria . 
  politicians having bodyguards ? 
  no way !, 
  they are quite famous here in italy . 
  we call them `` camini delle fate '' - `` fairies ' chimneys '', 
  what is funny is that in the 800s people believed that roma came from bohemia . 
  so like `` ra'is '' in arabic ? 
  thank you guys \u2764, 
  what does ` reis ' means ? 
  the left denies the holocaust ? 
  the 60 minutes interview is what snopes quotes . 
  do n't know for the first part , but snopes says he was n't a nazi collaborator and the whole `` no remorse '' was actually referring to survivor guilt . 
  why ? 
  did you forget to take your medicines ? 
   fighting `` far right racism '' love how they always find a way to see themselves as the victims . 
  edit :  trump winning completely fucks them . 
  no participation from the us means your little euro army will be book-ended by russia and us forces . 
  literally the opposite . 
  if anything , trump victory accelerated the process . 
  fair enough . 
  still , you can argue a lot of these things are more a regional thing that something universal in the muslim world . 
  not very clear , since muslim culture is a concept so vague i honestly do n't know where to look . 
  can you define `` barbaric '' ? 
  you are tearing me apart , turkey !, 
  nobody in italy is calling people racist solely because they have a different view on immigration . 
  yeah i was talking about kadyrov . 
  this not make putin an islamist , sure , but is quite ironic that people calls him a difensor fidei . 
   namecalling and shaming ? 
  well , there 's the theory that russia is paying these far right parties . 
  plus there 's the portrayal of putin as the ideal strongman who made his country great again and the defender of western civilization and christianity , ignoring that russia is not in a great shape and that putin is actually in bed with islamists . 
  there 's actually a theory that pompeii was a red light city like las vegas . 
  maybe is like the american university in kabul : not founded by americans but inspired by american institutions . 
  i 'm really sorry for your country struggle . 
  stay strong and be safe !, 
  you ca n't define 5s , they are whatever grillo wants them to be . 
  well trump already showed some of what he will do , but i really doubt people in europe are so informed about american politics . 
  gengis khan was fucking badass tho . 
  yeah , fuck innocent civilians , amirite ? 
  holy fuck , what a bunch of cunts . 
  what about reforms in jordan , morocco and algeria ? 
  yeah , racists are afraid of being called racists . 
  wtf, 
  according to the myth , he raped/had sex with her in the form of an eagle . 
  `` you ca n't be racist if there are no black people ! '', 
  she is talking about foreigners in general , not muslims . 
  fought for france in ww2 against the nazis ? 
  she does n't want integration , she wants segregation . 
  exactly . 
  maybe they are specifying that this structures are n't tolerated by the law . 
  yeah , he only gave ammo to his opposition . 
  for a lot of italians this was a vote against the establishment and not against the reforms . 
  i hope that after a rough time people will finally understand we really need reforms . 
  good one !, 
  thank you austria , i 'm sure you made the right choice !, 
  panettone does n't stand a chance !, 
   abomination against god ftfy, 
  the ukip official motto could be `` we want all the benefits , none of the responsibilities '' . 
   a return to the heights of ancient rome .
