  can a polandball comic make me cry ? 
  answer : yes . 
  hon hon hon !, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/conservative/search?q=le+pen&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all checked . 
  it seems they are very supportive of her . 
  yeah , the guy who post on / r/conservative was certainly undecided on who vote . 
  why even lie about that ? 
  if you do n't let them get under your skin , they are hilarious , in a `` freak show '' kind of way . 
  if you are a nationalist , why do you care for france ? 
  what about the actual minors ? 
   she has fallen into a group of anti-fa the scouts ? 
  well , yes , you are technically right . 
  can you please tell me where she said it ? 
  looks like a threat . 
  they should do something similar in rome . 
  not `` ban '' , but at least make takeaway food outlets ( and other business ) more presentable . 
  erdogan is an evil sjw , gotcha . 
  oh , i remeber it . 
  hearing our far right politician speaking in english was one of the cringiest things i 've ever seen . 
  it 's funny how a self proclaimed isolationist spends its time telling other nations what to do . 
  welcome to gibraltar , home of the thieves guild . 
  or so they 'd have you believe . 
  it 's all lies . 
  but if something like gay marriage is normalized and ingrained in our culture you will have more chance that at least second or third generation immigrants will be more open minded . 
  instead if you repeal it people will feel more emboldened in their homophobia . 
  gallia is occupied by franks , hungary by magyars ... 
  but no algarve , how do you feel about that ? 
  holy shit will this myth of rioting people being rich ever end ? 
  ehy , if you reverse positives with negatives you have the electoral campaign of lepen . 
  someone here does n't understand the concept of rethorical questions . 
  take a pill and stop acting like a twat , thanks . 
  when commas are important . 
   there are no french troops or french colonists in algeria today . 
  not for lack of trying . 
  was n't cyprus slaughtering ethnic turks ? 
  have you read the article ? 
  they are talking about injured soldiers , not refugees . 
  more like she bought a baby . 
  * military coup * `` it 's treason , then '', 
  again with this joke ? 
  talking about beating the dead horse . 
  we are talking about youtube . 
  i think it is so in every army , or police corp in europe . 
  i 've seen it in real life , it is truly stunning ( and big ) . 
  this but unironically, 
  nope , nazifascism means german nazis + italian fascists and it is a term used since at least 1945 . 
  it 's a simple crasis . 
  maybe only fascism , since it was the name of the party ? 
  their are currently calling for a weird crusade because dogs are considered impure in islam . 
  where macron said that ? 
  i find fascinating how much latin languages looks like . 
  during my travel in italy , i read principally the cartels in italian because i do n't really know english . 
  i understood almost everything , it was shocking !, 
  personally , i think the nearest language to english is catalan , but italian is in second place . 
  then , i 'll say spanish , portuguese , romanian and finally english . 
  culturally , i think the italian are the closest to us , just after the belgians . 
  you talk about the [ norritude ] with the same passion of the french people , 
  britain preventively occupied iceland to prevent the nazis doing the same . 
  every day is macaroni day here . 
  just like there where bernie ( or obama ) voters that voted for trump i guess . 
   deported actually , the city was already depopulated by the time the ottomans conquered it . 
  mehmet and their successors repopulated the city with people of all confessions ( a lot of jews came to constantiniyye after the alhambra decree ), 
  ah , that one was also great . 
  plus , i think the last guy who used the expression `` they breed like rats '' was probably the speaker of radio t\u00e9l\u00e9vision libre des mille collines, 
  it 's amusing in its own way . 
  the amount of bad they manage to pull out every time is astonishing . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/6732gh/live_french_election_results_and_discussion_thread/dgnphk7/ enjoy . 
  there were more insanity , but reading to much of those posts will probably cause me an aneurism . 
  at the live thread at t_d they are literally hoping for a terrorist attack to help le pen win . 
  we are all sons of troy ( italians will understand ), 
  it 's sad that every thread , no matter the topic , always goes full `` evil spooky muslims '', 
   western georgians nice !, 
  the first six cities are the major cities from celtic speaking regions ( scotland , ireland , wales , cornwall , isle of mann and brittany ), 
  i will  ( when i 'll have enough money ), 
  ah , i thought the `` many tourists '' were italians in ukraine ( which , btw , i really want to visit ) . 
  tourists nowadays are actually disappearing from rome , but the other cities are always full of them . 
   too many tourists really ? 
  cultural homogeneity is literally used by the eurosceptics as a reason to not unite europe . 
  they need to feed their victim complex . 
  how ? 
  i do n't know how people who literally have a job because of the freedom of movement can say `` the cons outweigh the pros '', 
  they do n't want to eliminate the cons and keep the pros . 
  they want to exit from the european union . 
  this should be the first question . 
  thanks for the straw , man . 
  i was thirsty . 
  looks like a banksy murales . 
  more a 2nd amendment joke . 
  i do n't get it , since italy of the present is not as successful as the roman empire , we do n't have cultural ties with it ? 
  that 's like saying spain is completely different from the spanish empire . 
  for `` folklore '' i was talking about cuisine , legends , language ( not only the language per se , but also idioms ) . 
  plus , you ca n't dismiss the presence of the monuments as just `` few ruins '' . 
  what i find strange is that this argument rises only when rome is mentioned . 
  nobody ever discusses if modern greece can claim cultural ties ancient greece . 
  i guess you 've never been in rome . 
  a lot of folklore and traditions came straight from classical rome . 
  yeah , i knew it was kind of silly , but i thought , since i 'm actually from rome , why not ? 
  you can actually visit the place where two of the aforementioned four emperors were killed . 
  this is ... beautiful , really . 
  beating a 73 years old to death , cowards .
