  nice mustaches . 
  according to an iranian friend of mine , ahmadinejad was very influential and tried to curb the influence of the ayatollah by creating is own cult . 
  well , in 2013 good ol' ahmadinejhad was still in power . 
  that 's probably our greatest weakness ( not only in france ) , the fact that we are supposed to `` play by the rules '' while for them everything is fair game . 
  if you try to stop them , you are exactly like them !, 
  gay propaganda of course means showing your sexual identity in every way . 
  want to kiss your boyfriend ? 
  you ca n't , thanks to mayor nazi . 
  genocide apologia in / r/europe . 
  nice . 
  khaled al-asaad should be remembered as a national hero once this mess ends . 
  netherlands and reichtangle best friends . 
  those stupid faceless scientist eurocrats are completely out of touch with we , the people \u2122 and just do the interests of the all powerful wind lobbies !, 
  i guess they are using the term `` real '' because a lot of newspapers used rape for every form of sexual assault during nye ( groping , verbal molesting ), 
  because legitimate criticism of various issues in islamic societies are usually buried under a ton of xenophobic rants . 
  look at the various far right parties in europe : they revel in their outrage culture . 
  when the left `` defends '' islam , it 's defending the personal right to worship whatever one wants and not be harassed for wearing a hijab or praying on a rug , not the oppression of women and gays . 
  same here . 
  muslims are the religious group who donates more money . 
  yeah , i think the most venetian of dutch towns is amsterdam . 
  i guess this is also true among the older people in italy . 
  at least in the middle east , people find inconcievable the idea that people does n't believe in a higher being . 
  one of my closest friend is from tunisia , and she is an incredibly lax muslim , but when i said her i was an atheist she was astonished . 
  you mean like the `` swedistan '' above this comment ? 
  well , this thread is gon b good . 
  it 's feminist and sweden being `` shamed '' in a single sentence , most redditors are probably creaming their pants . 
  i guess you have n't ever seen a picture of islamic architecture . 
   dual nationals of arab and african countries would also have to renounce their french citizenship i do n't understand ... people will be forced to choose only one nationality or people from those countries will simply have their french passports revoked ? 
  `` people die when they are killed '', 
  well , that 's simply not true . 
  my eyes are bleeding, 
  this would be terrible because we have `` pizza al taglio '' ( pizza cut in tiny squares ) . 
  got it . 
  thank you , 
  `` we need something to decorate the mosque '' `` mosque ... muslims ... is n't egypt a muslim country ? '', 
  `` yes '' `` then put a bust of a pharaoh and we 'll be fine '' jokes aside , very pretty , especially the small living room . 
  what is the huge crowd in the second photo ? 
  and what 's going on in the third ? 
  just give him your bank account and he will pay the ransom !, 
  / r/the _ italia . 
  come on guys , you could have chosen a better name . 
  eh , so was trump . 
  really ? 
  i wonder if all the white supremacists know about that . 
   they converted to islam later due arab conquest yes , but that is because there was n't a central strong church in morocco which could have better preserved christianity ( like egypt ) , while at the time of the reconquista islam had already strongly influenced moroccan culture and society . 
  please geert , you would have taken scurvy in one week . 
  do n't forget he is of indonesian descent . 
  how ? 
  she 's just using strawmen taken directly from tumblrinaction . 
  muslim is used for the people , islamic for things . 
  morocco was quite powerful at the time . 
  plus , apart for the coastal cities , there is n't much to gain ( and the various tribes would have made on hell of a resistance ) . 
  plus , i do n't think it would have been possible to christianize morocco ( maybe going full genocide ) edit : too many plus, 
   first they will censor news you disagree with , soon they will cansor you . 
  those are n't inconvenient truths , those are lies . 
  one thing is fredom of expression , the other is propaganda . 
  yeah i know , but people in this thread were obviously referring to them, 
  fmg is something done by muslim on their ( also muslim ) relatives and people in this thread are using it as an excuse to victimize themselves . 
  marxist universities ... lol, 
  what i was trying to say is that this is one crime that would 've happened regardless of the country ( so the edgy comment of the guy above is horseshit ) , be it england or mali , but at least in the uk there 's a chance that the perpetrator will be punished for this crime and put in the condition of not doing it again . 
  the guy probably thinks the mainstream media are part of the judeo-reptilian-pizzagate conspiracy, 
  oh sorry , i 've misread your previous post . 
  where did i say i 'm ignoring the problem ? 
  nice . 
  `` i do n't care about fgm , as long as they do n't do it in my country '', 
  i mean ... erdo is a scumbag , but i do n't think he is going to blow up archeological artifacts . 
  there were still people who did n't think natives were n't humans . 
  i remember my history teacher in high school reading us a pamphlet written during the conquest of the new world which suggested natives were more similar to insects than humans . 
  we will build a wall and make us politics pay for it !, 
  so ... just because there is no central authority we can do whatever we please ? 
  i thought we stopped doing so 100 years ago . 
  they were both conquered by the hausburgs . 
  italian anthem specifically mentions the partition of poland . 
  nah , he 's just telling an alternative truth !, 
  poland is mentioned in italian anthem . 
  polan stronk !, 
  oh , do n't worry , i 've figured that out , 
  i 'm not mexican but sounds about right . 
  why exactly a representative of a district had a say on armenian genocide ? 
  sunset invasion ? 
  neo nazis have a weird love/hate relationship with israel . 
  and greece says `` can you maybe chill ? '', 
  orange shower ? 
  greece = lol, 
  [ here you are ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/alamut_castle ), 
  azerbaijan coat of arms is one of my favorites . 
  amongst the eu countries i 'll probably say austria or portugal . 
  edit : also , i love saladin 's eagle ( syria and iraq ), 
  ah yes . 
  thank you , 
  when i was there , i 've also seen a sign which said il-qaira . 
  am i correct ? 
  if you were in san julian , you probably only met italians . 
  rabat means essentially suburbs in arabic . 
  this statue is inspired by the lady of ephesus , in turkey , which is adorned in the same way , even if some scholars think they are not breasts but bull testicles . 
  another intifada will be beneficial for the higher spheres of israel . 
   we no longer have our hands tied as in the time of barack obama . 
  now we can finally build . 
  these are going to be four long years ... 
  he meant radicalization in palestine .
