  i 'm from rome ... 
  we had like , 4 emperors in one year . 
  same here . 
  what 's wrong with that phrase ? 
  le pen is infinitively worse than melenchon . 
  it 's just circlejerk . 
  look at this thread and how 90 % of the comments are the same overused joke . 
  i seriously hope for a another , successful coup . 
  even if no wins , erdogna deserves to be in prison . 
  viva v.e.r.d.i, 
  it 's not like he built that walls . 
  and of course , not all vatican is surrounded by walls . 
  and ? 
  they have no problems voting for a racist . 
  grandreplacement ? 
  breaking : satan murdered with polonium !, 
  from the 2 pictures looks like pakistanis do fairly well too, 
  well , the role of godfather is fitting for putin , if you know what i mean . 
  america , land of the free ... 
  melbourne was founded by batman . 
  how do you study turkish literature ? 
  the novels / poems are translated in modern turkish or merely transcripted from ottoman alphabet to latin alphabet ? 
  edit : thanks for the replies guys . 
  `` pls send money '', 
  what you said for italy is fairly accurate : there is more awareness and more enforcement of the rules but it mostly depends on the bartender/tabbacconist . 
  the general rule is that if you look outrageously young they wo n't sell you anything and will ask for your id ( even if you effectively are 18 + ) but if you look mature enough they wo n't ask any questions . 
  probably italus , legendary hero and eponymous of italy . 
  coffee . 
  it 's hard to find a good espresso in other countries . 
  well , after the earthquake , it 's understandable . 
  churros are n't as sweet as pastries tho . 
  barefoot when is warm , crocs and socks during winter . 
  i was in edirne for like two days . 
  maybe i will visit turkey another time this year from cyprus . 
  albanians are stereotyped as thieves . 
  same with romanians . 
  sadly , we are very xenophobic . 
  they are disliked because their business are generally cheaper than local business . 
  and chinese restaurants are usually seen as unhygienic and poisonous . 
  do n't forget chinese , romanians , albanians among the most disliked . 
  too tired to go out tonight . 
  the south . 
  being so from 1861, 
  ksa has taken refugees . 
   finally , you see countries nearby , the gulf states , they are n't taking anyone in . 
  there 's a feeling why should we take thousands of refugees in if saudi and the uae are doing fuck all ? 
  this is simply not true . 
  it was n't based on real claims . 
  it was just mussolini plan 's to connect libya with eritrea and somalia stealing egypt and sudan from uk ( of course the plan failed ) . 
  our real - ism would be irridentism , taking back territories historically inhabited by italians or that were historically part of italian kingdoms ( istria , dalmatia , corsica , nice , savoy , malta , montenegro and albania ), 
  czech republic or azerbaijan . 
  the decameron - boccaccio . 
  straight from the middle ages , but the protagonists of the various novellas have very italian attitudes . 
  i guess it mostly varies between countries . 
  i was in jordan and i never felt in danger , and some friends/relatives told me the same it 's true for most of the gulf states , but countries like egypt or algeria are n't very safe ( even then , it mostly depends were you go ) . 
  smug more in the sense : we are more hard workers , quieter and cleaner than you italians . 
  in italy the city of milan and ( sometimes ) south tyrol . 
  best of luck !, 
  it depends , there are bar which act as meeting points , especially in smaller towns and among older people , while in others people just spend the time of a cup of coffee . 
  you see a lot of people in bars here in italy , no matter the hour . 
  carbonara in italy is made with eggs and bacon/guanciale in france is made with cream , onion and other things . 
  we have the dolomites . 
  match me !, 
  so middle east will legalise gay marriage and achieve gender equality ? 
  i hope so for them . 
  so we are aiming for scientific victory ? 
  `` do you live in the colosseum ? '', 
  since the colosseum has no doors . 
  every day . 
  the zone around my university has a large muslim community . 
  ( and of course some women wear the hijab in the university ), 
  i love cats . 
  i think they are better than doggos ( do n't hate me plz ), 
  turkish , swahili , amaric and kuridish . 
  fruits are very common in italian gardens ( i 'm talking about lemons , oranges , figs etc etc ) , vegetables less so . 
  i was referring to pizza al taglio . 
  pizza ( duh ) . 
  but every region has its own typical street food . 
  truth , justice and the american way . 
  i think superman is very much american . 
  my uncle lives in london , and my cousin spends a lot of time abroad ( mostly arab countries ) because of his job . 
  tea is not that popular in italy . 
  ( except for ice tea ), 
  the reinassance . 
  franco nero ( the original django ) appears in django unchained . 
  lisbon , madrid or barcelona : good quality of life and good weather . 
  it 's weird that my flair is shown in sidebar but not when i post . 
  i 'm from italy btw, 
  since we were fractured into small city-states often influenced by foreign powers , there are a lot of cultural differences : i will try to semplify . 
  language : what we consider `` dialects '' can be considered different languages , think of the various arabic variants . 
  architecture : generally , the big cities in the north are more `` european '' : large boulevards , `` parisian '' buildings ; while the southern cities ( including rome ) are more medieval/baroque . 
  behaviour : northerners are more disciplined , on their own and almost snobbish , while southerners are more frendly and open , but at the same time very loud and can be seen as annoying ( i am stereotyping of course ) . 
  generally the south is seen as more religious and anchored in the past , while the north is more `` progressive '' politics : very difficult to say : generally the north east is right wing , the centre is ( far ) left . 
  here in rome , different neighbourhoods are politically different ( for example , eur is right wing , while garbatella is left wing ), 
  it 's funny that that parrots would n't be considered exotic in rome . 
  roma-lido ftw . 
  there 's also libero , which is like `` il giornale '' but with more scantily clad women . 
  sadly , quality is slowing fading away . 
  blondie . 
  tuscan and romagnolo,
