he 's talking shit . 
  what we pay off our salaries for public healthcare in poland this year is around 270 z\u0142 , that is literally $ 82 . 
  eighty-f * in-two us dollars for a system that covers basically everything - including brain surgery or chemotherapy . 
  of course it 's not perfect - lines are often pretty long . 
  what what can you expect for 82 bucks a month ? 
  but life-saving procedures are performed right away . 
  and they ca n't charge you a penny for that . 
  i think that this is a very fair price to pay for being able to live with this knowledge that if something happens to me today i wo n't have to sell everything i 've got tomorrow , is n't it ? 
  on top of that , there is a private healthcare sector that is very cheap . 
  for example , you can get mri with contrast for like $ 200 or ultrasound for $ 30 . 
  public dental care is crap , but i get private ultrasound scaling for $ 25 , same for filling , pay nothing for checkups , and the standard of service if astonishing . 
  and of course you can get private insurance here . 
  what is more - it 's not even that expensive . 
  the problem is that there is virtually no insurance company that would cover the whole range of procedures you may need some day . 
  the cost of the `` best '' options is close to public insurance , but they surely do n't pay for hospital treatment . 
  private healthcare that does everything and provides better conditions without lines must be more expensive than public . 
  multiple insurers instead of one also mean higher prices due to simple economies of scale and other various reasons someone has already brought up . 
  the problem with polish public healthcare is that it 's simply underpaid . 
  i repeat : $ 82 a month for full coverage . 
  oh , one more thing . 
  one of the reasons those insurances are pretty cheap is that those companies have their `` treatment centers '' , clinics , etc. 
  only in the biggest cities . 
  if they were also supposed to maintain hospitals that are now available even in towns of 15,000 + paramedics and ambulance system , insure all kinds of people ( including pensioners - right now it 's only relatively healthy people in their twenties to forties who buy their services ) and , at the same time , maintain high standard , the costs would simply go through the roof . 
  indeed . 
  poland , czech republic and slovakia - yes , they are comparable in all listed aspects , but ukraine and belarus ? 
  do n't think so ... - different religion ( orthodox vs roman catholic/non-religious ) , thus cultures are not the same , - lower gdp per capita ( especially ukraine where it 's several times lower ) , - politics differ significantly ( bielarus is basically autocratic whereas ukraine ... just turn on your tv ) - languages - kinda similar , but different alphabet . 
  both strongly dependent on russia . 
  and so much more to that ... 
  unfortunately , putting fences around every possible property is a polish sport , too ... 
   you obviously ignored the debt , which was always rising , but never as fast as it was under po and it did n't help to `` invest '' the money they 've taklen from the retirement funds . 
  it 's not that big of a rise , it was 45 % of gdp in 2007 and 56 % in 2013 ( and mind that there was a crisis along the way ) . 
  the figure for 2014 is 50 % but that 's after taking over retirement funds so let 's say we skip that . 
  still , compared to the rest of eu it 's pretty low . 
  about those private retirement funds - it 's not like it was a pile of cash laying somewhere waiting to be used and then the evil government just came over and burned it . 
  a lot of those funds used to be invested in treasury bonds which basically made the state responsible for future pensions anyway and the funds were effectively just state 's obligation that in case we need that money they will give it to us . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for the idea of the state being as little involved in various matters as possible . 
  i just think the way this money was utilized was , let 's say , not the best ... 
   stabilised public finances yeah ... no . 
  they did reduce some taxes ( e.g. 
  lower top income tax rate for the richest ) , and simultaneously rised fixed spendings which kicked us into the excessive deficit procedure when the crisis came . 
  like it or not , our current government is much stricter in balancing public finances than pis was . 
  you also forget to notice that they used to hold power during great prosperity period - they could as well do nothing and we 'd still develop rapidly . 
  po had the crisis to deal with - this was much , much more difficult to handle . 
  our deficits ( in relation to gdp ) have been going down for some time , too . 
  about those retirement funds - it 's not that simple . 
  they invested most of it in treasury bonds anyway . 
   looking at that video though i think warsaw should burry that road so it becomes better connected to the river [ it actually is buried ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@52.243568,21.0262421,252m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) , it 's just 900 m though ... 
  `` jajca '' is `` balls '' in polish as well . 
  `` jaja '' means `` eggs '' but is also used as `` balls '' , 
  like i said , it 's not just office space anymore . 
  such names are being given to a lot of residential buildings so it ca n't be justified by foreigners being the clientele . 
   now the old names are cool i guess it is in general . 
  on the other hand it feels to me that foreign names and their grotesque derivatives ( especially regarding their spelling when some parents try to polonize it which results in creatures such as `` dejvid '' instead of `` david '' ) have recently become more common among particular ... people . 
  afaik some legal restrictions regarding names were lifted not that long ago so i guess it might have something to do with that . 
  i think warsaw beats the record in giving foreign-sounding names to places . 
  most of new construction ( skyscrapers , offices , residential areas ) has `` center/plaza/tower / park/spire/residence / city '' in it 's name . 
  sometimes it gets really comical , especially when mixed with some random polish word or the name of the street/district ... 
  ok , i was wrong ... because it turns out that if we factor in our financial contributions to eu ( yes , they do exist ) those subsidies have contributed to about 3 % of our gdp so far . 
  this number has also been and will be gradually dropping to reach only under 2 % in like 5 years . 
  and then we 'll probably become net payers , contributing more that we 'll get cause other eu states are next in line . 
  this surely compares to russia where their oil/gas exports have over 15 % share in country 's gdp , right ? 
  if you 're not in favor of subsidies , then fine . 
  frankly , i do n't like them either for various reasons that are too numerous to explain here . 
  but if the concept of equality on common eu market still means anything then if we do n't get those subsidies - nobody else should . 
  not ^ even ^ french ^ farmers . 
  'cause i was answering an american ? 
  yeah . 
  i 've read articles here about `` proper use of air conditioning '' and they all say that keeping your ac lower than 6 deg . 
  c below what 's outside is a health hazard . 
  so basically it it 's 100f outside you must not cool your house down below like 90f cause you 'll surely be sick the minute you go outside . 
  also , car ac is instant death , obviously ... 
  this is probably less than 5 % of our gdp year to year . 
  also , over 30 % of those subsidies go back to `` old '' eu in general ( for example , germans get back  80 % of what they invest here through eu funds ) . 
  there are organizations in poland that propose abolishing all income taxes ( both pit and cit ) and replacing them with only one corporate revenue tax . 
  calculations show that a tax rate of only 1 % would result in the same budget revenue the state receives from income taxes now ( actually even less , like 0,5-0 ,7 % would be enough ) . 
  the reason they propose that is because our current system based on taxing income is extremely ineffective . 
  only 1/3 of companies pay income tax as 2/3 of all companies show no profit whatsoever . 
  50 % of foreign companies pay no tax as well because apparently they have no profit at all ( yet somehow they continue to operate and expand ) . 
  afaik , tesco , for example , has a few billion $ turnover just in this country and yet they do n't pay a penny in income taxes . 
  with 19 % cit and 18/32 % pit our effective tax rate is somewhere around ... 8 % ? 
  half of what irs collects is spent on irs itself ... also there is a constant stream of news about company vs. tax office disputes because profit = revenue-cost so irs officials have doubts whether e.g. 
  toilet paper for the office toilet can be considered a cost for the company because obviously , the owner of the company might take a roll or two home making it not a corporate spending and that should be taxed !, 
  income tax also wastes ( on average ) hundreds of hours of entrepreneur 's time every year . 
  they say revenue tax would be bad for small companies while bringing profits for large ones - frankly , i do n't see how . 
  as i said , large companies do n't pay taxes 'cause they have easy ways of hiding profit and there 's nothing that can be done about it . 
  small companies do n't have such opportunities which makes current system pretty unfair . 
  in fact , our companies can choose whether they want to pay income tax ( 19 % ) or something that essentially is a revenue tax but it 's just not called that way . 
  that `` revenue tax '' can only applies to certain businesses ( some services , restaurants etc. ), 
  if their revenue is below ~ 150k $ / year and the rates vary between 3-20 % . 
  if you asked companies that qualify for this form of taxation they would tell you that they are very happy with that as the paper work is very limited and they pay less in taxes that they would pay if their income was taxed instead . 
  that said , if they had to pay ~ 1 % instead of 3-20 % they would be nothing but happy about it . 
  this should be pretty obvious that bureaucracy reduction can only be done is you introduce significant simplification to legal procedures first . 
  red tape in poland is in many cases freakin ' insane and the number of people employed by government agencies is a direct result of that . 
  for instance , abolishing income tax ( at least personal one ) would result in  50 % of irs workers having nothing to do ... 
  did n't they lower healthcare contribution as well ? 
  considering that our healthcare is heavily underpaid it was n't a wise move at all ... 
  afaik public debt to gdp ratio has been constantly falling down recently , so ... 
   every candidate does n't want a progressive tax either . 
  well , not many qualify for the highest rates ( and not because the thresholds are set too high , it 's simply because there are n't many `` rich '' people in poland ) and if some already do they do n't pay it here anyway , hence there 's very little extra revenue for the budget from this so why bother ... 
  i also think that postulating any tax increases these days would eliminate the candidate right away - nobody wants to pay more for anything .
