  both in buildings and underground ) . 
  the thing is those areas already have access to multiple cable companies and local providers that offer fast connections for cheap . 
  i do n't really see them winning many costumers this way . 
  at the same time , if you live in a house in the suburbs or in a village ( so basically half the country or more ) , your only option is usually orange phone line ( surprise ! ), 
  or some ( often shitty ) local wlan ( i did n't mention lte cause i do n't think it 's a proper access for stationary use ) . 
  lines are usually pretty long so not much is available ( a few mbps , up to 20 if you 're lucky to live near dslam ) . 
  there 's still hope in small companies as they 've been updating their technology and they use ftth more and more often , mostly thanks to eu subsidy programs that finance such networks . 
  i think sooner or later orange phone lines will be dead in such areas ... 
  you can already see the [ results ] ( http://imgur.com/vnujfvn ) . 
  it 's very bad since foreign debt goes before everything else and our current budged has probably the highest deficit ever . 
  it all does n't really matter . 
  those retirement funds invested money in state bonds . 
  state bonds are effectively just a promise that the state gives in exchange for money that in case you want it they will give it back and even add some more because of interest rate . 
  so in reality the state was responsible for those pensions anyway . 
  they did n't really take anything , they basically swapped `` we promise this private company that if they want money we will give it to them '' with `` we promise this person that when the time comes we will pay him/her pension '' . 
  that would probably be about $ 1m per km in poland . 
  maybe they meant patching potholes 'cause that would be more understandable ... 
  fair enough , but my point is that having some sort of appointing procedure at least appears to be `` democratic '' and qualifications-based ( whether it 's genuine is a separate issue ) , as opposed to openly picking people up by some state official ... ps . 
  privatizing public tv would end this issue once and for all . 
  except for badly managed privatization , it 's only business owner 's call on what to do with what he owns . 
  if he or she decides to sell it abroad - so be it . 
  i would say that lack of economic patriotism certainly plays some part of the problem ( both on consumer 's and business ' side ) but i can also see that things have been changing on that field for some time now . 
  we do have some companies that begin to buy out foreign companies . 
  not that long ago i read that polish company had bought out the biggest inland navigation company in the east of germany . 
  some polish brands begin to be important eu market players and some already are . 
  let 's give it some time , thing are going in good direction ( or at least not in the bad one ) . 
  road construction is paid for by the state , so it would only be natural to get rid of tendering procedures and let some state official choose construction companies himself , right ? 
   89 % of the money sent to poland as part of eu structural policy returns to german firms in form of cross-border orders . 
  yeah , i 've heard that somewhere but you should 've mentioned it also said that it was 89 % of the money that germany sent us that goes back to germany . 
  you basically wrote that almost all of eu funds we receive go to germany which is obviously not true . 
   and you forgot that poland not only receives the money , but also pay taxes ... what we receive is still much more than what we pay , despite the bullshit spread by certain media or websites . 
  it 's all public data , no need to base your knowledge on dodgy sources . 
   ... and has to abide the eu laws that paralyze its economy . 
  that again ... 
  it 's like you see the mote in your neighbor 's eye but not the beam in your own . 
  when will we finally realize that the amount of crap we deal with in poland when doing business or running paper works has nothing to do with eu regulations ? 
  if anything , it 's the eu that made us liberalize our economy prior to 2004 as it was necessary for our accession . 
  since we got in , the process slowed down as our motivation went away . 
  eu legislation regarding business is actually very relaxed and free-market-oriented . 
  enough to say that often mentioned `` wilczek 's bill '' fully complies with it . 
  it 's what we legislate right here that makes it so hard for entrepreneurs . 
  common eu standards are what we needed for a long time since it makes exports much cheaper and easier for our companies . 
  same in poland . 
  the procedure 's similar in poland but at least you have your passport delivered home by tnt ( premium option , costs a few euros ) or you pick it up at tnt pick-up location that you specify during the interview . 
  regular mail seems like a really bad choice for mailing id docs ... 
  that is true . 
  but most of all , it gives us great leverage in negotiating gas prices with russia . 
  our current contract expires in a few years and i 'm sure that our new prices will be much lower because of what 's been done in the last few years . 
  not that long ago there was no technical possibility to import gas from anywhere but russia . 
  today , a significant percentage of our imports can be supplied by other countries . 
  i heard it has something to do with the diameter of sewage pipes that are ( or were ) used for toilets in certain countries ( i 've heard of the same thing going on in ukraine , maybe greece too ) . 
  this might 've gotten people used to not flushing toilet paper as it clogged toilets . 
   it 's easier to draw goofy geometric shapes with a mouse than a beautiful building beauty is generally a matter of taste . 
  plenty of people find geometric shapes beautiful as well . 
  it 's not software , it 's trends that change over time . 
  typical medicine commercial in us tv : 00:00 -00:10 : suffering from bipolar disorder ? 
  ask your doctor about blah-centa '' 00:10 -02:00 : do not drive or operate heavy machinery when on blah-centa . 
  seizures , increased cholesterol , impaired judgement , increased heart rate and trouble swallowing have been noticed with patients using this medication . 
  contact your doctor if you notice uncontrollable limb movements as they could be permanent . 
  increased risk of stroke or death applies . 
  fever and diarrhea could be symptoms of dangerous reaction and may lead to coma or death . 
  increased intake may by fatal ... next commercial : `` suffered from side effects of taking blah-centa ? 
  be a part of class action against blah blah ... '' that 's just off the top of my head :d, 
  yup . 
  american schools are kind of like ... prisons ? 
  seriously , i 've seen schools with barbed wire fence and no street facing windows there . 
  our approach is much more relaxed here . 
  children go to school mostly alone ( on foot , bike or using public transport ) . 
  in suburban areas with poor transport they 're picked up by a school bus but from a bus stop , not a driveway . 
  their parents give them a ride only if it 's the only way to get there or they go to work and drop them off en route . 
  schoolyards are not locked up , kids leave during breaks to go to a store , park , etc. 
  those who decide to play hooky are not chased by the police , their absence is logged in the register and parents are notified during parents-teacher interviews . 
  well , if it happens worryingly often or usually does n't happen at all then parents might receive a call about it but that 's it . 
  i always watch it on bbc just for graham norton 's commentary . 
  one of them is about to become the minister of environment . 
  i pay 7 $ / month for 5gb lte data + unlimited calls + unlimited text here in poland and it 's a prepaid offer . 
  concrete is also very heavy . 
  sound waves have to be quite strong to make materials of such high inertia vibrate ( thus transmit the sound ) . 
  it 's the opposite , actually . 
  we have one of the best banking services in the world . 
  instant transfers , contactless payment , mobile banking apps , online banking , card payment - countries that are considered more advanced than us are actually years behind in those aspects . 
  there are countries in western europe where you ca n't use your card to pay for gas , visa/mc is not supported , you need to be a resident to start a bank account and schedule and appointment two weeks in advance to do that , etc. 
  not to mention the usa which is literally 15 years ( or more ! ), 
  behind on that . 
  do n't even look at those claims , compare luminous flux ( light output ) instead . 
  it 's given in lumens ( lm ) for every light source you buy . 
  there 's a myth that cfls consume tremendous amounts of energy at the beginning and apparently it 's alive and widespread . 
  as an electrician - that 's just bullshit , they start with power consumption even lower than nominal just to reach nominal one when full brightness is reached . 
  the thing is every on/off cycle shortens it 's life so in places like stairwells they 're actually not the best choice - the amount of energy consumed by regular incandescents is low anyway as they 're rarely on . 
  cfls cost much more and may never pay off due to premature breakdown . 
  leds are much better in this case . 
  i switched to induction a few years ago . 
  i will never go back to gas again !, 
  tbh i 've never heard of lpg explosion in an accident ( tank construction and emergency valves prevent that ) while there are numerous cases of cars burning down because of gasoline fire ( which is highly flammable and kept in a plastic tank ) . 
  lpg lowers engine power by < 5 % so it hardly matters . 
  the only practical downside might be restricted access to some underground parking lots ( which is n't ubiquitous since properly ventilated places allow such cars to park ) . 
  here in pl plenty of people use lpg . 
  the tank needs to be refilled more often than diesel/gas tank but almost every gas station sells it and the price per liter now is like 1.80 for lpg , 4.30 for diesel and 4.60 for gasoline . 
  even though you need to burn a little bit more of it , it cuts driving costs at least by a half . 
  and it 's actually super clean .
