  eu funds are like 2 % of our annual gdp so yeah , gambia right away ... 
   in uk average polish women have twice as much kids as in poland . 
  well , that 's just because of the age distribution of immigrants . 
  most of polish women in the uk are in their reproductive age which distorts statistics . 
  taking that into account makes their fertility not much different from local women . 
   uk , france , ireland , or even germany does n't have it . 
  germany 's fertility rate is 1.42 while ours is 1.32 . 
  we 're both far from replacement fertility ( which is around 2.1 ) , therefore we 're equally screwed on this field ... 
  where i live it 's 0.51 eur/m ^ 3 or 1.50 eur/m ^ 3 if sewage is included . 
  it 's not in the city , though . 
  they usually charge more in urban areas . 
  in warsaw , for example , it 's about twice as much . 
  monthly fees are pretty low , 0.50 eur in my case . 
  having your own house there are usually two meters . 
  one measures water consumption at home and it 's used to calculate sewage charge , the other meter is for water consumed outside ( watering the garden , car washing etc. 
   for the longest time , there were also no rules regarding spatial planning . 
  you could build pretty much anywhere you 'd like . 
  this lead to linear settlement on a massive scale . 
  you basically described present day poland . 
  spatial planning in the cities is often shitty , usually no planning at all in rural areas . 
  villages stretching out along the roads for kilometers , often national roads which leads to annoying 50 kph speed limit on inter-city routes . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@52.3143969,21.0467219,2855m/data=!3m1!1e3 ) is one of warsaw 's districts - an ultimate urban planning nightmare - housing mixed with commercial facilities , detached houses with apartment blocks , hour-long commutes to work or school etc. 
  handing out construction permits like leaflets recently lead to water shortages on higher floors of some of the buildings due water system not being designed to serve so many residents in that area ... 
  it was on a highway so there 's no way he was avoiding any head-on collision . 
  that said , i have no idea how he managed to crash into the convoy , maybe just got too excited seeing it ... 
  maybe try [ luxmed ] ( http://www.luxmed.pl/en.html ) or [ medicover ] ( http://www.medicover.pl/en/default.aspx ) . 
  [ not really . 
  also , number of registered vehicles rose from about 9 million in 1990 to 19 million now . 
   doors are always quite thick with extra padding that padding is pretty common in older apartments and it 's mostly for attenuating noises from the staircase . 
  the door underneath is pretty shitty , some kind of wooden frame with cardboard filling . 
  houses these days have thick ( up to 10 cm ) and heavy doors but that 's for thermal insulation . 
   i had always learned that a single , larger unit is more efficient than multiple smaller units . 
  this could be right with older units because of on-off cycling . 
  fixed-speed compressors ( common not that long ago ) could either work with full power or not work at all , therefore ductless units , usually too large for the room they handle , would constantly kick in and then turn off over and over again . 
  ducted systems ware usually better suited for the space they deal with and would n't cycle that much which made them more efficient . 
  it does n't matter today since new ac units have compressors with inverter drives , they can seamlessly adjust their cooling output to what is actually necessary which gets rid of cycling altogether , it also increases momentary efficiency . 
  either unit will have identical seer ratios . 
  window units are just a makeshift solution , they are always less efficient since they 're small and everything has to be packed in one case . 
  both `` door top '' and central ac units are exactly the same device - a split type air conditioner . 
  the only difference is that one has it 's evaporator installed in a duct while the other places it directly in the room . 
  also , both of them are heat pumps - that 's what almost every ac system essentially is . 
  there are also evaporative cooling systems but the use of in residential locations is rare . 
  both ducted and ductless systems have identical cores ( therefore efficiency ratios are equal as well ) , but ducted systems as a whole are always 10-20 % less efficient than their nominal rating because of duct-related losses . 
  if anything , decentralized ac is more efficient since there 's no losses on ducting and it only cools where it 's necessary . 
  some old window units are shitty for sure but new split-type units are super efficient , new units also precisely adjust cooling output to interior conditions and run that way continuously which increases efficiency even more . 
   it 's not like i 'll spend any less time hanging stuff in electric drier than in passive drier ? 
  clothes dryer looks exactly like a washing machine , you do n't hang clothes in it , you just throw them inside and then pull them out dry after an hour or so ... 
  it depends . 
  i 'm pretty sure what they call `` brick houses '' in the us are still wooden-frame houses but with brick veneer , therefore the brick is separated from the interior with a layer of insulation which significantly reduces it 's thermal mass 's impact on interior temperature . 
  it 's the other way around in continental europe where brick is the structure and insulation is on the outside . 
  it helps in the summer certainly , opening windows all the way at night to cool the house down and closing them as soon as temperatures inside and outside equalize maintains comfortable temperature inside until the afternoon usually , so you save energy on ac that way for sure . 
  unfortunately , it gets quite hot in the evening anyway and if it 's really hot for many days then at some point the night 's too short to cool that thermal mass down anymore and ac becomes very helpful . 
  in the winter people maintain constant temperature inside anyway so after a few days that thermal mass equalizes with the interior and heat transfer through the walls depends only on temperature amplitude between the sides of it . 
  it 's good to have a heavy wall inside that the sun could shine on through the windows , it stores solar gains and indeed saves some energy , but it 's not that significant provided you do n't live in a passive house . 
   that 's interesting , particularly given the widespread deployment of 240v in europe ; i 'd think that it 'd be even easier to deploy clothes dryers . 
  the voltage 's roughly the same ( 230v ) , although our dryers come with standard plug like every other appliance ( 16 amps max ) while yours always run on dedicated 30 amp circuit ( 24 amps actually 'cause of 80 % derating rule ) , therefore it 's 3.7 kw vs. 5.7 kw . 
  it translates to about 35 % longer drying time with european dryers , but that 's not a problem since our washers also take longer to do one load so it does n't really affect your laundry schedule  there is n't any particular technical limitation that would explain why it is the way it is , but i have a theory - our standard receptacles are quite powerful when it comes to how much power they can provide , hence no one bothered to introduce special dryer hook-up since it was somewhat sufficient already . 
  standard us receptacles are relatively weak in terms of power output so an alternative solution was necessary ( to avoid 4 hrs drying time ... ) and at some point of history they probably just went `` while we 're at it , why not make it extra powerful '' ... 
  anyway   do you have an opinion on why folks in , say , poland , would n't go in for clothes dryers ? 
  hard to say . 
  electricity is rather cheap in poland ( compared to other eu countries ) , similar to some areas in the us , but wages are much lower so that 's definitely one of the reasons . 
  also , most europeans live in apartments rather than houses and for some reason they favor having their personal washers in each apartment over using common laundry area in the basement as americans do . 
  the washer ends up in the kitchen or bathroom and fitting another appliance there would be hard ( mind that our apartments are also smaller than yours ) . 
  i think something must have happened in the us decades ago that made people consider dryers as something essential in their life , probably good marketing that created that particular need ( just like a few years ago everyone was ok with their flip-phones etc. 
  and then suddenly the iphone came out and bam !, 
  everyone started considering it necessary in their lives shortly after , even though smartphones were a thing for some time already ) . 
  it 's similar to automatic car transmission . 
  in the 50 's ( i read it in some book ) they started advertising it in america as `` a car that your wife can easily drive '' ( advertising was ... different back then , apparently ) , people fell for it , it turned out it was nice , then more people experienced it , thought it was better and now 95 % of vehicles in the us are automatic . 
  europe - still in minority . 
  but people gradually surrender to it . 
  i remember not that long ago ( 15 years maybe ) dishwashers were rare , people of course considered it unnecessary and whatever , now every new or renovated house or apartment has one and it 's usually a must-have now . 
  maybe it 'll be the same with dryers . 
  for poland , and eastern europe in general , there 's also another reason which is decades of ineffective socialist economy , it was the 90 's when we started catching up with the west in terms of home appliances and such . 
  yes , but their wages are low enough to compensate for the price difference . 
   no wonder they run the ac or heater 24/7 . 
  bricks or wood are just structural materials , they have very little to do with energy consumption . 
  electricity is the least common source of energy for heating as it 's the most expensive one so i would n't attribute electricity usage to house insulation . 
  there are a few reasons why americans consume that many kwhs in their households , and two most important ones are air-conditioning ( ~ 30 % of residential consumption ) and ubiquitous clothes dryers ( quite and achievement to find one house there that does n't have one ) . 
  both of those things are almost non-existent in european homes ( except maybe for ac in southern regions , but the dryer situation is the exact opposite of us one ) . 
  tbh , in rural areas it 's mostly just roads that are lit and it 's done with hps , mh or led ( recently ) lamps with downward beams . 
  it 's the urban areas with their parks , campuses and public spaces that are often lit up by those omni-directional fixtures that light up the sky and the interiors of nearby apartments more than anything else . 
  i 's just a photo . 
  it would n't be so bright irl . 
  you can look at that little piece around the clock that 's been cleaned some time ago , or the columns at the entrances , it 's actually much darker . 
  i thought '' :d '' at the end was enough but i added / s in there just for sure ... 
  this age group changes views overnight . 
  give them maybe 10 years and they 'll settle down with their politics a little bit . 
  just a year ago most of them would vote for korwin and used to have pretty libertarian views . 
  now pis is their idol - i wonder how long it 'll last . 
   a boy adopted by two gays gon na be what ? 
  gay , obviously :d edit : / s, 
  jan szyszko , the minister of the environment :  our ministry is strongly focused on protecting polish identity , polish interests and what is most important in poland - family and cultural identity associated with the christian heritage . 
  and i thought they were supposed to protect the environment . 
  stupid me !, 
   ( france telecom through its subsidiary orange was testing here reliability and acceptance of ftth ) . 
  they piss on everything outside of cities , though . 
  at least in poland . 
  instead they focus on areas where competition is large . 
  a few years ago they rolled out vdsl which basically works in big cities only ( short lines required ) . 
  in 2015 they introduced ftth in major cities , apartment block neighborhoods in particular ( because it 's easy and cheap due to existing conduits/shafts etc.
