  yeah , like in australia or something ... / s we dig 1 km deep holes and deal with dozens of unions with their unrealistic requests while in places like australia or the us they just have open-pit mines with mining costs way lower than ours . 
  you really do n't need chinese prisoners for that . 
  forcibly sustaining enterprises that do not generate any revenue and have no chance to do so in foreseeable future is nothing more than throwing our money into bottomless pit . 
  the sooner it ends , the better . 
  it 's actually a 1-phase system . 
  the primary winding of a residential step-down transformer is single-phase . 
  the secondary is single-phase too and it gives 240v , it 's just that it 's tapped in the middle and grounded there so there 's still 240v across and 120v between the grounded center tap ( neutral ) and each end . 
  the rest of the us distribution system is 3-phase , like everywhere in the world . 
  three-phase low voltage systems are used in commercial and industrial locations . 
  holy shit , over 3 $ / month/kw , that 's a lot !, 
  how much ( more or less ) is it per kw ? 
  in poland there 's a flat fee for contracted power but it only applies to companies . 
  households only pay per kwh and on top of that there are fixed fees that depend on the type of service ( 1-phase or 3-phase ) . 
  i only pay 2.50 $ / month for 25kw 3-phase service . 
  yup , grand central . 
  i think the difference is that with your single handle you can also adjust water flow ( by somewhat tilting it ) , apart from just adjusting temperature and having no control over water flow which is either off or on full blast . 
  i 've recently replaced water plumbing in my house and installed a circulation loop . 
  the hot water tank is in the basement , quite far from the bathroom , it would take minutes before the water would reach the faucet so at the end of the plumbing ( near the tap that is farthest from the tank ) the hot water pipe continues and goes back to the tank . 
  there 's a small pump installed near the tank that keeps circulating water in that loop so any time you use any tap , hot water flows almost instantly . 
  every apartment building has this system , there 's two hot water pipes in the plumbing shaft - one to deliver hot water and the other that circulates water in that main pipe from the top of the building back to the tank in the basement . 
  if it were n't for this system , people living on the 10th floor would probably never experience hot water in their taps or in the morning it would take 15 minutes before it would appear . 
  i suppose in some countries it is/was popular to install a small radiator supplied by that circulation loop but it certainly would waste energy in the summer . 
  most of all , it 's safer . 
  scenes like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ret1fcphs6u ) wo n't happen with water . 
  water is also not as hot as steam so i presume that the heat loss through insulation of the pipes is lower . 
  as for residential use , steam-based systems are pointless since it 's much easier to handle water . 
  high-efficiency condensing gas or oil boilers require low-temperature medium , otherwise condensation wo n't occur and energy will be lost . 
  water-supplied radiators are safe to touch , whereas those supplied with steam are ridiculously hot ( at least that 's the experience i had ) . 
  i think it could be like this if that radiator was specifically installed for the purpose of drying towels ( or as a result of crappy plumbing ) . 
  most of those `` ladder '' type radiators , however , are used as a primary heat source for the bathroom and drying towels is just an addition so it stays warm all the time ( unless that thermostatic valve attached to it decides the room 's warm enough and shuts it down for a while ) . 
  those laws are usually just for building management and the like , though , it forces them to turn on the heating system in the building by certain date instead of keeping it off as long as possible to save money , etc. 
  technically there 's no problem in turning the heating on even in the middle of the summer since there 's hot water available all year long ( after all it heats tap water as well ) . 
  it just saves money on electricity for running circulation pumps and stuff . 
  what happens when those water-based systems are damaged is nothing compared to steam-based systems [ like in new york ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ret1fcphs6u ) . 
  just google technical requirements for highways around the world and you 'll see for yourself . 
  we 've started building our highway system for good like a decade ago , it meets the most recent requirements . 
  the west has finished most of their highway networks decades ago . 
  many highways there often have no emergency lane or it 's ridiculously narrow , lanes are usually narrower , there are exits to the left , no fence , no wildlife overpasses , occasional u-turns and direct access from dirt roads ( !, 
  ) , 80 kph speed limits , no median ( just a barrier ) ... not a single thing i listed exists in poland ( maybe except for the old a4 section that was built i the 30s ) . 
  not to mention ours are brand new so the surface quality is great . 
  many people in our road construction sector will tell you our highways are over-engineered , especially the motorways that are build with a geometry that we might as well put up a 200 kph speed limit and no one would even notice they 're going that fast . 
  we leave 12 m wide median strips for the 3rd lane to be built in the future even though most sections will probably never even see traffic volumes that require further expansion . 
  maybe it 's because ... there 's simply no highway connecting warsaw and cracow ( s7 ) yet ? 
  most of it is to be completed in 2017 and 2018 . 
  if you 're talking about a4 then it 's simply being repaved which is normal for every asphalt highway in the world and happens every 8-10 years . 
  other than that , except for regular maintenance works ( such as washing the signage or cutting the grass in the median ) i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  our highways are of superb quality compared to those in most of europe , most likely in the world , too . 
  afaik our current government wants to introduce such regulation `` to protect workers '' . 
  except if they work on sunday they get some other day off ( do it 's not like they work 7 days a week ) and 1/7 of them will be fired when the regulation goes into effect ( which is only rational ) . 
  somehow those who propose such change never mention it . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , certainly no one will be fired , our government will politely ask store owners not to lay anybody off because of that , just like they politely asked banks not to higher their fees when they introduced extra banking tax ( they did , surprise surprise ! ), 
  or the retailers when they introduced extra retail tax . 
  / s i think the next thing should be sundays off for gas station workers , hospitals and power plants . 
  that would only be fair , i see no reason to favor retail workers while everybody else has to work . 
  edit : they also want to ban 24h liquor stores , supposedly to `` fight crime and alcoholism '' . 
  except people tend to drink more when they make large supplies of alcohol `` just in case '' rather than just going out to buy more for the party when there 's none left . 
  it 's been the same way in poland with the us visas . 
  because of all the headlines i 'm pretty sure a lot of people actually believe that visa-free travel means exactly what we have in the eu while the only actual difference is there 's no need to visit the embassy before leaving to the us for the first time . 
   just to say a 60 watt old style filament light bulb can be replaced with a modern 4 or 5 watt led . 
  so 30 times less electrical usage . 
  it 's actually more like 6w led replaces 40w incadescent , 6-8 times less powerful . 
  if it says it 's more on the box then it 's either bullshit or it costs an arm and leg . 
  and that 's only for steel pipes . 
  all the plastic and copper is sold in metric sizes . 
  steel has n't been used for plumbing for decades over here , except for some kind of special applications like fire systems ( sprinklers ) . 
   air conditioner : 2.2 kw if that 's the power consumption then the cooling output is 7-8 kw for modern ac units - that 's usually enough to cool the whole house . 
  for 2.2 kw unit the power consumption is closer to 600-700w . 
  seasonal energy efficiency is higher than just plain cop - around 5 for typical systems , with 7-8 available . 
  if it was n't for the screens i 'd have swarms of flies inside half year long , not to mention bugs and mosquitoes . 
  one mosquito is enough to ruin your sleep at night , it keeps buzzing around my ears which drives me crazy , plus you wake up with itchy bite marks . 
  the nearest lake is probably 30 km away ... 
  it 's different in cities , though . 
  i used to live on 10th floor and i do n't recall a single fly in two years . 
  not to mention that this underground parking has three levels iirc . 
  the one mentioned in the article is in gliwice , 300 km away from warsaw , although what you 'd seen might have been the raszyn radio/tv mast which is in the outskirts of the city and it 's 335 m high . 
  winter tires have [ differently shaped tread ] ( http://www.albatyres.co.uk/images/winter.jpg ) for better traction on snow and ice . 
  also , rubber compound in summer tires hardens in low temperatures while the one used in winter tires does n't ( but it gets too soft in high temperatures , therefore using them in the summer will wear them out pretty fast ) . 
  if you switch to gas then district heating wo n't make sense anymore because natural gas is burned more efficiently in your own boiler , not to mention distribution loss . 
  for coal burning those co-generation plants are a much cleaner solution than individual systems , even if they 're located within city limits . 
  based on average efficiency of coal burning and natural gas burning , natural gas heating is only about 50 % more expensive than coal . 
  and you 're probably right . 
  power plants capture like 99.9 % of particulate matter , perform sox and nox reduction , burn coal with the best possible efficiency and then release the rest 200 meters over the ground . 
  by contrast , residential coal-burning boilers have almost no control over the combustion process leading to unnecessarily high toxicity of exhaust gases that are then released into the atmosphere right over your head with absolutely no treatment . 
  not to mention many people burn stuff they should n't , e.g. 
  plastic waste , old furniture , etc. 
  i started learning english when i was 5 years old : two years in preschool ( extra classes that kids ' parents paid for ) , 6 years in elementary school ( it was supposed to be compulsory from 4th grade on but our school introduced it in 1st grade anyway ) and three years in high school . 
  other than that i took a year of extra classes that my high school offered due to some eu grant they got . 
  it took four hours out of every saturday but i do n't regret it at all , it was super fun and i really learned a lot back then . 
  there was also a year or two in college but it was n't super satisfactory since the curriculum was adjusted to most student 's skills . 
  what else ? 
  countless hours of tv shows , movies , videos - all in english . 
  some books as well . 
  the last time i checked was a few years ago and they rated me c1 + / c2 but i never really stopped learning , i still do . 
  the one thing i 'm kind of pleased with is that i managed to master my american accent to the point of usually being indistinguishable from native speakers  aside from my native polish i also speak a little bit of russian . 
  it was taught as a second foreign language in my school so it started in 4th grade and then it continued up until the end of high school so i learned it for nine years . 
  nine freaking years but i can only read it and do some basic speaking - it really affects your language skills if you 're not exposed to it on a regular basis . 
   it 's poland not holland it 's often due to wrong pronunciation of `` o '' in `` poland '' by most poles , though . 
  pronounced properly poland and holland sound quite different . 
  here in poland literally takes about 5 seconds ( with contactless payment ) and i 'm talking about debit cards ( i use mastercard , but it 's the same with visa , etc. ) . 
  stores requesting minimum amount for electronic payment can get in trouble with their acquirer ( it 's a contract breach and their terminal could be taken away or they could be charged some kind of fee for that ) .
