  according to some polls 40 % of the country 's men have used it at least once in their lifetime , by far the highest percentage in a european country, 
  yes , that is a good one , one of the last times i went , at 3 am we went out for a bit , and there was a dude bleeding on the floor , he had been kicked out of the club , and someone had cracked a bottle in his head i think . 
  then a taxi hit a friend of mine in the leg ( you know how narrow streets full of drunk people in the queue for the club get ) . 
  a wonderful night indeed i was n't there , but on another ocasion a friend of mine got involved in an small incident that resulted in some idiots getting kicked out , and then when he left they ganged up on him . 
  i mean people from my university , from my group of friends and also acquaintances , and i am talking about people in both the capital of the country and in the furthest province ( meaning , small towns ) . 
  they are between 19 and 23 years old , and many of them are university students, 
  bearing in mind the kind of experience your average nighclub offers in general , with shitty music , hyper crowded rooms , drinks that cost like gold , and music so loud that when you exit it seems that you have been to a world war 2 battle , and also taking into account the experience offered , at least in some countries , to the group of people who do most of the paying ( because women usually enter for free , and get invited to drinks , i do n't say it to be sexist , but it 's the truth ) , what amazes me is that they even exist at all . 
  most of the people i know go to pubs or bars , go and drink in some park , or make parties at houses . 
  i 've also observed an increasing number of young people switching nightclubs for brothels, 
  then maybe you can help me , because i do n't know what the hell he was trying to convey with that moronic sentence, 
  [ bad spanish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbi1fus4bni ), 
   is n't it the case that teachers are judged based on the amount of students that pass the year ? 
  it is exactly this . 
  if a teacher shows a low performance ( performance is measured by students who pass ) , they get trouble from the higher level , ( inspectores ) . 
  do you even lift ? 
  i honestly do n't get it . 
  you can finish your entire compulsory education without even trying . 
  i do n't say it to sound smart , but to illustrate how our education system has degraded over the past 20 years or so . 
  just look at what students studied 30 years ago and now . 
  education has become a political battlefield , every time there was a goverment change , the system suffered important structural changes , and all the work and the millions of euros invested in elaborating documents and all the bureaucratic aspects of said changes went to waste time an again . 
  not to even mention the lack of any kind of long term vision . 
  education laws used to last at least 20 years . 
  in the last 25 years we have had the logse , the loce , which was overwritten before taking effect by the loe and them the lomce , and since it was approved by a party by the power of their balls and now the political landscape has changed , rest asured we will have a new one . 
  i could write for hours about this , about things that many teachers and education personel have told me , and about my own experiences , but the system incentivices teachers to just pass everyone to save trouble . 
  i do n't know why they are not complaining about having 40 students per room , about the lack of discipline , about the horrible results we have had for decades in every ocde ranking , etc , instead of this pointless complaint which is n't even true . 
  not `` palma '' , but `` la palma '' . 
  palma makes you think of baleares . 
  not to be confused with `` las palmas '' , which is the other province of the canary islands . 
  edit : the news itself does n't said that it will be relocated , it says it may be , which has been said for years . 
  plus they put a map with the wrong location , 2000 kms away, 
  your point being ? 
  if a man turns out to be an asshole , that is not ilegal . 
  those who hold that opinion should not vote him . 
  that is legitimate . 
  if a man gets into politics , and steals money from the nation 's taxes in order to make himself rich , that is ilegal , and he should go to jail . 
  see the difference ? 
  we 've got 50 % youth unemployement , low stability , sub 1000 $ wages , expensive real state prices from the bubble , and divorce rape . 
  i think i 'll pass , thank you . 
  i want to be an spanish politician wasting a year sleeping siestas and producing nothing worthwhile and with nothing to show , and still getting paid way more than the majority of people who actually work seriously . 
  what a sweet life it must be, 
  that bill does sound horrible , but you do realize that there are deeper moral legal and biological questions to this whole issue than `` telling a woman what do do with her own body '' , right ? 
  some people just want to display how morally superior they are and will compare you to hitler for even trying to point out the most basic advice to protect yourself , if it goes against their narrative . 
  you are either a master troll or trusting to the point of lunacy . 
  life pro tips : - do n't go in bikini in the middle of the street in saudi arabia . 
  - do n't leave your car with the keys on in the worst hood of your town - do n't display 500 $ notes in public . 
  your reaction : omfg shitlords i can not even believe it ffs stop victim shaming i do n't need to be sensible everyone else needs to be a good person . 
  if you do n't want to risk your video to go public , do not make it and do not pass it . 
  simple practical advice . 
  if renfe is run by a bunch of useless idiots who do n't even know how to make a legal schedule , that is not the driver 's problem . 
  if people want to be angry at someone it should be the company . 
  this dude could not drive by ** law ** . 
  they may as well have asked him to shoot the passengers . 
  i mean that had rosellon remained spanish , their culture would be as protected as it is today in catalonia . 
  spain as a whole can hardly be accused of trying to suppress catalan culture , with catalan being an official language and the vast degree of autonomy our state model provides . 
  i do n't know about france . 
  i 'm sorry for them and all , but they kinda brought it on themselves . 
  we used to have two big old parties in parliment , - partido popular , pp , they are liberal-conservatives - partido socialista obrero espa\u00f1ol , psoe , they are socialists . 
  they have formed every government since the francoist regime but the first one . 
  when the economic crisis in 2008 hit us , psoe was in power . 
  they pretended that nothing was wrong only to do too little too late , and pp won with an [ insane advantage ] ( https://carloslopezruedas.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/elecciones-generales-2011.png ) and absolute majority in 2011 pp then proceeded to do almost everything they said they would not do ( raise consumption taxes , health and education cuts , rescue the banks ... ) and they made overt corruption their trademark form of government . 
  political figures were involved in corruption scandals of all kinds , regional leaders , former ministers , even the party 's treasurer . 
  the party itself got investigated , and in general , there is a big scandal every couple of weeks , a month at most . 
  in december 2015 elections , the parliment fragmented , and two [ new parties emerged ] ( http://ep00.epimg.net/politica/imagenes/2015/12/20/actualidad/1450649531_236410_1450650744_noticia_normal.jpg ) , ciudadanos and podemos , after the elections , no one supported pp , so even though they were the party with most seats , they did not even try . 
  psoe and ciudadanos tried to form a government , they had about 125 out of 176 seats , so they failed . 
  then the parliment was dissolved and we had new elections in [ june 2016 ] ( http://lalagunaahora.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/elecciones-26j.jpg ) , everyone did worse except pp . 
  pp tried to form a government with ciudadanos and one or two parties with one seat , they got 170 out of 176 seats , so they failed . 
  the thing is , that 3 of the 4 main parties are needed to form a goverenment . 
  ( at least one needs to abstain ) psoe hates pp 's podemos and pp hate each other ciudadanos will not support podemos , especially because podemos wants a referendum for catalonia . 
  psoe can not join podemos for that same reason . 
  so right now we have been about 10 months with no government , and it looks like we will have another failed legislature , the parliment will be dissolved after maybe another failed attempt by someone , and we will have new elections for the third time in december 2016 , where we may get the same results again . 
  our political paralysis seems to be here to stay, 
   according to lithuania 's foreign minister , linas linkevicius , the current tactics used by russia -- fabricating an attack in order to respond to it -- resemble those of the soviet secret police , the kgb . 
  those are kgb tactics ? 
  because the us has been doing those since 1898 at the very least . 
  on the other hand , obvious putin is obvious, 
  i am close to finishing , but no , no debt . 
  my parents do support me . 
  the university itself costs about 1800 $ per year . 
  i use the ( fantastic ) university library for books and the university provides us with free downloadable material , cheap good quality books published by them and free licenses for the software we need , so i spend almost no money in that area . 
  i want to do a two year masters degree , which is more expensive , around 5000 $ a year , but i intend to start working in a few months , so it should not be a problem . 
  that is understandable . 
  if there is one thing tourists love more than visiting a fantastic country it 's not getting fucking murdered by a yihadist . 
   lets say would you lick your queens cunt for 50 000 # ? 
  i would be paid 50 000 # ? 
  [ hell yes ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/r/godo/lv/p3/website/2016/01/19/recortada/img_csierra_20160119-191706_imagenes_lv_gtres_letizia1-381-k3ue-u301518986504bce-992x558@lavanguardia-web.jpg ) . 
  i 've done way worse for free , so when you have it all set up , do pm me . 
  it is a completely pointless suggestion . 
  what are they gon na do ? 
  nuke us ? 
  as far as i am concerned they may as well put those warships in my pool, 
  there is an anime , the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya . 
  in this anime there are 8 consecutive episodes which are exactly the same episode except for very minor artistic differences , where the characters are trapped in a time loop of the same day , and experience it 15000 times . 
  i feel exactly the same way . 
  the wrath of the gaylord of the homoimperium will fall upon them, 
  the purpose of the meat industry is to feed the population . 
  unnecesary pain should be avoided , i agree on that . 
  rock climbers do not hurt anyone else purposefully . 
  it is true that sometimes they have to be rescued , but 99.9 % of the times this is not the case . 
  source , i am a rock climber . 
  the purpose of matadores is to kill an innocent animal in an unfair spectacle for the lolz .
