i am sorry , but no , that is not true . 
  in madrid everybody drives horribly , that is true . 
  taxi drivers , motorcycle users , bus drivers , police , and regular drivers all apply the old rule `` maric\u00f3n el \u00faltimo '' . 
  but in my experience , in most of the country people drive properly and respectfuly , and i have no complains . 
  ( except taxi drivers , who drive the same everywhere ) edit : and if you look the list u/fodtp posted , you 'll see we have one of the lowest fatality rates in the world , because there has been a big effort to reduce them in the past 15 years . 
  do n't you have some big elections like next year ? 
  the article has several dubious claims , to put it mildly, 
  what is the big deal ? 
  this has been done for decades , these deals started with the ussr i believe edit :  russia and the united states are signatories to the open skies treaty , which allows unarmed observation flights over the entire territory of all 34 member nations to foster transparency about military activity and help monitor arms control and other agreements . 
  senior intelligence and military officials , however , ** worry that russia is taking advantage of technological advances to violate the spirit of the treaty . 
  ** is this not kind of the point of the treaty ? 
  it sounds legit to me . 
  i have done a lot of research myself . 
  at some point in the past i had hundreds of gigabites of research data . 
  it 's a shame investigators and talented people are not supported by the public anymore . 
  this is completely outrageous . 
  i can not believe he was watching porn like every dude ever . 
  in the case of my country , i have testimonies of people who were alive back them and material to get a reasonable idea up to 70 years in the past , so i do n't find it that doubtful at all that we can get testimonies from yugoslavia, 
  in my country at least , asian almost always means chinese , japanese , or korean , and i have not even once heard it used for a person from pakistan , india or sri lanka, 
  i think a lot that sentiment comes from the huge damage they did to us 200 years ago basically , we were going to invade portugal together , and once they entered our territory , they turned on us instead , replaced our king and made us fight a long and bloody liberation war to kick them out of our country . 
  this was devastating for the spanish empire , and the brutality of the war caused a lot of hatred . 
  if we move to now , our relations are good , we have had sour disputes in some fields , like economic aspects of european integration , and it 's not that we hate each other , but they certainly are not our brothers or anything remotely similar like many would say the portuguese are . 
  some people i 've talked to dislike french people because they are all serious and think they are superior or better than us i personally do n't feel any anymosity at all towards any french individual on the basis of them being french , most of the french people i 've met have been great people , but with france as a country , in my opinion , our national interests collide a lot, 
  i would say that portugal is our favourite country , i think everyone likes portugal and it 's people on the other hand , maybe not enemies , but to answer op 's question , i would say france is our least liked country . 
  edit : oh , and morocco, 
  nonsense , everybody knows that 500 $ notes do n't exist, 
  i certainly do n't, 
  no , i am saying that the individuals who enter ilegally ( forcefully or covertly ) into a country , are commiting a crime against said state , not against property, 
   trespassing is act against property , booby trap - against people . 
  ca n't equate property with people . 
  ilegal entry into another sovereign state 's territory is not an act against property , is an act against that state if one country invades another , that is not an act against property, 
  the pasodoble [ paquito el chocolatero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7jzwqibx5i ) if i had the power , i would make this the national anthem, 
  i ca n't believe this is still such a big deal . 
  here it got approved over a decade ago , and i ( and in my opinion , the majority of young people in my country ) could n't care less about whom marries whom or what they do . 
  yes , but this has nothing to do with sweden , `` sueco '' in that saying [ comes from latin ] ( http://www.muyinteresante.es/cultura/arte-cultura/articulo/icual-es-el-origen-de-la-expresion-hacerse-el-sueco ) soccus , which is a kind of shoe , [ zueco ] ( http://dle.rae.es/?id=cwlfl8j | cwmxuad ), 
  i totally believe them, 
  if they say they will deport up to 80 000 , they will likely deport 800 at best . 
  i did n't know that , though that may change , we are in the process of forming a new government ( general elections were 26 days ago ) but any sane person can see that we are in no position to gladly accept refugees . 
  our unemployement is 22,7 % , and youth unemployement is over 50 % . 
  also , we have had deficits for i believe 8 years now , and our public debt is skyrocketing . 
  until these and many other economic problems our nation faces are solved ( then we would also have to take into consideration whether welcoming people so radically different in massive numbers is a good idea ) , accepting refugees is , in my eyes , borderline treason . 
   for about 3000 years now , if i 'm not mistaken , everybody and their mama is trying to come to europe . 
  so please tell me the news here . 
  yeltsin disagrees, 
  you are sure none of us visited an actual death camp ? 
  [ lol ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rryhtgq.gif ) ** all hail u/millz the illustrous ** . 
  the one an only european to exit his hometown . 
  as a matter of fact , i have , i visited the auschwitz complex , and i am pretty sure many of us have visited camps . 
  and no , justice is not in fact inevitable . 
  you only need to be an important enough fellow to get helped by the us or the soviet union to get away with it in exchange of military secrets , or be from the allied side . 
  in any of those instances you will get away with it . 
   the wheels of justice may grind excruciatingly slow , but they must be seen to grind fairly , inevitably , and inescapably . 
  i say the same thing i said to the other guy . 
  these are not wheels of justice , this is pointless and misdirected revenge and political agenda . 
  if this were motivated by justice , you would also see war criminals of the allied side . 
  where are they ? 
  has a single american sat at any trial over sinking the whole japanese civilian merchant fleet with submarines ? 
  has anyone sat there for having flattened the whole gemany with incendiary bombs ? 
  has any soviet general sat there ? 
  the things i just mentioned are in the order of magnitued of the millions of civilian kills no ? 
  then the ` for great justice ' point is void . 
  instead they sit 60 years later the bloke who worked in a camp as a medic for a month . 
  what i do think is that prosecuting him now is politically motivated and pointless beyond that . 
  there must be hundreds if not thousands of men , soviets , americans , british ... that have commited far worse war crimes than working as a medic in an evil organization for a month . 
  they never sat in any trial , because they were on the winners side . 
  i know that that is a whole different debate , but my point is , that these trials are not motivated by `` justice '' . 
  you can not seriously believe that , if you take into account that for instance the men in charge of carpet bombing 50 japanese or german cities , or even chester nimitz himself , who admited in a testimony at nuremberg to have used unrestricted submarine warfare ( in order to defend karl d\u00f6nitz ) , have never faced consequences , and then this nobody is called to trial 60 years later over nothing . 
  is there a single person who believes this is right ? 
  if he had to go to trial , he should have gone maybe 60 50 or hell , even 40 years ago , but now ? 
  a senile 95 years old ? 
  wow , he worked there one month , such a madman . 
  this is pathetic edit : quote :  the former paramedic is not accused of having been directly involved in any killings , but the prosecution 's office holds that he was aware of the camp 's function as a facility for mass murder . 
  by joining its organisational structure , he consciously participated and even accelerated the deaths of thousands of people , the prosecutors say . 
  man , and i complained because it was cloudy in the morning a whole week, 
  10 % only ? 
  amateurs ... 
  yep ... 
  i accept my ` owned ' i will now proceed to shut up and abandon this thread discretely . 
  from the schengen accord themselves  crossing internal borders  article 2  1 . 
  internal borders may be crossed at any point without any checks on persons being carried out . 
  is it true that borders can be crossed at any point without any checks ? 
  no then the accord has been suspended, 
  i went there a couple of years ago , to visit a friend who was doing an erasmus there i was extremely impressed by how good everything looked . 
  ( went to trondheim btw ) the houses , they were all big for our standards . 
  everything was clean , orderly , peaceful . 
  rich . 
  everyone spoke english , which was very nice then i read about that public fund you guys have . 
  that would be impossible in my country . 
  i bet both of my arms , both of my legs , and my life , that if it existed here , politicians would steal and waste the whole money in less than 2 years . 
  ( that 's why i am glad we have the euro and they are unable control the monetary policy ) norweigans were a bit distant , maybe , but like everyone in the north . 
  they were cool guys . 
  the country itself was very beautiful , the landscapes i saw on the plane were unlike anything i 've ever seen , and i 've been in about twenty countries . 
  overall , i had a great time there , and took nice pictures . 
  10/10 would recommend, 
  it is true that the words themselves are very different in the case of portuguese and spanish , when you read both languages , it is very easy to understand , the words are very similar , and when you speak with a portuguese person , you can understand each other well without ever having studied portuguese , if you both put a bit of effort in speaking clearly and slowly . 
  however portuguese accent is clearly distinct from spanish in the case of greek , written ... well , and spoken , i can almost understand no words , i have not even the remotest sliver of a clue of wtf they are saying , but [ their accent and their phonetics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64pquuioxt4 ) sound like those of a person from madrid, 
  to me greek sounds amazingly like spanish, 
  they are not ilegal , although they are not regulated . 
  this situation has disadvantages , because sex workers can not count as workers and be protected as the rest of them . 
  but yes , prostitution in spain is huge , is not ilegal , and it moves great sums of money .
