  it is completely pointless , cruel and barbaric . 
  would you find it ok if they did that to your dog ? 
  or to you ? 
  if they get killed , i am not gon na cry , quite the opposite . 
  play stupid games ... 
  picture by javier mart\u00ednez mor\u00e1n , [ check his work here ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/jmartinez76/ ), 
  why not ? 
  he is a master of modern warfare tactics and strategy , according to his battlefield 4 stats, 
  [ this is a good summary of the events ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcjmqgfhxni ) i guess it is not seen the same way beacuse in the end both ireland and the united kingdom reached an agreement, 
   they really should change the constituency to autonomy rather than by province . 
  agreed, 
  that is an interesting read , but our country does not work like that . 
  the districts are not single member . 
  there are 52 districts , one for each province + autonomous city ( provinces are 2nd level administrative divisions , the first level administrative divisions are called autonomous comunities . 
  but for the purposes of the elections , they are irrelevant ) . 
  but it is not a winner takes all situation . 
  each province has [ this ] ( http://elartederecordar.es/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/diputados-provincias-550x415.jpg ) number of seats , and they are divided according to the amount of votes . 
  [ look at the last election 's map for example ] ( http://elecciones.lne.es/resultados-elecciones/generales/ ) ( [ province of madrid ] ( http://elecciones.lne.es/resultados-elecciones/generales/comunidad-de-madrid/ ) ) yet what you say is relevant . 
  the smaller the electoral regions , the more the effect you mention becomes important . 
  and they are small enough to penalize the smallest parties, 
  in any major newspaper they will publish the global results and the result in every province ( the global result is the sum of 52 `` mini elections '' ) , one for each of the 50 provinces + one for each autonomous city check this website after 9 pm http://resultados.elpais.com/elecciones/generales.html ( or any other newspaper you like ) edit : this has been posted by u/galicus , is from another newspaper and the information will probably be easier to visualize http://www.elmundo.es/elecciones/elecciones-generales/resultados/, 
  they are not used to dialogue , let alone coalitions . 
  when people give you for decades enough votes to do things on your own without tallking to anyone else , why would you even bother ? 
  now that this is no longer the situation , they all have shown their true colors, 
  because our current politicians , unlike those we had 40 years ago , are unable to compromise on anything or see beyond 4 years . 
  they love to make us pay and sacrifice for the greater good of their political agenda , but when it is their turn , they would rather die . 
  we used to have two big parties who alternated power between themselves because for some reason everybody voted either one or the other . 
  after the last disastrous goverment from psoe and the following pp goverment , we now have 4 significant parties . 
  and they are unable to agree to form a new goverment . 
  one dude says `` you all have to vote me and make me president , because i got the most votes '' . 
  but nobody helped him . 
  two of the other actually agreed and tried to form a new goverment between themselves , inviting the rest of the parties to join , but they did n't get enough seats to form a new goverment and i do n't even know what the other one 's problem was with everyone else, 
  gg , no re, 
  so , if you ca n't have referendums because , to sum up what you said , uk citizens are retarded and do n't know what 's best for them , then surely they ca n't have regular elections for the same reason right ? 
  you may as well say that you need a dictator who knows what 's best for everyone, 
  because they did n't get the result they wanted, 
  [ sure ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9bc7blfjfy ), 
  no , not by a long shot . 
  the biggest waste are the salaries of those eu patriots who do n't even show up to parliament or waste our money on oficial cars and stupid shit [ like these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9bc7blfjfy ) it is completely absurd that farage gets critiziced for doing his job while this is going on . 
  if nothing happens , meaning , nothing changes , euroscepticism will keep growing like it has over the past decade and then , as i said , eu will end up breaking eventually . 
  i mean , you surely do n't expect both , that nothing changes and that euroscepticism dissolves do you ? 
  in other words , as far as ever, 
  i do like the eu , but this will either serve as a wake up call for those eu politicians who think they have a blank check , that people will not get fed up , and they can do whatever they want with no consequences , or it will break the eu . 
  in any case , it will be better for everyone . 
  yes , that at the very least . 
  these idiots claim to defend spain and it 's unity as their slogan , but the amount of scandals from top to bottom we have been getting every month for the last \u00bf 6 ? 
  years are the single worst attack against our democracy , against the credibility of our institutions , and against spain itself . 
  and against every single one of us . 
  we have to suffer crushing taxes and shitty rights so these greedy thieves laugh at our faces and get even richer . 
  there is a commentary of this issue from a well known periodist , and he points out that not only is this shameful , but the interior minister of the country ( who said he was gon na investigate how this got recorded ) was not even able to protect his own office http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/06/22/videos/1466578074_939423.html, 
  is anyone gon na resign ? 
  lol no !, 
  that would be madness, 
  with a government this shamelessly corrupt and the 25-30 % of votes they are going to get anyway , you do n't need to be from catalonia to want to seccede . 
  you do n't have to take my word , but i did hear it this week , i do n't remember if it was on a mainstream tv news section or in a newspaper , but they claimed that most of the migrants were unaccompanied children ( and of course syrian ), 
  came to say this . 
  i am not even gon na read the article op posted . 
  you must construct aditional pylons !, 
  the headline is complete nonsense . 
  wtf is `` the value of the economy '' ? 
  the gdp ? 
  then they should call it by its name , because the difference is huge . 
  if you think this is a good thing , i can give you my bank account number so you can transfer all the wealth you create to me, 
  of course they do , i do n't think a single person is surprised . 
  the dropout rate of our system is extremely high . 
  education ( primary and secondary ) is a political battlefield , in the past , education models lasted for two decades , now they last 4 years . 
  there have been like 5 major changes in 20 years ( every time the power was alternated between pp and psoe ) , there is no foresight , no will to tackle the real problems from above , so of course our education is shit ( not because of the teachers ) . 
  hell , i did n't drop out , but i wanted to kill myself . 
  on top of that , when those people were teens , they could go to construction , earn 2500 $ and live like kings , so they dropped out en masse . 
  oh , yes , i know the dude , i bribed him too , he forged me a medical proof so i could skip classes, 
  that dude is a national army himself, 
  the fact that it takes a looming right wing menace for the eu to even bother with something as fundamental as basic external border control speaks volumes about the state of affairs, 
  nobody expects the spanish braile, 
  alsace and lorraine were never really french, 
  that has become the dominant ideology because it was the actual strategy of defense for both countries . 
  any shift in the balance of power greatly affected the sense of security of the other , like when the soviet union first put the sputnik in orbit , or when mirvs were developed by the us . 
  this is not philosophy , this was a reallity well understood by everyone with consequences in the real world . 
  that example was not a total war . 
  its not like having weapons is the single master strategy to end all wars . 
  that does not mean that it is ridiculous . 
  in some cases it may provoke others , in some it may deter them . 
  edit : my point : there are situations where more weapons make war less likely . 
  there are cases where having more weapons has prevented conflicts from happening , such as in the cold war , when the nuclear arsenals of usa and the ussr got so big that the drawbacks of a direct confrontation far surpassed any benefits . 
  it is not a ridiculous idea . 
  as your target gets stronger , you have more to lose by invading them . 
  in this case we have a huge country and a small one . 
  russia is not worried that the finns are gon na invade them , so its not like having weapons is a provocation . 
  on the other hand , finlands strenght is a deterrent . 
  what is ice ? 
  epic, 
  there are like 8 people in asturias , so when one gets killed the whole statistic goes to shit, 
  the wall mounted ones are way faster than the other ones . 
  my issue with unisex bathroom is the increase of wait times for men because of the suppression of such urinals . 
  compare the queues of male and female toilets on a busy day . 
  the amount of odds stacked against a young person who wants to form a family in this country is massive to the point of hillarity . 
  the birthrate is even lower than in the civil war , and is around japan 's level, 
  i thought the same thing, 
  snoop dog ? 
  environmental or not is irrelevant . 
  it is just an euphemism .
