  you 've just got to live live here , there is n't a difference between bsp and gerb anymore , borissov would do anything to remain in power , including embracing dps . 
  road infrastructure is among the very few things he did right ( did - because the stretches his government builds now tend to get closed for repairs just several weeks after they are formally put into use ) . 
  plus the bonus we know from oligarski 's times - each day a new corruption scandal . 
  plus all the reforms that get deliberately blocked by his party in the parliament , the list grows with time . 
  support for gerb is declining fast . 
  yeah , we have `` obvious results '' everywhere ha-ha-ha . 
  not that one , though i am glad he resigned too . 
  we do n't have a lot of luck with our pms recently :(, 
  wo n't miss him at all . 
  hope our lunatic pm 's resignation follows soon . 
  at least he knows `` congratulations '' . 
  ashamed to tell , but well our pm is kind of embarassing ... 
  complete lunacy ... what for , a second korean war ? 
  anyway , the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomaks ) is relatively good source about pomaks . 
  what ? 
  ethnic turks that settled in bulgaria are mostly in north-eastern bulgaria . 
  actually , i believe bulgarians became bashi bazouk as there are muslim bulgarians . 
  that 's why i was refering to atrocities against the christian population , not bulgarians per se . 
  pomaks in the bashi-bazouk units are well documented for example . 
  it is a well known fact that christians were not allowed to carry weapons in the ottoman empire , that said you ca n't have a christian bashi-bazouk . 
  errrr what ? 
  bashi bozouk was hired from muslim population only . 
  circassians have a good track history of slaightering the christian population of bulgaria under the ottoman rule , meh, 
  what if putin dies first ? 
  that 's probably the most visible aspect of `` well enforced laws '' here ... as the shopi say , `` laws are like a door in the fields '' . 
  yet it has this ban for like several years heh . 
  poland is so much like bulgaria ... just that polish gerb/dps is called pis . 
  if you want to see where this all leads to , come here and see for youself . 
  i 'd never expect poland to fall down to balkan level but ... 
  they were big friends to our communist government btw , probably quite unexpected for soviet block country to support turkish nationalists . 
  our secret service ( ds ) allegedly ran drugs trafficking business with those guys . 
  also provided training and safe house to their members . 
  and to my knowledge , the gray wolves are nothing like a marxist organization . 
  the world is weird place , definitely . 
  i thought they were disbanded though . 
  must be one of the successfully integrated muslims in europe . 
  it was n't always like that you know . 
  did n't they dissolve ? 
  i have faint memories of some important guy from that organization that killed himself in a car crash and they discovered guns and lots of heroin in his car , i thought the government cracked it down after that . 
  you make me feel optimistic . 
  so in 20 years , the `` bruxelles cabbages '' ( as people here often refer to meps ) will be refered to as `` bruxelles kebaps '' . 
  no big deal after all . 
  good , so we have 20 years to quit the eu . 
  imagine bruxelles starts pressuring the member countries to enforce sharia law for example ... fuck them , 
  i give our gypsy guys the needle . 
  good , we should do the same . 
  troll those germans :d, 
  those that copy-paste the same shit all over different threads do not like russia , they like rubles . 
  good job . 
  troll those germans . 
  well putinbots using non-russian flairs probably has something to do with that . 
  well there were n't strikes in the weapon factories here since at least 1-2 years which means they probably have some work to do . 
  not bad if it 's true though , ukraine needs help . 
  the eu has failed big time in the integration of muslims and that can be proven by simple maths . 
  [ 19 million muslims are living in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_europe#current_population_and_its_perception ) [ total number of muslims in the world is  1.6 billion ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2011/01/27/the-future-of-the-global-muslim-population/ ) [ 100,000 radicals are fighting for isis overall ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/16/us-mideast-crisis-baghdadi-insight-iduskbn0ow1vn20150616 ) [ out of them 6000 come from europe ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/syria-over-6000-europeans-fighting-isis-other-jihadist-groups-1496058 ) so probability of a muslim in europe joining isis is 6000/19000000 = 0.0003 % probability of a muslim outside europe joining isis is 94000/1581000000 = 0.00006 % that means radical islamists among europe 's muslim population are almost 50 times more common as compared to radical islamists among muslims in any other region in the world . 
  and you call this successful integration , ha-ha-ha . 
  i mean it 's racist to condemn them just because they behead people . 
  it got ta be your mistake and you should feel guilty for them beheading people . 
  and yes , import some more poor humans , world needs to be saved by the european master debaters . 
  those coming from europe are examples of well integrated muslims in western europe . 
  more like feel guilty for them beheading someone ? 
  it does n't, 
  hahahahahhahahahahhahahaha . 
  why do n't you get rid of your leftists first ? 
  cause i am sure you 'd get more and more of those economic migrants with or without bulgaria and romania in schengen and your lefties will again and again pimpslap you with their pc whip until you get to accept them , even adopt them if you have some spare space . 
  actually we 're pretty tired of playing the external border of that irresponsible pussy union . 
  we will send you ours , you integrate them , master debaters . 
  haha . 
  hahahahahah , we really really feel offended . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  just wait until they ban reddit in russia again . 
  [ shit happens ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-26957569 ), 
  there is no way turkey can invade russia and win a war against russia - it has huge territory , larger army and infinitely more resources . 
  however , russia having a huge territory and military spread all over it with limited logistics capabilities means it just can not relocate its resources to the conflict zone fast enough . 
  the military resources that russia has deployed in the black sea region are no match for the turkish army imho . 
  then again considering hypotetically turkey had no allies and noone intervened , it will sooner or latter turn to attrition war which russia would eventually win just because it has more resources that it would be able to relocate from other parts of the country . 
  realistically though until that happens , it would have already become a nato vs russia war . 
  the us will never allow to lose its presence there to russians as turkey is their key to control the middle east region . 
  so this will become a bloody mess , likely ending in a nuclear war . 
  realistically , turkey will be completely able to take out russia in the black sea region in a conventional war pretty easy . 
  that means destroying the russian black sea fleet and ports and also repelling any aircraft or land attack that would follow from russia , at least until russia relocates resources from all over the country to the conflict . 
  but until then it would have already got really messy with a full-scale nato vs russia war . 
  plus , russia really does n't have any friends in the region thanks to its idiotic policy - neither ukraine , nor romania , nor bulgaria , nor georgia . 
  paedophilia , but we already have that . 
  that 's not surprising , price levels are also on a similar level if not higher - because almost everything is imported there , local industry is almost non-existant . 
  it probably gets worse due to the fact that albania is a small market and eu imports have import tax as albania is non-eu . 
  under capitalism , man exploits man . 
  under communism it 's the other way around . 
  the entitlement is strong with europe . 
  or should i say western europe ... 
  if they are sure it would crash on turkish territory , it is quite possible they 'd shoot it down . 
  no worry , bad mood was yesterday , good mood today . 
  how come less than 5 % of the upper middle class there have university degrees ? 
  ok they are better than us in that particular aspect . 
  we only have some kinky medieval castles , vampire skeletons and samuil statue with laser eyes , but that is indeed nothing as compared to skopje 2014 . 
  netherlands is rightfully ours . 
  bulgarian territory is wherever there are bulgarians you know , we are like plague , 
  we really like serbia more than we would admit . 
  really . 
  despite all that balkan wars crap .
