  yes it might be they were confused with roma by the locals , although i do n't think it makes any difference . 
  for everything , roma should be way more racist than us , for example they made a mistake to build a detention center right next to a roma neighbourhood . 
  now the police has that problem of preventing them kill each other . 
  there was a tv coverage about that , one of the roma guys literally said `` we demand that the government exterminates them in some way '' ( the exact words were '' \u0434\u0430 \u0441\u0435 \u043b\u0438\u043a\u0432\u0438\u0434\u0438\u0440\u0430\u0442 '' which means ... `` to be exterminated/executed '' ) . 
  could be bad wording , many roma guys speak * funny * bulgarian , yet something makes me feel he really meant exactly that . 
  they were also talking shit like `` if you do n't get rid of them , i will take care of them - men , women , kids , i do n't give a shit . 
  or `` he ( some refugee ) stabbed me several times , but he could n't finish me . 
  now i will finish him '' . 
  crazy , definitely . 
  we do n't beat them . 
  well except for some that made the mistake to steal stuff in some villages . 
  those who behave like shit are treated like shit , in that aspect we 're different to western europe . 
  you 're lucky your commie spies did n't work together with kgb . 
  otherwise the reaction ( inspired by payments from moscow ) would be : * those were good guys , risking their lives for the good of the country . 
  we should n't ostracize and daemonize them . 
  * you know some of those guys may still work in the diplomatic missions even today , we put their lives in danger . 
  * that 's invasion on privacy and we are going to fill a complaint to the constitutional court as this is illegal * what you are doing is wrong and it may have dire consequences for the people abroad who conspired with ds/udba/you name it . 
  we already had a case with the previous declassifying campaign where a resident of lebanon was killed because we declassified him as a contact to our guy * this does n't make sense today , decades have passed . 
  and my favourite once they declassify the next portion of documents : * this is not how it used to be , you merely got to treat those files as how the secret service viewed the world . 
  we should not morally blame those guys for working hard for the good of their own nation . 
  well i would n't mind some salads though , 
  well we have them as well , 
  we have them already , 
  do n't even think about it !!, 
  i bet the albanians would 've kicked their pakistani ass badly if it were n't for the police . 
  good idea , we have n't done terrorism and liberation for a long time . 
  this time we will have new buddies in the game , the kurds . 
  you are trying to justify child porn or you are trying to justify rt ? 
  both are equally disgusting . 
  rt is so blatantly stupid they should ban it for polluting the em spectrum . 
  for the same reason child pornography is banned . 
  fuck russia and fuck putler . 
  can you be just less boring ? 
  hard to understand in written form , but much more understandable in spoken . 
  i have exactly the opposite problem with russian , weird , 
  must occupy again and fix issues . 
  invasion mode on . 
  bulgaria stronk !, 
  with time you will learn to love it , it would be the prettiest thing on the island once we turn it into a great prison . 
  we are coming to rape you , enslave you and turn your pitiful island into a giant prison . 
  the pm actually praised them for helping border police , mind you . 
  did they also attack protesters against putin 's bikers using shock battons and baseball bats together ? 
  because putinbots from all over europe must unite . 
  russian ( - funded ) nationalists . 
  we 'll take your jobs , steal your cars , rape your women , burn your houses then enslave you , bring you back here to force you into manual agricultural work while your holy sacred lands get totally depopulated , then we turn uk into a giant prison and send all the gypsies there . 
  actually , after brexit , the fecal national-populist parties are doomed . 
  cause great britain serves as a good example of what happens when the majority listens to their lies . 
  when you hold yourself to a high standard , no one can hurt you more than yourself . 
  two brexits in a week ... 
  if i intended to ever visit russia , i 'd give a shit . 
  but i do n't give a shit . 
  the three nationalists claim they got attacked and beaten up by a gay and a lesbian . 
  the lesbian used pepper spray while the gay guy punched them hard . 
  should i believe conspiracies because i read about them in blitz , pik , russian blogs or because some pathetic low-life in the fanclub speaks about them ? 
  how old are you btw ? 
  spamming the whole sub with the same `` f * ck erdogan '' slogans , sloppy mistakes , lots of exclamation marks . 
  you really sound like some teen experiencing identity issues , probably from those wretched youth hooligan fractions of a crappy football team . 
  no , it 's not the americans but the gray aliens that took mind control over them after the roswell incident . 
  you can not prove both south stream and belene would be beneficial to our economy in any way . 
  i mean do n't post biased opinions or news articles because i can do that too . 
  ss was stopped as it did not conform to eu regulatory framework . 
  the russians were free to amend the plans so that it fits , but they refused to do so . 
  the same goes for belene npp . 
  we just can not `` stay low switzerland style '' because we have military obligations as a nato member . 
  that means we go to war even if russia attacks say estonia or ( lord ! ), 
  turkey . 
  you are not to pick a side and you will likely never be , live with that . 
  you are also free to stay neutral ... online . 
  this could be even profitable you know , i 've heard the russians still pay for that . 
  if naval drills were war preparations , then russia must have declared war to us a long time ago as they had a lot of those before and after they occupied crimea . 
  `` war preparations '' is exactly the narrative of the retards around valeri siderov btw . 
  usa has nothing to do with that ( except for conspiracy claims that you can not back up with any fact of course ) . 
  you might stay low and believe we remain neutral but that is impossible given that we are already part of eu and nato , like it or not . 
  russia clearly views us as an enemy and `` staying low '' would n't make any difference to them . 
  if there was anyone `` neutral '' in the black sea region , it was ukraine and georgia . 
  both not members of nato , eu and putin 's eurasian union . 
  they obviously did n't prepare for war against russia and got their portion of brotherly love from moscow . 
  will boost the popularity among the retarded `` patriots '' around valeri simeonov maybe . 
  but yet they are just like 3-4 % and although part of the ruling coallition , they have nothing to do with gerb 's core electoral mass . 
  a minority yet vocal one . 
  the title is misleading as it 's not about a nato black sea fleet but a co-op training between ukraine , romania , bulgaria and turkey . 
  it is also not true that turkey canceled the readmission treaty . 
  what 's true though is that it all is an epic diplomatic fiasco and the pm is to blame for talking crap in front of the media before discussing it all at the president 's security council . 
  the way the government handled the situation is disastrous . 
  there will be consequences for the pm 's party as most of its voters are pro-eu/pro-nato and his behavior is considered an act of `` licking putin 's boots '' by many of them while this was n't true in fact . 
  but after all , he 's like the retarded elephant in the room , the bad copy of todor zhivkov . 
  while his motivation was correct , he handled it in just the worst way . 
  who told you bulgaria will be dragged into the russian sphere of influence ? 
  i do n't see any remote chance that could happen . 
  for the simple fact that time and demography works against the russian influence in bulgaria . 
  i know it might look different reading the news but that 's more because stuff like that is exposed and criticized ( and articles scandalous and shocking ) as opposed to the way it happened in let 's say the 90s . 
  shut up and pay debts !, 
  no , they do n't . 
  wearing burqa is a cultural , not religious tradition . 
  there is not a single mention of burqa in the quran and probably that 's why the local muslim population ( which is 13 % , way higher as compared to say us ) does n't wear burkas at all . 
  the only ones that do are some gypsy converts in a specific town where saudi-funded wahhabist sect operates . 
  a number of people from that sect are charged for spreading hatespeech and religious extremism btw . 
  looks like you 're downplaying the police uniform issue , besides you are not the one to decide what is civil right issue and what is n't . 
  likewise , wearing specific clothing in public has nothing to do with practicing religion . 
  i would just like to add that wearing the burqa in public will get you a fine in bulgaria .
