  wearing a police uniform will get you straight to jail in us . 
  what kind of a police state you are ? 
  yes , i am also sure thousands of americans are pissed off about the fake policemen uniform too but you are not listening either and pretend that it 's a non-issue and has nothing to do with civil rights . 
  did you hear someone complaining about the burqa ban in bulgaria , other than some foreign leftists that have difficulties finding that country on the map ? 
  how about you allow people to wear fake police uniforms in us first ? 
  it is right now a federal offence and i guess it pisses off quite a lot more americans than uhm ... those 40 burqa-wearing bulgarians . 
  good , no more ninja outfits . 
  hope that also covers the balaclavas of the hooligans at football games and protests . 
  that depends on circumstances , bulgarians being allies were kind of ok , i guess he promoted them from untermensch to aryans that have acceptable untermensch slavic genetic impurity . 
  russian propaganda demoted ukrainians from slavs to non-slavs , so i guess those definitions are flexible . 
  colorado beatles are different brand of anti-fascists . 
  we want into schengen then !, 
  as if europe does n't have enough problems with islamists that it gives visas liberally to russists , damn ... 
  after all it 's a gay pride . 
  latent homosexualists have to express themselves , although in a violent manner . 
  might well be slavi - after his majesty and the firefighter superhero , i would n't be surprised at all . 
  he is hardcore populist though , i am not quite sure about his nationalistic attitude . 
  my bet is the next one or more governments will be caretaker ones with some chance that a loose coalition of populists form an unstable one . 
  hopefully it wo n't be a pro-putinist one , but i would not rule out that possibility . 
  a potential slavi 's party might serve as the core of the populist coalition . 
  gerb never actually managed to gain majority in the parliament and their support is dropping . 
  the bad news for them is they wo n't be able to form a government anymore , noone is going to form a coallition with them once again . 
  send them the putinbots !, 
  basically the same question as `` who 's going to replace todor zhivkov '' . 
  or stanishev . 
  political vacuum does n't last long and there are n't irreplacible people really . 
  the more important thing is to demolish the vicious model before it drags the country down into a crisis worse than greece 's . 
  i am not the one to decide who 's going to replace him . 
  the voters will . 
  decreased travel time does not bring any revenue to the state budget nevertheless . 
  85 to 90 % of the infrastructure projects come from the eu taxpayer . 
  for half of bulgaria , gerb 's management of the infrastructure is the biggest failure of 21st century and i am not overstating that even a single bit . 
  that 's why this government is bound to collapse . 
  its flawed model will not repeat any time soon . 
  we wo n't be able to afford it anyway . 
  how would it bring more return when it is even excluded from the vignette system  the money come from the eu taxpayer . 
  the very idea of the cohesion funds is to reduce the economic gap between nuts regions . 
  by your flawed logic , not even a single penny should have been allocated to bulgaria before romania fixes its network , just because its population is 3x larger as bulgaria 's . 
  but since the ring road will bring the most revenue then this only proves the incompetence of the government once again - it should have been built with public budget funding while eu funds are allocated for lower revenue projects where the few second-hand citizens live - e.g hemus or that ruse-tarnovo highway . 
  as far as which are our largest import/export partners , it 's publicly available on nsi 's site . 
  you should have a read . 
  gerb are neocommunists by every definition of the word . 
  look at their second government which is a typical example of leftist one - blocking reforms , taking loans and pouring the money in unreformed sectors , increasing the minimum wage while productivity does n't follow , keeping a huge government apparatus and refusing to have any job cuts in the bloated administration . 
  did you know that sofia 's public transport is subsidized more than bdz for example ? 
  but sure , rainbows and pink unicorns here . 
  that guy from romania complaining about our derelict infrastructure and poor regions is lying . 
  you do realize cohesion funds are to reduce economic gap between regions , not make it wider , right ? 
  money is not coming from `` sofia '' . 
  projects are prioritized by the government in sofia . 
  the policy is ridiculous , the top priority is the pr effect . 
  import/export from/to romania is much higher than that to/from greece for example and trakia leads to nowhere . 
  but you get the pr effect of `` going to the seaside in 3 hours '' . 
  that 's what gerb actually is - incompetent bunch of neocommunists interested in diverting public funds , 
  sadly , none of that is true . 
  northern bulgaria has 36 % of the population , slightly less than that of southern bulgaria ( excluding sofia ) . 
  since 2007 , not even a single kilometer of higway/expressway/railway was built there using eu funds . 
  there were only a couple of km of a2 built with government funding mostly by the socialists ( !!! ), 
  - the guys who only care about pensions and soviet monuments . 
  it 's just embarassing . 
  until 2020 , no eu funds will be spent on any infrastructure projects in northern bg - that is , money were already allocated to finishing struma , the 3rd metro line , northern and western bypass of sofia . 
  it 's not fear , it 's the reality of the inadequate prioritizing by the government . 
  but they will soon get what they deserve , elections will come sooner than they think  veliko tarnovo - ruse is another good example of hollow promises and pr stunts . 
  there is no funding for that highway by eu cohesion funds . 
  the government decided that they will not go after a loan to build it . 
  it is not going to start any time soon and definitely not next year . 
  even the land expropriation has not started and will not start until they find funding which they already announced they ca n't . 
  i ca n't stop laughing at their absurd press releases about mysterious quatar/chinese investors/increased income by tall taxes haha . 
  on the top of it you get almost double an increase in the price of the vignette . 
  because half of the country should sponsor the repairs of the shoddy experiments built by mr. highway superman in the other half of the country . 
  more like the southern part is fine , the northern does not exist according to the government . 
  i recently read some claims that cohesion funds spent on infrastructure ( southern vs northern bg ) are 25:1 for 2007-2014 and 76:1 ( as projected for 2014-2020 ) . 
  not sure if that was correct , but i would n't be surprised at all . 
  and the government is horrendously incompetent in building infrastructure that is not funded by the eu . 
  it 's not surprising that two of the poorest eu nuts regions are in northern bulgaria , the one where belogradchik is part of is actually the poorest . 
  i thought sentinel sats have sar radars operating at x-band frequencies , not some fancy `` laser imaging '' ? 
  in putin 's russia , the social network likes you . 
  haha beat this , liberal scandinavia , we the evil racist slavs got that legal before you . 
  there is . 
  do n't you remember that joke from the commie era . 
  a man looks at his new lada , scratching his head . 
  `` god , i do n't believe those guys went to space 40 years ago ... '', 
  i now understand why rt was so obsessed with the vegans human meat protest here in sofia . 
  meh , the closer friend you are with russia , the more expensive the energy resources are . 
  brotherly nations pay the most . 
  you can recognize a russian troll by using a voice recorder . 
  you start recording right before you end reading the post . 
  you play back the recording . 
  if you hear yourself saying `` that 's fucking retarded '' , then it is most likely a russian troll . 
  you mean like dressing a police uniform for example ? 
  oh wait , that 's a federal offence . 
  afraid of fake cops ? 
  sacrificing freedom for security ? 
  how is wearing the burqa related to the concept of `` free speech '' remains a complete mystery to me . 
  does wearing that ninja suit gives you extra power to express yourself freely ? 
  so the right to wear burqa which actually 0.0000002 % or whatever do is now an `` essential liberty '' ? 
  how does the burqa ban cost you money ? 
  you wear one and pay fines ? 
  so the ban was repealed ? 
  cause you are a borat nation . 
  every time your economy sinks , its those poor muslims to blame .
