ah the slavophobic orthodox hating racists in netherlands again . 
  this time getting funded by putin who is also slavophobic anti-orthodox douche . 
  i was being sarcastic of course , but that is a rather interesting question . 
  what happens when the state stops protecting your rights for some reason . 
  like pressuring you not to report crimes because of some pc bullshit . 
  is it morally justifiable to resort to criminals in that case ? 
  my opinion would be biased because our history is full of examples of just exactly that - starting from the ottoman times when groups of criminals ( haiduks ) actually protected the christian population . 
  up until the turmoil in 90s , i 've read some conspiracy theories that the government cooperated with and supported some criminal organizations to keep the russian and arabic criminals away , some of those do sound plausible . 
  i thought the jews were responsible ... now i know the real ultimate truth , it was the poles . 
  did i state anywhere i am pro more mass surveilance ? 
  you do n't know the context anyway , so that 's ok . 
  in that case there is no mass surveilance and thus no results from mass surveilance . 
  that 's right , there is n't even a single surveilance camera in the park the incident happened . 
  the footage was from a private security camera at some office building nearby , it was n't intended to anything more than alerting the security guards inside if someone parked his car in front , blocking the exit . 
  police requested video records from all security cameras nearby hoping that they might find a clue about the criminal . 
  it is not even sure the guy caught there was the actual attacker . 
  i guess the italian mafia would be much better at identifying the guy and then giving him the mafia trial ( likely sinking him with his legs in a concrete block ) . 
  they 'd just require some financial motivation to do it . 
  nah , that was just an old analog low-res camera and he was caught running , i 'd say not much chance whatever post-processing you do on it . 
  mid-end to high-end ip camera that streams in fullhd or higher resolution and is streaming to a server that has some basic analytics ( like motion detection , human detection , etc ) and tags the events would be a rather different thing ... not only the quality of the recording is vastly superior , but they would be quick to find it fast without spending much time on watching recordings . 
  again , it costs more though . 
  astroturfing in eastern europe is commonly referred to as `` trolling '' . 
  of course , just ask u/sarmatae, 
  that does n't matter , you are obliged to clean it up !, 
  fucking racists , clean up their flat now !, 
  france is eastern european , 
  yes , that 's exactly why they should be housed in the german ones . 
  we have some gypsy refugees here . 
  but of course , being unable to house an influx of about 1-2 % of the total population in an year got ta be some kind of a conspiracy . 
  crimea is roman !!, 
  oh stfu already tovarisht rashist ... 
  you dummy , the syrians brought the flowers out of respect . 
  eheh . 
  what a surprise  i bet the #refugeeswelcome crowd will get a heart attack now ... or not really . 
  try walking around the brandenburg gate waving `` germany sucks '' sign . 
  then try the same with a `` turkey sucks '' sign in kreuzberg . 
  observe the difference . 
  see , you failed at integration , they are not proper germans , 
  lol , 
  noooooooo please do n't , 
   in not wanting to work ? 
  yes . 
  they are innocent in that . 
  believe me , if i were stuck at a turkish refugee camp , i would do the same to get to work . 
  wait , wait ... so it is ok to break the law if you do n't want to work ? 
  what ? 
   however , regarding the refugee processing system , yes . 
  definitely . 
  winter will give them some breathing room which will allow them to catch up with their work , they are going to hire more people , and migration is not constant or exponential , it 's cyclic . 
  i 'd bet winter wo n't make much of a difference . 
   it 's not exactly luxurious . 
  before they are being processed , they are only getting food and shelter , in a crowded refugee camp . 
  this is not true : http://www.euronews.com/2015/09/16/which-european-countries-offer-the-most-social-benefits-to-migrants/ before you tell me e.g 216 eur monthly allowance is nothing , remember they already have free housing and free food and they get medical assistance free of charge ( dental included - even in my country ) , the same as everyone who actually works and pays taxes . 
  a couple of months and they will get back to say afghanistan with several hundreds in cash just from allowances , money from petty thefts and other semi-legal/illegal activities not included . 
  source : gypsies here used to do the same prior to 2007 , it was a popular `` business '' within gypsy ghettos , the pattern was exactly the same - mostly young males playing the victim card ( racists eat us alive , we got no rights there ) . 
  some guys with the `` know-how '' assisted/trafficked them , after a couple of months they got back , spent all the money on tv sets , second-hand cars and drinks then went back again on their refugee business . 
  they did n't want asylum there really , they just leeched welfare systems in scandinavia . 
   european law is based on `` innocent until proven guilty '' . 
  so they cross a number of borders illegally , refuse to apply for asylum , refuse to get registered there , attack the police , pay money to criminals to get smuggled illegally rather than following the procedure and they are still innocent ? 
   capacity . 
  for every interview germany needs people who know syria and the dialects / accents of arabic well enough to tell if someone is actually from syria or not . 
  it takes time , a border guard ca n't tell if someone is a pakistani without papers claiming to be syrian , or a syrian who lost his papers . 
  you really believe things will get better with time ? 
   the ones who `` got in '' are temporarily housed until they are processed , if they are not syrian , they will be deported . 
  they did n't get refugee status yet . 
  you do n't know how this works , do you ? 
  they absolutely do n't care if they will be deported , getting free stuff and welfare money until their application is rejected is still a win for them . 
  it is nothing more than just exploiting the situation . 
  why `` will be deported '' , what exactly prevented them from being deported until now ? 
  still most of those are not from syria and yet they successfully entered eu ( lots of sources confirm that , eurostat included - syrians are actually a minority in those mobs ) . 
  but yes , stabilizing syria will finally make people that believe in fairy tales confront the reality : the majority of those people are not fleeing any war , they are just welfare tourists . 
  they do n't want to get a job and integrate in society , they want welfare payments . 
  why is that idea so foreign ? 
  it is exactly the same as what roma people in the balkans do , just that now others do it as well . 
  did n't miss it , i completely agree with that . 
  but the door is open already , message sent , so even stabilizing syria wo n't help . 
  tighter border controls and zero tollerance towards illegal smuggling would imo . 
  those are our gypsies , do n't worry . 
  thanks , 
  it would if the migrants were predominantly from syria , but they are not , so stabillizing syria wo n't stop them . 
  also winter will not have any significant effect other than benefiting transit countries ' clothing outlets . 
  i agree for the rest of your post though . 
  adamov would imply he was born and raised by humans , not genetically engineered by god . 
  you western infidels !!! 1 !, 
  got us - but we need to continuously train our model based on your valuable input . 
  thanks for helping us do our supervised machine learning . 
  yeah , you will likely get indirectly responsible for the ressurection of a new hitler . 
  just this time it wo n't be the jews but the muslims . 
  fuck them it 's not going to happen . 
  great . 
  please consider russia as your return route . 
  thanks . 
  eastern europe needs to infiltrate and eradicate leftist bullshit from western europe before mooslims infiltrate and eradicate western europe itself , 
  you just need to be more aggressive . 
  like uhm ... behead some of them , then they will become more empathetic and compassionate . 
  fair enough , moneys will be spent to buy stuff for the poor things and build them mosques anyway , 
  there are lots of liberal muslims in turkey . 
  there are lots of liberal muslims here as well , actually most of them are . 
  nothing in comparison with those that we have to deal with nowadays . 
  i almost choked out of laughter when some iraqi refugee in the detention center complained about the legal status of his several wives .
