  no , they should become victims of targeted assassinations . 
  hahaha loser , send him on a training course in bulgaria . 
  yeah ok - russia failed it - not only islam , their orthodox church too . 
  meh , right-wing parties wo n't save europe , left-wing will . 
  i mean the hardcore communists . 
  western europe needs like 10 years of brutal stalinism , 10 years of post-stalinism starvation , 10 years of `` developed communism '' and 10 years of rotten communism . 
  this is almost enough to wipe out any radical form of religion , including islam . 
  in fact , it is enough to turn religion into nothing more than a set of rituals and a couple of religious holidays . 
  it really works , we have like 10 % muslim population , they do n't plant bombs and do n't shoot at random people . 
  they do n't want to implement shariah laws , in fact they rarely even wear burkas except for probably in some remote villages where the communist government did n't handle the problem properly . 
  communism will save europe , 
  well and romania is like 3x larger in territory , you just ca n't build 3x as more pitiful highways as we do . 
  can you build and maintain all that ah ? 
  it requires very special skills which in turn requires electing some putin-like person . 
  you just ca n't into that . 
  and i am sorry , but your road network needs like half a century to overcome the idiotism of your commies over ours . 
  and mind you , our commies were complete idiots . 
  bulgarian roads and road infrastructure is worse than romanian - maintenance-wise definitely , ours suck ass . 
  however , the romanian road network is dumb and you go through as many villages as possible which leaves that annoying impression . 
  bucharest roundabout is a nightmare compared to the sourthern ring of the sofia 's one and way better than the northern one . 
  i 'd say city infrastructure is on par . 
  yes , bulgaria has more highways , but the quality of the new bulgarian highways is vastly inferior to the new ones in romania for sure , especialy recent new stretches here are are shoddy and cheap and they often close for repairs like months after official opening . 
  sofia is more relaxed than bucharest with less traffic and with more green areas and parks and more or less that 's about it . 
  the historical center of sofia has nothing to do with bucharest 's . 
  and yeah , in terms of entertainment/culture/shopping / etc , bucharest is way ahead . 
  surely , surpassed them in corruption and pr stunts . 
  syrians and afghans . 
  no , it was iranian , 
  looks like those makedonski slavs are pitiful slavs and certainly not real bulgarians . 
  real slavs such as us bulgarian slavs would not only delete albanians from the history books , but also from the territory itself . 
  that 's what a true slav would do . 
  i find that indicative for my theory that the claims of our leaders in 19th and early 20th century were completely wrong , no bulgarians were living along the vardar river really . 
  macedonian slavs must be inferior slavs . 
  they should be eliminated and replaced with real slavs that can properly handle the deletion process . 
  ( / s just in case ), 
  we do n't have separate words for `` bulgarian '' and `` bulgar '' actually . 
  this must be some kind of a linguistic conspiracy . 
  i smell the long hand of soros here :(, 
  i know what you said , i would n't mind if they claimed he was a macedonian . 
  karlovo is finest macedonia you know , 
  i actually have no issues with those people celebrating levski as a hero . 
  hands off the clay of the glorious bulgarian empire !, 
  bulgaria on three seas , death to byzantia , kubrat 's bundle and stuff !!, 
  this means war !, 
  neither of them . 
  it 's the former serbian greek-owned albanian-claimed republic of west bulgaria . 
  bulgaria : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporate_commercial_bank, 
  valeri simeonov is full of shit . 
  in 2012-2013 , bnr terminated all its hf broadcasting , it was in bulgarian and several other languages and intended for worldwide audiences outside bulgaria . 
  because we must cut expenditure . 
  simeonov did not protest . 
  in 2014 , bnr closed most of its mw transmitters , some had coverage throughout europe . 
  because we must cut expenditure . 
  besides having the 2-hour turkish broadcast , they were all in bulgarian . 
  simeonov did not protest . 
  in 2015 , bnr closed its lw site which was broadcasting the parliamentary channel and all the mw sites except the vidin one . 
  simeonov did not protest . 
  pomaks in rhodopes mountains protested though because they lost their radio coverage . 
  pomaks despite being muslims , do not speak turkish . 
  bnr promised to build fm sites in the mountains to compensate for that . 
  this did not happen . 
  simeonov of course did not protest . 
  nowadays more than 1000 people work for bnr , most of them work as administration and secretaries , the friends and lovers , the good old commie balkan story . 
  of course bnr does n't optimize staff , they `` optimize '' transmitter sites . 
  simeonov does n't care about that . 
  simeonov cares however about some turkish broadcasts that noone , even the turkish speaking population , listen to . 
  the little storm in a glass of water . 
  nationalists are pitiful retards . 
  yes , it is binding in case the 3.3 mln threshold is hit . 
  otherwise it is left to the national assembly to decide . 
  you are not the alpha male mate , alpha males must make all the female population happy . 
  that 's a rather bold statement , but well ok - i will not argue with you on that , have a little project to spend this night on , 
  so infrastructure , police and education are quite okay ? 
  interesting . 
  my wage depends on me completely , i can increase it or decrease it as much as i want as long as my company makes enough profit . 
  the company profit is fine if that was what you are concerned about . 
  trud ... comrade blaskov , that explains it . 
  not quite sure in what context you tell me that stuff about salaries in private sector ( read the thread a couple of times and it looks still irrelevant ) . 
  i hope that was just a mistake and you are n't one of those boring gerb astroturfers that flooded the internet recently . 
  nope , that one : http://cache2.24chasa.bg/images/cache/466/image_1380466_126.jpg, 
  the eu would greet any government that we elect because that is the protocol . 
  merkel and juncker pose hugged with putin too , that does n't mean they are `` friends '' , this interpretation is just ridiculous zhivkov-style pr ( remember how they kissed with brezhnev ) ? 
  thanks for your advice , i wish you followed it . 
  and please spend more time here , speak with more people not just in varna , travel more . 
  because i lived here while you were absent and i know well what 's going on , i do n't need `` objective '' media such as pik.bg or benovska to paint pink unicorns and sugar clouds for me . 
  man your clock definitely stopped in 2009 . 
  open your eyes - noone cares about the shoddy expensive eu-funded infrastructure projects anymore , the institutions are rotting with corruption and nepotism , the ugliest oligarchic group is diverting millions from the country via flawed tenders , any attempt to reform it are blocked absolutely deliberately , media freedom is appaling and getting worse each year , taxes are raised , external debt increases , prosecutors are just tools for attacking business/political opponents , the whole country is run by an incompetent firefighter/bodyguard and all he does is crisis pr . 
  give him not 20 but 2-3 years and we will be the next greece . 
  fairly easy , just the same way they became in the rest of ee . 
  corruption and wastefulness is not limited to bulgaria . 
  you can ask a random romanian or czech here what does he think about eu cohesion funds . 
  p.s you call that [ restructuring ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bulgaria/government-debt-to-gdp ) ? 
  yeah , probably , but a very incompetent one . 
  and gerb does n't have `` oporni tochki '' ? 
  they do n't have lots of trolls ? 
  no , they are n't even close because bsp is dead , so yes - gerb are ahead by orders of magnitude in the moment . 
  gerb keeps the budget deficit lower by means of external debt - thus the increase from 22 to over 30 % ( gdp-wise ) in just one year . 
  and do n't get me started about eu projects because they already became synonymous for corruption . 
  which parallel universe are you living in ? 
  bulgaria circa 2009 ?
