  but keep it secret . 
  it 's like those slavic alliances we form to stab on the ugly motherfuckers in case our slavic orthodox house is in danger . 
  that is only if we get around about who this stuff belongs to though : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tm9_z7ooyhy, 
  why so ? 
  if ukraine were neighbours i would probably upvote them . 
  the only slavic country in the region we have n't fought against never ( except in the medieval history when that bastard svetoslav allied with byzantine cowards and fucked us ) . 
  much better than russia . 
  bulgaria here . 
  this says it all : http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/4/49/bulgaria_is_in_bad_mood.png/revision/latest?cb=20150728044852 seriously though i do n't have favourite and least favourite neighbour . 
  though i think romania is probably closest in terms of everyday life and macedonia is closest in terms of language and traditions . 
  violent leftist demonstration are kind of unthinkable here . 
  they would get smashed not by police but by nationalists , skinheads , football hooligans , motorbike gangs and stuff . 
  i mean literally . 
  last time i heard about a far-left violence , it was related to some event where exploited performed and some nazis got beaten . 
  the answer came later when the leftists went to protest in front of some detention center , nazis raided a tram the protesters came with and brutally assaulted them with metal rods , baseball bats and knives : https://translate.google.bg/translate?hl=bg&amp;sl=bg&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.bnews.bg%2farticle-10698 it was 5 years ago though . 
  it 's called `` drink your own medicine '' here . 
  well sorry to say that , but you are just ignorant . 
  i mean google translate is barely enough to determine the origin and the fact they are not forums and blogs . 
  do i sense anti-slavic sentiments here , some kind of orthodox phobia ? 
  really ? 
  i feel racially offended  or is it culturally offended ? 
  whatever , you are to be embarassed now , 
  which one is russian and which is not . 
  anyway , the sources contained quite more than that and you just dismissed them as russian blogs and forums with some notion of the false credibility and i sincerely have no idea how you came up with that . 
  care to explain ? 
  i can very well distinguish spanish from italian , not that sure about korean and japanese though , 
  here you go  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwhozvec8aw&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  i feel sorry for the german insurance companies . 
  really . 
  it 's not a surprise at all . 
  so i guess the echr should be held responsible if even one of them dies in a brawl . 
  the non-refoulement clause is what ultimately lead to the tragic end , we practically sentenced the guy to death by letting him in . 
  russian blogs and forums ? 
  look , if you do n't like the pro-western government , then vote for volen . 
  he is anti-eu and pro-russian oh his voters are barely 4 % , sorry . 
  well probably start a revolution ? 
  oh , old nostalgic farts are physically unfit for that . 
  well i am sorry but all you can do is just get lost . 
  or perhaps move to russia , but i do n't think that would make any difference - because to my knowledge , in russia it 's again the west to blame for all mishaps . 
  even though russia is not eu . 
  i do n't take orders from murzilki . 
  adopt a refugee then . 
  plenty of spare time to take care of him . 
  only 3 % of the refugees in bulgaria have bachelor 's degree , mind you . 
  24 % are illiterate meaning they ca n't even read their native language . 
  we must employ all of them in the south stream bulgaria . 
  while the project is abandoned , the company is still active and the average salary is the whooping 7696 levs ( 3950eur ) : http://www.mediapool.bg/srednata-zaplata-v-yuzhen-potok-bulgaria-e-7696-lv-news239930.html that way they wo n't do any work still get well paid . 
  no need to know the language either . 
  we always had more muslims than western europe , percent-wise . 
  our muslims do n't like the migrants though . 
  that 's ok we can give free pork . 
  so now that we have conflicts imported in europe , we 're elligible for an asylum in say the us for example ? 
  true that, 
  they should n't worry , if right wingers had any brains , they would take care of the lefties instead . 
   later when she told her story on facebook . 
  people called her `` nazi whore '' and she even got death threats via phone . 
  the people who insulted her ofc were german ... hahahaha . 
  idiots . 
  ahum , well then if traditional european values mean people can attack and stab others with no consequences , then i am happy we 're getting rid of them . 
  sorry ... well you probably deserve it anyway - it is people who speak like that who are to blame for this poor guy walking around freely trying hard to commit homicide . 
  i mean , imagine if he was some right-wing nazi nut , he would be rotting in the jail already . 
  yeah poor guy he should n't be sarcastically derided just because he attacks and stabs others , it is his human right to continue doing that , returning him to war-torn palestine equals a death sentence , the israeli police might just outright shoot him right in the head when he tries to excercise his human right - stab them that is . 
  it 's the second time i write that in that subreddit today . 
  here is what the 1951 refugee convention says about that : 1 . 
  no contracting state shall expel or return ( `` refouler '' ) a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion . 
  the benefit of the present provision may not , however , be claimed by a refugee whom there are reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is , or who , ** having been convicted by a final judgment of a particularly serious crime , constitutes a danger to the community of that country . 
  ** it is not against any law . 
  in fact we are ignoring the law . 
  stabbing a policeman is a particularly serious crime . 
  attacking the minister is clearly a danger to the security of the country . 
  this guy can be safely rejected asylum and deported . 
  at least he should have been apprehended , not walking around europe freely , threatening and attacking people . 
  this exactly is `` leftist crap '' yes . 
  but but but ... do n't deport the poor guy , his risk is in danger in palestine , you know deporting him equals a death sentence , it is against law , it is against humanity , he should be left alone to stab people peacefully , the poor human being is just confused and blablablabla leftist crap . 
  which law prohibits immediate rejection of asylum application if serious crime is commited by him ? 
  here is what the non-refoulement section of 1951 convention says : 1 . 
  no contracting state shall expel or return ( `` refouler '' ) a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion . 
  the benefit of the present provision may not , however , be claimed by a refugee whom there are reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is , or who , ** having been convicted by a final judgment of a particularly serious crime , constitutes a danger to the community of that country . 
  ** i think rape and violence in refugee centers is a particularly serious crime and should lead to immediate rejection of asylum and deportation and it is not against the law . 
  well we can deport them , we just do n't want to . 
  if you can eat pork with little or no punitive consequences , why should n't they ? 
  meh , it 's kinda different here . 
  and not only football games , those idiots do it at other sports events ... like that : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exqg0szsywe&amp;t=0m40s, 
  so when is russia sending the chechen occupation force in syria the same way they did in ukraine ? 
  allah is great and putin is his prophet !, 
  no , it is not the same . 
  there is a slight difference between `` it 's expensive to have more than one '' and `` you ca n't have more than one '' . 
  i was born in a society where `` you ca n't have more than one '' was the norm , i can tell you it failed notoriously bad . 
  i guess a fixed fine of eur 50k that is valid for both a 40m2 mini flat in a bad neighbourhood and a several bedroom luxury house in the suburbs is not that great idea, 
  kind of that one , just for the opposite purpose . 
  this can easily be fix by means of proper tax reforms . 
  expropriating private property otoh is ... hm . 
  well considering their current stance , a better reaction would be to build a fence as well . 
  i guess poor austrians living in municipality rented properties will be evicted so that space is freed for the poor syrian human beings . 
  or you are going to make the class enemy suffer as they did in germany ? 
  still it 's not about expropriating private property . 
  way to go before ~ ~ stalinism ~ ~ leftist utopia is enforced . 
  of course , they did n't start expropriating appartments in austria , did they ? 
  you know people who think like you make me feel sorry the ussr did not occupy the whole germany and incorporate it as a soviet republic . 
  i have no idea , never witnessed an incident like that , only heard stories like that .
