  he just said `` your laws are stupid , you 've got to change them '' . 
  lol . 
  damn it 's about time we start playing the victim card too . 
  those evil westerners hate our orthodox christianity , they hate our culture , they are also slavophobic . 
  it is so boring when your right to do as you please is not protected by some politically correct sounding piece of crap . 
  deportation , end to welfare tourists . 
  strict checks , only syrian refugees allowed . 
  the rest 75 % may well gtfo . 
  that before europe turns into a melting pot and some new hitler gets in charge , slaughtering people amass . 
  well he could take part in organs trafficking ring or something , be forgiving , he is a human , refugee fleeing from hell , stuff like that . 
  we do n't have riot police usually ( we used to though ) , local politicians do their best not to have an opinion on that ( except for the nutter volen ) , there are no bans and no violence . 
  on the other hand the orthodox church does its regular `` homosexuals will burn in hell '' speeches and we usually have a parallel rally of people that dislike gay parades - kind of a protest-like . 
  does that count as `` successful '' ? 
  yes , that is definitely happening . 
  however , i would n't call it organized far-right terrorism . 
  even the source has no mention of asylum center burned down which had people in it . 
  or did i read something else ? 
  actually i do n't think far left or far right terrorism actually exists in europe today . 
  unless you count not-yet-opened asylum center arson as terrorism which is quite far-fetched imo . 
  what does `` successful '' mean btw ? 
  and ss in disguise are patroling the streets every night ... nazi sturmoviks everywhere !!, 
  if they ignore it rather than try to behead the infidels that did it , they will burn in hell !, 
  leftists gon na embrace it , islamism has that driving conviction and initiative required to fight the class war . 
  austria needs some bulgarian policemen apparently . 
  they have zero compassion and are just as aggressive as they are dumb . 
  i have a very very fresh example , from last night . 
  i woke up by people shouting and screaming outside , went to the balcony , down there two russian-speaking guys were getting beaten by a small mob which escaped before i could even call the police . 
  the russian guys were left laying down on the street . 
  one guy came and tried to help them , but they attacked him so he left them . 
  soon the police came , they started shouting at those two `` who attacked you !, 
  again who attacked you ??? 
  who hit you ? '', 
  - in bulgarian obviously those two do n't probably understand , shouting the same way the nazi camp guards did in schindler 's list . 
  at that time the ambulance was at the scene , but the cops did not allow them to take the russians . 
  after a couple of minutes of questioning like that , one of the russians tried to punch the cop and that was his biggest mistake - they both got beaten even worse than the first time , nicked then kicked as they were on the ground . 
  i was like `` wtf man , just wtf '' . 
  this happened in front of the ambulance personnel and two girls that were obviously witnessing the whole thing and were talking with one of the cops about what they saw ( they probably called the cops around the same time as me ) this whole saga went until about 6am . 
  today , i went to the grocery store and it was blood all over the street in front . 
  one car was damaged as well . 
  so that 's germany 's fault . 
  but i am not at all surprised , they deserve even more of those . 
  i heard the turkish pm told the `` refugees '' that he would allow them board a turkish airlines plane to any european country that confirms that it accepts them . 
  well done , i like it  come on , sweden , germany , buy them the tickets , 
  i get it but why the fuck they grant them refugee status ? 
  they should have kicked them out right at the border . 
  but yes , it reminds me of a case here years ago , gypsies boarded a plane to norway and applied for refugee status there . 
  they did n't send them back right away , instead their bureaucratic machine spent months while they were housed and given fair ammount of welfare money . 
  then they turn them back , but do n't ban them from entering again , they even gave them some money which the gypsies just used to board the next plane and apply for refugee status again . 
  it took a while before norway fixed their system so that they check if `` refugees '' have applied for asylum previously , as dumb as it sounds . 
  refugees from serbia and albania ?!? 
  that is just ridiculous . 
  sanity returns to germany ? 
  thanks , komshu , 
  bulgaria : beat the hell out of those muslim gypsies . 
  take all their money . 
  hey how come a war here without us ? 
  we scramble our rusty remaining migs and some donkey carts loaded with rakia . 
  wo n't miss the `` seir '' . 
  if serbs do not allow us there , we occupy them on our way to the event . 
  evil evil eastern europeans taking our jobs !!!, 
  that sounds like an even more failed version of bulgaria . 
  how come you guys are richer than us then , 
  i was just checking , sorry , 
  kind of semi-one . 
  i often see posts like `` we caused all the issues in syria , so we are obliged to take care of all its population now '' . 
  which is really irrational as long as we ca n't even take care of our own population . 
  bulgaria : problem -  bring your friends to beat the motherfucker 10 on 1 -  solution, 
  and yet the civil war in syria is the fault of the eu , yes ? 
  should n't those reasons make you a more firm believer in eu federation rather than becoming anti-eu ? 
  i am ok with germany leading the eu because it wo n't get any better if france or uk did that . 
  yes , germany fucked it up on a number of occasions , yes it royally fucked up eastern europe a lot of times , yet it has the balls to take decisions . 
  france or uk ... meh . 
  that said , your proposed ee `` alliance '' is actually a good idea so that we take care of our interests and oppose germany when they take their next dumb and selfish decision that hurts us . 
  after all we are 100 millions , more than germany and their buddies austria and denmark altogether  plus , the decadent rich old europe has lost the energy and spirit that drives progress , importing africans and arabs wo n't change that , it would only make it worse . 
  time works for us , ehehe . 
  plus we do n't have colonial/nazi guilt complexes , so once we got our economies on track , we are going to provide the ruthlessness required for the survival of europe  then europe can kiss goodbye to its pc buzzwords and utopic leftist bullshit , 
  we have 15 % muslims here . 
  had them for more than 140 years , probably for centuries . 
  they are much better `` integrated '' than the muslims in france or germany . 
  yet , most of us do n't like the muslim migrants . 
  i guess it 's not about religion then . 
  actually , from what i know , the bulgarian muslims are not very keen on housing mideastern/african muslims either . 
  football hooligans will handle this . 
  there wo n't be any money anyway , they 'd be spent to feed , house and build mosques for those poor human beings . 
  rail infrastructure ? 
  as in railway stations ? 
  because track upgrades are rare , end-result not quite nice . 
  but hey we have that `` speed '' * line from plovdiv to the turkish border that we do n't have `` fast '' trains to use . 
  it is also the only gsm-r enabled railway line here at times when gsm-r is being replaced with newer technologies in europe also , after 2020 no more eu cohesion funds will be allocated to transportation projects . 
  i know you guys and serbia want to join in , but if you think you 'd upgrade your infrastructure with eu funds , you will be royally screwed . 
  * speed line - allows speeds about 200 km/h which is at least 2x to 3x as fast as the average train speeds anywhere else in bulgaria, 
  wait what ? 
  it 's not . 
  what about the free cocaine you fucking racists :(, 
  i imagine the reaction of the average bulgarian would be just one word : `` pederast '' . 
  most likely pronounced like `` peeeehrass '' . 
  the fact that even gypsies are pissed off by them , accuse them of crimes and the police has to stop them from trying to `` revenge '' speaks enough . 
  just a few days ago one of those guys was stabbed to death by two other syrians , right in the sofia downtown , next to a tourist area , in broad daylight in front of a lot of security cameras . 
  is n't that a disruption ? 
  there is a war in turkey ?
