not when we participated in several disastrous wars in the first half of the 20th century ? 
  the first segment of the new fence on the turkish border was finished last year , way ahead of you . 
  horse is absolutely delicious . 
   border town of gevgelija so those are the people that arrive by boats in greece , they cross into macedonia , and try to reach germany through serbia and hungary ? 
  many of those are opportunistic migrants , not war refugees . 
  thousands of migrants from syria , afghanistan , and other countries used to enter bulgaria illegally from turkey . 
  we are building fences . 
  look , it 's complicated . 
  the ex-communists are pro-russian and in the past used to oppose nato membership and eu accession . 
  today they are somewhat quiet about it , not having to wait in line for a visa each time they want to leave the country . 
  their voter base was severely reduced after they allied with traditional political enemies -- the crazy nationalists and the turkish minority party , in the name of political power and south stream money . 
  what remains from their voters is old people and ex-apparatchik families . 
  seeing their symbol in disrepair is their punishment . 
  in any case , yes , it should be renovated at some point , but not in the name of profit . 
  it 's associated with the yearly gatherings of the ex-communists , and they are kinda not universally liked at the moment . 
  people will be mad if government money goes towards renovating the symbol of a single political party . 
  catchy tunes , though : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naxayktzfsi, 
  check the top-level parent of this discussion . 
   cheap alcohol and whores those remain cheaper in russia . 
  why are they vacationing and buying property in what is essentially a clusterfuck ? 
   bulgaro-macedonian that gives too much weight to macedonian , a language that was codified in 1945 with the explicit purpose of supporting the new macedonian identity and distinguishing it from the bulgarian one . 
  bulgaria has a currency board and the local currency is pegged to the euro . 
  80 people protest in sofia , fewer in varna . 
  that 's your nationwide protest . 
  greece will receive eu help no matter what . 
  i am only angry that tsipras will survive this , politically . 
  drinking beer at lunch on a workday . 
  let 's not close our eyes to the fact that fyromian irredentism had reached a high point at about that same time . 
  skopje 2014 was being planned and all that . 
  the problem is the incompetent police , in all cases . 
  crime in the deep province and horse carts on the streets of the capital -- what the hell do they get paid for ? 
  let 's also not talk about the failures in foreign policy , nor the mass surveillance that dwarfs everything done , or at least revealed , in eastern europe . 
  i was also criminally unaware that fyrom 's economics improved so drastically over the past year . 
  not so sure about serbia , it is difficult to accomplish such a feat in a larger country -- i think you have a real political process . 
  plus , unemployment is lower in serbia . 
  remember , gruevski has been in power for nearly a decade , and during that time the country has not made any friends , while becoming poorer . 
  people there look back to the times of yugoslavia as a golden age . 
  the government is the largest employer there , unemployment is at 30 % , and jobs are only available for people with a party membership . 
  the media is tightly controlled . 
  gruevski will rule forever , or until fyrom exists as a single political entity . 
   the ethnicity you are declaring to be a member of does n't exist in bulgaria . 
  well , it 's a relatively new ethnicity , we 'll see how well it holds out . 
  note that there are no bulgarians in macedonia , as well . 
  there are serbs , turks , roma -- but no bulgarians . 
  how is bulgaria an external problem for fyrom , exactly ? 
  most people own a flat or a house , and property taxes are minimal . 
  also i imagine utilities and some types of food are cheap . 
  but yeah , it 's not fun . 
  also , average salary is a meaningless term . 
  many young professionals in sofia get many times that figure . 
   attempt to abolish autocracy alternatively , a violent attack on government and civil figures , by a minority group with well-known ties to an expansionist foreign regime . 
  the netherlands ? 
  i 'm sure they can think of someone . 
  kuwait event plays borat parody as kazakhstan national anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr18pzbf-ny, 
  the ohrid literary school was macedonian . 
  samuil of bulgaria was a macedonian king . 
  gotze deltchev was a macedonian . 
  bulgarians are traditional oppressors in the fyromian lands and slanty-eyed tatar barbarians to boot . 
  we do . 
  i do n't think it 's an everyday thing in athens . 
  i am just speculating that northern greeks , who saw how well socialism worked for us vulgarians ( no bee sound in greek ) , are not as keen to experiment with radical leftist ideas as their peloponnese compatriots . 
  maybe they prefer to have a job , as well . 
  i love greece . 
  i love your history , i love contemporary greek culture , your food , your relaxed attitude to life , i love the aegean sea and how you care for it . 
  i feel personally betrayed by all this stupidity going on , and by the flirtations with putin 's russia . 
  tell me , is this anarchist leftist streak typical to athens ? 
  why do i not see pictures of hooded youths clashing with police in thessaloniki ? 
  edit : grammars, 
   ue united emirates ? 
  bulgarian is a gendered language ( sorry about that , on the positive we do n't have cases ) . 
  so the adjective for a country , in feminine , it 's `` krasiva '' . 
  for neutral , as in footage , it 's `` krasivo '' . 
  `` krasiv '' is for something that is male , so you do n't really need it . 
  e79 is a joy ride . 
  divide 111,000 sq. 
  km by 7m . 
  we do n't own that much land , per capita . 
  we are not the netherlands in terms of population density , but i do n't want us to be . 
  more development in plovdiv , varna , rousse , yeah , that would be good . 
  although i do n't really like varna , some more extreme weather and landslides would do them well . 
  good . 
  more space for everyone . 
  well on my mother 's side they were removed from aegean thrace . 
  chantarelles are common in the woods , not really common in the stores . 
  check the population growth numbers for the middle east and north africa and the history of islamic fundamentalism . 
  you can not argue that us military involvement created a terrorist threat that did not exist previously . 
  the history stealing is the main problem here . 
  a cheap identity is being invented and propagated against recorded history . 
  or rather , was , the antichki campaign was mostly a front for building massive expensive sculptures in downtown skopje , it 's mostly over now . 
  unification in september should be our national holiday , not march 3rd . 
  northern greece is full of serbians , romanians , and bulgarians during the summer . 
  well yeah , that too . 
  you need to own property , have a job , or have relatives in bulgaria to survive here . 
  why is it that when i buy stuff online , from amazon and other vendors , the payments go to luxembourg ? 
   \u0392\u039f\u03a5\u039b\u0393\u0391\u03a1\u0399\u0391 - voulgaria ( bulgaria ) it 's not news to me , but goddamit greece . 
  are we sure that the unnamed person from the recording is the pm ? 
  what is `` permanent grassland ? '', 
  that ship has sailed , they are culturally closer to serbians now . 
  that is not how dna studies work . 
  we have n't even discovered the `` slavic '' gene yet , and i do n't even know how to interpret the gypsy part .
