  race is a bigger issue there . 
  politically they have been always under us influence , despite having their left-wing policies closer to europe 's . 
  daesh or isis, 
  ! / happy new year r/askeurope !!!, 
  not a concert itself but the [ arenal sound ] ( http://www.arenalsound.com/en/ ) music festival broke records -300000 people last summer - . 
  geographically , new zealand . 
  in terms of climate , i 'd say brazil , congo , india ... any country with rainforest really economically , i 'd say germany as well because it has a big industry sector . 
  culturally we 're f-cked up in a way we 're just in the middle of an individualism/collectivism [ axis ] ( https://www.targetmap.com/viewer.aspx?reportid=48440 ) , for instance . 
  g\u00fcero is just any white in mexico . 
  not an insult . 
  i would n't say that we should teach them to invade other places ... 
  tonelada - a ton , 1000 kg - is widely used . 
  the inches are taken from the imperial system . 
  franco is seen like a dictator who kept spain 20 years backwards from the rest of europe . 
  most of his defenders do n't defend the autharchy , but his late years - since 1959 - for the economic boom and merging a bit with western europe , but keeping the power of the church . 
  history, 
  physical education , physics got me stuck in failing as well, 
  like 2 years ago but melting . 
  good ol' enjoyable snow like 5 years ago . 
  not accurate though bc of my bad memory, 
  conchita wurst plz, 
  - [ best * villancico * ever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=638t3fan11s ), 
  nope , like 4h by car ( far in european standards ), 
  christmas eve, 
  usually dna tests are made for legal cases . 
  the whole ancestry thing is not a trend here . 
  in my personal case i 'm actually interested in guessing my genetic analysis , as i do n't really look as an average spaniard , despite having a full iberian ancestry from what my family can trace . 
  privacy issues backs me out from doing it . 
  a couple of times to portugal every year . 
  it 's too complicated - it would n't be that mess for messina bridge , but spain and morroco have : - zero $ $ $ - technical difficulties , such as different tectonic plates , so it needs a 300m depth under seabed - eurotunnel is 45m depth - - political issues , like 2 governments , inmigration control ... 
  russian , arabic ... 
  spanish national team only admit spanish citizens , and foreign players usually do n't need it . 
  [ santa b\u00e1rbara sistemas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/santa_b%c3%a1rbara_sistemas ) - owned by general dynamics -, 
   but i know what i mean and i 'm british so obviously you should just know what i mean and i 'll just shout it louder if you do n't . 
  better you shout it louder then ... what is clear to us that brits mean to say ? 
  edit : c\u00f3rdoba or granada, 
  tartessos , celtiberians and friends , nation of historic nations ^ tm, 
  [ 1994 never forget !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turbot_war ), 
  some companies here in spain give away or raffle a [ christmas basket ] ( http://www.lotesycestasdenavidad.es/images/lotes/cesta-de-navidad-marbella-33.jpg ) . 
  it usually includes christmas pastries , a ham , some alcohol - wine , liquours , whisky , brandy , rum ... - and some other food , usually local sausages or cheese . 
   most 18-21 year old seem a lot more chill than when i was their age . 
  maybe you seem more adult for them to dare themselves to pick you on ... !, 
  anyway , your replies are impressive . 
  i had thought the uk rave scene was n't related in any way to the american djs . 
  a big thanks for your time to teach me something new . 
  edit : wrong phrasal verb, 
   fight survival is different from nationalism . 
  would you take arms yourself ? 
  it 's mostly what would happen here if we were invaded . 
  we like * guerrillas * . 
  a disadvantage would be the lack of weapons among the population . 
  edit : not against conscription myself but i know there will be backlash, 
  economics ' criticism mainly . 
   as for house/techno , a lot of the pioneering american dj 's found more enthusiastic crowds in the uk and then after the police cracked down on raves here , the scenes began to blossom in germany and the netherlands instead . 
  so american djs were n't going to clubs , but the actual raves ? 
  as house and techno were developed in them back in the us . 
  this would change my view in the history of edm - lack of better name - . 
   i would say the lad culture is a pretty tame example and in fact things are a lot better compared to 10-15 years ago . 
  i found it was quite common for blokes to start a fight with you for no reason to prove how hard they were and our alcohol consumption has never really done us any favors . 
  unfortunately this was - and is - a widespread phenomena in , at least , the western world . 
  nowadays it has become more stylish , but i suppose they ca n't see any better future . 
  here are my ones : - grateful to our fellow , ol' longtime brother portugal for their towels and their cheap supermarkets . 
  we like to surf there as well . 
  - grateful to france for allowing us to make them a country we look up to . 
  i feel we 're closer than you think . 
  - grateful to morroco for liberating us from western sahara making you * the bad guy of the film * . 
  - grateful to andorra for being neutral and saving their legally collected money from our * deserving and honest politicians * . 
  - grateful to gibraltar for giving employment to a such an impoverished area . 
  - grateful to the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland for keeping the interest in us the last 50 years . 
  no matter how many russians buy villas in the mediterranean coast , no matter how many chinese we can bring to our luxury stores and casinos , but you brits , you ` da real mvp of spanish tourism . 
  - grateful to italy for being with us in the good and the bad times through europe 's history , up to nowadays . 
  - grateful to germany for allowing us to stay there in your land , working ~ ~ as we should have we deserve it master ~ ~ ... just having a job . 
  - grateful to argelia for their gas and political stability , needed to give us that gas . 
  - grateful to every country that thought we were arrogant when we overuse/misuse the imperative tense , speak loud , curse for the smallest origin of frustration , or say we have the better food . 
  and forgive . 
  - grateful to whole europe for being so cool , so diverse , keep believing in the democracy and welfare state . 
   tons of great bands like ... how do you do it ? 
  what 's your secret ? 
   house and techno so triggering / r/thenetherlands ... :p but yes , you were first in importing the american dance sound . 
  rave culture fascinates me even when i do n't belong to that generation . 
   grime are you guys able to understand what the mcs say ? 
   almost normalised casual violence/macho subculture do you refer to lad culture ? 
  i would , but they would n't . 
  agreed in all points apart from : - freedom of speech is n't supported in the youth like it was * the ` murican first amendment * . 
  right to honor is especially well-cared by the youth indeed . 
  - there are more nuanced views regarding to bullfighting . 
  some of them only care about the bull 's death , while others ' about the physical abuse , and the bullfighting itself . 
  - original versions are n't that popular . 
  like three-quarters of the luxury brands are french and yours - armani , prada , bvlgari , d&g , ... - . 
  italian cars and other vehicles are fashionable as well - ferrari , lambo ' , maserati , alfa romeo , lancia , piaggio , vespa , lambretta ... - , pirelli tyres . 
  for food we do n't look it up too much , barilla , giovanni rana and other companies usually owned by multinational companies . 
  hispanics as an ethnicity lacks of a legend due to the aculturization of indigenous peoples to rome . 
  the closest i can think of as the legend of the birth of a nation would be the [ battle of covadonga ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_covadonga ) , where the virgin mary intervened in favour of the christians against the moors . 
  i beg you to be trolling ... !, 
  samsung and huawei are pretty popular though . 
  then there are the geeks who buy xiaomi by aliexpress , iphone if you have some spare money , or proudly spanish bq . 
  android dominates , obviously . 
  regarding the people , i would say that around 30 % of people - most of them younger - look up smartphone models to compare before buy , especially nowadays when smartphones are more expensive in average than the former usual phones and now that there has been some years with android and some people have realised that their devices do n't last much - like 2 years to have any android obsolete and starting to switch apps ' api versions to newer ones - . 
  tennis , basketball,
