  it wo n't all go to frankfurt . 
  paris and dublin will also take a percentage of the spoils . 
  i can not overstate how terrifying this all is . 
  people seem to think it 's okay because the ftse100 has rebounded . 
  that 's the least of our problems . 
  it may all turn out alright , largely because practically speaking the eu and the uk should want good terms to maintain current trade , but there is so , so much room for it to all go hilariously wrong . 
  yes . 
  yes , they did . 
  we are living through a monty python sketch . 
  the exit needs to be executed as quickly as possible for the sake of both sides . 
  unfortunately , literally no-one who matters here expected us to be leaving , and now everything is on fire . 
  on the plus side , for you , frankfurt will profit nicely from this . 
  man , i 'm at the point where i 'd almost vote for a necromancer to bring thatcher back . 
  i 'll take anything that is n't the current batch of halfwits playing a shit version of game of thrones . 
  i 've seen a number of articles along those lines , but it does n't seem like the eu wants to try and push that point . 
  so far . 
  and presumably , even if our political system is bollocksed , we still have all of the lawyers in the civil service ready to fight our corner . 
  there 's still no-one to negotiate with either way . 
  our political system has combusted . 
  unfortunately , a quick deal would require someone the eu could negotiate with . 
  we 're too busy making house of cards real to provide that . 
  it 's fairly common , i think . 
  they , being the agencies and gangmasters and what not , bring them over from places like poland , pay them buttons , work them like dogs , and charge them an arm and a leg to stay in places that are often in less than fantastic condition to get half the buttons back . 
  does n't seem like a lot of fun . 
  on the plus side , you should n't have to put up with him for too much longer . 
  on the down side , we 're going to be stuck with him . 
  kinda feel like we 're losing on that deal . 
  word is he straight-up sabotaged labour 's campaign . 
  if so , he bears no small amount of responsibility for what is happening today . 
  it really is amazing how feebly the case for staying in was made . 
  you 'd think the eu was nothing but a big stick that 'd be used to beat splitters with the way it went . 
  boris and gove have been conspicuous by their absence so far , yes . 
  they looked shell-shocked when they accepted victory and then made a quick exit . 
  very reassuring . 
  the barking at the moon crowd have been emboldened by the referendum . 
  hopefully they ' l be put back into their fucking box in short order , because this is a disgrace . 
  they should do video of this . 
  it 'll be a total car crash . 
  i wo n't pretend to be happy about it . 
  this shit has a very non-zero chance of doing seriously damage to my country and to me personally . 
  truth is , i think this referendum was won simply because the unfortunately large percentage of the population left behind over the last three or so decades has voted to fuck everything for everyone as revenge . 
  bad governance has consequences . 
  who knew . 
  the barking at the moon crowd has come out since the referendum . 
  hopefully it 'll die back down . 
  everything the leave campaign promised would be an oscar-winning work of fiction . 
  it was always bollocks . 
  it probably will if the news is n't awful . 
  i , personally , am on tenterhooks hoping that merkel stays in control and we do n't get a populist surge that turns things tetchy . 
  she 's a pragmatist who 'll look for mutual benefit , but this could turn really nasty if handled badly . 
  i think the invocation is an inevitable now . 
  it 'll be news of the settlement that gets traders jittery or settles them . 
  that assumes that this is a defensible position . 
  we wo n't know that until we see the results in a few months . 
  i am doubtful . 
  it 's been two days of trading and the boe committed massive amounts of money to shoring things up on friday which caused the rebound . 
  you ca n't keep that support up forever , as we learned when soros broke the boe . 
  he was only in the job because he would n't cause trouble after all the fuss with capello . 
  nothing to do with ability . 
  worked out well , that . 
  it 's the uncertainty that 'll do the damage . 
  our political system is on fire and it does n't look like it 's going to be resolved any time soon which is the exact opposite of what we need right now . 
  we need a strong hand at the wheel and it just is n't there . 
  that is n't to say we wo n't rebound eventually , but this is going to be an ugly short term unless westminster unfucks itself real quick . 
  i really would n't be surprised if we dropped below the value of the dollar in the next couple of months . 
  the level of uncertainty around the uk right now is absolutely toxic . 
  it would be kinder if we were barred from playing football . 
  this is the most england of games . 
  they got our hopes up only to comprehensively crush them almost immediately . 
  british politics are such a clusterfuck at the moment . 
  they 'd be negotiating with a mop that has a face painted on it . 
  shame you ca n't register your vote via twitter . 
  they might have fucking bothered then . 
  knobs . 
  that was n't particularly reassuring really . 
  1 ) fuck off , foreigners . 
  looks something like that , i think . 
  we will be absolutely marginalised from now on . 
  staying in will accomplish little on the political front until enough time ( decades ) has passed for people to forgive and forget . 
  the die has been cast . 
  normally , i would have some defence for the concept of democracy . 
  it 's difficult to muster at the moment . 
  barring a massive turnaround they will be stuck with a single digit to low tens number of mps for a long time to come . 
  that is basically the same as having no mps at all unless someone gets desperate when building a coalition . 
  it 's a stunt from a party that no-one cares about . 
  they are only slightly more relevant than the monster raving loony party at this point . 
  newspapers for people who are barely literate . 
  what a mess this is going to be . 
  that is true but i 'm not sure the basic contributions are the same size for people outside the eu-proper . 
  i doubt we 're going to come out ahead but hopefully we wo n't be setting fire to too much cash . 
  all true , but i 'm expecting this one to be seriously acrimonious and stay that way for a long time . 
  roughly half the country is going to be deeply unhappy with this decision . 
  that 's not a recipe for unity . 
  it 's the ` nothing actually changes , except we lose all influence ' approach to politics . 
  very successful , i 'm told . 
  well they 'd no doubt put it to a referendum and vote that we all have to join them in it first . 
  the eurosceptics did n't exactly take the 70s result gracefully either . 
  they pissed and moaned and tried every trick in the book to get us out for forty years . 
  i do n't see why the remainers should be held to a higher standard . 
  some day , england will stop being terrible .
