because we napalmed almost all of our bridges in europe years ago and germany seems to be running the show these days . 
  it 's the golden rule : he who has the gold makes the rules . 
  have you seen the acts the uk sends ? 
  they only let us in because the bbc pays for it . 
  without wogan , i doubt it would even have the ` so bad it 's good ' appeal it lives on here now . 
  does anyone really give a stuff about it ? 
  well , i was thinking ` it would have been okay if we 'd just been back home ' but sure . 
  then i looked it up . 
  apparently the new pope pushed it up to 18 anyway . 
  that joke writes itself . 
  yeah , i 'm not sure there are many places that would be cool with an adult getting off with a fourteen year old . 
  because david cameron is a bell-end . 
  it 's any excuse really . 
  there 'll be something else after the referendum . 
  no doubt the can will be kicked along for as long as they can get away with it . 
  well , you know how it is . 
  fog in the channel . 
  europe cut off . 
  they must have been one of the very first european retailers to move in to the uk . 
  they 've been here forever and i remember when european chains showing up was a bit exotic . 
  no-one else on earth is as good at ignoring the local weirdo as a generic londoner . 
  i had no idea . 
  i thought spar was one of the many smaller , cheapish , and slightly crap british chain stores , like budgens and nisa . 
  a steel plate over your skull . 
  i think i would rather just stop letting foreigners in than adopt a us-style system . 
  my point exactly . 
  do n't worry . 
  it 'll be all about germany again in a few months when it warms up and refugees start flooding in . 
  greece could n't have been expected to handle this alone even before its economy was totally banjoed . 
  if we 're supposed to believe in european solidarity , greece has to be given proper help . 
  what 's happening now is n't that . 
  uk citizens who go abroad to abuse children can be prosecuted here , so feel free to make a report when you see such things . 
  our police are unfortunately lacking in telepathic powers at the moment . 
  it 's likely to end badly . 
  i expect the eu to be vindictive in its handling of an exit , if only to dissuade others from following that path in the future . 
  the uk would suffer more , i expect , but there 's a lot of money made in trade between our nations . 
  economies on shaky foundations ( which seems to be rather a lot of them right now ) wo n't be able to gracefully handle the loss of even part of that . 
  it has the potential to be very destructive if people decide to cut their nose off to spite their face but the eu is a sacred cow and people will react to defend the project . 
  it 's not like we , the uk , have an excess of friends amongst the eu 's mover and shakers these days to fight on our behalf . 
  mifid ii is coming , as far as legislation goes , but it 's very complex and so it 's taking a while . 
  remember when this stuff was all a racist conspiracy theory ? 
  it 's getting to be more than a little bit depressing now . 
  the world is full of idiots . 
  paying 20p to take a piss at train stations was one of the less pleasant surprises when i moved down south . 
  dunno if it 's spread since . 
  the telegraph really is n't what it used to be . 
  that 's true of traditional media in general , but with the telegraph it 's been up in big , blinking lights since one of their leading columnists left and blew the whistle on editorial being strongly influenced by advertisers . 
  it 's becoming something of a regular feature in private eye , their lack of ethics . 
  you could swap a few words around and this would describe how french is taught in england , too . 
  at least in my experience . 
  the younger generation always has shit turnout . 
  80 % turnout of 18-24 would hardly make a dent compared to 55 + anyway . 
  let 's be honest , the ukip mob were n't a great deal more useful before the referendum . 
  the liberal vote will stay labour or go to the lib dems . 
  does n't matter that much . 
  their influence is clearly declining or we 'd have voted to stay in . 
  that is genuinely kinda hilarious . 
  conversatives are also known as tories . 
  it was the name of the historic party they succeeded . 
  i suspect that ukip will take labour 's place . 
  labour is extremely fucked ; they 've forgot that they need to win over people outside their core group and their idea of that core group has moved so far that they 've lost a lot of the usuals . 
  they 're morons , at best , but ukip are taking those benefits . 
  the brexit schism is n't solved . 
  that 's a poison pill that will take just as many years to digest as it does for the country to accept the stupidity of this shit . 
  they 've just put a stopper on it for now . 
  and the traditional working class vote is n't going to win shit for the tories . 
  ukip are stronger there . 
  fifteen years of tories [ 1 ] running every service into the ground should do the trick unless there 's no viable opposition ( still ) or they manage to convince us that we do n't need the nhs . 
  in the second case , there 's no hope , and it 's tories forever even if they run under different colours . 
  [ 1 ] i think we all know that the 2010 - 2015 coalition was just tories getting 90 % of what they wanted to do and pushing the blame onto the liberals . 
  labour 's still stuck with corbyn , so we wo n't be seeing a non-tory government until 2025 ( assuming no premature elections ) . 
  yay . 
  i 'm not really looking forward to what happens next if they do get over here . 
  they 're going to discover that the streets are n't paved with gold and the way they 're acting in calais does n't bode well for what happens after that . 
  not really . 
  the press is self regulating . 
  that generally collapses in scandal every decade or two , but nothing changes . 
  broadcast media is more strictly regulated , though . 
  i suspect it 's designed to fail . 
  there 's too much dirt underneath those carpets . 
  saville , smith , heyman - it 's pretty obvious that the authorities were perfectly fine with the great and good diddling kids on the side . 
  does n't really matter unless they libel someone who has the resources to make something of it and that 's not the sort that the express likes to knock around . 
  it 's hard to imagine how it could be worse than the daily mail . 
  it 's a terrible deal , so i hope it gets cancelled entirely . 
  they can be as angry as they like ; we have enough boondoggles draining the treasury already . 
  good man . 
  i would n't want to bet on the eu purging its british staff like that . 
  skilled , specialised workers can be a real pain in the arse to replace at the best of times . 
  i suspect it 's more a matter of practical experience than academic . 
  we are n't short of diplomats and what-not , but the specifics of negotiating trade treaties are something we have delegated to the eu for a very long time now . 
  a position we have n't needed to fill for over forty years . 
  it 's going to take a long time to get back up to speed . 
  the institutional knowledge is just gone . 
  if we lose our right to passport financial services to the continent , which does n't seem entirely unlikely , a lot of business will have to leave . 
  the banks may not physically leave but they 'll be doing a lot less in london than they do now . 
  hence , alternative financial centres profit . 
  and i just do n't see the eu allowing its financial centre to remain in the uk now that we are leaving the eu . 
  thatcher was an absolute shit , but she knew what she was doing . 
  i ca n't say the same for this mob . 
  there 's not one part of that which would be 1 % worse than even the slight prospect of michael fucking gove as pm .
