  some day . 
  that would be political suicide . 
  we 'd end up with a small army of kippers in parliament after the next election . 
  brr . 
  stories like this often do n't get that much attention from the national press . 
  i suspect that they 're worried about inspiring a racist backlash but that 's just a guess at motivation . 
  we all hate queues . 
  we just live with them , because we must n't grumble . 
  down voting me wo n't change that fact . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  the uk is consistently the second or third largest net contributer to the eu budget . 
  hooligans are n't even close to being a majority . 
  do n't be daft . 
  if that were the case , there 's be tens of thousands of people brawling their way across france instead of a few groups of idiots here and there . 
  i do n't expect them to be able to fully control the city-wide craziness that happened before and after the game , but the segregation in that stadium was barmy . 
  it 's not like the russian hooligans were shy about their intent to cause trouble and there always seems to be at least a few dickheads who drink too much and start shit in the english following at these tournaments . 
  itt : people who have attended football games that are n't organised by mr bean . 
  itt : people who have attended football games that are n't organised by mr bean . 
  yeah , that 's what i was talking about . 
  normal fans , just getting along , and then some thugs show up to ruin it . 
  i guess it makes sense . 
  do n't shit where you eat . 
  the poles seem to have behaved so far . 
  i would n't be surprised if their ultras kicked off after the attacks yesterday though . 
  you 're not even a good troll . 
  that was a pretty poor effort . 
  i am pro-eu but c'mon . 
  as comedy routines go that was pathetic . 
  i would rather watch ` mock the week ' and that has n't been relevant for at least five years now . 
  labour is in a mess too but the tory majority is tiny . 
  any sort of backbench rebellion could cripple their ability to govern effectively and that would not help their chances at the next election . 
  it 's john major 's bastards all over again . 
  i think that promise was the product of two factors : * something to head ukip off . 
  despite their lack of seats , they won a lot of votes , and that was predicted . 
  * something they could sacrifice in coalition agreements . 
  no-one expected an outright majority for the tories . 
  * toss the head-bangers in the tory party a small bone that could be justifiably taken away when a majority failed to materialise . 
  cameron clearly did n't want this . 
  it 's turning his second , and last by his own words , term into a complete farce and that was completely predictable . 
  this is only happening because the tory party would have gone up in flames if cameron had tried to renege . 
  christ , they 're doing a pretty good job of that anyway . 
   i 've read that white american soldiers grew angry at the lack of segregation in uk pubs . 
  they demanded it . 
  the pub owners responded by temporarily putting up signs saying `` no white americans served . '', 
  there 's something very british about that . 
  you demand what ? 
  well , have the opposite . 
  prick . 
  the cultural changes are fascinating . 
  there 's no way a us film would refer to unions so positively nowadays and the days of british people being shrinking violets are rapidly vanishing ( for better or worse ) . 
  their highest income tax band appears to be 45 % [ 1 ] , taking into account both national and regional taxes , which is the same as our highest income tax bracket in the uk . 
  the difference comes in the fact that you have to be making # 150k + to pay that here ; they hit that rate at $ 60k . 
  ouch . 
  [ 1 ] but it can be more depending on the region apparently . 
  that makes sense . 
  i had no idea it was so generous !, 
  that must cost the country an absolute fortune . 
  well , it 's had 20 % + unemployment for something like six years now , so that 's not hard to believe at all . 
  seems kinda obvious really . 
  being on the dole is not a good time . 
  that sounds very british , though `` i 'm sorry to bother you '' is normally followed by some chugger trying to lever open my wallet these days . 
  i only ever hear of cornwall when some newspaper 's running an article on the cornish independence movement which happens approximately once every blue moon . 
  poles are probably one of our biggest minorities now . 
  big enough that the supermarkets here all seemed to sprout polish food sections virtually overnight . 
  i may also have a uk flair , but i 'm not / u/freakzilla149 . 
  the uk got so much shit for its rebate and opt outs while this just sails on . 
  it 's an absurd waste of money but it 's also quite funny . 
  having parliament shuffle between two cities in different countries is utterly absurd . 
  it 's a gigantic waste of time and money . 
  yeah , but a vote at the end is gon na have one of two choices : 1 ) like it . 
  2 ) lump it . 
  it 's not like the eu 's gon na go through another year long negotiation for a new deal if parliament tells may to get stuffed . 
  we 're gon na be stuck with whatever may dishes up . 
  i always found it funny that we were supposed to be the special snowflakes in an eu where half the budget is spent on bribing the french into submission , germany gets a whole currency area ran in its favour , most countries ignore the rules while castigating others for violating different rules , and half of eastern europe gets to suck down huge subsidies while squealing like stuck pigs the second anything 's asked for in return . 
  everyone 's in it for what they can get . 
  we can keep the uk treasury afloat by cutting all those public services the tories never really wanted us to have anyway . 
  i 'm sure it 'll break their hearts . 
  when boris fucking johnson is foreign secretary , low expectations are definitely the order of the day . 
  that popularity is relative to the worst opposition for quite some time . 
  corbyn is a useless 70s/80s throwback fighting the same fights they already lost decades ago as if they 're still relevant . 
  also , the tories are polling at 40-odd percent . 
  there 's plenty of room for people like me who think they 're morons and did n't vote to leave in those figures . 
  hell , i suspect there are plenty who did vote to leave and are looking on aghast at the mess they 're making of it all . 
  it 's not a whole lot better for those us who are british looking on in horror at our government . 
  steady now . 
  it 's fringe groups like travellers , migrant communities , people from norfolk , and the royal family that keep it in the family . 
  between these guys and that gang from newcastle that was sent down the other day , i 'm beginning to think that epic levels of inbreeding are responsible for a lot more of our social problems than i realised . 
  rents and property prices shooting up like that will price out the people who live there now . 
  even owners if they have property taxes and they 're hardly safe from redevelopment schemes and compulsory purchases at below market rates anyway . 
  if you turn over the people , you change the character of the city . 
  sounds like you 're going the way of london . 
  i can definitely understand coming out against that because it will fundamentally change the character of the city . 
  that 's a bit strange . 
  i mean , effectively , irish is a foreign language to a large part of your country at this point . 
  i 'd expect the same principles/methods would apply to teaching it . 
  second language would be a less loaded term , i suppose , but it 's going to be the same sort of thing for teaching . 
  we start late ( secondary school ) , do n't spend that much time on it ( a lesson or two a week + some homework ) , and spend a lot of time grinding through verb conjugations and vocabulary which does absolutely nothing to get kids interested . 
  you could see the enthusiasm just draining out of people as time went on when i was in school . 
  by the last year or two it was a full-on fucking around and doing nothing lesson for most . 
  and you could still get a decentish-looking gcse just by memorising a speech for the spoken test and vocab stuff for the exam in the end .
