sd are not extreme rights youth , they are an extreme ( by swedish standards ) right elected party !, 
  i would gladly see the media investigate the past of members of socialdemokraterna , but i doubt they would find elected socialdemokrater in the parliament that run racist blogs , fund openly racist websites or attack people with steel pipes !, 
  these are the people sd have representing them , of course people are going to challenge and criticise them !, 
  just because they have been elected does n't mean they have the right to change the laws or implement policies that they are campaigning for , they need a majority vote and they do n't have it because they other parties do not agree with them . 
  that is how a democracy works . 
  edit : spelling, 
  nobody is pretending sd does n't exist , we know they exist , a majority of people do not agree with them and therefore are making their voices heard . 
  compared to the other elected parties their standpoints are very extreme and so a lot more people disagree with them than with other parties policies . 
  just because they got elected does n't mean we all of a sudden have to start agreeing with them on the basis that none of the other parties are receiving the same level of criticism . 
  i do not agree that sverigedemokraterna are being harassed by the media or the other parties . 
  in the case of the media there are of course some left leaning newspapers that are very outspoken against sd but the reason so much of what gets reported about sd is negative is because they have a lot of `` skeletons in their closet '' and some very questionable people representing them . 
  the reason the other parties may seem hostile towards sd is simply because they do not agree with their politics at all and a lot of their voters are abhorred by what sd stands for . 
  just because a party was elected does n't mean everyone else has to agree with what they are saying and not challenge them . 
  in the case of sd this is intensified because they stand for something that 90 % of the population is against . 
  of course it is important that everyone gets their say , but it is equally important to show your disapproval of something you do not believe in . 
  if you simply sit back and say `` well they got elected so now we have to accept their views '' you are not being democratic . 
  as for your second point i agree that we might go a bit far in many cases to stay politically correct . 
  i do n't get how `` j\u00e4mnst\u00e4lldhet och integration '' as a fundamental philosophy would be a bad thing though ? 
  yes it can be taken too far but at it 's core it is not something bad to strive for . 
  would you care to elaborate ? 
  i had no idea this was a common opinion in other nordic countries !, 
  fair enough . 
  it is pretty great to have one sport for each country with a bitter rivalry and then a few others were we can dominate . 
  but nothing is better than beating one of you guys at a sport we are about as good at ( and nothing is worse than loosing ) !, 
  depends on who you compare to . 
  compared to denmark we are superior at skiing and hockey , compared to norway we are superior at football and hockey and compared to finland we are superior at football ( and to some extent skiing ) . 
  on a global scale we 're among the very best at hockey , quite good at skiing and average at football . 
  i know , i just felt it was the perfect time for that video , 
  well ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rotls2zvje4, 
   finland is good at hockey . 
  denmark is good at football . 
  norway is good at skiing . 
  and sweden is good at all of them !, 
  first of all i never said i hate americans , i just dislike americans who think that everyone else should conform to their ways . 
  ( and no that is not exclusive to americans , but in the case of soccer it is ) secondly , the reason i brought it up was because the person i was responding to said we should just call them moose , which is the american term for what we usually call an elk in europe . 
  yea denmark makes a lot more sense  i just had that swedish urge to make fun of norwegians at their expense , it was n't very good . 
  i know , i tried to make a joke , i guess it was n't funny , 
  using association football as an argument as to why soccer should be used is just ridiculous seeing as football is the accepted term in most of the world and many languages . 
  by that logic it would make a lot more sense to call american football ericcer since it is nearly exclusively played in the us . 
  there is also the tiny detail that ericcer is not even played with your feet !, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sd_8pryoxo and yes i have met americans who have said `` is n't it just easier if we all call it soccer ? '', 
  thats the argument americans make for everything , it 's easier if the rest of the world just conforms to their way . 
  `` it does n't matter that everyone except for us calls it football , it 's so much easier if we all just call it soccer so it does n't get confused with our `` football '' . '', 
  are we the mommy in this scenario ? 
  just let him have this one !, 
  there is not a lot else to do here in sweden during winter than to study the melting patterns of snow , and / u/alltat is obviously very proud of how good he has gotten !, 
  they probably only polled sk\u00e5ne . 
  lot 's of people down there who just can not wait to go cuddle with denmark again, 
  not in europe !, 
  what you refer to as a moose in north america is called an elk in europe ( that is in british english ) . 
  in swedish it is called an \u00e4lg , which is quite similar to elk , whilst moose sounds similar to mus , which means mouse . 
  so although both are technically correct , elk makes a lot more sense in sweden both because of how it is pronounced and because of our location . 
  great ice hockey nation ( even though they are our rivals ) !, 
  home of arguably the greatest hockey goalie ever , dominik ha\u0161ek , and one of the greatest players ever , jarom\u00edr j\u00e1gr , who is still going strong at 41 !, 
  [ karoliner do n't need modern weapons !, 
  [ elks away !, 
  [ you mess with ikea do you !, 
  [ bring it on !, 
  ] ( http://zverige.com/kingkong/grafica/carl_xvi_gustaf_01_400x542.jpg ), 
  i just found it interesting that they are all so similar but not owned by the same people like many other multinational stores across europe . 
  you would think someone would copyright the name and logo so that no one else could use it, 
  my bet is on all the people in that video being danish and that was probably the steepest hill they had ever seen !, 
  for any europeans out there who are unaware , the tallest `` mountain '' in denmark is called himmelbjergt or `` the sky mountain '' and has an elevation of 147 meters !, 
  you jealous france ? 
  it 's not our fault you executed your royal family !, 
  hey do n't hate on hawaii five-o , it 's awesome !, 
  ^ ^ brought ^ ^ to ^ ^ you ^ ^ by ^ ^ microsoft , ^ ^ hilton ^ ^ hawaii ^ ^ and ^ ^ gm ( no but seriously it 's pretty great ), 
  still , even 500 years after gustav vasa our royals are still beating the danes in skiing in vasaloppet !, 
  our prince philip has a time of 6:21:52 whilst frederik clocks in at 6:36:32 . 
  we have coop in sweden as well , but apparently they are not the same , even though they have very similar logos . 
  [ coop switzerland ] ( http://www.prepaidmvno.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/2000px-coop-ft1.png ) and coop [ sweden ] ( http://seeklogo.com/images/c/coop-logo-bfff0a8057-seeklogo.com.gif ), 
  shh not too loud , there are amercians in here , and they love liberating people !, 
  they pastry shop across from my grandparents place in helsingborg is called holger dansk , did n't know who he was . 
  man those danish pastries are delicious !!, 
  we joke about the norwegians , hate the danes and finland is basically still sweden . 
  oh and we always forget about iceland, 
  haha my summer place is actually in the g\u00f6inge area and there are museums and monuments dedicated to the snapphanar everywhere !, 
  i 'm have my eyes on you futski , keep your hands off sk\u00e5ne !!!, 
  :p in all seriousness more and more danes are buying houses and summer places in sk\u00e5ne since it 's cheaper than in denmark but still close to home . 
  in northern sk\u00e5ne where i have my summer place every single house that goes up for sale is bought by danes !, 
  for those who missed this swedish classic http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_ccsfu6pak, 
  do you have a source for that , i must have missed it ? 
  yes she got her citizenship because she 's married to a swede , but what i was saying was that the reason she got it ** last year ** was because the swedish olympic committee pressured migrationsverket to speed up the process so that she could compete for us . 
  they also put pressure on iaaf to allow her to switch to competing for sweden at the olympics , which she was technically allowed to do , but the ethiopian federation would n't let her and threatened with never letting her back into ethiopia . 
  as i mentioned in my other reply , that probably did n't come off as i intended it to . 
  i think the attitude you have towards exploring the world is exactly what we need more of everywhere . 
  only after you have left your home country can you truly appreciate it , but also see it 's faults . 
  you also realise that the world is a very diverse place with a lot of amazing people , but also has a lot of challenges that we all have to work together towards solving . 
  yea i think even if you are leaving a war torn country you 'll probably still miss it , just not the war . 
  i was more talking from personal experience of living in eastern africa and realising just how lucky i am to have been born in sweden . 
  that is not to say that living everywhere else is shit , but life is a lot harder for a majority of the worlds population !, 
  the thing about sweden is , once you live somewhere else for a while you really start to miss it , or at least i did !, 
  give it another 6 months to be properly used to swedish prices , then travel abroad and marvel at how cheap everything is , 
  her husband is also swedish-ethiopian , although he has lived here since he was 12 , so of course she has lived here for a while , but she still lives in ethiopia during most of the year to train . 
  the reason she got a swedish citizenship last year was because sweden was hoping she would compete for us in the olympics , which she did n't because ethiopia would n't let her change her registration . 
   you guys should just put zlatan in the relay team , can not fail . 
  not sure if you are just joking or if you 're insulting our skiing team ? 
   we still suck at football , lost 4-2 to sweden we also suck at athletics . 
  do n't worry , the winter olympics are only 6 months away, 
  do n't forget yelena isinbayeva , the face of russian athletics and mayor of the olympic village next year , who came out in full force to support russia 's new anti-gay laws !,
