  also rome fell like a thousand years before nation states became a thing . 
   just like the age of duchies passed before that . 
  the age before the nation states was the age of massive multi-ethnic empires . 
  turned out empires did n't work out too well especially for minorities which is why nation states exist today . 
  same way the eu will just be for german and french interest while smaller countries get shafted just along for the ride . 
  where i do n't see it ? 
  all cities in the balkans/anatolia are ugly because the ottoman empire was agrarian so when urbanization finally happened it happened quickly and a bunch of gross buildings needed to be built quickly and cheaply without any regard for beauty . 
  no regrets for following the true faith . 
  all things in this physical world are pointless in the end when you are before god . 
  you ca n't buy your way into his kingdom . 
  your cities , your empires , your gold and treasures will be meaningless , those god loves strongest he tests the most . 
  perhaps god wanted to test the orthodox christians to see if they will remain true to conviction or sell themselves out to catholicism for worldly benefits . 
  just as christ suffered on the cross for our sins . 
  the faithful are rewarded in the end with the greatest gift of all , entrance into the lords kingdom . 
  that being said the wheels of god turn slowly and the marble emperor still rests waiting to be awakened more than that , we rejoice in our sufferings , knowing that suffering produces endurance , and endurance produces character , and character produces hope , and hope does not put us to shame , because god 's love has been poured into our hearts through the holy spirit who has been given to us . 
  shameless plug for / r/greecepics, 
   what 's the difference between catholic and orthodox ? 
  orthodoxy is right, 
  it 's like lord of the rings, 
  i have a picture of him on my nightstand next to my bed with some prayer rope . 
  greeks were the first ones to reach india by sea, 
  vlad was a hero, 
  not just my username . 
  i am a monarchist . 
  german police enforcing the law ? 
  do n't you know that would make them literal hitler . 
  i was looking at videos of their police no shields or batons, 
   yeah , that kinda thing is not going to happen to be honest . 
  let 's speak hypothetically though , we 'll do what we have done in '63 or during the greek junta backed fascist coup - we 're far more stubborn than you can assume , and wo n't shy away from some settlers . 
  are you saying you will fight against turkey ? 
  please do n't make me laugh . 
  glorious orthodoxy, 
  please stop, 
   we had a king who died of sepsis after a monkey bit him . 
  can we not talk about this please, 
  i 'm surprised western europe has antifa considering how good their mental health services are, 
  skanderbeg was actually a greek avranite, 
  i am neither happy nor saddened by its faliure it was an expected outcome 99 % probability, 
  of course i would like that . 
  what 's the point of anything ? 
  lol so surprising . 
  / s gc are living in la la land thinking there will every be a peace deal anywhere near sensible . 
  the turks are not interested in peace . 
  the turks just want to extend their influence , the peace deal is just their guise . 
  the only peace deal they will agree to is one that strips greek cypriots of thier sovereignty and effectively turns cyprus into a turkish puppet state with gc becoming mordern day dhimmis . 
  exploit the gas in the south and keep the status quo . 
  build the pipeline with greece and isreal . 
   a nazi admiral named wilhelm canaris he was n't a nazi by the end . 
  he turned on them and was executed for it . 
  he 's fairly well known, 
  you know it i know it . 
  donald probably calls her his `` little schnitzel '', 
  i sense some sexual tension between the two . 
  what about the poem landed him in jail ? 
  unfortunately i do n't think law enforcement in greece can do much , these unions and their political circles are going to hold the country back from reforming and changing the economic system which brought the country to crisis for years to come, 
  the msm tries too hard to paint trump in a negative light ... again, 
  great artwork . 
  great to see a welcoming attitude towards the u.s president from europe for once . 
  poles are great people with a great country !, 
   however , many chain retailers in central athens prefer to stay closed because activists who oppose demonstrate outside their stores and do n't allow customers to go in and even enter stores and vandalize them . 
   according to a kathimerini newspaper report , retail professionals complain that protesters stormed into shops on ermou street and in omonia square and hurled paint inside when those stores opened their doors on a sunday . 
  they stressed that they are blackmailed by retail employee unionists and activists into keeping their shops closed on sundays . 
   however , many chain retailers in central athens prefer to stay closed because activists who oppose demonstrate outside their stores and do n't allow customers to go in and even enter stores and vandalize them . 
  according to a kathimerini newspaper report , retail professionals complain that protesters stormed into shops on ermou street and in omonia square and hurled paint inside when those stores opened their doors on a sunday . 
  they stressed that they are blackmailed by retail employee unionists and activists into keeping their shops closed on sundays . 
  spain still has it 's monarchy . 
  king felipe vi son of sof\u00eda of greece and denmark !, 
   the spanish republic was n't communist [ lol ] ( http://i.imgur.com/le4rcvv.jpg ), 
  how did that work out for them ? 
  republicanism is inferior to monarchism, 
  western civilization is already dead and dying . 
  post modernism destroyed it . 
  europe in the future will be a bland , cultureless place , with little geopolitical importance . 
  democracy is the west has it 's roots in magna carter not athenian democracy . 
  also there is nothing western about democracy , monarchy has been more important to europe for hundreds of years . 
  democracy is new . 
   the byzantine empire was western as fuck . 
  their middle easterner subjects saw them as western and called them ` romans ' . 
  well yeah because to them they were west . 
   also , greece is turning more atheist by the day and also more lgbtq accepting . 
  who cares ? 
  being more atheist just means being more cultureless and bland . 
  i do hope that greece stops looking west , and trying to emulate post modernist liberal western culture . 
   literally each and every one of your sentences are wrong . 
  find any historian or scholar and tell them that its arguable that greece is the basis of the western civilization and they 'll look at you like you have down syndrome . 
  no they would n't actually . 
  as this has been brought up countless times in academic circles  just like no one cared about the roman culture either because it was the fucking middle ages . 
  no one cared about that . 
  when the enlightment came that changed and everyone ever since recognizes that greece is part of the western world . 
  it 's just a simply google search away , seriously . 
  the eastern roman empire did . 
  the reason the west did n't care is because their entire connection to greece is artificially created during the enlightenment and there was no natural continuity, 
  just because ancient greece was the bases for the western world ( which is highly arguable ) . 
  means nothing . 
  just because the west was influenced by ancient greece does not mean anicent greece itself was western . 
  and ancient greece was heavily influenced by eastern cultures such as egyptian and phenocian . 
  the east was far more influenced by greek culture than the west ever was , they just lost it because of islam . 
  if islam never came about they would have a far more hellenic culture than the west . 
  the connection between ancient greece and the west is just stuff dreamt up during the enlightment . 
  before that nobody in the west cared for greek culture also i never said greek culture was n't european just not western european .
