  the party he votes for says stuff like that and that 's all we need to know . 
  i do n't need to , all i need to do is listen to the rhetoric of the opposition to understand our `` komsu '', 
  do you actually think turkish seculars are any better ? 
  i expect this ignorance from westerners who know nothing of turkey besides for what the read from the astroturfing turks on reddit , but as a greek you should know just as well those secular turks are just as imperialistic chauvinistic , and a danger to greece as the islamists , two sides to the same coin , which ever one is in power in turkey is inconsequential to greeks as their behavior is identical , the only difference is one wears a headscarf, 
  lol you think a fire started by a mere man is comparable to the wrath of the lord ? 
  chios was liberated by greece during the balkan wars , turkey already lost the entire aegean before ww1 even started . 
  you should look up the chios holocaust , the residents of chios surly arnt sad they no longer live under the boot of turkush tyranny . 
  though then again they probably would n't be living there as they would have been ethnically cleansed and replaced with anatolian settlers as is tradition, 
   can a royal person , like them , just quit the job and become a normal person ? 
  yes , they can . 
  of course they will never be truly `` normal '' because they are so well known , but they can step down , plenty of monarchs have . 
  being a monarch is a very strenuous duty . 
  many people forget it is a duty . 
  they probably work just as hard and have just a stressful life 's than your average person . 
  people often look at the green grass on the other side , they see the wealth and palaces and they think it is a great life , never considering that most likely prince 's and princess ' look at the commoner and wish they could be in their place , to not have been born into such circumstance , to be normal , to walk down the street as a normal person . 
  to live their life free from duty , being a monarch is a bit like being a bird in a cage , a very expensive and comfortable cage , but still a cage . 
  it 's a duty carrying the divine right . 
  i 'm only telling the truth . 
  the eu does n't care about it 's people , it 's a mathematical union filled with mathematical people , eurocrats for the most part do n't even seem to have a concept of what europe is themselves , to them europe is a market , to be exploited , globalized and diversified without any concern for it 's people . 
  i mean just visually this is obvious , the eu parliament itself looks like a bloody bank headquarters not some seat of government , a cold , steel glass structure , devoid of any character * shivers *, 
  maybe , i would n't know nor care to know . 
  is n't split an historical town ? 
  hopefully the fire does n't reach the historical places, 
  the ottoman empire was an agrarian society mostly and institutionalization and urbanization happened, 
  if you think that 's crazy around 50 % of koreans live in seoul , also you already asked this question on / r/greece lol, 
   even those two had been liberated but were handed over to the turks cause according to them `` their greek possession was detrimental to our sovereignty '' they were returned to turkey by greece after the balkan wars and the treaty of athens right ? 
  the turks have never defeated the hellenic navy in a single engagement , which is why the aegean is all greek to begin with aside for two small islands up north . 
  it 's why a small nation like greece essentially mare nostrumed the regional superpowers sea . 
  the hellenic navy is plenty capable , greece has a strong naval tradition and has always been a seafairing nation . 
  so i do n't think there will be as much pain as he thinks , not to mention greece will certainly have outside support . 
  well that 's just silly and nonsensical , i wonder if turkey would give greece equal access to resources in anatolia , the aegean is not a shared sea , it 's a greek sea with greek islands , with greek people . 
  the hellenic navy liberated it from the ottomans over a century ago, 
   we both know the real reason behind the water claims . 
  dat oil . 
  there is n't even oil in the eastern aegean . 
  how is it critical of trump ? 
  no i do n't support him or his government, 
  eu should be louder about everything regarding turkey , but we all know the eu does n't really care about it 's member states , and is just a bank turned government full of bureaucrats who are only interested in centralization of more power to brussels, 
   this is not a leftist issue  brings up hungary this event happened in greece where it most certainly is a leftist issue, 
  expecting to be able to walk the streets and shop without being assaulted such entitled much wow !, 
  b-b-but muh worker rites lol i am so happy leftism is dying in greece . 
  what are they protesting ? 
  i do n't care about the eu myself , i 'm not very pro-eu but this gas project is important for europe regardless . 
  france would still support this project even it it was n't in the eu . 
  having a new oil supply that cuts dependency on russian oil is always good . 
  also turkey has more refugees than any eu nation , not to mention almost 20 % of the population is kurdish so if you want to talk about collapse brought upon by ethnic demographics you would n't have to look far . 
  eu will probably outlast turkey in it 's current state . 
  actually i do n't think the eu is going anywhere for quite a while, 
  b-but muh superpower turan turkey !, 
  i look forward to the nice pipeline being built through crete, 
  turkey wo n't do anything . 
  turkey is a cowardly country who can only abuse and harress it 's small neighbors , once larger and comparable countries stand against it it does n't do shit . 
  even just france is enough to scare turkey away let alone when the entire eu comes to cyprus ' aid, 
  turkey is the one with delusions of a super power but we all see how cowardly they are when they play with the big boys then they go back to abusing their smaller nieghbors like a bully with an infiriority complex, 
  anutta one http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/07/13/france-offers-full-support-to-cyprus-over-drilling-in-islands-eez/, 
  you guys can always 1821, 
  says the guy from a country who elevated a man who toppled the ottoman government to god level status, 
  how so ? 
   thats probably because there is no `` evil '' or `` good '' in history nonsense there is plenty of good and evil in history . 
  turkey gon na turkey, 
  are you head mod of / r/europe ? 
  well it could n't have been that bad as he survived, 
  many armenians dressed in traditional outfits during the war as homage to their ancestors who were victims of the armenian genocide, 
  repent . 
  it was like a yugoslav war really, 
  yeah orcs were actually based on turks , that 's why they have the turkish sounding names , i think they even filmed mordor on location in ankara, 
  so that is where albanians come from, 
  yes pavlik manukyan, 
  we did n't just take the sea , we took the islands too , look at a map if you are capable, 
  aegean is a sea . 
  the georgios averoff took the entire aegean by itself . 
  the feel when you are a regional superpower and a little nation like greece mare nostrumed your sea xd, 
  [ monarchist 4th of august regime , best year of life !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouc6tu9z-bu ), 
  i am referring to leftist economic policies , leftist economic policies were popular after the junta so nd had to follow them to get elected so yes economically pasok and nd were both very much left , nd is the ones who started the massive nationalizations and statism, 
  the aegean is greek for a reason turks have never defeated greece at sea, 
  the only people laughing are turkish redditors who cordinate on their chat rooms to brigade anyone who says anything remotely negative about them, 
   `` genocidal '' , `` imperialists '' yes two words the accurately describe your country and as i said , we will see . 
   years are n't just numbers.things changed a lot since than and reasons for fight is even less now . 
  well for turks it is but defending yourself and families against a genocidal , imperialist turkey is reason enough for greeks to fight when the time comes , and as usual greeks will be on the right side of history fighting for justice , liberty and freedom, 
   lol what?you do realize we are in 21st century right ? 
  til wars ca n't happen cause `` it 's the current year ''  a war did n't happen in 90s thanks to usa and now we have usa and eu to stop it and both countries have other problems to deal with.nothing will probably happen other than usual throwing shit at each other and border violetions . 
  we will see , i think 90 % a war will happen in the next decade , a small , local conflict in the aegean , turkey can not deal with the fact that the aegean is the mare nostrum of greece, 
   also there wo n't be an aegean war . 
  you can fool ignorant westerners who know nothing of turkey on this subreddit , but i know better . 
  i know turkey 's intentions , i understand the turkish mentality , i know turkey wants the aegean islands , i know nothing could fill turkey with joy more than seeing it 's blood soaked flag over symi , kos , rhodes , lemnos , samothraki etc, 
  they have expansionist ambitions , for instance in the aegean , they want islands they will probably attempt it in the next decade . 
  great to know other eu members are cooperating with turkey on their missile system they will use when they launch their aegean war against greece . 
  as ataturk said `` sovernigty is not given it 's taken '', 
  it 's amazing how in denial some greeks are still . 
  pasok , nd , it does n't matter . 
  after the junta left wing economic thought infested the country like a diesase , left wing economic populism dominated greek politics for 4 decades and with syriza it 's is still going on . 
  greeks have been voting for cradle to grave statism for 4 decades, 
  that 's because in america middle class is basically the upper-middle class in any european nation . 
  all the people he `` bullies '' publicly deserve it as they are bullies themselves just far less funny and with sinister intentions , especially the lying dishonest media and it 's talking puppets, 
   by that metric the united states and a shit-ton of other countries are european . 
  well u.s definitely have more in common with european nations than with native american cultures . 
   you should do it on your own if you can . 
  but trying to elect a borderline fascist and getting angry at minorities for worrying for their lives and goals is not reasonable . 
  damned kurds wanting self determination and statehood !,
