that 's not from a university , that 's from the old '' \u03b5\u03c3\u03c4\u03b9\u03b1 '' that students are staying those are student homes on campus , just face it it exist and i can show more examples  at the moment police can go inside the university only if there is a threat against life yes as i said before '' `` stupid laws preventing order on campus ''  there is a minority that wants that to change well it 's good to know there are at least some smart people around . 
   . you must be mad to describe the university of thessaloniki as `` establishment in decay '' and a `` ghetto '' . 
  obviously you have n't even passed outside of it . 
  i have n't seen it in a while but i doubt it 's changed much . 
  i said some . 
  not all . 
   if our universities are worse than norwegian prisons they why did you came to study here ? 
  i never said i was in greece studying . 
  and that part was more a joke , stop getting so defensive , you know just as well as me greek universities are establishments in decay , campuses feel like ghetto 's more than a place of higher learning . 
  political groups run rampant , stupid laws preventing order on campus , major problems that need to be fixed and ignoring it wo n't do anyone any good . 
  actually i am living in greece now . 
  so  . and yes , of course universities have toilets ... lol yeah one for like 100 students and students have to go out and buy their own toilet seats so they dont get uti 's edit : if anyone is wondering what greek uni 's are actually like : http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2014/06/violence-malaise-mar-greek-universities-20146810167768961.html the fact there are greeks who defend the situation really tells you all you need to know about the country and why it is where it is . 
  regarding toilets : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jemr4eo7ge you can find many examples like this, 
  i doubt it a healthy economy akp relies on they would never put that at risk so blatantly . 
  this is probably fake news, 
  lol hold my beer, 
  i agree , amazing how a greek built structure is still the most famous building in all of turkey , testament to our culture, 
  did n't breivik complain about not getting a playstation 4 or something and claimed it was a human rights abuse ? 
  you probably get a better education in norwegian prison too, 
   greece  raise standards pick one, 
  the feel when a norwegian mass murderer has a higher quality of life than an average greek some universities in greece do n't even have toilets, 
  without eu greece would be very strong country , many riches hidden beneath the mountains , sages tell of the long night and the day greece will be free from the empire, 
  so you 're saying most of the world except for the west is worthless ? 
  sounds very white nationalist of you, 
  just so you know most people outside the nihilistic , postmodern west are nationalist/ethnocentric to some degree so you 're calling most of the world worthless, 
  nationalist + orthodox christian, 
  because it was built by greek hands , greek do n't creak, 
  if you would want it to . 
  but the soul of the building will never change . 
  it will . 
  istanbul the mills of god grind slowly, 
  well we know turks do n't want to face russians as that 's a fair fight better to stick to small little islands like cyprus brave warrior people indeed, 
  turkey seems to be doing this, 
  horrible hope kos is okay . 
  you guys did n't even step in for the azeris who were right next door , though that 's because a war with russia would have happened and you would actually have a fight on your hands, 
  they benefited off the imperialist system so yes . 
  well he 's dead so, 
  and greeks call it `` uncle george '', 
   nice , does that mean you are willing to take the kurds ? 
  since you are so concerned for their well being , you are clearly open to that . 
  if we get the land in kurdistan ? 
  sure . 
  we will take the kurds and their lands and them give them the independence they yern for, 
  too bad you did n't invade armenia when they launched their peace operation, 
  the conditions were a little different as it was a population exchange agreed upon between two states, 
   bosnia and herzegovina is more of a state than cyprus . 
  not at all , cyprus is ahead of bosnia in every category , standard of living , wealth , etc. 
  over half of the population is not bosniak you left out 30 % serbs . 
  not to mention bosnia is a failed project, 
   greek cypriot sources have accepted the authenticity of the akritas plan , but controversy regarding its significance and implications persists . 
  [ 15 ] it is a subject of debate whether the plan was actually implemented by president makarios . 
  frank hoffmeister wrote that the similarity of the military and political actions foreseen in the plan and undertaken in reality were `` striking '' . 
  [ 5 ] according to paul sant-cassia , the plan `` purported to project a plan at ethnic cleansing '' , which was in parallel to the turkish cypriot perception that the events of 1963-64 were part of a policy of extermination . 
  [ 16 ]  turkish cypriot nationalistic narratives have presented the plan as a `` blueprint for genocide '' [ 15 ] and it is widely perceived as a plan for extermination in the turkish cypriot community . 
  [ 17 ] turkish ministry of foreign affairs calls the plan a `` conspiracy to dissolve the republic of cyprus , in pre-determined stages and methods , and to bring about the union of cyprus with greece '' . 
  [ 18 ] according to scholar niyazi k\u0131z\u0131ly\u00fcrek , however , the meaning later given to this plan was disproportionate and the plan was a `` stupid '' and impractical plan that got more attention than it deserved due to propaganda . 
  he claimed that , in accordance to the plan , eldyk troops should have taken action , which was not the case and led to georgadjis shouting `` traitors ! '', 
  in front of their camp . 
  [ 17 ] calling the plan `` infamous '' , scholar evanthis hatzivassiliou wrote that the aim of quick victory indicated the `` confusion and wishful thinking of the greek cypriot side at that crucial moment '' . 
   hms victory such an awesome ship, 
  germans are welcome to come to greece , much better than turkey anyway , much more friendly people as well, 
  most turks are racist which is why i personally do n't listen when that hypocritical bunch talks of racism against them, 
   you should n't insult a leader or important figure . 
  is this really getting upvoted on / r/europe . 
  lol must be turkish brigade, 
  well i wo n't lie that 's a surprising response , hopefully you do n't get sent to prison for it , but considering you are in america given your flair you 're probably safe . 
  did ataturk genocide kurds in dersim ? 
  greece went bankrupt because of socialist statist economics , not from military spending . 
   i have my doubts about greek cypriots not wanting greek influence in cyprus most greek cypriots do n't want greece influencing the island ( as much as it pains me ), 
   and massacred with the support of the central government . 
  youre playing the same game the turks play , pretend something is not genocide for `` reasons '' we cant quite explain . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   i want to stop that greek whitewashing of events . 
  they wanted to genocide the turks on cyprus source for this ? 
  they killed more kurds in places like dersim yet they would n't dare call it attempted genocide, 
  what do you think ? 
  of course not . 
  inter-communal violence was in the 60 's the invasion in the mid seventies, 
  turkish redditors typically tend to have none . 
   that 's not the same situation . 
  how is it different ? 
   in turkey both are turkish citizens yes and in a fair reunified cyprus turkish cypriots would be cypriot citizens ? 
   and actually there were kurdish presidents like \u00d6zal in the past . 
  yes but he was chosen as leader through a '' `` democratic process '' '' ( ca n't be too sure in turkey ) where every citizen regardless of ethnicity had a vote . 
  he was n't guaranteed a presidency simply because a kurd has to be president . 
  you seem to have trouble understanding things . 
   presidency for what ? 
  they are turkish citizens and therefore they have the same benefits and privileges any turkish citizen has . 
  a rotating presidency which turkish cypriots wants guarantees that every other president would have to be a turkish cypriot regardless of how people vote . 
  is that something turks would accept in turkey , that every other prime minister * had * to be a kurd ? 
   they are turkish citizens and therefore they have the same benefits and privileges any turkish citizen has . 
  and that 's what gc side wants for tc but tc want a bunch of benefits and privileges , that would make them unequal, 
   they do have the same benefits and privileges . 
  what benefits and privileges do turkish citizens have which turkish citizens of kurdish ethnicity do n't have ? 
  do kurdish people have a rotating presidency , are they allowed to have a foreign military force on their part of turkey to `` protect them ? '', 
  are kurds guaranteed equal seats in parliament as turks ? 
  please spare me of your ignorance . 
  well yes if there was a fair agreement obviously the vast majority of the island would have more sway than a minority . 
  if we asked turkey to grant the same benefits and privileges to their kurdish minority it would be funny to see the response . 
  or actually any nation for that matter .
