  nope , it was your choice to subjugate them . 
  so now you face the consequence of your imperialist attitudes . 
  you would have been better off if had given them a small state in the 1900 's but turks were greedy and wanted every piece of land they could eat , now a hundred years later the kurdish population has boomed and continues to boom and they spread and spread , and eventually when it comes time to leave they will take a * big piece *, 
  it 's something she said during divorce proceeding an emotional charged fit , nothing more . 
  where is stavros ' taxi goat fun time park , just outside athens ? 
  no she did n't . 
  lmao . 
  she retracted , you 're dragging out such bias bullshit articles . 
  ivana and trump remain friendly today . 
  because trump is a good man oh and let 's not get started on his other wife http://www.huffingtonpost.com/blake-fleetwood/marla-maples-trump-was-th_b_9438540.html, 
  erdogan is more liberal than any other politicians you guys had though , let 's be honest, 
  his ex wives actually do speak highly of him so i am unsure where you are getting this from !, 
  reported , offensive to plus sized [ insert identity here ], 
  pkk are terrorist doe but not my grey wolfs awhoooooooooooo, 
  macron is really warming up to trump it seems , whilst being initially hostile . 
  not surprising as trump is said to be an incredibly friendly and warm person with an eccentric personality , the majority of people that know him have nothing but good things to say !, 
  this is why the opposition will never win another election if they continue the racism towards kurds . 
  kurdish population only growing to . 
  the more kurdish voters the more concessions will have to be made to keep their support , maybe autonomy , independence ? 
   it is also an inevitable side effect of the european freedom of movement . 
  it 's an inevitable effect of a socialist economy eventually failing too, 
  this is what happens when you decide to be socialist instead of having a market economy . 
  e.e went through it too . 
  if greeks elect another leftist party again next elections it 's truly irredeemable, 
  i thought he was the pm of albania , looks like the pm of name a slavic nation with those shoes, 
  i have to be honest with you , i am not a big fan of paella . 
  i mean i guess it 's alright 6/10 at best . 
  i prefer real spanish food , like tacos , burritos , etc, 
  golden dawn does n't hang out at touristy night clubs in zante, 
   greece was defiant oxi oxi oxi get out italian get out with ur mama spegehhti !, 
   someone was to time travel back in time and stop him the whole history would be changed . 
  the region would be far better off and developed that 's for sure . 
  middle east would probably be more stable as well , world wars may very well have been avoided , no holocaust , etc, 
  a girl has no sarcasm, 
  i am saying many countries will back greece how many will back turkey , very relevant to  , taking into account the respective importance of the interests involved to the parties as well as to the international community as a whole . 
  israel does n't count and neither do any of the countries listed . 
  do n't bother arguing with them they are essentially robots who just echo state propaganda and lines, 
  who is going to back turkey ? 
  when the plan goes ahead we will see no sense arguing with a shithole like turkey, 
  probably because the only parties that matter in this regard is the trio . 
  the eu wants this project as well . 
  nobody recognizes turkeys eez claims . 
  greece 's claims are international law when push comes to shove eu and any other country like egypt etc that matters will support the trio, 
  show me a country in the region that does n't besides turkey greece 's eez '' `` claims '' '' are covered by international law and unclos 1982, 
  everyone wants this project expect for turks , eu wants it . 
  so they do n't have to depend of shithole countries like turkey as transit nations for their energy . 
  israel wants it , egypt wants it , greece wants it , the major oil companies want it . 
  it 's going to happen and there is nothing you can do . 
  the only reason the project has n't gone ahead is because it 's being used as a card in reunification talks , sooner or later it will . 
  everyone recognizes greece 's eez besides for turks greece 's eez is n't even a claim , the only ones with asinine claims is turkey . 
  if the eez claim that everyone recognizes except for your country sticks ** muh anatolian plate !, 
   when the cyprus reunification matter is resolved it wo n't be , gc should use the gas to enrich themselves . 
  not their fault turkey occupies the wrong side of the island , that 's what they wanted right ? 
  division ? 
  now you have it now there is division of resources . 
  the gas belongs to greek cypriots and they are going to pump that sweet stuff right through crete of course we never hear any legitimate or rational concerns from the turkish side which is typical with any issues of theirs really . 
  they are simply hostile for the sake of being hostile, 
   serbian turbo folk lol, 
  interesting , cp cafavy my favorite poet is a greek from egypt . 
  do you know much about the campaigns of muhammed ali in greece . 
  the ottomans unable to quell the rebellion themselves pulled ali to help . 
  his campaign was brutal , he also planned barbarisation to send all the greeks to egypt as slaves to be replaced with arab settlers . 
  egypt and greece have a complicated history luckily today relations are good . 
  russia could have been one of the most developed and advanced countries today instead they chose communism and they are today punished still, 
  my grandfather went to egypt . 
  the british set it up . 
  he joined the greek forces in the middle east with our majesty king george ii and the brits and btfo the krauts and italians at el alamein, 
  the is no drop . 
  only ascendance to god 's kingdom brother . 
  are there going to be riots ? 
  the lack of support finland got from europe whilst it heroically stood against the scourge of communism is shameful to say the least, 
  nice bridge might have to czech it out one day, 
   exactly !, 
  i think it 's fairly correct to say that both majorities of greeks and turks have moved on , except ultra-nationalists and a minority of circlejerk on the internet . 
  we both have other , bigger problems to deal with . 
  bullshit , greeks may act nice to individual turks but that 's meaningless , but on a national/societal level there is a hatred or at least a dislike that is pretty much programmed in there since birth . 
  even among the disconnected liberal progressive europhile greeks on reddit who draw hearts on / r/place with turks ( lol ) there exists a base dislike for turks and it 's very easy to push the right buttons so to speak to see it come out . 
  let alone the average greek average greek does not hold a high opinion of turkish people and same could be said vice versa and i hope it stays that way . 
  greeks can not afford to be contempt with turks as neighbors right now considering the chance of them invading the aegean in the next decade or so is very high and almost a certainty . 
  i am orthodox and believe in the divine right of kings , yes . 
  orthodoxy is pointless if there is no caesaropapism, 
  well technically all of europe is . 
  but southern italy is realistic, 
  what 's the oxymoron ? 
  uh ... sure, 
   , but monarchy is a shitty system . 
  that 's just your opinion . 
  let 's not start a political debate, 
   i 'm an atheist and a leftist just saying all the most beautiful places in europe were built for two reasons . 
  monarchy and religion, 
   i do n't wan na be ruled by someone whose sole qualification is being the product of the right person 's sperm . 
  you mean being bestowed with the divine right of god ? 
  autobahn was planned before hitler, 
  can you imagine greeks doing this ? 
  lol, 
  southern italy is greek land anyway and this map just proves it . 
  thank god europe has a strong monarchist cultural heritage so we can enjoy beautiful sites like this, 
  greek people hate turkey . 
  what do you think, 
  lol if they worked well nationalism would have never happened .
