  someone tell the baltic states they need a rotating presidency for their russian minorities !, 
   then why are you surprised when the turkish cypriot side want a turkish military base to block this very same idea from becoming reality ? 
  i am not surprised at all as i understand the turkish mentality . 
   does your support extend to turkish cypriots exercising it ? 
  well yes it does , as long as it does not impede on greek cypriots who form the absolute and overwhelming majority of the island back then and still do . 
  i do n't know anywhere else in the world where 80 % of the population is unable to exercise their self determination . 
  if we were to use cyprus as measure , turkey would not be able to have self determination because 20 % of it 's population is kurdish , and unlike cyprus in the past most kurds actually form the majority in geographically extensive areas . 
  i wonder when we will see a bi-communal federation there ? 
  perhaps we should have a foreign military occupy some areas to protect the kurds, 
  so greek cypriots should just accept any proposal put in front of them ? 
  most greek cypriots support reunification , but they support a sensible and fair reunification , not a surrender document masquerading as a peace plan, 
  western thrace you mean ? 
  the annan plan like the current plans being talked of today are nothing more than a guise by imperialist turks to turn cyprus into a turkish puppet state . 
  absolutely, 
  go ahead , you 'd be surprised how much people do n't care anymore . 
  in fact reunification only benefits turkey , by normalizing relations , becoming a hub for cypriot gas , etc. 
  but most turks are simple gok goks and can only think in simple terms like `` moar land moar good '' truth is the status qou is highly beneficial for greece , especially with the gas developments , because cyprus and turkey do not have normal relations and turkish cypriots are on the wrong side of the island and have no say in gas matters now , gc will bypass turkey and go through greece . 
  the whole situation if anything is great for us you really want to know who lost in cyprus ? 
  the turkish cypriots you so much wanted to `` defend '' who left the island and who were replaced with anatolian settlers , who are dependent on a regime most of them do n't like , unrecognized , living on underdeveloped land stuck in a limbo . 
  and most of them are completely against annexation because turkey is such a shit country that even your puppet state does n't like you . 
  but i am sure you can continue to ethnically cleanse them and replace them with your anatolian settlers to change the politics as you already been doing . 
  basically your occupation is doing to the tc what you wanted to prevent . 
  ( but of course we know that was n't the true motives and just a convenient excuse ) you 're ethnically cleansing them , they leave and are replaced with settlers and the amount of tc on the island dwindle . 
  i know genocide and ethnic cleansing is a big part of turkish tradition but when you have such policies against what you consider `` your own people '' i think you are taking it a bit too far turkey has the most to gain from reunification of the island greece gains absolutely nothing , if anything it loses because the energy triangle greek cypriots have little to gain , access to a bigger market , normalized relations , maybe some more economic opportunities , and of course sentimental reasons , but they also put themselves at risk again . 
  run the chance of turkey having too much sway over the island , perhaps stirring up problems to invade the whole island next time , why greek cypriots who made a comfortable state for themselves , with all their liberty and freedoms , and opportunities for their children would risk that i can not understand . 
  perhaps it 's the cretan in me, 
  even if we did n't count the old tanks , we 'd still have more than most of europe, 
  why so you can invade and genocide in classic turkish fashion ? 
  no thanks !, 
  yes . 
  population replacement can be considered ethnic cleansing, 
  is n't kosovo a breeding ground for islamists or is that bosnia, 
  and italian culture is any better with your fucking spahhgetti and andrea bochillie, 
  yeah but hoxha beat the muslim out of you with the state imposed atheism, 
  actually all languages are variants of greek, 
   can we have the old turkey back please ? 
  just as shiet, 
  what the fuck ? 
  it 's a joke, 
  we are going to take some too . 
  southern border area bitola , etc we need the living space, 
   just split the country between albania and bulgaria already , we all know it will happen this century anyway greece will get some too . 
  sea level rising would actually give us more islands . 
  `` racist tone '' ? 
  one has to wonder if they found the gas on their side of the island would they say greek cypriots had a right to it as well ? 
  of course not . 
  you talking to me ? 
  do n't get why bulgaria did it i can understand with serbia but with greece ? 
  bulgaria and greece has no prior agreements, 
  why is it so hard for you to admit turks got fucking destroyed by a bunch of peasant bandits , farmers , and pirates , the turks had every advantage over the greeks , greeks did n't even have their own state , and the revolutionaries still kicked their ass , if it was n't for egypt the war would have ended in 1824 . 
   except we do n't go around and try to ethnically cleanse one another . 
  that 's debatable , the `` diversity '' being forced upon eu states is questionable at best, 
  greece will not accept a name that promotes irredentism against it , simple . 
  he ca n't , when it comes to things that matter culturally like morality , values , mannerisms , etc greeks and turks are polar opposites . 
  all turks and greeks have in common is inconsequential things like how we put meat on bread . 
  that 's good to hear , greeks normally excel at life when in a functioning market economy , sadly greece itself is a statist overly beuractic hellhole where creativity and entrepreneurship is discouraged and demonized by the overbearing courrpt state , i can only hope it reforms in the future to a more competitive market economy , so greeks can excel in their own nation instead of having to go to another, 
  how is the greek community doing there ? 
  how dare greece surrender it 's `` economic sovereignty '' to anyone but the eu masters !, 
  at least the chinese are nice to greece and actually contribute to the country , of course they do it for their own benefit as well but at least it 's a two way street i choose china over eu anyday of the week . 
  plus china has a far greater role to play in the future as a superpower than the eu . 
  china will even surpass the u.s eventually, 
  if china wants it they will do it . 
  china has the resources, 
  poor armenia lives in the worst neighborhood in the world, 
  you 're kidding right , you guys were having goverment organzoed pogroms against your christian minority, 
  you should have taken greeks instead, 
  because turks brigade from their chatrooms . 
  anyone who says anything remotely negative of them . 
  this is not about the land route , but the maritime route  china will create a waterway linking the mediterranean sea via the axios river in thessaloniki , to the danube and the existing river transport network in europe and the black sea . 
  -  this does n't mean trade around bosporus and istanbul will decrease since it is an important port istanbul 's container port is smaller than athens now , china is more focused on making piraeus and greece it 's bridge to europe, 
  please . 
  please . 
  please . 
  this kind of project should have been done long ago . 
  take away the importance of the bosporus, 
   sultan also destroyed jannisary corps.conscripting and brining men to that area was close to impossible due to bad ottoman supply lines ( that is why they asked for mehmed alis help ) . ottomana did n't have enough men , money , weapon to suprass that big revolt . 
  despite this the ottoman armies far outnumbered the numbers the greeks raised to revolt . 
  and they did n't `` ask '' muhammad ali for help . 
  they bought his help with promises of land and territory . 
  do n't even bother . 
  greek rebels destroyed the turks it was only when the turks had to beg ali of egypt to send his armies did the revolution face any problems , all greeks did was bring in their own friends to counter theirs . 
  lol the greek revolutionaries mobbed the floor with the turks , after kolkotronis obliterated an entire ottoman army at dervenakia leaving only a few survivors , it was the turks who got help from `` daddy '' muhammed ali pasha who sent his western trained armies to the peloponnese . 
  that was the only time the revolution was in any peril . 
  all the revolutionaries did was bring in some friends of their own to level the playing field . 
  turks brought their friends we brought ours , ours were just better . 
  hilariously the very same great powers who helped greece with the egyptians saved the ottoman ass ' from the very same guy a few years later . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptian%e2%80%93ottoman_war_ ( 1831 % e2 % 80 % 9333 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptian%e2%80%93ottoman_war_ ( 1839 % e2 % 80 % 9341 ) turks were absolutely crushed in that war . 
  completely and utterly obliterated with no control of the situation , defeated decisively on land and on sea if it was n't for the help from egypt the war would have ended in 1824 . 
  you expect a small country of 2 million to face an empire 20 times it size by itself ? 
  none of the balkan league nations could defeat the ottomans themselves , that 's why they teamed up . 
  also his comment was n't referring to wars with greece but ottoman wars in general he stated that the greek revolution singled a era of major decline for the ottomans which it did , you should work on your reading comprehension, 
   turco-greek wars . 
  the only war the ottomans won after the greek war of independence was a small border skirmish in 1897 , a minor military victory over your former smaller colony , and crimean war , do you need to be hit over the head with a history book , i know the turkish education system is a gloried propaganda factory and you probably do n't learn real history . 
  but after 1821 you literally suffered countless loses and your empire crumbled the period of ottoman decline is measured from the 1820 's - ww1 which was singled by the greek revolution the first successful uprising against the ottomans the turks suffered countless military defeats and humiliations after the greek war of independence as the commentator said , as it seems you need me to list them all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptian%e2%80%93ottoman_war_ ( 1831 % e2 % 80 % 9333 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian%e2%80%93ottoman_war_ ( 1876 % e2 % 80 % 931878 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montenegrin%e2%80%93ottoman_war_ ( 1876 % e2 % 80 % 9378 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_war_of_independence https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-turkish_war_ ( 1877 % e2 % 80 % 931878 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italo-turkish_war https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_balkan_war, 
  it 's true, 
   he would rather nuke turkey than visit it . 
  that 's a thought but i would prefer turkey stop being the way it is, 
  if an occasional coup is needed to `` maintain democracy '' why even bother and not just be a full on military dictatorship, 
  i was just going to link that , beat me to it .
