`` anime girl spinning a leak '' sound pretty nsfw material . 
  food is pretty expensive in finland , both in restaurants and in groceries . 
  restaurants probably because of high cost of labour & materials and groceries because of the duopoly that has been ruling the markets since eternity . 
  it took lidl and over a decade long marketing to start a price war which has recently dropped some prices . 
  i wish some other big foreign company would come and shake things up . 
  as lidl only does small shops and we really need a competitor on hypermarkets . 
  if it exists , there 's a salmiakki flavored version of it . 
  it 's kinda like americans and bacon . 
  not just seaman but seaman bath towel . 
  have n't had one of those before . 
  must be pretty wicked if it needs a special towel . 
  my friend sent me a big packet with the entire postage paid with these . 
  they had put few whole sheets on the packet . 
  was fun to pick it up . 
  he is the black sheep we do n't talk about ... 
  til russian is a race . 
  then it would be just a different name for the current social welfare and be the opposite it was supposed to be . 
  obviously those with a good paying job would also get it and make it worth it to do the more demanding job . 
  but no-one has said that shit jobs are a bad thing . 
  on the contrary shit jobs are absolutely great with basic income . 
  pretty much anyone can do them , there 's no need for long education and they are often pretty menial and less stressful than high paying ones where failing to do your job can end the company . 
  i would gladly work a shit job as part-time with basic income as i woud n't need to stress about the work during my free time , which i would also have more of to do things i actually want to do . 
  the whole point of ubi is that it 's the same for everyone . 
  housing benefit depends on the amount of rent and your income from job ( s ) and income support is even much more case by case , they ca n't be baked into the basic income . 
  you need to earn about 1k + before it even starts affecting housing benefits . 
  imagine how happy i 'd be if i could get 560 $ + ~ 400 $ housing benefit + 900 $ part-time after tax ? 
  that 's nearly 1900 $ a month without any further deductions . 
  you 'd have to currently get like 2700 $ before taxes to reach the same . 
  i think the point he was getting to was that the `` shit '' jobs are not worth doing because the pay is so low that you get more by being on benefits . 
  most of those are also dead-end jobs . 
  if you can get the basic income on top that payment from these jobs without them affecting eachother it suddenly becomes profitable to do as now you get a decent living out of it without the employer having to pay any more . 
  there are other strains of salmonella too . 
  the 2 separated ones are just more important and eu is targeting them to lower the prevalence . 
  the other numbers are separated and 15.7 % is everything . 
  also just for the sake of comparison . 
  in finland less than 1 % in animals and 0 % in sold meats for years . 
  it 's been determined many times that psychology is n't an exact science . 
  there 's no way to ever be certain . 
   we all just need to have one nationality within the eu and maximum freedom to move and live/work within the eu . 
  i understand what you are going for but lots of people have problems with it since it 's one step closer to the united states of europe . 
  there 'd also be a ridiculous amount of changes that 'd have to be done to the laws of eu countries and they would have to get to a consensus of how to run things . 
  i just do n't see that happening . 
  most likely not . 
  privatisation of important infa/services has always ended up being worse and costing more to the public/government . 
  if you still do n't understand the point then i guess you are just beyond saving . 
  it could n't be made simpler . 
  why are you blaming the eu for actions done by the uk and then `` save '' yourself from the eu by completely destroying healthy limitations ? 
  i do n't think this picture has ever been as relevant as now http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/139/605/fba.jpg, 
   individual conservative politicians or the party as a whole are not gaining from any of these deals . 
  privatisation is not corruption . 
  i guarantee you , someone is always gaining money from these deals . 
  otherwise they would n't be done in the first place as they are pretty much never worth it . 
  i do n't think i have ever seen a single case of privatisation of important infra/service that went well in the end . 
  but that 's the insane thing . 
  technicly it is but no-one sane would say you are a bad person and guilty of hatecrime for not wanting to date someone because of their race . 
  the people saying we should `` evolve '' and just stop judging everyone are talking about twisted utopia . 
  next step would be to be force to have sex with anyone asking for it or you would be discriminating and judging them by their gender , race or other attribute someone gets a hissyfit about . 
  i know what phimosis is . 
   phimosis is a condition in which the foreskin of the penis can not be pulled back past the glans . 
  no-one 's foreskin can be pulled back past the glans at birth since they are fused together . 
  next you tell we are the `` baddies '' and racists if you do n't want to date foreigners . 
  i 'd argue that the cost of integration should be paid by the government , not by private owners . 
  if they want to try to integrate immigrants without jobs or education then pay that with the taxes , i 'm already paying that . 
  i 'm not gon na pay extra amount just because it happened to be my apartment they moved in . 
  i very much doubt you 'd be willing to just hand out extra payments others do n't need to just because your name was pulled from the hat . 
  now if the government was willing to pay all the possible extra costs caused by them i 'm sure landlords would line up to take them in . 
  what is a too tight foreskin at birth ? 
  i do n't want to be be offensive but that does n't even sound possible . 
  at birth the foreskin and the glans are pretty much one and same thing . 
  they are fused together and only start to separate years after . 
  medical circumcision for phimosis is done when the foreskin has fully detached and developed , usually in teens . 
  even then there are many other procedures that are preferred over circumcision as they keep the foreskin intact like preputioplasty . 
  it might make sense to just shift the summer holidays to start from the midsummer . 
  late august definitely tends to have better weather than early june . 
  the only sure way to disarm them is to shoot them . 
  life is not like martial arts movies . 
  disarming a knife in arm-to-arm combat is really rare and almost always causes severe injuries . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js0haoch4-o is a good video to showcase how hard it can be to even react to a knife attack , much less so to go and disarm them in the moment . 
  trains have always had shoddy signal no matter if it 's 2g , 3g or 4g , in the forests or in the middle of the city . 
  there must be something about the train carriage that blocks signals effectively . 
  what the ... 
  guess i 've been blinded by the situation in finland because suddenly most of the eu starts to seem like a 3rd world place . 
  humid cold does n't really exist ... 
  i wish they made a proper motorway from helsinki to oulu . 
  the roads are ok most of the time but during any holidays etc it can easily turn into a shitshow . 
  even on regular days all it takes is a few semis and several drivers scared of overtaking/slightly more traffic to make overtaking hard and then everyone drives sub 80 in a line . 
  over small trips it does n't matter but if you got ta drive 200km + it makes you want to steer into an oncoming semi . 
  finland is n't exactly a small country and loads of people drive long distances . 
  driving should be fun and pleasurable . 
  not a pain . 
  alas , i still understand why it is what it is . 
  it would be quite expensive to make and even more expensive to upkeep considering the winters and the effect they and studded snow tires have on the roads . 
  haha really ? 
  i was wondering how those prepaid cards would work and i 'm kinda surprised that they actually do work outside finland without additional fees . 
  i have a feeling it 's going to change though . 
  when people learn about this people will start selling those things abroad i do n't think the operators can handle the costs . 
  yeah is n't it the other way ? 
  whenever an act of terrorism is done in the name of islam they are always called just mentally unstable isolated cases . 
  it was an all-around ugly incident . 
  a far-left junkie provoked a far-right racist , or in other words , it was one kind of white trash against another kind of white trash .
