life expectancy ? 
  : too many . 
  is zaza patulia ( basketball player ) famous over there ? 
  i ca n't imagine they are worse than us . 
  our largest trauma center is about to go bankrupt , largely because the governor refuses to use federal money to expand medicaid per the affordable care act . 
  burger king ? 
  i admit ignorance on the details of european unemployment , please tell me which sectors are hit the hardest . 
  here most undocumented immigrants work agricultural jobs or basic contract labor . 
  they form a vital , if hidden , backbone to our economy . 
  several years ago my state enacted legislation that gave police more power in detaining and potentially deporting undocumented immigrants . 
  as a result their was a mass exodus of these workers out of the state that left thousands of agricultural jobs open . 
  even though our state has some of the highest unemployment rates in the nation , those jobs where not filled . 
  the governor proposed using prison labor to do the work , essentially returning slavery to the state . 
  because employment is not a zero-sum game . 
  workers are also consumers who spend money / pay taxes which fuels the economy and creates jobs . 
  also immigrants and native born workers tend to work different jobs and likely do n't often compete head-to-head in the job market . 
  where you where born with a german education ? 
  if you where born into many of the issues the people who migrate are you probably would n't be much better off . 
   sure , we need to comprehensively agree to keep them out . 
  migrants as a whole or just the ones coming illegally ? 
  cutting off immigration all together is a violation of the freedom of movement . 
  their can be many benefits to immigration , just look at the economic growth of the united states ; in 1789 we where an agricultural society of three million people , now we are the worlds leading economic power with a population greater than 300 million . 
  we did n't get here by having a series of mass orgies . 
   meanwhile a third of europe 's youth is unemployed that 's apart of the larger economic problems in europe and would likely be mostly unaffected by immigration , especially if you spread out the refugees . 
  are most of the youth willing to take the job that uneducated immigrants are likely to get ( farming , basic labor , ect ... ) ? 
   paid by whom ? 
  the states involved , non-profits , religious orgs ... ect . 
  treat them as refugees and use the existing refugee program infrastructure . 
   to where ? 
  why exactly would we want people who criminally entered our country as citizens again ? 
  in the united states we call this amnesty policy . 
  if you come to the country , but do n't commit violent crimes , get jobs and become productive members of us society , you are essentially forgiven for entering the country illegally . 
  it is a very divisive political issue . 
  if somebody moves to a european country , gets an education , becomes a tax-paying citizen , why not offer them citizenship ? 
   you 'd be called racist by our left for saying this . 
  racism is the act of beleiving that one race is superior or that races are genetically different ( outside of skin color ) and ca n't co-exist . 
  helping people from a poor country improve their country ( which benifits the total global economy ) is not racist . 
  if you think it is than you have the critical thinking skills of a door knob . 
   that 's certainly optimistic of you . 
  it would have been optimistic to say the same thing about south korea in 1955 . 
  but after years of savings campaigns and growth in korean owned businesses , worst korea is now one of the most economically strong country in the world . 
   i doubt the people of the united stated would be a short while after experiencing the plan first-hand . 
  the xenophobic crowed would . 
  in the end for us this would just end up being a growth in our already successful refugee program . 
  it 's been said in other threads that their needs to be a comprehensive eu refugee policy and i will reiterate it here . 
  there needs to be a way to more-evenly spread the refugee population around to where their are actually jobs that match their education-experience level . 
  such a program would ideally have a focus on education ( as i am guessing that most who immigrate this way instead of the traditional legal route are not highly educated ) and a path to citizenship for those that do well . 
  for those that do n't take the path to citizenship it would be wise to encourage refugees to return home with their education/income they accumulated while in their country of refuge in order to help improve their own country . 
  true economic growth can not be achieved in africa until income from domestic capital exceeds foreign capital , sending refugees home with a european education and money made in europe could help to achieve this . 
  i would be 100 % open to the united states taking part in such a plan to help lesson the load on eu countries . 
  i know ... 
  states have their own gas taxes which help fund state routes . 
  local roads such as city or county roads are payed for typically by the city/county 's general fund ( property , sales , taxes ... ) . 
  the city of chicago actually has it 's own gas tax to fund it 's roads , but the suburbs do n't . 
  the roads still suck for several reasons . 
  in the case of chicago and other northern cities that see a lot of snow , salt that is used to clear snow tears up the roads . 
  it is also because we have alot of roads to fix , for decades american urban development was almost solely focused on building bigger and sparser suburbs . 
  suburban governments do n't bring in as much revenue as typical denser cites but require more vehicle miles traveled and consequently they have trouble keeping up with the spread out infrastructure than goes with spread out development . 
  the problem with the american mentality is that everything , literally everything , that does n't directly benefit you is `` wasteful government spending . '', 
  people will complain about government spending on anything , which is one of the main reasons public transport is such a politically divided issue here ( luckily this is starting to change as younger americans regardless of political ideology take public transport more ) . 
  also alot of americans love to complain about the state of our infrastructure but are not willing to actually pay it . 
  this is why raising the gas tax ( which all in all only covers about half of road expenses ) is political unfeasible . 
  as for the wooden poles ; the utilities are typically privately owned so they will only spend the money to put it underground if they absolutely have to or the government helps fund it . 
  my city atlanta , for example , has wooden pole infrastructure even in the central areas of the city . 
  team up with nasa and build that massive space station from 2001 : a space odyssey . 
  many bridges are in danger of collapse . 
  the army core of engineers gave our country 's infrastructure a d . one of the main issues is that our federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993 and is currently a flat rate of 18 cents a gallon ( ~ 5 cents a liter ) . 
  this tax funds the federal highway trust fund which will become insolvent next may . 
  so no more federal money for highways unless the feds pump alot of other tax funds into it or , you know , we actually raise the gas tax . 
  unfortunately this is impossible in the current political climate . 
  `` redditor for 1 hour '' nice troll account . 
  how has asylum in argentina been all these years ? 
  although its anecdotal , my university in the united states has quite a few african immigrants , some of whom i know personally . 
  they do just as fine as anybody else . 
  and while african is poorer than other places it is n't culturally inferior , most of africa 's problems stem from political instability and internal conflicts left over from colonial borders ( think rowanda ) . 
  this being said many african nations are begening to see economic growth . 
  is there a time limit on those benefits , or stipulation that you must be looking for or have a job ? 
  thank you for the sources . 
  `` re-education '' trips sound awful . 
  could you please give me a very short summery of the last source in english ? 
  i have yet to learn danish although i would like to . 
  so you think an increase in african people over the long run would cause the same type of instability and poverty that occurs in africa to occur in europe ? 
  that completely ignores how africa got to be where it is . 
  and if it makes you feel any better african people are still a very small minority in europe and many african countries are beginning to see economic growth . 
  they are really not that different . 
  still humans . 
  i highly doubt that an increase in ethically african people in europe would create any serious paradigm shift in european culture . 
  if it makes you feel any better africans constitute 0.7 % of the german population . 
  what about the migrants children who grow up , in your specific case , living in germany , studying in german schools , speaking german , learning german history , associating with ethnic germans , and eventually getting jobs and paying german taxes . 
  are they still not german ? 
  do you really think that african economics and history is genetic ? 
  they will inherit some culture from their parents ( which is not a bad thing ) but the society they grow up in will have a strong effect on them growing up . 
  regression towards the mean ? 
  as if somehow these people and specifically their children who will grow up immersed in european culture are genetically wired to be less than europeans ? 
  demographic war ? 
  i 'm having trouble comprehending your us vs. them mentality . 
  so what do you think will happen if there is an increase in african people in europe over the long run ? 
  can i please see evidence that most african migrants to europe end up on state support ? 
  i would assume they would at first but is that the case in the long run ? 
  i am not denying your comment , i am only asking for proof .
