  also , i did n't downvote you, 
  i could talk for days about the `` black and tans '' during the irish war of independence . 
  the hatred of the english stems much more from their sanctioned atrocities ( like firing machine guns indiscriminately into crowds of people during a sports game ) than the famine . 
  one of the major two parties is seen as responsible for causing the crash in 2008 , the other is criticised for not creating a fair and equal recovery afterwards , this caused people to turn to smaller parties, 
  fun fact , the dead language changes with the translation . 
  in french , the dead language is german, 
  this has been one of the most diverse in years , so much so a stable government is unlikely to form . 
  another correction , while `` ulster '' and `` northern ireland '' are used by most people interchangeably , they are not the same thing , ni makes up * most * of ulster but several parts of it are in the republic, 
  can we not even give box office info without clickbait ? 
  can i please steal this ? 
  this is too good !, 
  not the eu 's fault that would actually think africa is better 40 years ago than today, 
  `` investment '' * noun * an investment is an asset or item that is purchased with the hope that it will generate income or will appreciate in the future . 
  *** we 're stabilizing a region of the world with the intention that it 's a net benefit to us in the future . 
  if the average joe the voter can not understand this , well too bad, 
  a long term investment to increase stability in an unstable region ? 
  how dare dem brussels eurocrat elites waste my tax money not bombing more brown people !, 
  i liked the brexit one , instantly explained the political reality ( to as much a comic can ), 
  does n't really seem to be in europe 's best interests to so quickly cave on what is literally a pillar of it 's market, 
  i do n't really understand how this is different than the various other half way houses with the eu like the eec and efta, 
  * `` meh , but not as bad as usual '' * - official motto of the european economy, 
  the celtic tiger just bought himself a new pairs of shoes boiiiiis, 
  move 10 miles up the road to northern ireland, 
   you younger generations think you know what 's best . 
  well yes , that 's kinda the whole point of social progressivism . 
  tell me , when the history books are written , when has the far-right ever been correct ? 
  i 'm not claiming the left is perfect , god no , but the course of history does n't really work in the favour of conservatives , does it ? 
  conservatives supported monarchism , feudalism , religious domination , cultural intolerance , manifest destiny , colonialism , imperialism , slavery , racism , international isolationism , protectionism . 
  conservativism fought against emancipation , woman 's suffrage , the minimum wage , worker 's rights and unionisation , the civil rights movement , lgbt rights , environmental protection and renewable energy , universal healthcare and free education , abortion . 
  the far right and nationalism created nazi germany , fascist italy and spain , imperial japan and the junta 's of south america . 
  the left had communism and socialism i 'll give you that , but even then it still was imbued with social conservatism and `` family values '' . 
  in a century , probably less , every socially conservative stance you currently stand for will be seen as dated , hate filled , and factually incorrect . 
  every economic policy will be seen as lacking basic morality and empathy for human life and well being . 
  i 'll put it another way , if your place on the political spectrum was moved to 150 years in the past , you would have supported slavery , and i 'm sure the conservatives of that era said the exact same things as you to the youth , and who ended up on the right side of history there ? 
  i find toning down my opinions a tad makes them exponentially more palatable and less controversial , therefore avoiding idiots flocking to my comment looking for a shit throwing match, 
  a photo of a teenaged british girl holding a sign that said , `` i 'm not cornwallish , i 'm british ! '' . 
  it made me so sad for cornwall , and for the girl , and for anybody in any of the collective uk counties that are so brainwashed as to lose their very national identity , just to belong to a megacorp . 
  it 's heartbreaking to think that people think that little of who they are and where they come from . 
  of who came before them and sacrificed and suffered , and built , just to have the future generations piss it all away . 
  *** sounds just as ridiculous , does n't it ? 
  tribalism is a root cause of so much hate and division in the world . 
  people were loyal to their family name , then sept , then clan , then kingdom or empire , then republic and nation state . 
  no one is asking for the destruction of sovereignty , but to speak as if your arbitrary line in the sand is * so * much more legitimate than someone else 's arbitrary line in the sand is just ignorant, 
   swallowed up by a giant new world order level megacorp . 
  christ , is this what people really see pan-europeanism as ? 
  you 're just being hysterical and borderline delusional, 
  christ these comments are way too bitter and snarky over the damn * olympics * which should foster healthy competition and co-operation, 
  surely posting more * the express * articles will convince the people !, 
  hmmm , i wonder if this german think tank may have any ulterior motive here ... 
  why is that the british flag from before the 19th century ? 
  a lot has changed , is there a 2016 version ? 
  no real need to put `` attempted '' in there , he did the joke and accent perfectly, 
  no , it really did n't, 
  the british taxpayer !!, 
  ! 1 - daily mail, 
  what !? 
  sorry but * no * , deflation is * very * bad for an economy , especially at this level . 
  with an unnatural increase in purchasing power , people wait to see if the trend will continue , which leads to less economic activity , which reduces the circular flow of income , which decreases aggregate demand , thereby creating * more * deflation , and creating what is known as a deflation spiral . 
  this is all with not even mentioning the affect it has on debt . 
  seriously , deflation * sounds * like a good thing , but i 've studied economics , and at the most basic level of education you learn deflation is bad for an economy, 
  since romania has it 's own currency , why cant it simply inject currency into the circular flow to increase inflation ? 
  it 's been nearly 50 years of being dripfed bullshit , and apparantly 52 % of the electorate has been drinking every bit of it, 
  let 's have one in london just for the laugh . 
  nothing says the eu capital has to * be * in the eu, 
  scotland leaving could cause another spike , a much larger one, 
  good thing britain left !, 
  he seems to be the eu version of farage or boris, 
  what happened in november to cause this drastic change in trend ? 
  obviously , but it 's the highest support for independence ever polled , so in the wider context this is significant, 
  guess i 'm just poor as shit, 
  looks nice , but i do n't really use 50 's so does n't really matter much, 
  new world nationalism is different , * very * different to how it is in europe . 
  just because we do n't staple our flags everywhere does n't mean we do n't identify with our nations and cultures, 
  you really do know practically nothing about european politics , do you ? 
  i repeat , there is overwhelming consensus among economists that the eu is an economic benefit to its members , and no ammount of shouting or caps lock will change that . 
  talk about `` failed project '' all you want but a splintering of the uk seems much more likely than the collapse of the eu at the moment, 
  if your going to make petty insults then fuck off , you 're obviously not interested in a proper conversation, 
  ww1 was nationalism through and through , may it be balkans , german or any other nations variety , there is no doubt there . 
  nationalism was a major part of the nazi ideology , and therefore was one of the reasons for the outbreak of ww2, 
  germany and france hold their respective seats in the european parliament , i hardly see how that 's such a terrible thing . 
  also , forcing poor ~ ~ people ~ ~ countries to pay the debts of the money they knowingly squandered , should n't the far-right love that ? 
  i rarely see such compassion in other topics . 
  greece would be better off if it did n't outright lie to enter the eu/euro . 
  practically every economist on the planet agrees the eu is a net economic benefit for it 's members . 
  the uk already took a substantial hit just ** announcing ** they 'll be leaving in the future , so i find what you say hard to believe, 
  that 's pretty much being liberal and patriotism . 
  not sure how it is the us , but patriotism and nationalism are distinctly different things , and the way the us toes the line makes a lot of us uneasy, 
  multiple european nations are welfare states , such as germany , france , and the netherlands . 
  you however speak as if protecting those in financial difficulty is something to be ashamed of . 
  the us is also a welfare state if you do n't know , as is practically every developed western nation, 
  why did you vote leave for something britain was given an opt-out of ? 
  did litetally anyone on leave read the negotiation terms ? 
  oh look , another / r/the _ donald american who think he knows what 's best for another continent . 
  just go away , far-right vitriol is n't wanted, 
  europe tried that ... twice , did n't work out, 
  based on the principle of the `` ever closer union '' the end result would probably be something like a federal europe . 
  the conception of the eu was based on intertwining the economies of france and west germany to prevent another world war and to improve their relations . 
  this idea expanded and evolved , so the * general * idea is to have all of europe connected , allied and cooperative with each other as to prevent more of the internal wars that ravaged the continent since time immemorial . 
  wars are often based in nationalism and resources , so if european cultures and economies are connected and bleed into each other , theres little reason for violence or strife . 
  a secondary reason that was n't really the original intention , but has become a reality , is that the age of single nation empires and binary superpowers are over .
