  it is very unlikely that any one nation can ever dominate the known world uncontested like the british , romans or iberians did , and so with africa , south america and asia continuing to develop economically and rapid increases in population , the only way europe can remain a relevant character on the international stage is to band together . 
  other than her handling of the migrant crisis , i 've little againts her . 
  she seems very reasonable , middle of the road , and pragmatic , and i think she 's done reasonable well leading germany and indirectly the eu given the several consecutive crisis the union has faced over the last few years, 
  its literally a pillar of the single market , and one of the four fundamental freedoms . 
  the free movement of people ( and therefore labour + services ) is not particularly special , but it 's just as important as the other three . 
  the fact that it 's the * only * one of the four freedoms that is debated , and wanted with concessions shows how there is not much of an economic argument againts it, 
  yep , i learned entrepreneurship as the fourth factor, 
  well goods and services are practically the same thing ( although you could technically distinguish between visible and invisible imports/exports ) . 
  capital and people ( more well known as labour ) are two of the four factors of production , with capital being unique as it is the only fop in which a firm can make a loss . 
  so you 're right , capital is different than the others, 
  i 'd prefer people know what the european parliament and commission are rather than turnip townshend, 
  if the eu actually tried to educate people it would immediatly be accussed of indoctrination and propoganda, 
  jean claude drunker, 
  amazing how this organisation , made to preserve the democratic governments of europe , made * on * the continent in which democracy was born , which actively promotes democracy to the rest of the world , and was slowly designed , and regularly reformed , by the entirely democratic member states , is * totally * a `` dictatorship '' , because that makes perfect sense, 
  only 34 to go now, 
  it would require near cataclysmic economic conditions for the government to get public approval to ignore the referendum . 
  england guilt tripped ireland a few months back for celebrating the 100 year anniversary of a major uprising in which british soldiers obviously died , yet they narrowly vote to leave the economic union they begged to join and suddenly it 's fucking independence day ? 
  everyone ( who is n't an idiot ) is respecting their democratic right , but we also have the democratic right to tell them in unity how terrible a decision it was, 
  uhhh , no . . ? 
  pollers and statisticians predicted that remain would win by a hairs breath , while economists said it would damage the uk economy , as it already has and will continue to do . 
  these are two entirely different fields, 
  well if the british economy continues to be damaged ( as is expected by practically all economists ) then you can be happy that it helped liberate scotland , reunify ireland , and scare the living daylights out of anyone else with the notion that leaving the eu is a good idea . 
  if anything the uk has become a great unifier of europe . 
  that 's the most consolation i can provide, 
  please , gib us investment, 
  when your house has hundreds of years of history and an identity seperate to that of england , go ahead, 
  my side ? 
  you have no idea what i believe other than what i say to you now . 
  i do not represent and entire ideology and it does n't represent me, 
  your sarcasm is worth nothing . 
  economists said this would happen , and now it happens . 
  they said there will be long term damage , and that is what will happen . 
  when you 've figured out a way to discredit an entire field of science , enjoy your nobel prize, 
  celtic tiger 2.0 boiiiiis, 
  we need to compile a large list as the days continue of all the economic damage done by this foolish move, 
  lol , the lisbon treaty , it 's a fantastic litmus test for people who do n't understand how things work . 
  we narrowly voted againts it , the eu gave better terms , and we then voted for it . 
  oh the horror !, 
  i can not believe in the modern day , after this continent still holds the scars of * two * global conflicts caused by [ nationalism ] ( http://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-patriotism-is-when-love-of-your-own-people-comes-first-nationalism-when-hate-for-people-charles-de-gaulle-10-76-22.jpg ) that people try and revive it from the ashes of history where it belongs . 
  a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  going to the alt-right to fight islamic extermism is dealing with the devil to get rid of demons, 
  ah yes , the alt-right , when the far-right gets fed up of pretending that racism and nationalism are n't the core of their beliefs, 
  you 've really been drinking the nationalist koolaid , have n't you ? 
  yes how dare those evil eurocrats in brussels make us follow regulations that were voted upon democratically in a union we agreed to join . 
  not to mention all those damn ~ ~ scrary brown pe ~ ~ immigrants coming over here , how dare they seek a better life . 
  how dare those poles and ukranians do the jobs we do n't want . 
  go back to the middle ages where your world views belong, 
  yeah , i too hate co-operation and peace in europe , things were so much better when we were all at each others throats . 
  globalisation is also terrible , like who would want products from other parts of the world ? 
  you 'd be bananas for wanting that, 
  breaking : far right leader wants out of eu more at 11, 
  practically every economist predicted both short and long term economic damage , sure this panic will ease eventually , but smooth sailing is a long , * long * way away . 
  also , calling people names is very mean , your mother should have taught you better, 
  lol , even when the economic damage is literally happening right now leave refuses admit it, 
  i hate cameron but holy fuck everything is going to shit, 
  if you actually read both articles , you 'd know this was a process started months ago , but due to the stretched out nature of the swiss pariliament meeting , it 's only passing the second house now . 
  i think i 've had fever dreams like this before, 
  damn , swiss democracy is slow , or fast , i do n't really have context ... 
  here 's a thread of them starting the actions 3 months ago , long before brexit became the # 1 topic of europe https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/48fyvc/switzerland_to_withdraw_request_to_join_the_eu/, 
  for those that have n't read the article , this is the swiss parliament just officially withdrawing an application from 1992 that was already invalid . 
  it 's just a paperwork clarification , not a political statement based on current events, 
  except a trump presidency , no one deserves that, 
  yet it 's * remain * that people say is based on fearmongering ? 
  yes , because have overwhelming consensus from the economic and scientific communities in favour of remain is just `` saying how all the important people are on their side '' . 
  is that meant to be an insult ? 
  is admitting that the experts are on the side of remain meant to somehow weaken their arguments . 
  meanwhile recent analysis has shown that public misinformation is heavily skewed in brexit 's favour , with people highly overestimating uk funding to the eu , the ammount of eu immigrants in the uk , etc. . 
  are you advocating protectionism , isolationism and nationalism as a replacement ? 
  globalisation for all it 's ( i will admit * many * ) flaws is still a net benefit to society as a whole . 
  the alternative is accepting less goods and services , at a lower quality , at a higher price , available at fewer times, 
  this seems to be the year of terrible political choices getting too far because everyone thought it was a joke, 
   pretty homogeneous monocultural societies ok i have to ask , what 's americans obsession with the `` homogeneity '' of europe ? 
  any time europe ranks better than the us in something this phrase appears like clockwork , and not to insinuate but it just seems like saying `` europe is mostly white so everything is better '', 
  watching the anti-corruption forces do their magic in romania has been incredibly satisfying to watch . 
  i wish they could isolate whatever has made it such a success and implement it in other countries, 
  oh god the circletool, 
  america is vulnerable , time to invade, 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm missing the sarcasm or ... 
  this is ripe anti-intellectualism right here, 
  and that 's why the range that is considered good and bad in the us is much different than the rest of western society . 
  obama 's 55 % is very good in the us as it means he has the distinct approval of people on the right , while trumps 37 % shows he does n't even have much support outside the party base, 
   one has to wonder if his ratings are based on actual data approval ratings have existed for decades , their individual methodology is often free to view . 
  calling into question basic statistics with accusations like this  is it a poll from their news site with a loaded question ? 
  are they basing it off of his retweets ? 
  just seems partisan above all else , and at worst attempting to delegitamize the institutions of information, 
  obama also won decisively twice and only in the last year has moved from mean disapproval to approval . 
  approval ratings are entirely different to votes , many vote for a candidate due to a greater dislike for the opposition , and post victory approval ratings are generally the highest they ever get, 
  that 's 60 million americans out of a country of 320 million , and a voting base of 137 million this year . 
  raw number mean little in this context, 
   he works hard at having a good public image he 's currently the most disliked politician in us history with his approval/disapproval ratings , so that plan seems somewhat lackluster . 
  i see him as nothing more than a narcissist , he cares about himself only . 
   i would n't consider trump to be on the right please expand, 
  [ this thread ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/lorries-queue-to-collect-salt-at-the-british-salt-factory-in-on-8-picture-id95639471 ), 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted .
