  you may be confusing the holy roman empire with the roman empire , which are entirely different political entities, 
  seems very similar to what happened in the weimar republic . 
  consecutive short-lived governments leading to people increasingly craving authoritarianism, 
  ooooh , that would explain it i guess ... 
  what was the situation with salazar ? 
  was he just a good prime minister who kept getting re-elected , or was there some other reason ? 
  lol wtf you talking about . 
  obama enjoys a high approval rating of his time as president , so stop being silly trying to twist words, 
  lol , the vast majority of actual americans would disagree with you, 
  they 'll suffer , blame it on the gays , obama and abortion , then vote trump2020 without a moment of hesitation, 
  remarkably accurate, 
  yep , reddit has jump a tad too far into the `` marijuana has no negative effects , is not addictive and cures cancer '' idea . 
  it 's still a drug that is smoked . 
  just because it 's not as bad as nicotine and tobacco does n't make it good, 
  that terrorism one does n't even have any joke or statement , it 's just `` terrorist attacks have happened '', 
  i think it dangerous to attach hitler and his ideals to satan . 
  hitler was undeniably evil in many , many regards , but to ascend his views to something actually demonic in nature absolves him and them of the uncomfortable reality that they are remarkable * human * ideals , that of fear and hatred of that which is different to us , and a desire to annihilate them . 
  we have to remember that such evil can form in any person , and not just in that which is demonic . 
  the uneducated rural communities are letting this happen . 
  the turks we 'd speak to here are highly likely to oppose erdogan, 
  to any turks reading this , sorry your country is a dictatorship now , you had a good run . 
  the carolingian empire . . ? 
  jesus even for european history that 's an old reference ... 
  to those thinking `` what !? 
  x % of people in my country are obese ? 
  i rarely ever see obese people ! '', 
  remember that [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/obesity_%26_bmi.png ) is the medical definition of obese , which people nowadays would just call `` overweight '' or `` fat '' at worst . 
  our standards have deteriorated so severely we think you have to be a borderline human blimp to be considered obese, 
  i know where in a thread about the horrific deterioration of global health but damn that looks so bad it 's good, 
  that 's ... a really simplistic way of looking at things . 
  sanders has described himself as socialist , and is a populist , with certain protectionist elements . 
  macron is a centrist , with strong neoliberal policies and is pro-globalisation . 
  they 're * very * different and would probably disagree on a lot of core issues, 
  macron seems to be entirely rearranging to political environment of france and it looks to be working, 
  lol what the fuck do you expect the eu to do in this situation ? 
  or do you just want to be edgy ? 
  that 's probably the best way to explain it, 
  trump really is an aberration of the whole thing . 
  there 's also the constantly overlying asterisks of losing the popular vote . 
  it was the us 's questionable voting that allowed him to win . 
  not sure how i feel about this . 
  he 's done ... ok , could have been worse , but i also find it difficult to list any major accomplishment . 
  he 's lukewarm made flesh, 
  all of them get pretty evenly shit on by the same people , so it makes a degree of sense, 
  if there 's one thing the far-right is good at it 's getting veeery close to power , squandering it , then shattering into various splinters all vying for power , annihilating any chance of getting into government, 
  this video is from october 2015 , and i can not find any news of this project anywhere else recently, 
  legit not sure if satire because of the world we live in now, 
  that 's a remarkable ability you have there to twist everything into cynicism . 
  given the last few years average is a big improvement, 
  yeah macron we should have gotten off his ass then, 
  soundbites have worked wonders the past 18 months of so , lets allow the eu to give it a try, 
  it may not be subtle but it seems to be working, 
  question | answer -- | -- where are you from ? 
  | republic of ireland what languages can you speak fluently ? 
  | english what is your usual timezone ? 
  | irish standard time ( utc +1 ) have you had previous experience as a mod inside or outside of reddit ? 
  | yes , i 'm currently a moderator on / r/polandball and it 's satellite subreddits ( / r/polandballart , / r/stateball , / r/planetball ) . 
  i have further experience with online roleplay games involving 20 + players , in which i regularly had to individually pm each user to make sure turns and roleplay were submitted on time . 
  i also was an admin for a political cartoon page on facebook for about a year or so . 
  what do you like the most about / r/europe ? 
  | i enjoy the interaction with other cultures and people . 
  before joining i assumed i knew a lot about europe , but if you asked me to name a single thing about croatia for example , i could n't . 
  ireland is a very insular nation and viewing the world through dozens of different lenses is a breath of fresh air . 
  do you believe in working as a team or mostly working alone ? 
  | i consider both aspects to be equally important . 
  simple busy work like approval of posts , general comment section cleaning , etc , is best done by oneself ; but handling large controversies , deciding new policies/directions for the subreddit , etc , is something that requies mod co-ordination and teamwork . 
  in general , how would you evaluate / r/europe 's rules ? 
  | i believe they strike a good balance between high quality content/fun content , and that of civility/freedom of speach . 
  of course there 'll never be a situation were the entire userbase is happy , but that 's just part of the job . 
  given the difficult task , i think a good job has been done . 
  what change would you make in / r/europe if you could ? 
  | frankly there 's not much i see wrong with the subreddit that is in need of changing . 
  i would personally like more `` events '' . 
  i find the weekly threads on national events of what people know of a country fascinating , and would like to increase things like ama 's . 
  why do you want to join / r/europe 's mod team ? 
  | i want to become a mod of / r/europe because i think i can help improve a community i enjoy being a part of very much . 
  i have experience with a community who 's demographics are very similar ( diverse spectrum of europeans , non-american majority ) and i like to think i could bring this experince to the table , to better the subreddit . 
  do you think politically neutral moderation is achievable and/or desirable ? 
  | i do n't think it 's possible to be entirely neutral on anything really , but people with a serious dedication can get within close proximity to it . 
  there 's nothing wrong with mods having opinions , they 're not soulless automatons , but since a subreddit like / r/europe houses a wide spectrum of people , so to does it house a wide spectrum of viewpoints , and mods should try to promote this diversity of ideas through balanced moderation . 
  without that , content and comments become stagnant . 
  all of this of course comes with the caveat towards uncivil and hate filled discussion , in which i know that no matter what you do , people will complain and censorship , so best to just do what you feel is right confidently , and hope it was the right choice . 
  you say on one of the largest news , social media , and link aggregation websites out there . . ? 
  rather not see them fall into the degeneracy of rage comics . 
  this comic is fundamentally ugly . 
  if you do n't follow the styles of polandball , just make it a political cartoon , do n't break all the rules of a specific format , and then call it said format, 
  pierce did n't die for people to own more than 2 televisions, 
  do n't forget the fulcrum of all high society in ireland , a panini maker, 
  celtic phoenix is out of the ashes baby , now lets blow it all on yokes and spanish summer homes until the next crash, 
  you 're objectively wrong, 
  - hands - reaslistic eyes - mimic wrinkles - mouths - anime eyes - lack of engrish - reference to human individuals please fix and resubmit, 
  what was travelling through these like pre-schengen ? 
  was there any open borders policy between belgium and the netherlands ? 
  depends how delusional corbyn is . 
  despite losing several hundred seats in the local elections , and the conservatives gaining hundreds , he talked about how they were `` closing the gap '' . 
  the election * needs * to be cataclysmic for labour so corbyn gets kicked out, 
  the russians certainly have a tried and tested way of trying to subvert a campaign, 
  not yet it is n't, 
   because the eu eventually wants political union part of the negotiations was britain 's * explicit * right to never join such an increased level of integration . 
  you were covered .
