i ca n't help but burst out laughing how it has n't even been two weeks and germany is already regretting it 's decision, 
  i really expected the eu to be on its best behaviour once the referendum was announced , but now germany wants everyone to take in migrants and refugees at a completely unsustainable rate . 
  if this trend continues we 'll have a fractured europe and economics trying to support millions of migrants and refugees that it simply ca n't handle . 
  all because of one very sad photo, 
  why * hello * there , whats * your * name ? 
  buying all those matching suits , wedding cakes , ice sculptures and hotels is bound to help the economy, 
  this is ... unnerving , europe will * need * further unity if we are to remain relevant and safe in the coming years, 
  this solves nothing, 
  my country is at 9.7 % and we 're already popping out the champagne , how is this bad ? 
  for those wondering why a country famous for its green , rural atmosphere has such a low percentage , the british chopped most of it down for their armada, 
  dos n't literally * every * other political party say they 'll overturn the law if they get in power in the next election ? 
  nothing like draconianism and authoritarianism to promote bi-partisan cooperation, 
  funny given that our national colour is blue, 
  matthews coach is your best option, 
  ohhh , fancy !, 
  are we pretty much the only european country with our native language being a minority language ? 
  it 's good to have ambition !, 
  do you mean [ darver castle ] ( http://www.darvercastle.ie/ ) ? 
  that 's a decent bit south-east of dundalk . 
  if you can describe it better i can help ya more, 
  ireland actually had an incredibly successful cultural and linguistic revival !, 
  about a century ago ... events such as the great famine , the plantations and general cultural repression by the british diluted our culture to a shadow of its former self . 
  in the early 20th century there where many successful attempts to revive irish language , irish sport and irish theatre . 
  the current decline of the language is the * second * time it 's happened and this time only the government really cares . 
  the language is not intuitive at all and is taught badly , it has barely any practical application and most people never speak it after school . 
  i live in dundalk !, 
  wa n't to know anything about the area ? 
  `` would n't be long gettin froshbite out there '', 
  not to mention videos `` going viral '' with less than a million views, 
  breaking news : poland follows common sence policy that no one can really critisize , more at 11 !, 
  i do n't understand why this issue continues to be ignored by major politicians , it 's infuriating, 
  greece might actually be europe 's saving grace , if we let russia annex you then their economy will collapse , destroying europes only real military threat, 
  well ... at least we seem to have reached the peak and are in a downward trend now , that 's got ta count for something, 
  this is ... unnerving, 
  i fear if this issue is n't resolved soon enough that people will become frustrated and politics will continue to swing to the right futher, 
  [ source ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp-annual-growth-rate ), 
  sorry , it 's a big issue in my country so i 'm in a bit of an echo chamber as to it being well known, 
  a new party of competent , well liked , left leaning politicians in ireland 's stagnant , centre-right political environment is a * very * good thing in my books, 
  this has been a pretty good year for ireland , gay marriage , transgender recognition , possibility of 8th amendment repeal , creation of the social democrats , economy is still a bit shite but we 're past the worst . 
  not a bad year at all and it 's only july, 
  yay !, 
  the proposal was rejected !, 
  i get that warm fuzzy feeling about good things happening in a topic i did n't even know existed 24 hours ago, 
  at this stage greece would need chemotherapy, 
  i find it bizarre that i have never heard of this until now, 
  im shocked that most of europe is unaware of this , our country was being clenched by it 's nuts by the church for centuries , what do you expect ? 
  what an eejit , just to clarify to anyone listening , he does not hold the common opinion of irish folk regarding the eu , not anywhere close, 
  equatorial germany had me in stitches, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uti2niw2bra ) is a pretty good video to explain it , basically if a method of extracting a fossil fuels leads to water bursting into flames , i would n't be fond of it, 
  the ttip seems to be changing that ... 
  since when did people 's lives get in the way of money ? 
  if you actually read the artical , no one has been convicted of it in 103 years , it 's a relic law, 
  oh no , what * ever * will we do without wexford and waterford ... 
  love how the rest of them were because of dictators or assassination while we just bloody threw them away, 
  has n't the us traditionally had lower food stadards than the eu ? 
  harmonisation would only work in our favour if it was pulling the us up to our standards, 
  how would the lowering of regulations increase quality ? 
  people will probably complain more , regardless of how good or bad things are, 
  wilhelm ii also had a shorter arm due to birth complications , and goebels had an odd leg if i remember correctly . 
  i 'm beginning to notice a pattern ... 
  are you saying stalin looked different than nearly every picture portrays him as ? 
  but to be fair , ireland is losing its devotion to catholicism at an exponential rate , it 's becoming more of cultural backround noise rather than direct devotion, 
  only thing i dislike is the new snoo , the one with the white stars was * really * nice in my opinion . 
  the wallpaper heading is a great choice , it 's better to promote the individual culture and history of european nations , rather than the modern but bland feel of eu architecture the old design had, 
  well ... 
  it gets the modern yet bland aesthetic of eu architecture just perfect . 
  usa would be to an official anglosphere as the uk is to the eu, 
  you do know nearly all of europe is getting dangerously close to * deflation * ? 
  even then , inflation had little to do with the 2008 crash, 
  that 's why i like the statements the socdems are making , `` we wo n't decrease taxes , but we 'll lower the cost of living '', 
  oh , it 's you , feck off you troll . 
  and for those wondering , here 's a comment from this guy !, 
  `` it only barely survives as a state because britain gave them the foundation and infrastructure necessary to do so . 
  english language , laws and culture replaced the chaotic gaelic mess of old . 
  but even with everything needed to function as a state given to them on a silver platter , they still managed to mess it up . 
  the only reason the irish statelet did n't fail entirely during the financial meltdown was because of the $ 100 billion in bailouts from eu/ecb/imf . 
  that 's a huge amount of money for such a small , insignificant state not much larger than wales in population . 
  one other thing keeping the whole statelet from complete failure is the extremely corrupt tax system , which allows us corporations to avoid paying billions in tax . 
  well educated workforce ? 
  yes , but from mainland britain and the rest of europe . 
  majority of people working for the us corporations of from around the eu , not ireland . 
  it acts as a rogue state of the eu with a highly corrupt tax regime and it 's high time the uk/eu stepped in and put a stop to it . 
  it 's like an out of control toddler that needs to be put on the naughty step where it belongs and let the adults take over . '', 
  we 're a mad bunch of lads when it comes to driving , that 's why were have those incredibly graphic and horrible tv adds about safe driving, 
  ireland was hit devastatingly hard by the 2008 collapse , more than most developed countries . 
  ireland 's years of rapid growth , known as the `` celtic tiger '' years was fueled by a boom in the construction/housing industry , since the first domino to fall was the american housing market , we where royally fucked, 
  i 'm just worried how we 're going to screw it up again, 
  [ ireland - united kingdom ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/the_border_on_killeen_school_road_-_geograph.org.uk_-_446719.jpg ), 
  the eu pumps development and infastructure funds into the north like there 's no tommorrow . 
  a loss of eu funding ( which i doubt the tory government will pick up 100 % of the tab on ) in addition to scotland leaving , will at the very least put the question in the air more than usual . 
  can we even afford silver at this point ? 
  you seem somewhat defensive, 
  i can not comment as i do n't know enough about it, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm sorry you had to put up with them eejits . 
  i want to assure you the majority of irish do n't give two fucks about the past on any personal level like you experienced . 
  99 % of the time any heckling will be harmless banter . 
  those that actually hold a real grudge against the english are a tiny minority, 
  idiot nationalists who ca n't forget the past, 
  i do n't hate the english , those were the sins of the past .
