  the man is a complete novice . 
  he 's literally learning about foreign policy as we speak . 
  but the key thing is he does seem to be capable of learning . 
  he backed off torture because of mattis , he demanded crimea be returned to ukraine and he literally just told the israelis to hold off on more settlements . 
  i would argue that the us is still a reliable ally unless we start to see concrete policy changes . 
  the point is that the us pays a disproportionate amount into nato . 
  if germany spends 27 billion more , we can spend 27 billion less or on something else . 
  thats all . 
  i mean does n't it make more sense for natos european countries to defend europe instead of shipping all our shit over there ? 
  surely the reason said countries entered those alliances in the first place was that it was in the national interest ? 
  or else what ? 
  for shits and giggles ? 
  and ca n't i just argue that a nation entering a war because of close cultural ties is doing so because its in their national interest ? 
  clearly, 
  haha fair enough . 
  and i think the average american would say the same, 
  germany should be free to pursue whatever it wishes . 
  but i do n't think that the reason its not doing those things now is because of us nato spending . 
  haha . 
  do n't like the term or do n't like it being applied to you ? 
  wow i see you put a lot of thought into that . 
  thanks . 
  no nation in the world would be so restrained , particularly a democracy . 
  i agree with you of course but that simply was n't a realistic possibility . 
  really ? 
  germany , the new ` leader of the free world ' and champion of human rights will jump in bed with russia and china because we decided to be less involved in nato ? 
  come on , not in my lifetime . 
  better to do nothing then . 
  no one in the history of the world has ever been a reliable ally based on this definition . 
  what trump tweets and what his administration does are two things that do n't always line up . 
  wish it was n't so but thats just how it is . 
  while he may tweet whatever , trumps administration has 100 % backed japan and south korea our 2 most import pacific allies . 
  mattis also explicitly stated that we will honor our commitments to nato . 
  europes feelings might be hurt but nothing has fundamentally changed other than a more forceful demand for spending . 
  i do n't expect them to like it , i expect them to get the message . 
  i mean come on , its not like its an unreasonable request . 
  if they choose to ignore what we are saying then thats fine . 
  but we will adjust ourselves accordingly . 
  and i think you 're reading into this more than is really there . 
  i do n't see the disrespect , only our position stated bluntly . 
  and thus far not much of a response ... which is why i do n't see a problem doing this in public, 
  what response would you have preferred ? 
  except the mafia actually knows what the fuck they 're doing, 
  mattis does n't seem like the type that would let that happen . 
  but if he were to resign then we 're in some serious shit . 
  regardless , europe should seriously prepare for us departure, 
  possibly . 
  but his rhetoric throughout the campaign has been about getting nato members to pay their fair share . 
  estonia is one of the few who does, 
  right . 
  but i dont think thats what hes referring to . 
  if russia invades nato eastern europe canada will be among the least screwed of the nato members . 
  i mean this is basically ww3 we 're talking about here , everyone would be screwed . 
  but canada doesnt have anything more to fear than all the other nato members . 
  and there are what 400ish canadian soldiers in the baltics ? 
  i mean im sorry but losing even a thousand soldiers as sad as that would be would not mean canada is screwed . 
  i understand the concern but right now there is no reason to get so sensational about a hypothetical like this ... 
  inevitable !? 
  relax ... how in the world do you see a scenario like that even unfolding ? 
  you 'll be fine . 
  what is this ongoing situation you are afraid of ? 
  ah , thats a little better i guess . 
  did n't read the article close enough, 
  other folks have already said this but these drones are only effective against a certain type of enemy . 
  like taliban , not freaking russia . 
  i mostly blame us politicians for selling the ukranians a bill of goods but ukraine should have really known better given the enemy they 're fighting, 
  they will probably say that the evidence was n't there . 
  but if they felt strongly enough to monitor him for a time , why not simply detain him for being an illegal immigrant ? 
  i mean jeez he did time for armed robbery ... why risk it ? 
  thanks , this is a good article . 
  the fact that the necessary papers came today make this even more frustrating . 
  i hope tunisia catches some serious shit for this . 
  but what i do n't understand is that the germans knew he was n't a syrian refugee and yet he was allowed to move around the country freely . 
  detention camps are a tough topic , probably even more so for germany but they seem very necessary . 
  forgive my ignorance but if he was rejected asylum why is bbc reporting he had a residence permit ... 
  to secure ourselves ? 
  hows that ? 
  how did we break the deal ? 
  huh , we spent a ridiculous amount of time on ww2 . 
  im on the west coast so thats probably why the emphasis on the pacific, 
  i dont agree with the reasons you put foward but by all means , go for it . 
  a strong independent europe is a good thing for the us . 
  but inevitably i think you 'll find the us is a natural ally not an ally based solely on historical circumstance, 
  it seems many of russia 's ` goals ' these days seem to be located in other countries ... 
  its so hard to believe because he said he hates every hollywood ww2 movie . 
  hollywood puts out a lot of shit but it also puts out some really really good films . 
  its really not that big of a deal , to each his own . 
  dude what do you expect , the comics are american, 
  schindler 's list , letters from iwo jima , great escape , flags of our fathers , bridge on the river kwai , tora tora tora , imitation game , dunkirk ? , band of brothers ( maybe doesnt count ) ... there are absolute tons of ww2 ones its easy to drown in the really bad ones . 
  im sorry to hear you dont like any of them but yeah i mean american films will be american centric ... sorry, 
  where did you go to school ? 
  we did some china and lots of japan . 
  haha fucking really ? 
  you hate every movie hollywood had made about ww2 ? 
  is the pacific war not taught much over there ? 
  would n't be such an issue if russia and its current borders did n't keep expanding into other countries ... 
  c'mon ... give it a rest, 
  not common but some places do that . 
  chicago does i 'm pretty sure, 
  good job guys !,
