  i visited poland with my family just last summer . 
  very impressed , what we saw was wonderful . 
  love to go back some day . 
  there are rude people everywhere but unfortunately they tend to stand out . 
  dont let it get to you , 
  and now they can use it for target practice and no one will get hurt !, 
  so many features !, 
  seems to have been just a rumor . 
  at least so far, 
  how so ? 
  i have nothing to base this off but i doubt much of that wealth is going to find its way back to russia . 
  might as well not exist from average russian pov, 
  or what manufacturing there is is mostly big stuff like tractors and planes . 
  average person not likely to see the label on that stuff, 
  what state are you from ? 
  i 'm surprised canada did n't make your list, 
  what did we do this time ? 
  hopefully someone with more knowledge can chime in but the vast majority of local news stations are either owned directly by the big guys or affiliated with them in some way . 
  my impression is the affiliated ones are pretty independent but i just do n't know the degree of leverage the large corporations have over them . 
  thats just tv though, 
  wow this is really cool !, 
  i would love to see a detailed one for the us . 
  but i have a feeling it would be very frightening, 
  wife probably , not nanny, 
  lol those old youth are the ones you really got watch out for, 
  i 'm a little suspicious too but then again a lot of states still throw you in jail . 
  worth noting that after legalization colorado is actually reporting less underage use . 
  not sure how accurate that is though ... 
  some areas of the us still teach kids that weed will make you a murderous thug . 
  others have pot shops like every few blocks . 
  would love to see a state by state breakdown from the same source, 
  well ... hell yeah !, 
  no disrespect to the dead airman but that 'd be cool as shit . 
  kid will never stop telling that story and rightfully so !, 
  wow this is like every boy 's dream . 
  so cool !, 
  click the little flag icons in the top right, 
  bullshit article from a bullshit site, 
  i do n't think i did though . 
  i said we can spend less money or spend it on something else . 
  and on your first point we will just have to agree to disagree . 
  i have a fundamentally different view on nato . 
  if you do n't think it is first and foremost a defensive alliance then you should most likely be arguing for the dissolution of nato , which is fine . 
  well i was under the impression that germany started the war but i get your point . 
  france and britain declared war on germany because germany invaded poland right ? 
  they did so because they were allied to poland . 
  it was in the national interest because alliances are built on trust . 
  if a country ca n't have a reasonable expectation that an allied nation will uphold its commitments then all other agreements must also be questioned because there is no more trust . 
  it was also in the national interest because both france and britain had a political and economic interest in checking german power on the continent . 
  and if i am not mistaken this is a main reason the alliances with the czechs and poland developed after ww1 . 
  if you see nato as the us overlord with 20 + subservient nations then your point is valid . 
  i see nato as a collection of countries each with an equal duty to defending each nation in nato . 
  germany has as much a duty to say estonia as the us does . 
  it is not our responsibility to solely ` sustain ' anyone . 
  it is a collective duty . 
  if germany does not wish to support its eastern allies then that is fine , but in that case germany should remove itself from nato . 
  and i 'm sorry i do n't understand your first point . 
  i know how ww2 started . 
  what is your point exactly ? 
  yeah , but upholding the monarchs ' honor was in the national interest . 
  not doing so would hurt the nations credibility and standing in the world . 
  haha !, 
  we are a christian nation only when it suits us . 
  and i 'm not sure if you saw my other comments but i would have preferred a different response . 
  the problem is what you are suggesting would have been literally impossible . 
  the whole country was calling for blood and i am thankful that we did n't drop the bomb on afghanistan . 
  what you are suggesting would have required not only the president to resist overwhelming public opinion but congress would have had to as well . 
  i just do n't think it would have been possible . 
  i really do n't think we are in much disagreement . 
  i gave a simplistic answer to what i thought was a simple question but perhaps i shouldnt have . 
  i am well aware that much of us european presence has nothing to do with europe . 
  my point is simply that the last us armored units left europe a few years ago and should n't have had to come back in any form . 
  germany and france alone could probably deal with russian posturing effectively . 
  why did the baltics and poland need to request us troops when ukraine started ? 
  surely the european allies who are in the same neighborhood would have made more sense . 
  i can only come up with 2 answers to that question . 
  one is that europe did not have the means ( defense budget ) , the other is that they did not have the will . 
  the reason i wish to see a higher european nato defense budget ( regardless of dollar amount ) , is that i think it was primarily the former . 
  of course i am not involved in these discussions so my conclusion may be wrong . 
  but if i am wrong and the problem is that europe does n't want to defend its eastern flank , we have much bigger problems . 
  yes , i think we basically agree . 
  that is a good way to put it . 
  believe me i have my concerns too , he is an embarrassing president . 
  i just think its a little early to say the world order as we know it is crumbling around us . 
  thanks for the condescension , much appreciated . 
  i suppose i 'm too much of a dummy to understand what you 're saying because it makes no sense to me . 
  we are paying for us troops being deployed to europe . 
  we are paying out of our defense budget . 
  we have many troops in europe , many would be there regardless of a russian threat but many would not . 
  the troops in poland , the baltics , romania and bulgaria are there on nato missions to protect europe from russia . 
  it is in our national interest to deploy these troops to protect europe . 
  it is not charity . 
  but guess what ? 
  it is also in our interest to have europe defend europe as much as possible . 
  please explain my naivety to me again . 
  but those were just tweets . 
  i know one , possibly both were during the campaign . 
  he just spews shit that sounds good to him at the time . 
  i mean if you go through his twitter he directly contradicts himself on many occasions . 
  look at what is actually happening .
