unfortunately many russians do ... 
  my history may be a little shaky but i think its pretty clear that through much of his reign nicholas was petrified for his son 's health and it heavily impacted the way he acted . 
  he was told many times that his son would die from hemophilia but rasputin found a way to bring him back every time . 
  i think nicholas may have been one of the better tsars but he was crippled every time his son got sick . 
  its a sad story all around, 
  believe that if you want , i ca n't argue when there are no facts . 
  i 'll say this though , do n't underestimate the stupidity of our leaders . 
  fucking shit up is how they roll , home and abroad . 
  sometimes shit does n't go as planned because the planners are idiots , simple as that . 
  like the esteemed former senator pryor said , `` you dont need to pass an iq test to be in the senate . '', 
  sorry , i read the article , but where specifically does it say that ? 
  i need a quote because i read it and i did n't reach the same conclusion, 
  for what purpose ? 
  seeing as us foreign policy after the cold war has been about preserving trade and stability , i have a hard time believing that we secretly want chaos ... 
  maybe we should take more , but just because we have n't taken huge numbers of refugees does n't exactly mean we are looking the other direction . 
  if i recall , the us has already provided around 4 billion dollars for syrian aid . 
  many of the camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan are being propped up by us dollars . 
  i would n't say thats being uninvolved, 
  more like accidentally . 
  i do n't think our goal is chaos in the middle east ... 
  what exactly does the document say that is so damning ? 
  i attribute that to incompetence rather than the alternative . 
  but fine , you can believe the conspiracy shit . 
  i would n't exactly call that support though ... 
  it wo n't , you 're right . 
  but if i were estonian i would n't put all my hopes with nato . 
  its not inconceivable that the alliance will falter when the time comes . 
  in that case , i 'd like an army . 
  no matter how small, 
  kicking them out of the security council does n't mean everyone will stop trading with them . 
  even if somehow that happens , that would be backing the bear into a corner . 
  they have to either make nice or fight . 
  honestly , with the way russia looks right now you ca n't count on them to make the rational decision, 
  but is kicking them out the answer ? 
  i ca n't imagine the field day the russian media would have . 
  this tells them that the world does not value their opinion . 
  i doubt it will make them reconsider their ways , only become more isolated and dangerous, 
  funny how they place the blame squarely at the feet of us/saudi , not mentioning the half dozen other countries who 've fueled the war . 
  but then its alex jones so i really should n't give a shit, 
  thats what everybody said before ww1 . 
  and before ww2 . 
  its still very much a possibility . 
  all solid points . 
  but in the case of a conflict , american troops * will * be there . 
  my friends and family are going to be asked to die for a country i have no connection to whatsoever . 
  i 'd simply prefer that these countries take their own defense seriously and spend the * minimum * nato recommends . 
  i do n't think thats an entirely unreasonable expectation . 
  sure , but if i were swedish i would feel pretty safe without nato . 
  sweden has assurances from the eu as well as their scandinavian neighbors . 
  i would argue that alone is enough to protect them . 
  joining nato will really piss off russia and sweden has gone to great lengths in the past to not piss off russia . 
  if i were swedish i would not want to increase defense spending or join nato simply because i already think the country is secure . 
  i just do n't think russia would be so stupid . 
  and as an american , i do n't want them in nato unless they spend more on defense . 
  as i said , afghanistan is no paradise . 
  it has a shaky , corrupt government as well as organized , militant opposition . 
  but you said nothing was achieved . 
  do you really believe that the current government is no better than the fucking taliban ? 
  look at what afghanistan was like before the invasion . 
  it was a god damn nightmare state . 
  without the invasion , al-qaeda would be thriving under a taliban government and osama would be doing just fine . 
  but i 'm sure he would 've abandoned his murderous ways if we had just had a heart to heart with him . 
  your solution to the problem is delusional . 
  edit : what aspects of foreign policy do you believe led to 9/11 ? 
  i 'm not saying there are n't any , but what do you have in mind specifically ? 
  heroin was never the mission . 
  osama is dead . 
  al-qaeda is crushed . 
  the taliban are no longer in power and there is a democratic government in place . 
  i 'm not delusional , afghanistan is no paradise but that is not nothing . 
  pray tell me , what should the us have done in the wake of 9/11 ? 
  ignore that it even happened ? 
  so basically a quick russian u-turn caught everyone off guard . 
  and swedes would sooner have someone else defend them than increase their own spending . 
  seems sensible . 
  i do n't necessarily like it , but its sensible . 
  no they do not . 
  go ahead , tell me why afghanistan was wrong . 
  haha good point, 
  what exactly was so crazy about our response ? 
  we didnt use the nukes ... 
  we already do in a roundabout way . 
  no one joins without the us giving the ok . its just our leaders do n't really care if these countries will contribute anything of value of not . 
  you make some good points . 
  but if sweden managed to not get invaded during the peak cold war years , why should there be any more concern now ? 
  what has changed exactly ? 
  im genuinely asking because i have no clue what swedes think about anything . 
  absolutely , it would be pretty great for you guys !, 
  well , its hard to imagine a scenario where american refugees are fleeing to the middle east . 
  for that reason , i do n't think the usa is relevant here . 
  edit : also fyi , europe took the lead in libya, 
  i think everyone knows the answer . 
  but why does it matter ? 
  i do n't think its racist to say that most countries in the middle east are shit . 
  europe is different and should act accordingly . 
  germany is showing a great deal of compassion at great cost to themselves . 
  i think they should be applauded . 
  then again i 'm american , so my opinion does n't really matter haha, 
  interesting read . 
  does seem strange though .
