  maybe the rabid enthusiasm right after the election is gone but obama is still very popular in europe . 
  still , doubt it will make much difference, 
  are you talking to yourself ? 
  this was in seattle, 
  i 'm sure it varies a little by state but generally you take a class from a private drivers ed company . 
  you 're required to have a certain amount of time behind the wheel , some with instructor , some with just any licensed adult . 
  then you take the written test and the driving test . 
  the company gives you a certificate which you take to the dmv . 
  then you can finally take the govt . 
  driving test . 
  if you pass you get your license on the spot, 
  you 've got to be kidding me do people actually believe that ? 
  honestly makes me sad, 
  who are these vassals anyway ? 
  well think about how it might play out . 
  what can putin do ? 
  he can respond diplomatically and economically but if he attacks turkey militarily he will lose . 
  russia is not the ussr , the balance of power is dramatically in favor of nato . 
  its not optimism , i 'm basing my opinions on the assumption that russia does n't wish to destroy itself . 
  you ca n't make a blanket statement like you did and completely ignore the existence of cable television where there 's all the swearing fucking and killing you could ever want . 
  but the connection you 're making between tv speech and free speech is pretty dumb anyway so whatever, 
  well first of all , many of the alliances in ww1 were secret . 
  this meant that no one could be 100 % sure what the landscape of a potential world war would look like . 
  also , its important to remember that while ww1 was deadly , no one knew how bad it would be until all the new weapons were used . 
  at the time , war was still romanticized and people were eager to fight . 
  think about this , at the time the us civil war was the best possible indicator of what a modern european war would look like . 
  no one could have known . 
  now its completely different . 
  we know modern war , we know our destructive power . 
  we have global institutions specifically designed to prevent war between the great powers . 
  russia makes a wrong move and 28 of the richest countries in the world would oppose them . 
  russia would lose and it would n't be much of a contest . 
  if you bring nukes into the equation its pretty clear that world war will only be possible if nato dissolved or russia suddenly developed a death wish . 
  i do n't trust either government ... not one single bit . 
  and you may be right . 
  all i know is that turkey wants assad gone and russia wants him to stay . 
  the lengths to which they 'll go to achieve their goals has definitely started to crystalize but its still unclear, 
  in what way ? 
  i know the turkey claimed russia violated their airspace but was this actually confirmed ? 
  lived my whole life in the states . 
  watched a lot of tv , heard a lot of swearing . 
  the fuck are you on about ? 
  if i recall correctly this region is home to syrian rebels who are ethnic turks . 
  turkey not happy about ` pro-turkish ' rebels being bombed ? 
  maybe the airspace violation is just an excuse of course its possible russia actually did violate turkish airspace, 
  there will be a lot of tough talk but in the end nothing will happen . 
  retaliating militarily against a nato member would be suicide, 
  well , you 're saying that the us , uk and russia have secretly agreed to fake a terrorist attack in the name of perpetual war in the middle east . 
  i think that would be pretty bizarre . 
  granted , not impossible but pretty fucking bizzare i get that you 're skeptical but when the us and russia agree on something ( i.e. 
  moon landing happened ) , then thats a pretty good indication its just a fact . 
  i do n't see who benefits from this being terrorism , enlighten me, 
  and you 're just dismissing his experiences, 
  huh ? 
  many consider turkey to be part of europe as evidenced by the map in the sidebar, 
  what are you even referring to ? 
  not just nato . 
  every alliance we have all over the world would be at risk because no one would trust us . 
  very bad for business, 
  this is reddit . 
  surprised an american website has americans on it ? 
  definitely canada and uk at the top . 
  after that it becomes more difficult, 
  your source sucks bro . 
  yes it is but it goes without saying that it would n't go over well, 
  the actual content of the article is from ap, 
  its 4 jets on a recon mission , i would n't get too concerned, 
  lol its a recon mission so poland will be gathering the intel, 
  lol what trick ? 
  you should read the actual text you claim to know so much about . 
  the language is clear, 
  it never said anything about coming to ukraine 's aid if someone were to invade . 
  the furthest it goes is to compel the signatories to seek unsc action on the matter . 
  however , it very clearly says that the signatories will refrain from using force against ukraine . 
  guess who else signed this document ? 
  certainly the case for ww2 but i 've never heard anyone say that about ww1 . 
  we 're taught in school that we did n't do a whole lot . 
  plus ea is american but dice is a swedish subsidiary ... 
  not having access to one of the main suspects means the investigation is dead on arrival . 
  it would be a toothless resolution if access was n't guaranteed, 
  it does n't put blame on anyone , it requires the syrian government cooperate with the investigation . 
  as it should . 
  if the regime does n't cooperate the investigation would be pointless . 
  i really do n't see what language in these statements the russians would reasonably disagree with, 
  do you have a source ? 
  i have n't heard that . 
  looks to me like russia simply didnt want to cooperate with an investigation . 
  all true . 
  anyone who takes what the pentagon says at face value has a short memory . 
  but that said , the proof we would all like would have to come from an investigation of the site . 
  this was proposed in the un resolution that russia promised to veto . 
  so , realistically i think there were only two options fiery rhetoric and little else , or unilateral action, 
  i know , and many people ( myself included ) wish we did get involved . 
  my point is even though it may not be your business , there are certain things the world should n't just sit and watch . 
  not even to stop a genocide ? 
  i 'm curious what more sanctions could even be leveled against the assad regime . 
  seems to me that the biggest impact ones have probably already happened, 
  there is some but it is n't exactly definitive . 
  media has cited eyewitness accounts from civilians and the pentagon claims us personnel saw it happen . 
  they also claim to have flight tracking data from the time of the attack .
