  what would they have to gain ? 
  i could be wrong but sweden is already pretty integrated with nato as it is . 
  has very close relations with basically everybody in addition to being part of the eu . 
  they seem to be in a very good spot . 
  if invasion is a real concern , i think improving sweden 's military might be more helpful . 
  so in theory , this move by germany is a blessing to europe and to syrians . 
  actually , it seems to make the other wealthy european nations look bad for not doing the same, 
  thanks for the response . 
  i was actually under the impression that eu countries had an obligation to refugees , which i think is what you are saying in your first sentence . 
  but then why are they being made to cross the mediterranean in unsafe conditions ? 
  i ca n't help but think the eu is intentionally trying to thin out the refugee population before they reach european shores . 
  if granting asylum is about saving lives , then what about all the people who 've died trying to get to europe . 
  makes no sense to me, 
  how would it have gone in the decades before ? 
  if you had the opportunity to rewrite history how do you see it going ? 
  so whats your education plan then ? 
  how do you picture it going in your head ? 
  i really do n't get what you 're saying . 
  why is our military spending relevant ? 
  understood , but i 'm sure you can imagine , its just a little frustrating from an american point of view . 
  i do n't know , its 2015 i guess i just expected europe to handle its own neighborhood by now . 
  it is what it is though , europe is far more worthy of military assistance than some of our other ` allies ', 
  yep you 're spot on . 
  there should n't be second class citizens in nato but western europe sure seems to be acting that way . 
  at least thats how it looks from an outsiders point of view, 
  absolutely , i think we should always participate and show support but germany and the rest of western europe has n't been terribly responsive to the calls for help from their neighbors . 
  would be nice to see more from them is all, 
  i 'm all for supporting our allies , but i wish europe were taking the lead here, 
  but doesnt this chart prove you can spend whatever you want and still be in nato ? 
  haha fair enough . 
  but i got ta say , it would be a massive shame to cross the whole country off your list ( bit biased ) . 
  i 'm sure you 've heard , but some of our states are much much different from others . 
  if you have any sliver of interest , folks in the northeast and northwest are n't generally the gun-toting types . 
  in my experience they have a very similar worldview to you europeans . 
  you 'd still have to get past the damn tsa though haha, 
  hahah come to america sometime . 
  we 'd love to have you, 
  what are these `` other things '' ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i dont understand . 
  it sounds like you are willing to sacrifice economic growth and job creation just because you do n't like the fact that venture capitalists can make a lot of money . 
  what exactly do vcs do that make them `` vultures '' ? 
  then kiss those startups goodbye . 
  venture capitalists are essential, 
  maybe you are too young to remember , but the us did indeed invoke article v after 9/11 . 
  it was an attack on our country , and thus satisfied article v , simple as that . 
  for many americans the european response was disappointing . 
  after playing such a large role in the defense of europe during the cold war many expected a stronger response when a nato member was actually attacked . 
  not sure why you bring up korea because that was un not nato but if i understand you correctly you would have been ok with north korea conquering the south, 
  what makes you say that ? 
  really man ? 
  y' all have been right there with us almost every step of the way . 
  lets face it , both our countries have a pretty horrendous track record, 
  just part of being in an alliance . 
  do n't like it ? 
  vote . 
  i 'm actually well aware of the air policing mission . 
  i was wondering specifically who had the capability to replace the us reconnaissance aircraft that was involved here, 
  really ? 
  last year us expenditures ran just under 2.8 times more than that of european nato combined . 
  we just spent about 3 billion moving an armored brigade to europe . 
  around 5,000 troops stationed in the east along with 65,000 in the rest of europe . 
  why has eastern europe requested american planes and troops if their western allies were already contributing so much ? 
  thats interesting i did n't know that about iceland . 
  how extensive was the involvement ? 
  the wiki page does n't mention you guys, 
  you might be able to come to a number if you dig through a bunch of different sources but as far as i know the pentagon does n't break that down for us . 
  i think what you are interested in is how much the us spends specifically on the defense of europe right ? 
  its difficult because the us runs tons of ops out of european bases that have little to do with defending europe so even if you found numbers on operations out of european bases that does n't really help . 
  nato numbers obviously do n't help either but this article is kind of helpful in at least getting a sense for the situation . 
  ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/doug-bandow/us-to-spend-more-on-europ_b_9219754.html ), 
  do n't the baltics have like a combined 2 warplanes or something ? 
  sweden and finland are n't even in nato so if the us did n't do this who would pick up the slack ? 
  poland maybe ? 
  i do n't know , does n't seem to be many other options, 
  i do n't think russia ( or rather putin ) really cares if sweden or finland joins nato . 
  i 'm certainly no expert either but i do n't think putin really gives a damn about the long term future of russia ( maintaining international friendships and stuff ) but only cares about himself and his pals . 
  this kind of tough talk looks very good to the domestic audience and distracts from a bad economy but i would bet if sweden joined nato next to nothing would come of it . 
  sure , it may be non-binding . 
  but what you 're telling us is that international agreements do n't mean a single god damned thing which simply is n't the case, 
  i think its shameful whenever a country reneges on international agreements no matter who it is . 
  but keep in mind we 're talking about an agreement that guarantees the security of the west . 
  i would say it does carry more weight than trade or environmental agreements . 
  thats just my opinion , take it or leave it . 
  i also think its interesting you call out the us in particular . 
  obama is bringing up the issue but its not only the us who gets hurt by a weak nato . 
  its an issue between those who spend and those who free ride . 
  estonia is working hard to maintain 2 % spending , i 'm sure they too would like to see their `` allies '' do the same, 
  it certainly is n't just a recommendation . 
  it is a target/goal that was agreed upon by the member states . 
  i personally think there is big difference between the two, 
  haha yeah , ` intervention ' makes it sound like he 's bringing the navy along to make a point . 
  but the way i understood the article it sounds like a publicized speech/speeches to get across where the us stands on the issue . 
  i do n't see any problem with that and i do n't think its the us ` meddling ' . 
  that said i do think its a waste of time and energy because the brits should n't ( and probably do n't ) give a fuck what obama thinks, 
  i just do n't get what the big deal is . 
  so what if obama has an opinion , he should be able to make it known . 
  europe and the us are tied at the hip and our politics affect one another . 
  both sides regularly criticize and provide ` advice ' for one another . 
  do you really want to put up a wall and tell everyone if they are n't european or british they ca n't have an opinion ?
