really nice demo fragvid : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q67paadw6cy, 
  makes one feel powerless . . 
  it 's a new lap record !, 
  1500 sand king matches is just silly, 
  now that 's one handsome devil, 
  i 've been hiking a lot in this area , it 's strange how the clouds always seem to `` cuddle '' with this summit ... 
  view from the top :, 
  it 's possible to get up there on foot , no climbing needed , it 's naturally a bit steep some places though . 
  i want one of these, 
  once in a while , i pick pl, 
  try shouting louder at your teammates, 
  i guess my only credo is to be really careful about giving advice . 
  from wiki, 
  sometimes the term scandinavia is also taken to include iceland , the faroe islands , and finland , on account of their historical association with the scandinavian countries . 
  [ 2 ] such usage , however , may be considered inaccurate in the area itself , where the term nordic countries instead refers to this broader group . 
  i hope i 'm not the only on here disgusted by some of the things you guys claim you would do . 
  why skill anything but heal and stats on warlock , it is the superior build . 
  this shit is crazy . 
  why not , the fewer borders on the world map , the better . 
  i do n't think the majority of the norwegian populace would be interested though , our personal union with denmark is still sometimes refered to as '' the 300 year night '' . 
  i think the capital should be in copenhagen !, 
  flag of the kalmar union . 
  essentially the scandinavian flag if you ask me, 
  norwegian, 
  could you make one with a monosaccharide encircling a star ( s ) ? 
  as a norwegian i cringe whenever i see stuff like this, 
  brown cheese, 
  [ i should be sleeping , but i made this !, 
  the roman historian pliny the elder referred to to scandinavia in his work [ naturalis historia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naturalis_historia ) . 
  quote from wikipedia :, 
  `` leaving these , we come to the nation of the ing\u00e6vones , the first in germany . 
  in their country is an immense mountain called sevo , not less than those of the riph\u00e6an range , and which forms an immense gulf along the shore as far as the promontory of the cimbri . 
  this gulf , which has the name of the ` codanian , ' is filled with islands ; the most famous among which is scandinavia , of a magnitude as yet unascertained : the only portion of it at all known is inhabited by the nation of the hilleviones , who dwell in 500 villages , and call it a second world : it is generally supposed that the island of eningia is of not less magnitude . '', 
  the romans thought scandinavia to be an island , because they did n't know it was connected to the continent at the time . 
  why do some of your games take so long to load ? 
  this one is pretty funny, 
  my treant protector doing very active protecting, 
  i second this, 
  there are more french people in london than in paris , right ? 
  at the time it was mostly a political decision , ambitious rulers wanted more contact with the rest of the continent . 
  that was hard to achieve as a heathen . 
  [ battles were fought over the issue ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_stiklestad ), 
  i guess the internet is place where awful people gets to be awful without consequences . 
  people also get more vocal and quarrelsome about their opinions online . 
  you said it yourself though , this place also has many people that makes it worth visiting , from my perspective at least . 
  fraternizing with the philistines, 
  so unendurable and glum, 
  normative people suck, 
  and so does your mum, 
  there is a group of people who uses the confederate flag in sweden too . 
  they 're called raggare , and have a strong interest in old american cars and pop culture . 
  they seem to be mostly oblivious about its connotations . 
  telemarketers , nobody wants to be called by a telemarketer , not even telemarketers themselves . 
  with 10 000 catapults , eventually one of them would hit the apache ? 
  lolxdddd, 
  spot on . 
  i 'm not sure who most of these characters are , so i 'll go with master chief . 
  the state has nothing to do with the prizes , it is the nobel committee that manages it . 
  how kennedy handled the cuban missile crisis would qualify as pretty poor decision making too , it brought the world to the precipice of nuclear war . 
  how can norway be the among the top scorers here while being a major oil exporter ? 
  should n't producing fossil fuels be taken into account when it comes to '' green performance '' ? 
  can anyone tell me what '' vorfeld '' means ? 
  i 'd say brazil is also pretty good for learning the game . 
  for not to speak of gaza, 
  [ vaguely reminds me of this italian starcraft caster . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiaoscoz7sa ), 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but was n't nelson mandela and anc on reagan 's terrorist list for a while ? 
  shows how far he was willing to go in support for regimes he considered allies . 
  i do think you have a point . 
  the magazine is trying to defend freedom of speech by insulting minorities , not exactly a very noble thing to do . 
  of course they are not going to to do something what would upset the french majority , like desecrating the `` le tricolour '' for instance . 
  of course they have every right to do so , i just do n't think they represent the guardians of free speech because of it . 
  firstly , i 'm not american , and secondly [ i 'm pretty sure the french have laws meant to protect their flag . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8636331.stm ), 
  as denmark was on france 's side in the napoleonic wars , and france invaded russia , should n't russia be included in some way ? 
  is that a hero ? 
  how many times are we going to post this map ? 
  i really do n't think this constitutes a large problem for the majority of the userbase . 
  what you are suggesting sounds very impractical and will most likely just result in long queue times for parties . 
  nice shot , he looks like he 's wondering what you 're doing . 
  do you agree that the bright areas are a little too white ? 
  it seems to me that some of the detail is hurting as a result . 
  maybe that window in the background is the reason ? 
  it is a window right ? 
  the depth of field also seems a bit shallow , i suppose it 's just a matter personal taste but i would have liked the rest of his muzzle and eyes to be somewhat clearler . 
  what was the focal length you used ? 
  you did a good job with that , my own shots end up a little bit shaky too often . 
  what about the objective then ? 
  fraud !, 
  look at the shape of the coffe cup , these increments are n't even at all, 
  how did italy get naples ? 
  funny because it 's not true xdddd, 
  and , we will build a firewall , which the registered users will pay for . 
  yeah , probably the best bug i 've seen . 
  how common is it ? 
  what 's your favourite dinosaur ? 
  did they have feathers ? 
  how did the bird in the background turn out so nicely after such a long exposure ? 
  excellent shot by the way , 
  totes,
