  a bigger number is more  producing more may not be better if , for example , it overall degrades quality of life through longer working hours , poor working conditions , health problems or environmental degradation . 
  the goal of the economy is quality of life , not maximal production . 
  still , it 's an important number . 
  it does have something to do with income - but that can be quite different from wages , and it only includes domestic income . 
  there are three ways to calculate it , one of which is to add income from labour , rent , profits and interest , and net indirect taxes/subsidies . 
  the three methods should add to the same ( but do n't because of inaccuracies in the data - i believe all three methods are used to come up with statistics ) . 
  the other two methods add value-added , and add spending ( consumption , plus government spending , plus investment , plus exports minus imports ) . 
  btw - gross = before depreciation , domestic = geographically within the country , instead of national ( gnp ) which adds on residents ' foreign income ( eg from owning foreign shares or working abroad ) and takes off what 's paid out the other way . 
  and product means it looks at production - buy a house or a second hand car ( or receive a gift ) and that does n't count because nothing was produced . 
   when people realise that the express was lying and the eu was n't the cause of everything wrong in the country , who are they going to blame ? 
  farage ? 
  themselves ? 
  they 'd probably carry on blaming the eu , even if we 're not in it . 
  eu trade conditions , having to meet eu rules , eu migrants , eu treatment of british companies and citizens , the eu economy and so on . 
  it 's not as though any european nations would stop putting pressure on each other if the eu were do vanish completely tomorrow . 
  i would think it 'd be easier for spain to throw out british pensioners than britain to throw out spanish workers . 
  for one thing , it would n't be as disruptive to businesses , and pensioners are likely to need more services and pay less tax . 
  and for another it 'd be much easier to write a rule causing problems for non-integrated , non-spanish speaking brits living in enclaves than it would for spaniards working in britain , integrated and already needing to speak english . 
  i hope and expect that neither will happen , but everyone will be looking for any bargaining chip they can get and it may come at the expense of something the uk wants . 
  it 's also possible that popular opinion around the eu will be very negative , especially if the uk starts treating eu citizens badly , and furious , insulted people find it much easier to support something punitive even at a cost to themselves . 
  i would imagine there 'd also be a big rush for citizenship , both here and for british citizens in the rest of the eu ( not to mention rediscovered ancestry for britons who have n't left ) . 
  both groups would have a harder time of it ( visa conditions , employment disadvantages , poorer treatment by governments ) , and for uk citizens in the eu it could be very advantageous to retain the right to move around within the eu again . 
  many people will already qualify for this , but have never had a reason to spend a lot of money on doing it . 
  ubiquitous working at home for every occupation where it makes sense . 
  or if not home , for those who really want a social environment , shared local offices of their choosing . 
  just think of the difference in housing , transport , london-centrism and quality of life ... 
  hmm , is n't child benefit usually paid to/claimed by the mother ? 
  though i think either can claim now , at least when the whole family is living together . 
  it 's worth adding that in the uk you do n't need to pay any taxes to get child benefit and it 's not linked to work . 
  iirc , it was introduced partly to give ( then mostly non-working ) mothers more control over money , and is seen as a way to improve the living conditions of children growing up in britain . 
  that , i 'd guess , is why some people are very touchy about migrants sending it abroad - it 's more like spending on childcare for residents than like a tax allowance . 
  ` border control ' probably means ` the right to refuse entry to eu citizens at will ' . 
  that 's what most anti-eu voters most seem to want out of leaving the eu , fewer eu citizens in the uk , and the only thing they 'd consider a serious concession ( the changes seem to be mostly considered trivial ) . 
  when it comes to these things :  customs union , free trade single market , consumer protection then given a choice between negotiations like ttip and a parliamentary process , i 'd choose the parliament . 
  it 's one of the best reasons for it to exist , to allow more open international cooperation . 
  that 's not relevant to my point - whoever they are , if some european countries try to accept them and some to reject them then it 's not going to work . 
  it needs either one strategy or the other across at least schengen , not countries competing to push differing policies or push problems on to each other . 
  no , both accepting the refugees in a coordinated way or rejecting them in a coordinated way would work better . 
  but european countries disagree on which , who and how much and the eu ( or anyone else ) is n't powerful enough to impose one or the other - which you can see as a good or a bad thing , depending on preference . 
  simply saying ` keep them out ' wo n't work because you ca n't impose it on the whole eu ( or schengen ) as things are . 
  i wonder how old the rule is - maybe it goes back far enough that the crown and parliament were not always on friendly terms , and that it was intended as a protection against monarchs using arrest to push the commons around . 
  obviously , this could still apply today to opposition mps ... 
  surely most migrants use aircraft ? 
  emigration from brazil , for example , is very low no matter where to . 
  from the uk it 's around 7 % of the population ( http://siteresources.worldbank.org/intlac/resources/factbook2011-ebook.pdf#page284 ) , and for brazil it 's 0.7 % . 
  us biggest destination , japan second . 
  2.4 % for argentina , spain top destination . 
  it 's bigger , of course , for central america and more dodgy countries , like venezuela . 
  education systems in the region are not good . 
  that 's always going to make emigration harder because visas are harder to come by . 
  and for brazil at least , i 'd bet there are lots of opportunities to migrate internally , too . 
  the actual rules : http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/family/children/benefits/index_en.htm i 'm not sure if it 's the topping up by a second country part , or the primary country possibly being where the children do n't live if only one parent works that 's the big problem . 
  for countries that give tax benefits instead of payments then it 'd make sense to base it on work like that . 
  and the supplements presumably avoid the situation of one parent in poland having good reason not to look for work whilst the other is in the uk , to avoid the primary country switching to poland . 
  further complications are the people who commute across borders , and the uk paying it to parents of 18 and 19 year olds at university abroad . 
  it 's worth bearing in mind that britons as a whole take out more than they put in , hence deficit . 
  it 's also an exaggeration to say that the bottom jobs are subsidized . 
  if that were unambiguously true , then the country would have less output with them than without them - they would actually have negative value . 
  in the cases where the worker would be here anyway that 's not true - that person would still receive all the same services when not working . 
  having them in work does still increase output , just not by enough to cover those services . 
  finally , some services , like defence or research , do not get proportionately more expensive as more people immigrate . 
  not to mention that we get other benefits as part of the package that free movement for the a8 comes with , including for uk citizens in the rest of the eu , and including positive net contributions from eu immigration as a whole, 
  this is partly because of the high deficit - britons overall are not net contributors to the treasury . 
  so , as the deficit falls this figure may also fall , through falling services and rising taxes . 
  35k will also bias the system towards older people and towards people living in london , both of whom are likely to cost more in services . 
  and also towards men . 
  what about people who work for employers who sell things to immigrants ? 
  and people with immigrant teachers and nursery nurses ? 
  not only that , but because 100,000 is their claim of the fall in net immigration from the eu , it does n't consider that it might cause an increase in net immigration from elsewhere , or a decrease in emigration . 
  so they actually do n't claim a fall of 100,000 in total net migration . 
  it 's compared to 336,000 currently ... so a fall of something like a quarter might be in line with that . 
  i doubt that would satisfy the anti-migration anti-eu voters . 
  applying to be allowed to be present in a country to avoid war and applying for taxpayer financial support are n't the same . 
  most refugees are going to need the support , of course . 
  but it 's conceptually wrong and a failure of government to respect the right to private property to actually seize it , no matter whether financial support is required or not . 
  it 's the sort of thing a well written constitution should forbid . 
  there 's a difference between refusing or reducing support to those with assets they could sell , and forcibly removing them . 
  i wonder if the uk could apply it to russians fleeing with nothing but a premier league football club and a dozen flats in chelsea to their name . 
  that would be amusing . 
  the article entirely fails to mention that three of them were unaccompanied minors , and the fourth is mentally handicapped . 
  as i understand it , cctv in the uk - where every city really is filled with cctv - is not good at identifying people ( and it was dark ... ) . 
  it does , however , help to establish events . 
  you have someone found with a stolen wallet and admitting theft but denying sexual assault , for example . 
  powers to deny people legal advice after being stopped at airports were entirely unrelated to abu hamza , were they not ? 
  or we could stop pretending that non-terrorists are terrorists , and provide legal representation to people who have been detained . 
  it would n't be the end of the world , you know . 
  it already happens with most detentions . 
   not knowing the language of a country severely restricts their freedom and ability to interact - call the police when necessary , day to day life is much harder and keeps them dependent on their husband to translate for them and frankly at their mercy . 
  not just to interact , but also to consume media and be influenced by local culture and practices . 
  if ` integration ' means having social links , individual or mass-media , that link you in to the same network and influences as everyone else then it 's a near-impossible barrier to overcome . 
  japan also has a conviction rate over 99 % , a very heavy reliance on confessions , extremely unpleasant prisons and a certain suspicion of inaccuracy when it comes to convictions . 
  it might be problematic to mention it before the trial is over . 
  reporting is limited ( sometimes prevented altogether ) to avoid prejudicing the trial . 
  the bbc give a recommendation of what can be reported here : http://www.bbc.co.uk/academy/journalism/article/art20130702112133630 name is ok , however , so you may be able to guess . 
  # 35,000 at some point in your career is much more achievable , however . 
  maybe it 'll bias immigration more towards older people . 
  and if either earner in a household can bring the rest , it might give a household two shots at it ( or , more likely , one shot but an easier one because men earn more ) . 
  the nations of the first and second world wars were n't entirely kind to young men who did n't want to fight , either . 
  i suspect that some level of heavy coercion of potential conscripts is inevitable as soon as states/wannabe-states have their existence threatened . 
  and since neither assad nor isis have any sort of claim to democratic mandate anyway , they might as well go as far as they can .
