  my parents and i always watch at least some of it , depending on when we get up . 
  it 's also broadcast on radio 3 . 
  here 's a list of ways they say you can apply for one in a variety of asian countries ( and russia ) outside china : http://unionpayintl.com/en/enproducts/cardapply/index.shtml they claim a fifth of south koreans have one , and that they want to become more used outside china . 
  but , indeed , they 're not yet used much internationally , even though they 're accepted , and i ca n't think of a reason a typical westerner would want one rather than visa/mastercard . 
  somebody who ca n't access anything else , for example because it 's been sanctioned by the us . 
  china unionpay is apparently the second largest after visa and claims to operate in 150 countries . 
  ( sounds like they 're accepted anywhere where discover cards are , too ) . 
  a monetary system is a way for people to do/give something for others in their economy in exchange for a credible promise of some future output . 
  it 's a system of human promises . 
  however you represent that , it 's something that just appears , something which is not physically real , a promise which can be broken . 
  something like gold is no exception , you still have to trust that people will continue to accept that it represents a widely accepted claim on output , and that the amount of output you get wo n't fall . 
  reserve requirements are n't necessarily what limits lending , though . 
  there 's no effective reserve requirement in the uk , and a quick google suggests swiss banks ' reserves are quite a bit larger than the minimum . 
  banks also have to meet capital requirements , and have to make a profit , which limits their lending . 
  i found this to be well worth reading : http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/documents/quarterlybulletin/2014/qb14q1prereleasemoneycreation.pdf ( it 's specifically about the uk , though ) . 
  it is very annoying , and definitely reduces my sleep quality . 
  fortunately , we have pelmets which helps , and combined with pushing the bottom of the curtain against the window and living somewhere with few streetlights it 's not too bad most of the year . 
  i think the metal shutters are a bit ugly , though , and would probably not even be allowed in some homes . 
  i 'm sure there are better options which work , though , like wooden shutters in cottages . 
  it 's a bit more mixed than either of you suggest . 
  with something on this scale you ca n't escape the physical reality and think in terms of monetary value - taking the wealth of the richest 1 % would not double the living conditions of the bottom 57 % in some sort of sense . 
  not only would removing those possessions have an effect on output , but they would n't be 100 % effective at improving the living conditions of others . 
  taking away highly valuable art , private aircraft and london property , for example , would do close to nothing to improve the lives of the bottom 57 % . 
  they 're just not the right tools for doing so . 
  ownership of companies would have a similar problem . 
  sure , you could try selling them ( who to , though ? 
  you 've just removed the assets of the biggest potential buyers ... ) and use the money to buy things which are more useful , but then you 're either inflating the prices of those things , or stimulating the production of more ( which is something you could have done anyway without the expropriation because the expropriation has n't actually done anything to increase productive capacity ) . 
  some resources would become available , and some harms reduced ... it 's certainly wrong to think there 's no effect . 
  less air travel would improve the lives of the whole other 99 % , some of the engineering effort , energy and materials that go in to make jaguars , mercedes and airbuses might be redirected to cheap transport and improved infrastructure ( assuming those engineers do n't give up caring thanks to the prospect of having all of their wealth removed ) . 
  but they 're not going to be perfectly transferable , nor producing something worth as much . 
  really it 's more appropriate to look at resources consumed , not at ownership of wealth - and at economic policies which affect output . 
  imo , allowing large quantities of * high quality * new building would do a very great deal , and does n't involve expropriating anything except for the political power of nimbys . 
  once you 've got it stable it 'll probably stay stable , as long as you keep doing the same things , yes . 
  you 've still got to get it stable , though - and catching every work-around you need to stop an old windows crashing or leaking memory could be hard work , especially if you 're unlucky . 
  and the guy is sitting in front of the desktop , so it ca n't be said to have 100 % predictable inputs . 
  maybe it 's not part of the control system at a all anyway - maybe it 's meant for him to read his e-mail and book holiday on the intranet . 
  it will if you do it unofficially - but you still need a way to get things on and off officially , from updates to the control software to data you want to analyse . 
  air gaps can be and are breached , though . 
  usually via removable media ( not to mention that you can attack the software used in the original install ) . 
  once breached , there are a few means of getting data in and out , too - eg , via speakers and microphones and a nearby internet connected computer , by making lights flash , by changing the power use of the computer , by turning the fan up and down , ... maybe it 's just not an important computer , or they do n't expect that much effort in attacking it . 
  windows xp has a proven track record of not being very good and crashing after a lot more regularly than ` many years ' , though . 
  a linux or other unix of the same period would have been a far better choice if you had a free choice - more stable , easier to develop for , more customisable , more secure , easier to replicate and version control configuration , ... 
  i would guess that they had some other sort of special reason , such as relying on some old software which for whatever reason needs it , or because somebody sold it to their manager . 
  these have been rather criticised , especially when it comes to welfare ( ` welfare ' turns out to include prime ministers ' pensions - and those of all other government employees ) . 
  here 's one from the previous year , with welfare broken down further by a blogger https://commonslibrary.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/141104-welfare-tax-letter_chart11.png ( blog at http://commonslibraryblog.com/2014/11/04/hmrcs-new-annual-tax-summary-whats-in-welfare/ ), 
  doing only that still has a problem where people can contribute but lose the benefits quickly ( 3 months at the moment ) if they move . 
  this 3 months should be extended to match qualifying periods for contributory systems . 
  and it can be worse with pensions - i have spanish colleagues with years of spanish contributions which will get them exactly no spanish pension because it 's below the threshold ( 15 years , iirc ) . 
  the u.k. has a similar threshold , so you can be heavily penalised for moving around the eu relative to someone who stays in one country . 
  stopping governments dodging their obligations to europeans who move is exactly the sort of thing the eu should be for . 
  ( the uk also needs to fix its housing issue , in quantity and quality terms ( quality because badly built houses at the cheap end are a big cause of fuel poverty ) , because that 's a big contributor to the need for in-work benefits ) . 
  i starting doing it after working with an office which had a puppy . 
  seeing a dog drinking from a toilet is enough convincing , i think . 
  i think it 's net non-british eu immigration ( 180k ) + net rest-of-world immigration ( 201k ) + net british immigration , and the last category is negative . 
  uk nationals are n't included in the other two blocks at all . 
  one reason not mentioned so far as to why it 's not so easy : if the eu has no tariff on something from a particular country and the us does n't , then an eu company could import it , do something trivial with it and reexport it to the us tariff free . 
  so , trade agreements have to at least have sets of rules on what counts under the agreement and what does n't . 
  they 're not always straightforward . 
  then there a subsidies , media ownership rules , strategic yoghurt makers , language quotas and all sorts of other things one side or the other thinks discriminates against them . 
  yes ... and with hindsight it 's easy not just to know what was and was n't true ( even though you did n't know it at the time ) , but also to know what was and was n't important . 
  religions quite possibly propagate at least partly by convincing people that believing them is a morally positive ( or required ) thing . 
  state institutions should not involve themselves in this process , even if it 's mostly ineffective and symbolic . 
  they should not be taking religions ( especially not a specific one ) and giving it status and respect through state power . 
  the hague , in a war crimes trial following an end to the conflict , you would have to presume . 
  religious nuts organised by leaders who do have goals , who do want to hold and control territory , who want political power and are prepared to exploit pathological religion to get it . 
  more conflict between muslims and non-muslims could plausibly be their strategy , even if the individuals carrying out do n't think that far . 
  then when someone moves from one country to another , contributing first in one and then another , both governments get to escape their obligations . 
  this is unfair . 
  it 's already possible to take some unemployment benefits with you for three months and move around the eu looking for work . 
  this should be extended , both in time and breadth ( though 4 years is a bit much - perhaps 1 or 2 ) . 
  and the time period should be synchronised with the minimum time it takes to qualify for benefits in the new country ( providing you meet the local criteria , like two years of contributions or residence ) , so that you 're transferred from one system to another at one moment . 
  that would be a much more cooperative approach than trying to unilaterally bar people from other countries . 
  that mostly is what happens , but with a twist : http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/family/children/benefits/index_en.htm if the second country has a more generous regime they may have to top it up . 
  that 's probably the bit you 'd most want to attack . 
  bear in mind , however , that in some countries the equivalent benefit is a tax benefit ( so if one parent is working and doing so abroad there might be no entitlement at home ) , and also that some people commute across borders . 
  ` borne by ' here means ` paid by in a way which appears in corporate accounts ' , and not literally ` borne by ' . 
  it includes bits of tax which do n't reduce what the shareholders get , and it excludes bits which do ( vat probably does , for example ) . 
  if you tax just the buyer ( or seller ) of a thing then you generally change the market price at least a bit and some of the cost is borne by the other side . 
  increase the tax employers pay to employ someone and some of the cost of that will fall in the employee in reduced salary - but these figures will say it 's borne by the company . 
  reduce vat and some of the gain will go to the company , and again these figures wo n't show that because they exclude vat . 
  as a specific example , uk stamp duty on house sales is paid by the buyer , but the cost falls entirely on the seller through reduced prices . 
  the figures also includes mandatory pension contributions , but presumably does n't include minimum wages . 
  i really ca n't think of anything these figures would actually be useful for . 
  the concept they represent is really just an accounting one , not a reflection of reality , certainly not an economic one . 
   they would arrest you if you visited the uk but extradition treaties typically only work for crimes that are crimes in both countries and carry a sentence of over one year . 
  european arrest warrants can work without dual criminality , it seems . 
  it could mean a lot of different things , and it sounds like it would n't be outright banning strong encryption ( and a number of industries , including financial services , would go insane if it were ) . 
  it sounds like what they want to do is to stop companies offering software that allows individuals to communicate over an encrypted channel without the supplier being a man in the middle . 
  i think they 'll rapidly find that it 's impossible to draft , impossible to enforce ( that company could be outside uk jurisdiction ) and full of holes . 
  then they 'll come up with some half measure which disrupts a lot of people 's security and imposes costs whilst not achieving what they want . 
  it 's as if the only things they know exist on the internet is twitter and skype ... ( seriously , just try and draft such a rule without laughing ... how could it possibly work ? ), 
   most of this money padded the bank 's reserves - who can lend out more ( read up fractional lending ) although if you do read up on fractional reserve lending you should note that the uk has no reserve requirement and that it 's not the increase in reserves that 's important ( and maybe not in the eurozone , either - capital requirements could be a bigger constraint , and also profitability ) . 
  in qe in the uk , the boe buys an asset for cash from a non-bank , and in exchange the seller gets bank deposits ( and the seller 's bank gets reserves ) . 
  this directly increases the amount of bank deposits in existence , without the money multiplier effect economics students learn about . 
  so if you do read up on it , include this in your reading : http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/documents/quarterlybulletin/2014/qb14q1prereleasemoneycreation.pdf edit : formatting, 
  they 're not building enough , and what is built is often poor quality ( one reason for not building enough - no-one wants ugly new houses near them ) . 
  however ` should prices be high ? ', 
  and ` should prices be higher than they are now ? ', 
  are very different questions . 
  answering the first is easy , answering the second is hard .
