  the government is responsible for that rule . 
  additionally , the law makes no such requirement - these are purely administrative rules concerning a document she is legally entitled too . 
  many immigration lawyers will advise you to not even use the current official form , because it asks for much more information than necessary . 
  many decisions are yet to be made . 
  not just on trade and migration arrangements , but also domestic policies such as taxes and benefits for the low paid , and interest rate setting . 
  it 'll also be of interest to businesses and government for more direct reasons - such as predicting tax revenues and deciding care home funding , given that care homes employ a lot of low-paid workers . 
  that 's not quite correct . 
  she was n't applying for citizenship , she was applying for a permanent residency certificate . 
  this certifies a status you receive by law without doing anything - just live in the uk whilst exercising your eu treaty rights for five years and you have permanent residency status . 
  i doubt that guarantees of existing eu citizen residents will be without caveats , and they 'll certainly come with a requirement to prove that you 're eligible under those rules ( by , for example , having been resident on a certain date , like the referendum date ) . 
  the permanent residence certificate ( or plain residence certificate for people here for less time ) is a probable way to do this . 
  it 's a shitty way for the government to behave and the government should fix it . 
  it 's certainly something worthy of complaint in the media . 
  and , no , a government ( or anyone else ) ca n't excuse shitty behaviour by hiding behind its own rules . 
  this is the behaviour the government has chosen for itself , it 's responsible for it . 
   it does n't matter . 
  the purpose of language is to communicate and as long as people understand what the other person means these mistakes do n't really matter that much . 
  using ` your ' instead of ` you 're ' or ` should of ' instead of ` should have ' * does * harm communication , though . 
  if you 're used to a certain symbol being used for a certain purpose and are presented with a different , but similar , one , then you 're likely to have to pause briefly and work out what the writer meant . 
  i suspect this will also distract you from the content a litte , too . 
  mistakes will happen and it 's not really very important , but mistakes they are . 
  scots , welsh , english and kurds seem to manage it . 
  are you sure you mean ` nation ' and not ` state ' ? 
  in any case , the french state clearly does control france to the extent you 'd expect a state to . 
  ignoring these migrants is something it is doing by choice , presumably because of the politics and costs of dealing with them , but there 's not doubt the french government is very much in control of ( and responsible for ) this choice and the treatment of those migrants . 
   what we have is a system both legal and physical which allows people to enter europe and wonder around totally freely . 
  i blame that . 
  other than international rights to make asylum claims , no law allows illegal immigrants either to enter or wander around freely , as i 'm sure you know . 
  getting rid of laws allowing eu citizens to move around freely would do nothing at all to these migrants . 
  and physically preventing them is both difficult and often not in the interests of the people who could do it . 
  southern europeans allow them in to and out of their countries because there 's no good answer to stopping them entering , because they do n't want to stay anyway and because there 's no political incentive for them to do anything about it when it 's mostly to the benefit of northern neighbours who do little to help . 
  ovo is 3.02 p/kwh and bulb ( a green tariff which i 'm with now ) is 2.535 p. 
  that 's not including the standing charge , so you 'll see higher numbers if you look at the tariff comparisson rate ( 3.2 p for bulb ) . 
  i 'm in the south east . 
  it might vary by area . 
  gas is about # 0.03 / kwh , electricity is about # 0.12 / kwh at normal rates ( or about half at night , if you have a split tariff ) . 
  in the uk , building enough new housing ( or allowing enough housing to be built ) to bring down rents would probaby * reduce * welfare spending , because housing is part of welfare spending . 
  it would , however , upset a lot of existing homeowners . 
  and wefare spending changes here have n't just caused problems with amounts . 
  for jobseekers ' allowance , it 's almost designed to harrass , humiliate and punish people in to not claiming . 
  requirements can be arbitrary , and benefits have been withdrawn from people for unfair reasons ( such as failing to attend an interview due to illness , failing to check for people publishing new job adverts on christmas day , filling in a form in the wrong ink or missing an appointment because the job centre had scheduled a mandatory course at the same time ) . 
  withdrawing benefits leaves people unable to afford food and can significantly impact people 's health . 
  the same sort of thing has happened with the disabled . 
  entirely unnecessary repeated assesments of people with long-term illnesses , sometimes requiring lengthy and difficult journeys , often resulting in very ill people being told they 're fit to work when they 're clearly not . 
  treating those in need of such benefits as worthless cheats just itching to steal from the government if they 're not subordinated as much as possible has not only not helped them , but has caused a lot of alienation . 
  and fixing it has nothing whatsoever to do with immigration ( and probably is n't even all that expensive ) . 
   i once read a news article which stated that actually only those with big debts ( governments who face a deficit ) profit from an inflation rate , since their debts just shrink over time all borrowers gain from low or negative * real * interest rates - the difference between their interest rate and inflation . 
  this will indeed sometimes be negative , but higher inflation alone is n't of benefit to them if interest rates go up , too ( which they usually do ) . 
  negative inflation , on the other hand , can make it impossible for real interest rates to be low . 
  -4 % inflation means interest rates of at least 4 % ( unless you can really convince people to lend money and get less back ) . 
  so keeping inflation safely above zero is good for borrowers . 
  but this is n't the only reason a little inflation may be a good thing . 
  another often given is that many prices can be ` sticky ' , especially downwards - it 's hard for people to give pay cuts , for example , or prices may have been written in to long term contracts . 
  whilst no-one really wants wages falling , it 's probably still better than unemployment or other economic problems . 
  if it goes to a collection agency and/or a court then there 's a near-certainty thousands in extra charges will be added , and he wo n't get those back no matter what . 
  i remember once receiving a notice from bailiffs for someone who previously lived in the same flat . 
  the unpaid parking fine was about # 50 , the charges from the investigation and collection process were  # 2000 ( remember to update the address on your driving licence , folks ) . 
  if he ca n't get a lawyer , maybe the citizens advice bureau or his mp could help . 
  no , governments write rules and then attempt to apply them . 
  the rules are coarse , sometimes unfair and unbendingly unreasonable , do n't necessarily achieve what they 're intended to ( because they ca n't distinguish ` good ' and ` bad ' immigrants very well ) and are very open to political influence - whether from lobbying by industry , or from political hot topics . 
  the ` populism ' of insults is n't just saying what the elite does n't want to . 
  it 's also campaigning for things that are popular but unsustainable ( like seizing central bank reserves to spend on subsidies to take an extreme example ) , that wo n't achieve what they claim ( leaving the eu to increase wages or subsidizing house purchases to make housing more affordable ) , or that work against the interests of the people they claim to help . 
  it 's also about lying or manipulating the debate to make these things easier ( # 350m a week , anyone ? ) . 
  and it 's putting popularity ahead of actual achievement in order to gain power for yourself . 
   why would anyone move to britain to retire ? 
  being near adult working children and their children is the only reason i can think of . 
  ... and if you 've ever flown in to stansted airport , ` stansted ' means ` stony place ' . 
  i used to live and garden in stansted mountfitchet , near the airport , and the name is annoyingly accurate . 
  ( mountfitchet comes from sir richard de montfitchet , iirc - which comes from montfiquet in france ) . 
  they 're rare now , but they do exist . 
  here is [ one in lacock ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/dw0mpk/audi-car-crossing-ford-in-lacock-village-uk-dw0mpk.jpg ) , a very touristy national trust owned village . 
  people actually live there , though , and there 's a single house at the end of this one . 
  there 's no bridge because it would ruin the appearance of the area and house . 
  still , i imagine the removal men who have to carry furniture in and out have a happy , happy time . 
   i 'm biased as one of those living in the eu , but it would seem even more unfair that people who pay into the eu system as taxpayers in their respective countries then get taxed again for the same benefits . 
  visa systems often do this anyway , so it might not be worse . 
  eg , in the uk non-eea citizens have to pay the nhs surcharge despite also having to pay the same taxes as anyone else , whilst getting fewer rights . 
  it 's not really fair of course ... it 's not meant to be , it 's just an exercise of power for gain . 
  some brexiters have liked to : * believe that they were being called racist as a way to deligitimize opposition to immigration * argue that the uk treating non-eu migrants much more harshly than eu migrants is unfair and could be fixed outside the eu add them together and you get a rather childish ` see , i can do it too ! ', 
  sort of response . 
  of course , the first point was almost entirely ( though not 100 % ) a straw man and the second takes no account of the reciprocal arrangements for uk citizens or the complex network of benefits and concessions that are part of the eu . 
  he also neglects that the eu has little say over how the uk treats non-eu citizens immigrating . 
  all the esa people i 've spoken to for my job say it as a word ( ee-sah ... ` ee ' as in ` feed ' ) . 
  it seems to be what they use themselves . 
  i would have imagined something closer to the original state paying under their own rules and amounts . 
  that is , after all , what you 've contributed to . 
  this already happens with one kind of british contributory benefit , but with much stricter limits and it only applies to people unemployed when they leave : https://www.gov.uk/claim-benefits-abroad/jobseekers-allowance ... 
  i assume the eu mandates that the uk does that , because i ca n't imagine the uk government doing it voluntarily . 
   foreigners should not receive non-contributory benefits until they have completed five years ' residence . 
  ... but governments should not use this as an excuse to collectively discriminate against people who move around the eu and to escape government obligations their citizens have paid for . 
  if you contribute for twenty years and then move across an eu border and begin making new contributions the next day , the eu should ensure that you do n't get no cover at all for a five year gap . 
  that may come from your previous government , where your previous contributions went , but governments treating internal migrants fairly is part of what the eu is for and it should come from somewhere . 
  not only that , but also force ` communication service providers ' ( not just isps , also messaging services , social networks , ... ) to weaken their security and not tell anyone about it . 
  that mean back doors or the silent removal of encryption for targeted users , for example - which could allow criminals and foreign states access , too . 
  that makes no sense - reinvested profit is still profit , and it 's listed that way in financial accounts . 
  it 's not automatically untaxed , either , although i think there are a lot more exemptions . 
  the fall in the pound means that the uk has to produce more ( higher gdp in pounds ) to pay for the same in imports . 
  that means we need some amount of growth just to keep real incomes the same - and people most certainly * are * noticing falling real wages in particular . 
  growth also makes a difference to the effect of government debt on taxes and government services , it makes a difference to your pension and it makes a difference to how well people will be able to pay off debts like mortgages over the coming years . 
  people will notice .
