  sterling has fallen in part * because * the uk will become less able to export - falls for that reason wo n't do much to reduce the current account deficit . 
  once the uk leaves the current account deficit might rise again . 
   what if it was a small child `` illegally trespassing '' onto the road to get her/his ball back ? 
  then the car should stop as quickly as possible in a straight line . 
  that way everybody knows what the car will do , including other drivers/auto-drivers , and will have the best chance of stopping or going as slowly as possible in any collision . 
   or , a cyclist that has hit a pothole and been thrown off their bike ? 
  then the car should stop as fast as possible in a straight line , and should usually succeed in doing so because all drivers , automatic or not , are required to always be able to stop in the distance they can see to be clear and to give enough space to cyclists . 
  i think the same applies to the others . 
  it 'd be a simple and transparent way for the cars to behave , and they 'll probably still do better than humans . 
  among the public it seems to have always been taken as a sign of the eu becoming a state ( and there has never been much support for that ) . 
  the lse looked at how brexit would affect prices of various things : ` we find that prices would go up most in transport ( a price hike of between 4 % and 7.5 % ) , alcohol ( 4 % to 7 % ) , food ( 3 % to 5 % ) and clothing ( 2 % to 4 % ) . 
  these product groups rely a lot on imports . 
  by contrast , prices for services would rise the least . ', 
  they then use a breakdown of what different income groups spend their money on to see how it would affect them . 
  it 's not very different across the income scale , a little more in the middle and less at the top a bottom . 
  it 's here : http://cep.lse.ac.uk/pubs/download/brexit07.pdf ( but this is for brexit in general , not specifically this currency fall ), 
   when he says borrowed from the future , he means that we would have to have a recession or other consequence for our currency being over-valued in recent times ? 
  i assumed he meant ` borrowed ' . 
  every pound bought is a pound sold , so if we 're importing more than we export ( -  more pounds sold for trade than bought ) then the left-over pounds must be being bought for something . 
  if that something is not trade then it 'll be to lend to the uk , buy its assets or similar . 
  that 's a current account deficit . 
  so we 're probably accumulating debt to foreigners and losing assets . 
  paying that back would mean exporting more than we import . 
  ( of course , if assets sales means london property and we have a house price crash those foreigners might just lose some of their money ... ) . 
  exporting more than we import means making more stuff than we use here in the uk . 
  that makes gdp higher - gdp is a measure of production physically in the uk - but means there 's less stuff for us to use for our own economic welfare . 
  make more , get less . 
  a recession would n't help - more stuff and/or less consumption would do it , not less stuff and less consumption - nor is it a requirement to fix the current account deficit . 
  does n't mean it wo n't happen anyway when it meets rising prices , consumer confidence or real-life details of how industries work and compete . 
   do you mean ni or nhs ? 
  no , you have to have something else ( but you can still use the nhs and leave your private insurance unused ) . 
  a non-uk ehic is ok , but only for a short time after you arrive because they 're only for short-term trips . 
   what if you go back to your country for a 2-week holiday with your id ? 
  would you just show plane tickets ? 
  i do n't think they actually ask for proof of trips , but in theory they can compare with the border records . 
  ( there are limits on how much time you can spend abroad and still qualify , which is why they ask - but they ask for more information than they need ) . 
  quite possibly the reason bacon and eggs is n't mentioned so much is that it takes too damn long to cook when you have to get to work . 
  ( i frequently have kipper for breakfast , but then the breakfast-at-desk eaters find it comical how long it takes me to go from bed to office ... hmm , add ` kipper ' to the bacon and eggs and the two together get more than the croissants ) . 
  i can understand loyalty to family , partners , friends and people you have real social connections with . 
  i can understand supporting better public services , fair tax and benefit treatment for people worse off and other good public policy because it 's the right thing and makes for a better society . 
  and i can understand fighting in wars , when necessary , when they serve to protect people and things worth protecting , including those you have loyalties to ( and , with nato , that may mean most of europe and the us ) . 
  but genuine loyalty to a country - meaning supporting it and fighting for it even when it 's doing the * wrong * thing , something not justified on its own - has always seemed a bit odd . 
  besides , citizenship is just a legal relationship with a state . 
  it does n't guarantee anything about your real loyalties , or say much about what community you 're a part of . 
   once an eu citizen has been in the uk for more than five years , they are given permanent residency rights . 
  this is not automatic . 
  if you 're an eu citizen in the uk then look it up and check you 're doing what you should . 
  in particular , if you 're not working or in work then make sure you have health insurance , otherwise your 5 years stops counting and you have to start again . 
  that includes students . 
  one single day and your five years starts again . 
  also , they want a lot of evidence and information . 
  look up the forms and start gathering it - job and interview offer letters , job applications , insurance certificates , the dates of every trip outside the uk ( yes , they want this if you apply for a permanent residence certificate ) . 
  and , ludicrously , if you were out of the country five years exactly before the day after an application for citizenship then they can refuse it - and keep your 1k . 
  at least permanent residence certificate applications are only # 60 ... 
  almost all illegal immigration is dealt with using civil measures , and criminal prosecutions seem to mostly be limited to employers , assisting illegal immigration and deception to gain entry/visas . 
  was there any particular criminal offence you were think of ? 
  i 'm not sure that being here without permission is in itself criminal . 
  perhaps he did n't - but would you trust the newspaper to put it in the article if he * had * expressed gratitude ? 
  you 'd think that what 's actually * achievable * is to train enough new doctors that the numbers match the new intake from 2025 . 
  ( although that * also * requires that it be an attractive profession and the government is currently trying hard to treat doctors badly and make the workplace overstretched ) . 
  but i presume we have a need for a mix of doctors of different experience levels and that it 'd be 40 years before it works its way all the way through to retirement age . 
  it 's also possible to do things like growing wheat ( or something else more easily mechanised ) instead and importing the fruit , or simply eating less fruit . 
  presumably the experience of a typical person depends on the density around where they live , and on their more infrequent access to less dense areas for leisure . 
  many people are likely to live in densely populated areas , even in low density countries . 
  so in terms of ` what 's it like ? ', 
  it might make more sense to look at the density in places people actually live , access to green spaces , etc. 
  barcelona 's population density , to pick a random example , is about 16k/km ^ 2 , and ` greater barcelona ' 5k . 
  greater london 's is 5k , and inner london boroughs seem to be about 15k . 
  so the density around where people in those cities actually live is quite similar . 
  meanwhile , london has many large parks and many people live in houses , which gives a very different experience to many european cities . 
  meanwhile , despite living in england , if i look or walk out of my house what i mostly see are trees , much more so than buildings . 
  and if it were n't for the trees if i looked out of one side i 'd see a valley and fields . 
  most of my commute , and my previous commute , is rural . 
  that 's mostly down to my preferences and choices ( and a certain amount of luck , i suppose - but many people in the same circumstances would choose someone more urban ) . 
  i thought street lighting had been shown not to reduce crime ? 
  accidents , however ... 
  at least it was n't translated as ` china air ' . 
  now * that * would be a toxic brand . 
   someone earning say # 22k would only pay # 2k in income tax . 
  ... but there 's another 1672 ( employee ) + 1916 ( employer ) in national insurance , unless you 're a self employed plumber or taxi driver or similar , or are a pensioner . 
  ` all taxpayers ' is wider than ` all income tax payers ' , and income tax is less than a third of all tax revenue . 
  national insurance , paid by nearly all wage earners and their employers , and with allowances much lower then income tax , is the next biggest piece after income tax . 
  here 's one breakdown : http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/4001/economics/tax-revenue-sources-in-uk/ it 's also worth remembering that mean income tax may be dominated by small numbers of rich people . 
  this is true - but violent people * do * pick up fault lines created by others for non-violent reasons . 
  anti-immigration rhetoric will have focussed more attention on poles . 
  still , you would probably also not want to sound posh in this sort of place and time , or south-eastern in a northern equivalent , or english in a scottish one . 
  it 's civil and criminal in the uk , but usually responded to by deportation or refusal of entry , not prosecution - unless you smuggle someone else , employ illegal immigrants , forge documents , etc. 
  ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/resources/briefings/immigration-offences-trends-in-legislation-and-criminal-and-civil-enforcement/ ) i think this makes sense . 
  deportation , or simply allowing people to avoid prosecution by leaving on their own , makes more practical and financial sense , and some classes , such as someone who behaves honestly at a port and is refused entry , are not worth treating as a criminal anyway . 
  in any case , illegal immigration is not like ( other ) crime . 
  if you steal a wallet it 's wrong and immoral no matter how much the government gives you permission . 
  illegal immigration is more like building a house without permission - it 's about governments using power to manage populations in bulk , not preventing evil . 
   let the products of that explore the stars . 
  why entrust it to a rabble of irrational apes ? 
  space exploration makes the news a lot more , but esa does a lot of other things . 
  galileo , radar for monitoring ground movement ( think of landslides or tunnelling ) , weather data and climate data ( not just climate science - data for things like flood risk mapping , too ) , for example . 
  weather data in particular has saved countless lives , on land , at sea and in the air , and the others are very valuable to our economies . 
  the uk would be insane not to continue to participate . 
  nothing suggests broadcasters would n't still be able to charge . 
  the bbc could just check its viewers have bought a licence/subscription .
