  it will become still that , but plus 0 , 20 % or 25 % of the mortgage interest . 
  they call it abolishing ` higher rate relief on interest ' to make it sound more coherent . 
  it 'll presumably favour incorporated landlords , but at the moment most landlords are individuals . 
  i imagine it 'll also make interest rate rises even more dangerous for landlords caught short of money . 
  the tax change in april was for people buying a second house when they already own one , which includes most landlords . 
  it 's an extra 3 % of the house price . 
  there was a spike in purchases just ahead . 
  the other tax changes will mean that landlords with mortgages ca n't just take the cost of the mortgage off their profits before tax . 
  they have to pay some tax on that , unless their income is low enough that they pay only the lower band of tax . 
  so , buying in advance does n't help because it 's the rental income that will be taxed more . 
  brexit is n't the only thing affecting the housing market here . 
  some substantial increases in taxes for landlords are coming in , the first started in april and there are more over the next few years . 
  there are also some areas which are clearly overvalued compared to rents , there 's a continuing shortage of permission to build and i think there was even a shortage of bricks . 
  we 're overdue for some price falls in some parts of the country . 
  that tends to happen with ( ordinary ) suicides , too - a few days after news reports there 's a spike in suicides using the same method . 
  it 's a significant ethical question when it comes to reporting on suicides . 
   even if the agreement ended britain is well within it 's right to deny people entry and send them back to their point of entry . 
  err , are you sure ? 
  i thought the dublin agreement allowing that to happen was an eu agreement , and that without it france could simply refuse to accept them ? 
  your response to poor international cooperation is to remove a mechanism for international cooperation ? 
  neither the migrants nor the tendency for countries to push problems on to neighbours would go away without the eu . 
  i got a # 300 grant in my first year ( 96 ) , and had to pay nothing except rent and living costs for the whole three years . 
  people starting in 97 had to pay fees . 
  this is one reason it 's such a big issue - there 's been a very dramatic change from one generation to the next , in both costs and numbers . 
  in the uk , the green party mp has been spied on , and so was doreen lawrence when she was campaigning for the police to properly investigate her son 's murder . 
  no-one would be surprised to find the us spying on protesters at the moment , nor surprised to find commercial spying . 
  there does n't have to be an arrest for a state to be gaining and misusing power over people by spying . 
  merely knowing what a particular political group will do next is enough . 
  that measures a very different thing ; you could go quite wrong if you did n't look at gdp , too . 
  you could have , for example , rising median wages , falling production/gdp , rising imports and large sales of assets/borrowing of money from abroad . 
  not to mention that other income especially pension income , is also quite important for the well-being of large numbers of people . 
  the focus on just gdp is a bit silly , especially when it comes from people who do n't even know what it is , but there is n't really a substitute to knowing how much stuff is done in a country . 
  it should be pointed out that a distribution centre is probably distributing more stuff because of lots of * other * migrants buying and consuming in the wider area . 
  migrants are on both sides of the supply and demand of labour - though not necessarily equally across all areas - and that has to be taken in to account . 
  it 's also possible to switch away from things that require unskilled labour . 
  eg , switch to crops which can be more easily harvested and import asparagus , strawberries , etc. 
  in the case of more manufactured products you can produce them abroad , even to the point of exporting things for processing . 
  it 's also worth remembering that the demand for unskilled labour in the uk will also be lower if immigrants , skilled and unskilled , do not come here . 
  and if business costs are higher , not just labour costs but through extra expenses involved in trade , real salaries are likely to be lower . 
  ehic only applies for short-term stays . 
  there 's nothing specific you can say you did n't understand ? 
  if a group says ` they 're the cause of my problems , you stupid fuck , get rid of them !, 
  ' , but you know that the people they 're pointing * are n't * the cause of their problem and throwing them out * wo n't * solve their problems , what would your response be ? 
  that 's the position most of those ` elites ' are in . 
   one of the things that drives these little britoners craziest is that when they look the elites in the eye and say `` this is the problem : this is why i 'm mad '' and then what ends up being discussed by the elites is `` well the real explanation is through an analysis of foucalts theory of madness ... '' no you stupid fuck . 
  they are telling you right to your dumb fucking face . 
  so what 's an elite to do ? 
  when the answers being demanded wo n't work , and will make the vast majority of people worse off , what do you do ? 
  not cutting tax credits , benefits and services so ruthlessly would obviously be a good start . 
  but that was on offer , and was voted against not so long ago in the last general election - partly as another wrong but popular solution to ` benefit scroungers ' and economic problems . 
  working on infrastructure , collecting and analysing good economic statistics , improving housing and planning , improving investment in productivity , improving markets , regulation , competition and trade and so on might be a good idea ( some of which has been cut ) ... but , oops , we 're back to being intellectual again . 
  my fear is that populist answers which do n't work will lead to more problems which lead to more populist answers in a self-reinforcing spiral . 
  why would suggesting that they 'd been manipulated suggest that their grievances were illegitimate ? 
  there are plenty of reasons for people to be unhappy , especially people on low and falling real wages . 
  it 's just that leaving the eu wo n't make it better , it 'll make it worse . 
  it 's the connection between the eu and their problems people have got wrong . 
  maybe some of the eu 's negotiators are actually british and will be looking for a new job . 
  surely it 's not possible to start negotiating a trade deal until the uk knows if it 's inside the common tariff area or eea or not ? 
  otherwise the us will be negotiating something having no idea whether the uk will be able to stick to it . 
  perhaps there were many who voted for remain despite disliking eu immigration because they thought the other benefits were worth it , and now find themselves getting an outcome they dislike on both points ? 
  everyone following the referendum seriously knew it was n't true . 
  they continued to say it to draw attention to our eu payments , and because the argument about it not being true drew even more attention to it . 
   you need a nanny ? 
  maybe the truck drivers could retrain . 
  except neither of those links actually quotes a part of the remain campaign saying either of the things you said they did . 
  donald tusk is not a member of the remain campaign , and talking that way about ` western political civilisation ' is quite stupid enough without exaggerating it to ` western civilisation ' . 
  and the second link does n't quote david cameron saying anything about another world war . 
  it 's a very good example of the exaggeration that 's everywhere . 
  it quotes him talking about the balkans , ukraine and georgia . 
  they do n't even manage to quote him saying what they said he said in their own headline , which appears to be because he did n't actually say it ... 
  any links to direct quotes of the remain campaign saying these things ? 
  nor have the remain side . 
  the leave side have systematically exaggerated every suggestion of a downside to leaving in order to fit with their ` project fear ' smear campaign . 
  the ` project fear ' project has been fairly successful for them . 
  they knew there would be a lot of arguments about the risks of leaving , and that the economy would be a big part of that . 
  so they started their ` project fear ' catchphrase early and worked on exaggerating what remain people said about the downsides to try make them fit that ( e.g. , increased risk of war in europe became ` third world war ' ) . 
  of course they can lie . 
  even if everyone knows it 's a lie it 's still serving its purpose - to keep attention on the cost of the eu budget , and to frame people 's decision making in those terms . 
  lying only keeps it in the media even more as people dispute it . 
  this was a punishment for something somebody else did . 
  she did n't break this ` law ' , somebody else dumped on the other side of it . 
  and in justice terms it 's illogical - what possible benefit is there in punishing her for the actions of someone who has not the slightest concern for her welfare ? 
  the think tank this guy founded is based in washington . 
  no-one is offering free movement in the eu for turks . 
  visa-free short visits , yes , but not eu-style free movement . 
  their uk equivalent has turned temporarily denying benefits in to an art form - eg , for arriving early , for failing to arrive because a job centre interview has been scheduled at the same time as mandatory training , for having a job interview scheduled for the same time , for failing to continue searching for work after receiving an offer , for failing to apply for x jobs on christmas day , etc. 
  then people physically deteriorate because they ca n't eat properly . 
  i hope the french do n't do the same ... 
  ask people if people should be able to solve their disputes through a mediation system of their choice and they 'd probably agree . 
  but mention sharia and i think they 'd quickly backtrack . 
  they 're also expecting someone to have diverse age and gender all on his own . 
  lengthy detention by the semantics police seems in order , too . 
  he 's certainly no boris , is he ? 
  checking a number of latin dictionaries , it looks like parens/parentis did actually mean ` parents ' . 
  prices depend not just on how much money there is , but also how often it changes hands . 
  if money suddenly starts changing hands half as often , you can have twice as much without inflation . 
  ( well , - ish , i imagine it 'll depend on many things , such as who has the money ) . 
  banking crises often destroy money in the form of bank deposits , too . 
  it 's quite possible to print money during one and still end up with less of it . 
  remembering seven or eight new , good passwords every month , as in the original comment , is not going to happen .
