  but then you still have the profit , just popping up in another company somewhere . 
  and amazon as a whole makes very little profit , and has often made losses . 
  however , amazon is famous for making hardly any profit or actually making losses , even across the whole group . 
  [ less than 1bn in total profit ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2017/07/27/amazon-boss-jeff-bezos-overtakes-bill-gates-worlds-richest-person/ ) it seems . 
  not all income - income received from outside is not included in gdp , and income paid to outside * is * included . 
  if you have balanced trade then they are indeed the same , but with a trade deficit it 's no longer true . 
  so , income generated in an oil-rich region but paid to distant owners or for central government to spend elsewhere is part of that region 's gdp , but it 's not part of its residents ' own incomes . 
   it 's a measure of relative regional economic income production , surely ? 
  gdp measures production . 
  the income could be going to owners ( or workers or government ) who live elsewhere . 
  this could be particularly obvious with oil production - possibly that explains the dark green bit at the top of russia . 
  a lower pound means the uk has to make and export more to pay for the same in imports . 
  it means # gdp ( production ) goes up , but not real incomes . 
  low and sometimes negative wage growth despite gdp growth is already a big political issue - people have a sense that ` somebody else ' is benefitting - and this has made it worse . 
  but if you 're an exporter ( or work for one ) it may help you . 
  they can ban selling it to children , like knives . 
  i 'm not too sure how much evidence the police need if someone is carrying acid around at the moment ( e.g. , on intent to use it as a weapon ) , but you can equally imagine making it specifically illegal to carry it except in certain circumstances ( like taking it home from the shop in its unopened original packaging , or taking it somewhere for your job ) - again , like knives . 
   money is wasted in the hands of the super rich . 
  they have so much money that so much of the wealth they accumulate never goes spent . 
  imagine this were really true . 
  imagine billions in notes sitting under aristocratic mattresses . 
  what would happen ? 
  it would be exactly as if this money did n't exist . 
  it 's not circulating , and as long as it stays that way it might as well have been destroyed . 
  so , you can print some more to replace it and yet have no more inflation than you would have had had you confiscated it and passed it around . 
  but , of course , this is n't what happens . 
  the rich do not have billions of dollars in their hands , they have control of actual assets and they have a lot of influence over what the economy does ( especially over investment ) , even when they 're not selling assets and spending the money for their own consumption . 
  were you to confiscate those assets - all those shares , land ownership rights , bonds and so on - you 'd move that control around , with quite different effects to printing money . 
  you mean : at least they ca n't force on everyone by pushing for it inside the eu and * then * blame it on the eu when everyone complains . 
  do you know if it is actually an eu * national * that has to own it , rather than an eu * citizen * ? 
  citizenships can be gained , especially if you 're rich ... 
  the eu and uk agreeing to allow flights from the eu to the uk and vice versa does n't sound too hard . 
  but the right for uk-owned airlines to fly between cities in the eu is another matter . 
  exchanging the right to fly intra-eu flights for the right to fly intra-uk flights is not an attractive swap for the eu - especially when they could use a refusal to force airlines likes easyjet and ryanair to move and/or change ownership . 
  if that agreement is to be made then the uk will need to offer something more in exchange for it than the right to run domestic uk flights . 
  that points to it being a part of the withdrawal or trade agreement , where it 's easier to make such a trade . 
  or , perhaps , to it never happening at all . 
  the eu [ require airlines to be majority owned and controlled by eu nationals ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/c7d496f6-e472-11e6-8405-9e5580d6e5fb?mhq5j=e1 ) to fall under eu rules , so it 's not a sure bet that they can just set up a new headquarters . 
  they might need to force some shareholders to sell ( or maybe change citizenship ) , too . 
  maybe that 's what they 'll do ... sell some shares in the austrian company to some eu citizens . 
  airlines can only fly between countries if there 's an agreement between those countries allowing them to do it . 
  our current agreement will automatically end . 
  comparing it to something absurd to avoid discussing it seems a little cowardly . 
  a new agreement will need to be made . 
  someone will have to actually * do * something to make this not happen , unlike launching nukes . 
  and that agreement will have terms and could have a cost attached ( by being linked to other agreements , for example ) simply because it 's a potential point of leverage for the eu . 
  there is no general freedom to fly between countries . 
  an airline majority owned in one country can only fly between that country and another if there 's an agreement between them . 
  and an airline majority owned in one country is almost never allowed to fly between two other countries , with the eu being the biggest exception . 
  that 's why a no-agreement exit could stop airlines flying . 
  if there 's a complete suspension of flights then it 'll be part of political brinkmanship and hopefully very unlikely and not long lasting in any case . 
  what 's much more likely is that british majority-owned airlines will not be able to fly between airports in the eu any more and will need to change their ownership to be eu majority owned . 
  sounds like an american prison ( assuming their reputation is accurate , that is ) . 
  [ sectoral balances ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sectoral_balances ) are one reason they 're linked :  the sectoral balances equation says that total private savings ( s ) minus private investment ( i ) has to equal the public deficit ( spending , g minus taxes , t ) plus net exports ( exports ( x ) minus imports ( m ) ) , where net exports represent the net savings of non-residents . 
  the only way to have lower government deficits without reducing savings is to ( net ) export corresponding more and/or invest less . 
  unless i 'm misinterpreting it , [ the lisbon treaty ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-the-functioning-of-the-european-union-and-comments/part-2-non-discrimination-and-citizenship-of-the-union/160-article-18.html ) and the eea agreement require a prohibition on discrimination on the grounds of nationality . 
  so you may have to wait until brexit . 
  even without anything in return , the uk has no serious prospect of being able to eject ( or even risk causing to leave ) anything more than a limited slice of eu migrants because of the enormous damage to uk businesses and public services it would cause . 
  it would also cause enormous pain for uk citizens with eu-citizen family members , and cause a big backlash amongst voters seeing their colleagues and friends treated badly . 
  meanwhile , a horde of returning unemployed or retired uk citizens probably would n't make the government jump for joy , either . 
  since the uk would n't really want to do it or benefit from it anyway , the eu has much more limited reasons to offer anything in return for that . 
  that would be considerably looser than now . 
  at present , for your time here to count you must be employed , looking for work ( and able to prove it later ) , a student with health insurance or self-sufficient with health insurance ( and , of course , you have to be able to prove later you had enough money ) . 
  few eu students in the uk have health insurance , and i 'd doubt that many retired eu citizens here do , either . 
  and a single day when you fail to meet those requirements means you start counting from zero . 
  will theresa may 's proposal get rid of this requirement ? 
  personally , i hope so , at least for people already here today . 
  given that the [ press statement ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/european-council-june-2017-prime-ministers-press-statement ) appears to have a mere four sentences on this and i ca n't find anything more thorough that 's not a second-hand newspaper report , it 's totally inadequate for really knowing what will happen on this or many other issues ( like pensions and job and housing market discrimination ) . 
  she promised proposals in full on monday . 
  we should wait for those . 
   this is because that form was not designed for eu citizens [ this ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/505032/eea_pr__03-16.pdf ) 85 page form ? 
  the one that has ` use this application form if you wish to apply for a document certifying permanent residence ( if you 're an eea national ) ... ' written at the top ? 
   on a close reading of most of the articles , you find that the people in question were told they would n't be receiving the status because they did not supply the documents they were asked for firstly , the status is conferred automatically by law when you meet the criteria . 
  what you apply for is a certificate to prove it . 
  maybe the practical effect is similar , but it makes me wonder what happens if someone ends up in a court , whether during deportation proceedings or something like judicial review . 
  if there 's too little documentation for the government to accept the form but enough for the court to accept that you met the criteria it could turn in to a bit of a mess . 
  ( i believe the form is n't required by law and i think some immigration lawyers advise you to use an old one ) . 
  secondly , supplying documents is n't necessarily a simple matter , and may be impossible . 
  not everyone ( especially someone who spent some time sharing a flat ) will have proof of residence , not everyone will have kept old health insurance certificates and evidence of attending job interviews , and not everyone will know the dates of every time they were absent from the uk since arrival . 
  this last one is particularly egregious as information outside the qualifying period is not required for assessing the application , and short trips are mostly an irrelevance . 
  if you 're here on a short-term visa and planning to apply for the next one you keep everything . 
  if you 're here under apparently secure eu freedom of movement rules you probably would n't even have thought of it until the referendum . 
  finally , since we 're talking about a retired stay-at-home mum , people who have been here for many years and would be excellent candidates for citizenship in most people 's eyes do not count under the rules . 
  not having health insurance would have had almost no practical consequences for such a person - but disqualifies her from permanent residence . 
  many current and recent students have the same problem . 
  hopefully , the new proposals will turn out to include all residents and get rid of the restrictions requiring you to have spent five years as a worker , jobseeker , self-sufficient person with health insurance or student with health insurance . 
  if only proof of residence was required it 'd be a lot easier . 
  you 'd be a fool to trust the government on this , though . 
  pointless bureaucratic hurdles designed to gather information to trip people up later or to put people off would hardly be unexpected . 
  at university , someone explained to me that it was originally like being a member of a medieval club - but you had different degrees of membership depending on your status , and graduation was going from one degree to another . 
  the first three ( ? 
  maybe 7 ) years was spent learning latin and greek and then you became a bachelor . 
  that seemed to make sense to me at the time . 
  oxford still give you ma status seven years after you started , without you having to pass anything . 
  it 's not really a new qualification you can use in the jobs market , though ( but it makes me wonder what the french visa people would say ) . 
  they also have masters which are undergraduate degrees  they 're four years courses instead of three . 
  wikipedia says it was related to apprenticeships - a masters degree is like become a master baker or somesuch , just a master of arts instead . 
  which seems to make sense as well . 
  ` any article which has a blade or is sharply pointed ' is already banned in public places in the uk , unless you can show you have a good reason . 
   knives under a certain length ( 3 inches i think ) are fine to carry only folding knives that do n't lock .
