it might not , but there 's no ` surely ' about it . 
  every extra hour does n't just reduce the productivity of that extra hour , but of all the other hours , too . 
  there have long been reports that longer hours , especially when sustained , do n't help or reduce your total output . 
  here 's an article on them , for example : http://www.salon.com/2012/03/14/bring_back_the_40_hour_work_week/, 
  a trade deficit means you 're giving them more stuff then they 're giving you , in exchange for their assets and their promises in the form of debt . 
  eventually , they run out of assets and buyers for their debt . 
  if they do n't pay it back , if the assets ( like housing or shares ) become worthless or confiscated , you 've essentially had your economy work more to give someone else free stuff . 
  that sounds to me like a problem . 
  ( and that 's not mentioning knock-on economic problems that will reduce demand for your products ), 
  unless , one day , they fail to honour your claims on them . 
  almost all of the rodents i see are squirrels - but sometimes mice and rats ( outdoors , in the countryside ) too . 
  this is n't the only reason , though . 
  the second is that after separations custody is almost always awarded to the mother , not the father , even if the mother is financially incapable of supporting a child . 
  obviously , a father who would have preferred an abortion is n't likely to want custody , but the system is n't designed around just that . 
  and , of course , the money only in theory supports the child ... it actually unavoidably goes to support the whole household including the child , potentially including a mother who does n't want to work ( and in the very worst cases another man who triggered the separation in the first place ) . 
  some women may be very reasonable and honest about it , but some are really not ... 
  running away and calling the police and an ambulance is n't necessarily a bad option , though . 
  air pollution worsens many other conditions and shortens the lives of people with them . 
  you might die of a heart attack ( air pollution increases the risk ) earlier than without the pollution , for example . 
  it reduces lung capacity , too , so it 's not hard to imagine it making many other health events less survivable . 
  still sounds like a lot , but iirc it 's previously been estimated that 5k people die earlier just from car pollution which makes it sound less surprising ( but still a bit big ) . 
  there have been at least imports from space : http://i.space.com/images/i/000/004/460/i02/apollo-11-immigration-02.jpg?1292269002 , 
  the eurozone is not a real monetary union . 
  banking is segregated . 
  in a normal currency area , all the banks have accounts with the central bank . 
  transfer money from your account to mine and your bank will transfer money from its account with the central bank to my bank 's account with the central bank . 
  in the eurozone banks ( which might be a subsidiary ) operate only within one country and have accounts with the national central bank . 
  the national central banks have accounts in turn with the ecb . 
  transfer from a greek bank to a german one and the money is debited from the greek bank 's account with the greek central bank , also debited from the greek central bank 's account with the ecb , credited to the bundesbank 's account and also credited to the german bank 's account . 
  this segregation of banking means that greek banks can be cut off from the euro in a way that a yorkshire ca n't be cut off from the pound . 
  if a greek could walk down the road and open an account with a german bank - a real german bank with an account and borrowing facilities with the bundesbank or with the ecb itself , not a greek subsidiary of a german bank that 's firewalled off by regulations - then selectively cutting off greece from the euro would n't be nearly as easy . 
  it also means that all the national central banks have balances with the ecb , and those balance sort-of represent money created by that country and used to claim some of the output of other countries without that country having reciprocated . 
  ie , a bit like a loan and a trade deficit . 
  you can see the balances here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/target2#/media/file:target2_balances.png to form a real monetary union would require eurozone-wide banks , and a eurozone-wide system to back them in case of failure . 
  i think that 's substantially short of a full fiscal union , although it clearly can involve transfers . 
  it 's symbolism . 
  it 's not meant to do anything useful , just to say to certain people ` we 're like you , we do n't like this stuff , you should vote for us ' . 
  the country someone is deported to does have to accept him , though - unless you 're going to start using military force when the aircraft is denied entry to that country 's airspace . 
  either that , or you might get him there but find him back here again on the next flight . 
  presumably it 's because you can just go across a border and buy goods in another country without paying the extra vat when you cross back . 
  it was the same with mail order , at least for smaller companies , but i 'm not sure if the recent eu vat changes have changed that . 
  ie , it 's to reduce tax competition . 
  learn french or risk death , and they choose to risk death ? 
  understandable , i suppose . 
  the crisis comes in large part from the greek economy not being able to produce effectively and adequately . 
  retiring later should increase output ... at least in normal times . 
  it is , of course , a lot less effective if most of the new pensioners would n't have been employed anyway . 
  wondering what 's actually wrong with greek banks i found this : http://www.forbes.com/sites/raoulruparel/2015/02/20/are-greek-banks-insolvent/ in brief , half of their assets are effectively promises from the greek government ( deferred tax assets or credits ) ... and the banks are mostly owned by the greek government , and are important buyers of government debt . 
  i 'd guess that this is not the case in spain or ireland . 
  just checked : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/current-account-to-gdp greece has a current account surplus . 
  ie , more euros coming in than going out via trade ( but not other movements ) . 
  so , in itself , greece would n't would run out of euros directly from defaulting as far as i can see so far ... it 'd be the knock-on effects that 'd do it . 
  the greek government has a primary budget surplus . 
  if they stop paying debt they can afford salaries and pensions out of tax revenue ( and given that a lot of the debt is foreign held it 'd keep more euros in the country , too ) . 
  it 's capital flight , current account deficits and insolvent banks reducing the money supply that look more likely as reason greece would have to leave the euro . 
  does n't the greek government have a primary surplus ? 
  it sounds more like it 'd be the banking system that 'd be the cause of the next bit of trouble . 
  if wages and pensions are paid by transferring deposits within the greek banking system then i do n't think that 's true . 
  surely it 's cash withdrawals , transfers abroad and potential greek bank losses on their assets that would leave greek banks with problems ? 
  owing one depositor instead of another is surely not a problem ? 
  according to https://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/ela/html/index.en.html ela is not about lending money to greece , but about the greek central bank lending money to greek banks . 
  in theory the eu could guarantee greek retail bank deposits up to the insured limits ( whilst letting the banks go bust - greeks might have to use mostly foreign banks or cash ) but not lend more to the government ( which would default ) . 
  i doubt it 's politically possible , and not too sure it 'd keep greece in the euro anyway , though . 
  it 's important to include bond holders , too . 
  if a company borrows to invest then it pays no tax on the returns paid to the lenders , but if it raises share capital then it does . 
  this biases the system in favour of debt , which leads to more company failures . 
  instead of profits , the taxes should be levied on dividends , interest and capital gains . 
  the money is n't removed forever exactly - it goes to a foreign exchange market where it 's swapped for other currencies and ends up in the hands of someone who wants euros to spend or invest in the eurozone . 
  if there are n't enough such people then it 'll push the exchange rate down . 
  so you may get it back in exports . 
  of course , this would have been more dramatic for ireland if it were n't in the eurozone . 
  also , do n't neglect remittances the other way . 
  i do n't know about ireland , but in the uk there are more inbound remittances than outbound ( think of rich student parents and the like ) . 
  they did it with cooking oil in china ... skimmed it off and sold it back to restaurants . 
  so why not ... 
  it should be more controversial that you can contribute for years , move and then lose all entitlement after a very short time ( three months , i think , for uk jobseeker 's allowance anyway ) . 
  i ca n't help wondering what horrors there are for people whose state pension contributions are split over different countries . 
  the previous country should take responsibility for its emigrating contributors for longer , and the new country should n't be expected to take over for that time . 
  then you find your air and trade routes blocked , or north african countries allying themselves with russia and causing military problems , or providing safe havens for corrupt money and criminals . 
  just because they 're not as rich does n't mean they 're not important . 
  um , i ca n't help thinking that attacking the ports and boats of neighbouring countries might come with diplomatic and military complications . 
  i think that too many britons see the eu as an outside dominating force over which they have no control , with the border being the biggest manifestation . 
  it would have helped a lot if the eu parliament and british meps were a lot more visible , but it 's too late for that now . 
  i do n't think many in britain expect much change and have already decided which way to vote . 
  the eu should probably make the uk feel important , offer a few symbols and anything which will help the eu as a whole ( like trade in services ) and see what happens . 
  trying to convince our euro sceptics wo n't work , they 'll vote to leave anyway . 
  if you take the same amount of tax on the dividends and interest ( and wages , if you like , but wages are already far more heavily taxed than especially interest ) then you can base the rate on the recipient 's income . 
  you ca n't do that with corporation tax . 
  even with corporation tax and no avoidance ( including debt ) , taxes on profits received by owners are lower than on wages . 
  this is wrong . 
  they should be taxed equally - which conveniently makes avoidance by reclassifying income useless . 
  get rid of corporate tax and its distortion and bureaucracy , raise the tax on the dividends and interest instead . 
  read the link in my reply to the sister comment . 
  wages are more heavily affected than anything else . 
  at least where i live , if you do n't work for the government your pension gets a lot of its income from dividends . 
  want tax to pay state pensions , too ? 
  why not tax the interest and dividends those profits generated ? 
  it 's much less dodgeable , and eliminates a whole system of bureaucracy , as well as eliminating the destabilising debt financing preference . 
  oh , and you can set the tax rate by income . 
  there 's research out there on who pays the cost of corporate taxes .
