  harriet allard , through a mix of inflation and personal career advancement , is almost certainly going to be able to pay that off way , way before the 40 year term . 
  she 'd be a fool not to , unless she likes being exploited by mortgage companies . 
  it 's less than five times median income . 
  assuming , that is , someone who ` lives in the now ' does n't just keep on upgrading to bigger houses until it really is too much . 
  initially at least , the u.k. would remain in the eea , which has a free movement requirement . 
  the u.k. would have to leave that , too - so it 'd depend on who won that particular battle . 
  i 'd expect little appetite for deportations and a lot of resistance even if it happened , but it 'd still be advisable for people here long enough to apply for citizenship to avoid being discriminated against in government services or hassled at the border . 
  the british concerns that are actually being put to the eu are mostly a sham . 
  the demands david cameron is making are n't driven by improving the eu or achieving anything useful , they 're driven by his own domestic image , and everyone knows that . 
  it 's a real pity he did n't / could n't use the opportunity to get something more useful . 
  or decouple immigration and the eu in people 's minds , or get people to value their own free movement rights more . 
  all of which would be very hard . 
  in some ways , smashing the economy and universities to bits so that everyone inside and outside the uk wants to go somewhere else would be the easier of the three ... 
  though even if migration over the next year plummets , there 's still a good chance people 's impression of it would n't catch up or they would n't believe the figures . 
  what 's frustrating is that being outside the eu would probably make very little difference to how the migrant crisis affects the uk . 
  it 'll end up being like most referenda : too many people will ignore the actual effects of voting whichever way , pick someone or something loosely associated with it ( nick clegg in the av referendum , immigration and the euro in this one ) and vote based on whether they like it . 
  if we vote to leave many of the things the anti-eu people hope for wo n't happen . 
  immigration wo n't change much ; most immigration is non-eu and much eu migration will continue to happen . 
  the camps at calais will remain . 
  we 'll still argue and have to compromise with other countries over fishing , product standards , market access , banking , how we treat each other 's citizens and companies and so on . 
  even contributions to the budget are likely to still be there . 
  it makes me wonder where the blame will fall next and what the next isolationist steps will be . 
  the employer has to pay 13.8 % from the lower limit to an upper one , and 2 % above that . 
  that 's on top of the contracted salary . 
  in addition they have to deduct 20 % and another 12 % in the ` basic ' band , which they take out of what they pay you . 
  employment is one of the most heavily taxed forms of income here . 
  people tend to assume that employers bear the cost of the first and employees the second , but of course that 's not how economics works ... 
  hmm ... ' i already ate ' is definitely american , and sounds grammatically a bit wrong to me . 
  and i 'm told that the response ' i might have done ' would sound odd to an american . 
  if the book in front of me is accurate , ` this car needs washed ' would be fine in the ohio-pennsylvania border , and ` you might should get a new muffler ' would be ok in texas . 
  it 'd be silly to count it in your contracted hours , unless you 're not going to your contracted workplace . 
  but both pay and hours are different from each side 's perspective . 
  as an employee , you should compare what you earn after all taxes and expenses to how much time you spend , including your travelling and lunch time , to see if your job is attractive . 
  but from the employers perspective those are n't the right numbers . 
  infuriatingly , in the uk and probably elsewhere , your contracted salary is neither what you receive nor what your employer pays ... it 's essentially a legal fiction . 
  it 's an eu referendum , and not a freedom of movement referendum . 
  if there 's a ` leave ' vote then short of a ukip government i 'd expect that freedom of movement would remain , even though what a lot of the ` leave ' voters want and think they 'll get is less immigration . 
  i think that might upset a lot of people . 
  because isis is revolutionary ? 
  they seem to be inexplicably unpopular ( and maybe too many of the people who like the human rights act know it comes from the echr and not the eu ) . 
  the working time directive seems to have been effectively neutered anyway . 
  who has n't got the opt-out form with almost every employment contract they 've received ? 
  they also make a loss on each eu student . 
  they claim it costs 16k per student . 
  they have quite a bit in endowments , but it 's quite variable by college ( tens to a few hundred thousand per student ) and , of course , it 's not there just to fund undergraduates . 
  i used to have a diesel vw with a fuel consumption display i paid attention to . 
  assuming it was n't lying , the best fuel consumption in any given gear was at about the engine idling speed . 
  the best overall was 6th gear at about 30mph . 
  every speed up from there used gradually more . 
  ( not counting slowing down or going downhill , when there was no fuel consumption when in gear ) . 
  i did n't say it was practical  also , i think this may be specific to diesel engines . 
  without the eu , i fear that pan-european decisions on things like trade , movement of people , fish stocks , product standards and so on would revert to the traditional approach . 
  ie , treaties negotiated in secret by ministers and presented for ratification as a fait accompli , like ttip . 
  the eu is at least a step better than that . 
  certainly it needs much better engagement between politicians and public . 
  the public needs to start feeling more like meps are their politicians , and to notice and influence what they do . 
  but without the eu we 'd be left further away from more democratic europe wide agreements and with more opposition than ever to trying to get there . 
  why would you look at the performance of your dividends as anything other than a percentage return on the value of your investment ? 
  the fall in the pound means you 've suffered a capital loss and your investment is now worth less . 
  the lower dividends form the same percentage of this value , assuming they fall only as much as the currency . 
  your investment is no more or less attractive than before . 
  if it was worth keeping before , rather than selling at market price to buy something new , then it 's still worth keeping it now . 
   if the pound is 20 % less , that means the profits declared are less which means that they have to raise prices . 
  it also means the value of their assets in the uk is 20 % less , so their percentage return is the same . 
  besides , if they could have increased their profits by increasing prices they would already have done it at the old exchange rate ... a more likely reason is that british potato farmers are not going to continue to sell to walkers at the old prices if they can sell them abroad for more . 
  easier solution : have each country start taxing dividend and corporate interest payments and capital gains at whatever rate they choose , then use the revenue to abolish corporate taxes entirely . 
  that way income tax bands and allowances can work properly , there 's much less chance for international tax competition and it removes a whole class of expensive tax avoidance and bureaucracy . 
  ... and corporate taxes are mostly paid by employees - as much as 75 % according to some studies , like this one : http://www.sbs.ox.ac.uk/faculty-research/tax/publications/working-papers/direct-incidence-corporate-income-tax-wages, 
  hmm ... does this reason work ? 
  : suppose the rule is that uk car exports to the eu are tariff free providing they meet the origin requirement that 50 % + of parts by value are made either in the uk or eu , and that this can be proven . 
  ( the korean agreement with the eu requires something like 45 % korean parts , iirc ) . 
  currently , 40 % of the value of parts in uk-made cars is uk-made . 
  that might help encourage uk car manufacturers to keep their supply chains integrated with eu suppliers instead of moving more production elsewhere . 
  simultaneously , a reciprocal rule from the uk would probably not be much of a problem - i assume a large portion of eu-made cars ' value is from the eu+uk already , and it would only further encourage manufacturers to stay in the eu . 
  it ( or any agreement ) might also help reduce the increase in car-makers ' costs compared to wto rules , which would be good all round , for consumers and for car-makers . 
  for central london it depends a lot on how close your job is to the particular london station your trains go to . 
  luton to st pancras in central london is 30 miles in 25 minutes , for example . 
  from bishop 's stortford to liverpool street , 36 miles , it 's 40 minutes , and from cambridge ( 60 miles ) it 's 50 . 
  many people in the suburbs of london would take similar times . 
  but if you add a car journey to the station and a tube or bus journey to your office it can be a lot more . 
  and it 's * expensive * - # 2k-6k per year - very crowded and unreliable . 
  40m-1h30 would be a likely sort of range . 
  car is only possible outside central london and preferably outside peak times , but it 's not too bad for some people . 
  i moved away at 21 , after living away during term time from 18 . 
  the reason is simple : graduate jobs suitable for me and the start of my career were in london , my parents were 200 miles away . 
  and my range of jobs was limited because my degree and career were n't related . 
  i was n't rich , nor were my parents - but my salary was enough for a small flat in a dodgy bit of london without needing any financial help from them . 
  that 's less possible now , but many graduates still manage by sharing . 
  the uk is very concentrated around london and for people in some industries there may be no prospect of finding jobs near their parents , especially jobs for new graduates . 
   the uk surprised me being so low , pretty much everyone i know still live at home . 
  housing is unaffordable nowadays since house prices have shot up but wages have stagnated . 
  for people i knew at university the pattern seemed to be to grow up mostly outside london and often outside the south east , go to university away from where they live , then move to london for the high concentration of graduate jobs . 
  after that it seems a lot of people move out of london , either to other jobs or to commute , when they want a house and environment more suitable for a family . 
  i think the economy and skilled jobs may have got more concentrated on london over that time , too . 
  le rosb-off ? 
  it 's not just a question of whether someone is too young - it 's also a question of whether a criminal justice response is useful . 
  at a minimum , sending children to prison for having consensual sex with each other is not obviously a good way to improve child welfare . 
   britain had a current account deficit of 5.9 % - extreme territory for an advanced nation , and struggling with core inflation going comfortably over 2 % . 
  now both of those worries are gone . 
  for now .
