  if trade with the eu drops 20 or 30 % , there 's next to no chance that wo n't happen . 
  even if there were some way to compensate with more trade with everywhere else there 'll be losses in some areas and gains in others - and that 's an unlikely scenario . 
  the wto has thought of that one already . 
  the importer is allowed to increase the tariffs to compensate , turning the subsidy in to a gift to a foreign government . 
   i think people may get angry if there 's no deal and we end up trading under wto terms . 
  the article is about the withdrawal agreement , not a trade agreement . 
  it 's pretty much inevitable there wo n't be a trade agreement within two years . 
  eu citizens have a right of entry and a right to live here if they meet certain conditions - you must be working , looking for work , a student with health insurance or self-sufficient with health insurance . 
  after five years of meeting those conditions continuously you go from being just a resident to being a permanent resident . 
  the application is not for a new status , but for a document certifying a new status you ( in theory ) get automatically . 
  but you must meet those conditions continuously - one day out of work and not looking and not having health insurance and your five years starts again . 
  and the form wants a lot of evidence , especially in the less simple cases such as being self-employed . 
  for example , you must list the dates of every absence from the uk since you arrived . 
  you must include utility bills , council tax bills , bank statements , etc , spread across the time . 
  you must provide tax documents to show when you were working , health insurance documents , and evidence of interview offers from employers and of job applications . 
  the self employed in particular have a very hard time proving they were continuously working for five years . 
  get anything wrong or miss anything out and they 'll refuse your application . 
  i would guess that a lot of people are caught out by supplying evidence which was n't accepted or was inadequate , by not having records ( do you have the dates of every holiday you 've taken ? 
  ) , or by not understanding that the rules are harsher than they first appear . 
  most students and recent students will not be eligible , for example , ( no health insurance ) but a lot of people do n't understand that . 
   almost like it was n't designed for use by most eu citizens . 
  it 's a form asking to certify a status only available to eea citizens and their families , and it 's a status granted as a result of eu rules . 
  it 's also a required step for eu citizens who want to apply for uk citizenship . 
  of course it was designed for eu citizens . 
  what happens to the irish border will have close to no impact on eu immigration because : 1 . 
  only a very small proportion of would-be eu migrants will find living and working illegally in the uk attractive 2 . 
  those who do can simply fly to heathrow or catch a ferry/train - it 's very unlikely the government will require visas for eu tourists ( or that they 'd be very hard to get ) , so simply arrive and overstay . 
  the border issue exists because the uk wishes to leave the customs union , not because of freedom of movement . 
  the government is going beyond what people voted for here , and foolishly so . 
  immigrants already can go via ireland , and end up illegally in the uk . 
  this will broaden to eu immigrants after brexit , but it 's likely they could enter directly without a visa and illegally overstay anyway . 
  the border issue is about trade , not people . 
   i think the fist point is off a little because most commodities such as gold and petroleum are priced in dollars . 
  if country 's only sell products in dollars that means they need to covert and convert back in order to sell . 
  there was a documentary on it a few years back about the dollar and oil , kind of interesting . 
  if you buy 1m barrels of oil from aramco at $ 30/barrel then - even if you decide to exchange pounds for dollars , hand over the dollars , then have the saudis exchange the dollars for riyals - it has no effect whatsoever on the us trade deficit as the two transactions cancel each other out . 
  but , of course , you do n't have to own any dollars at all , except in a calculation . 
  you might , if the direct foreign exchange market for the two currencies is n't good - but all that does for the us is mean that at any one time some small part of its money supply is not being used for exchange within the us economy . 
  they can counteract that by creating a little more . 
   the us has a massive trade deficit and it is tackling the problem head on , if its the correct solution is debatable but that 's up to the americans . 
  its current account deficit is 2.6 % of gdp , compared to 5.4 % for the uk , 2.9 % for mexico and a 1.1 % surplus for the eu . 
   i think the main idea is similar to our own protectionist policy 's , we put up regulations and barriers to protect european goods and make non eu goods noncompetitive , so we keep our jobs and our states keep growing . 
  employment is a slightly different issue . 
  without changing your capital account ( borrowing from abroad , etc ) , trade barriers on imports will reduce your own exports - but if your exports are high-productivity industries with low employment and they 're replaced by domestic production in labour-intensive industries then you can hope to increase your employment without needing to reduce your trade deficit . 
  just do n't bet on it bringing about growth or higher living standards . 
   trump is angry at trade inbalence and is trying to stop billions of dollars leaving his country . 
  those dollars are overwhelmingly not leaving his country . 
  every dollar sold is a dollar bought , and people do n't take their own currency to an exchange and swap them for dollars for no reason . 
  they do it because they want to do something with those dollars , and that something is in the us . 
  saying that the us has a trade deficit is just another way of saying that those dollars are not spent on buying exports . 
  they 're spent on something else . 
  that 's mostly buying us debt and investing in the us . 
  with the us saving 3.4 % of gdp each year ( and a 3.2 % federal government deficit ) , the us relies on foreigners doing exactly that . 
  the us is going to have to save a lot more if it wants to cut its trade deficit - and increasing the government deficit , as donald trump wants to do , is going to further undermine their attempt to do this . 
  without doing that all his trade barriers are going to do is push up the dollar , holding down us exports . 
  i 'm not sure this is really about ` the markets ' ( assuming you mean asset prices ) - it 's not so straightforward to go from financial markets reducing valuations to falls in production . 
  instead this is about predicting that future output , incomes and employment will be harmed , then predicting backwards from that that consumers and businesses will anticipate it and reduce their spending in advance . 
  it 's the last step that has proven to be mistaken . 
  i would n't expect much new to happen when article 50 is triggered , either , simply because everybody already expects it . 
  as i 've [ just posted ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/5vida3/uk_economy_grows_faster_than_thought_bbc_news/de2zo5c/ ) in reply to the same thing in ukpolitics , this may be because growth part-way through a year only increases output for the remainder of the year and not for all of it . 
  0.6 % growth in q2 , for example , means that q3-q4 output was 0.6 % higher than it would have been without the growth ( and q2 output a bit higher , too ) ... but that bit of growth does n't increase whole-year output by 0.6 % because we were still producing at the lower rate in q1 . 
  are there any candidates for speaker who are n't known for being on one side or the other for brexit ? 
  without one , replacing him is n't going to make this problem any better . 
  hmm , maybe it 's jeremy corbyn 's next job ... 
  it 's not really there for making the best possible decisions , though . 
  it 's there to stop people killing each other over them . 
  could be . 
  but i was thinking of a queue of one . 
  we do n't actually need to kick putin 's ass . 
  russians will have to sort that one out themselves one day . 
  what we * do * need is more energy independence from russia and enough defence capability and strong enough societies and institutions to keep the russian state on its own side of its borders . 
  we possibly are at the back of the queue . 
  it 's just that , thanks to trump trade policy , we 're also at the front of the queue . 
  unless he starts his attack on nafta , that is . 
  i ca n't imagine a uk trade agreement being given greater importance than a renegotiation of nafta . 
  the only other time i 've heard of it was when writing some software dealing with eu vat rules - it 's outside the eu vat area , along with mount athos and a few other places . 
  a good place to buy cigarettes and alcohol , it seems . 
  hah ... meanwhile a british company ( first group ) owns american greyhound buses and an awful lot of their yellow school buses . 
  and most brits have no idea . 
  foreign ownership of things where you live is just a lot more noticeable . 
  some people would want to for protectionist reasons . 
  the us restricts the use of foreign products in government procurement for that reason , for example . 
  what could happen here is that the us will say ` it 's unfair for a trade deal to give your medical companies access to the us market when ours do n't have access to yours because it 's dominated by the nhs - so as part of the trade deal we want you to increase the involvement of the private sector in the nhs and let our companies bid ' . 
  what 's not so likely to happen , however , is the us removing it 's restrictions on foreign purchases in government procurement in exchange for us letting us companies bid . 
  if that 's what you 're interested in you should probably look at income statistics instead of production statistics . 
  gdp is the value of everything produced geographically within a country . 
  that includes exports , which provide no gain in living standards domestically because they 're not consumed domestically , and does not include imports , which do . 
  you also need to consider that some people will receive income from investments abroad , and companies and the government will pay some income from domestic production to foreigners . 
  the same applies to borrowing and repayments , remittances , aid , etc. 
   staying in a villa not built for the winter - i was glad i brought jumpers with me !, 
  i stayed in an ordinary portuguese residential flat at christmas - * they * are n't built for winter , either . 
  only a portable gas heater and the odd electric heater , at least in that one . 
  much colder inside than typical houses in the uk . 
  ` efficiency ' for an economy is about how efficiently it turns its resources in to economic wellbeing - and there 's much more to that than just bureaucratic waste and theft ( and even then a great deal of that happens in the private sector as well ) . 
  making the wrong things with your resources is wasteful , even if you produce them very efficiently . 
  an economy that produces no education , no policing , no working courts , no public roads and none of the many other things that only governments can do well is a very inefficient economy . 
  here 's an example of waste in the uk from a lack of government spending : the government will fund flood defences only if they provide # 8 return for every # 1 spent , or more ( it was increased from # 5 in 2014 ) . 
  that 's a highly inefficient use of the country 's resources . 
  here 's a list of esa 's missions : http://www.esa.int/esa/our_missions many are space exploration , but many are for weather , climate , communications and earth observation . 
  these are directly useful - no need to resort to ` new space technology is also useful on earth ' arguments .
