  from http://www.sbs.ox.ac.uk/ideas-impact/tax/publications/working-papers/direct-incidence-corporate-income-tax-wages  our central estimate is that the long run elasticity of the wage bill with respect to taxation is -0.093 . 
  evaluated at the median , this implies that an exogenous rise of $ 1 in tax would reduce the wage bill by 75 cents . 
  we find only weak evidence of a difference for multinational companies . 
  one reason prices are affected is because investment is affected by the reduced returns - less machinery , research , etc. 
  prices are not just set by demand , you know ... 
  most people own stocks . 
  it 's what pensions are based on . 
  unless you 're relying on the state pension or a government pension , expect to be affected by it . 
  you missed the biggest tax dodge : debt . 
  put 100m in to a company as shares and make 10m pa in profits , pay 12.5 % on 10m . 
  put 10m in instead and lend it the other 90m , make the same 10m pa but pay yourself 50 % of it as interest and you 're only taxed on 5m . 
  there 's a way to make it simple and give countries autonomy by removing the tax competition part of it . 
  stop taxing profits and tax the dividend and interest payments companies make from them to your citizens instead . 
  profits-in-country-x are vague , and they can be moved . 
  dividends and interest are not , and few recipients will move . 
  it also stops the destabilising debt preference . 
  sadly , it 's politically difficult . 
  people really do believe that ` companies ' pay the cost of these taxes , not themselves as owners , customers and employees . 
  you think you do n't pay corporate taxes ? 
  you do , through reduced wages , pensions , higher prices and lower dividend income . 
  all taxes ultimately fall on real people . 
  through the mass granting of residency rights , i imagine . 
  and probably by receiving a huge surge in citizenship applications which would previously have just been a pointless expense . 
  probably , although i reckon he 'll get one or two symbolic things , something on benefits , say . 
  the referendum will be a close run thing . 
  he does n't need to address the opinions of the majority of ukippers and he wo n't try , he just needs to get a few waverers across the line and hope for the best . 
  indeed . 
  i do n't think most anti eu voters as a group have much idea , and definitely not consensus , of what would satisfy them except for a couple of things . 
  fewer foreigners making the place look untidy is one , and getting rid of a ( false ) vague sense of an outside dominating entity is the other . 
  the first wo n't happen , in the eu or out , and the second is n't specific enough to do anything about except find something symbolic and pointless . 
  so symbolic it will be ... 
  our water bill halved when we went from a non-metered flat to a metered house . 
  it depends a lot on how much water you use . 
  it 's about # 2 - # 3 per m3 for water + sewerage , i think ... it varies by area . 
  annoyingly , a lot of tenancy agreements will not allow you to change to/from a water meter , so you can get stuck paying more . 
  i think this might be because it 's sometimes not possible to go back to unmetered billing . 
  what if they never leave , and so do n't reenter ? 
  i presume the point is to take a list of people whose visas have expired , subtract the list of people who 've been through the exit checks , and produce a list of people to check up on . 
  and also - possibly mostly - for the politically-sensitive net migration statistics . 
  british workers achieve less in each hour they work , though . 
  there 's a comparison with a handful of other countries in here : http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21646235-if-britain-cannot-get-more-its-legion-cheap-workers-recovery-will-stall-bargain it 's the big reason why real wages here have n't risen . 
  unfortunately , politicians do n't talk about it and the public sometimes interprets it as an accusation that they 're not trying hard enough ( rather than that infrastructure , management , investment , education and so on are n't good enough ) . 
  apparently , a few places in the uk have yellow school buses operated by the same ( british  ) company that 's the biggest operator of yellow school buses in the us . 
  but not many : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_student_uk i always used to walk - half a mile , so anything else would have been silly . 
  others would use a bike , and a few would use buses ( normal buses , but sometimes altered or special routes ) . 
  they should then also make that country remain responsible for your benefits for a year should you leave , then no-one who has continuously worked is left with a gap in cover and governments do n't escape their responsibilities . 
  iirc , this exists to a very small extent . 
  the u.k. at least will pay benefits for three months for people who are claiming contribution based jobseeker 's allowance when they leave for another eu country , as long as they continue to look for work . 
  state pensions are another one where governments look to escape their obligations and refuse to pay out to contributors who move around . 
  yes , but trade agreements impose minimum requirements for a product to count . 
  eg , korea to eu car exports must have 45 % korean parts by value to count under its trade agreement . 
  ( british made cars have about 40 % british parts , for comparison ) . 
  nafta and the euro-mediterranean trade area have similar sorts of rules , varying by product . 
  in some cases you have to add up the percentage of the parts , and the parts of the parts , etc , depending on the cumulation rules . 
  in other cases certain processing steps must be in certain places ( eg , at least two steps for textiles seems to be common ) . 
  without these rules you can undermine agreements by doing the smallest possible last step in the place with the best agreement . 
  with larger trade agreements the requirements apply to the total content from , say , any euro-mediterranean country . 
  so , an agreement between the eu and us can use rules about how much is from the eu , whereas uncoordinated ones might mean that a french export assembled from mostly british and german parts might not count . 
  trade agreements * do * consider the supply chain . 
  the korean-eu one , for example , requires korean car exports to be 45 % korean parts by value . 
  both nafta and the euro-mediterranean trade area have rules which depend on the original of products by value or by processing steps . 
  without these rules you could just import via another country to take advantage of the best agreement . 
  then it 'd be nearly impossible for the different trade agreements not to be the same : any differences would be undermined . 
  this is one reason why bigger trade agreements and customs unions are better ( but not the only one - consider trying to make agreements to reduce subsidies , for example ) . 
  individual agreements would also be problematic . 
  how would a treaty between france and the us treat a product assembled in france from german , spanish , british and dutch components ? 
  there would still be a need to coordinate the separate agreements , and they would cause many more administrative problems for exporters than a unified one . 
   i think people fought for their tribe since the days when we were living in trees . 
  and , indeed , apes still do . 
  in some cases extremely nastily , with the destruction of any out of place foreigner ( or indeed of every infant when a new dominant male takes over , which i think i could safely call genocide ) . 
   tribes grew to settlements , villages , towns , regions , countries . 
  continents . 
  which is quite remarkable , assuming they can be equated . 
  a chimpanzee has strong social relationships with its entire group and i suspect ( not being a chimpanzee expert ... ) anyone unknown is an enemy . 
  growing from tribes to countries requires growing a tolerance of people you have no real social relationship to . 
  maybe nationalism was a way to achieve that , a way to define people you do n't know as in your group and have some reasonable expectation they they will , too . 
  fitting that to a modern world , or at least across europe , where we have laws and social expectations requiring and allowing us to tolerate even foreign people , is a bit more difficult . 
  it has many definitions . 
  it 's when nationalism entails using nationality as your primary way of categorizing an individual , deciding how to treat him , how much his welfare matters and whether he 's ` them ' or ` us ' that i do n't like it . 
  especially for people from around europe and most of the west , i do n't think nationality is bigger and more important than all the other things that make people different . 
  it would be better if people actually answered the question in the referendum rather than voting to leave in the hope he will resign . 
  but they will anyway , whatever he says . 
  probably , but there are other things to worry about . 
  will employers be required to discriminate against them in favour of british citizens , for example . 
  and will access to government services and tax treatment be disadvantaged ? 
  it 'd also make it harder to move away and then move back , or for other family members , such as retired parents coming to help with childcare or becoming frail and needing family help , to move here . 
  you do n't need to be one of the elite to want to invest in the us . 
  if you were , say , a middle class nigerian , would you invest your entire pension fund in the nigerian stock market ? 
  of course not , for the same reasons an american would n't . 
  us stocks are safer . 
  rate of heat energy transfer through the building 's surface is proportional to the difference in temperature ; multiply by time to get total energy . 
  add it up over some period with equal starting/ending temperature . 
  that energy is the total amount of heat the ac/heating has to move in the opposite direction over that time . 
  if the building spends the weekend at a temperature more similar to outside then less energy is transferred out/in , so there 's less energy in total you have to move . 
  of course , if your ac/heating is less efficient if run at full power it 's going to be more complicated , but i still doubt that it 's optimal to leave it on . 
  yes . 
  they 'd be part of the eu-uk agreement and impose the same conditions . 
  otherwise you could transfer goods from the uk to ireland , then freely move them in to the rest of the eu from there bypassing the eu-uk barriers . 
  or uk -  eu -  ireland where that was the better or cheaper way round . 
  for the same reason exports from the uk would have rules to ensure they 're british enough before they can go to the eu under the agreement .
