  taxing shareholders in the jurisdiction where they 're resident is much less vulnerable to tax competition . 
   please explain fairer . 
  how is it fair that a rich company does not pay tax because , from the quotes in jooana 's post :  over all industries , our estimates suggest that a one dollar increase in corporate tax revenue decreases wages by around 60 cents . 
  companies are ultimately proxies for people . 
  in the end , only people can bear the tax burden . 
  the research suggest most of the burden ends up on employees , and only a minority on shareholders or lenders . 
  taxing people directly allows you to target the tax better and more fairly . 
  it reduces the opportunities for avoidance because the amount being taxed and the jurisdiction it 's taxed in are much simpler and clearer ( and harder to change ) . 
  it also allows you to do tax banding , so you can charge richer people higher rates . 
  finally , you can do it as part of the personal tax collection system and eliminate a whole tax bureaucracy handling corporate taxation . 
  it 's not good news at all for those wanting their beloved fall in net immigration to the uk , though ... sounds like it would n't really please anyone . 
  it also would n't be ideal for the uk if there was an increase in protectionism amongst voters just when the trade agreement was being negotiated . 
  that would be several years off , though , so a lot could change by then . 
  policies which divide opinion or affect different groups differently are n't the same thing . 
  i 'm thinking of policies and talk which define or change the definition of groups , change what people think of as important in deciding which groupings matter and attach non-neutral associations to groups . 
  in the uk and probably most of europe , whether or not you 're sikh or jewish is much less important than whether or not you 're muslim . 
  and in the uk whether or not you 're an immigrant has become more important than it used to be , and is defined to include eu and non-eu migrants ( which it might not everywhere ) . 
  a policy of increasing taxes on the poor might divide opinion and affect one group more , but it 's not itself making people the the poor are lazy or criminal or whatever , or make people think of rich vs poor being a more important attribute of a person than it already is . 
  but talking about ` skivers vs strivers ' does , so does constant blaming of stuff on immigrants and so does drawing attention to someone being in a ` bad ' group only in bad contexts . 
  politicians , the media and voters have chosen to make something like immigration status more important as a defining feature of someone and of course the crazies will pick that up and run with it . 
  unfortunately , however you choose to divide people in to favoured and disfavoured groups , there will always be some crazies , teenaged gangs and criminals who will pick it up , take it further and make it violent . 
  illegal migration seems to be a civil offence in france ( and usually treated as one in the uk , too ) . 
  it does n't make them criminals . 
  breaking through fences , jumping on lorries and so on on the other hand ... 
  the uk accepts about 40 % of eritreans , vs 90 % eu average , because it does n't accept that they have indefinite conscription whereas other countries do . 
  that 's a clear example showing that eu countries behave differently , whether the rules are the same or not . 
  overall acceptance rates also vary , though that 's harder to draw conclusions from . 
  it 's murky , but if he was not safe it was because he might have been deported to the us . 
  that 's the same situation eritreans face in some european countries who do not accept that their indefinite conscription , lasting sometimes decades , is persecution . 
  that 's not directly relevant to calais as the countries involved appear to be the uk and denmark and i mention it only because it 's the one i know . 
  you 'd have to be much more familiar than i am with asylum in the eu to rule it out for people entering britain from france , but i 'm sure that policies on the state of origin countries will indeed differ between the two . 
  their source does , though . 
  it says poorer households spent more on things subject to tax . 
  the last diagram shows a breakdown and shows a little more spent on vat by the top households than the bottom , but less on other indirect taxes such as tobacco and fuel taxes . 
  i did n't say it was legitimate to move on for economic reasons , and certainly not that we should welcome it - just that it 's not proof of non-persecution in the home country , and that moving onwards is n't even definitive proof of having an economic motive . 
  imagine you claim you 're threatened with a death sentence for being openly gay in a country , get to france then get across to the uk because you 're more likely to find a job and speak english . 
  that last step may be unwanted for someone in britain and something to try to prevent , but is not evidence you were not threatened with death . 
  similarly , if you somehow ended up in russia i 'd imagine they 're less likely to accept your claim , given the less tolerant attitutudes to homosexuality , and you might prefer to move on . 
  that makes you an asylum seeker who moved from one country to another , but not for ( purely ) economic reasons . 
  the logic behind the original claim that it 's proof you 're an economic migrant and that it 's proof you have no genuine claim for asylum does n't work . 
  imagine you 're a ( genuinely ) persecuted refugee . 
  what if you have a better chance of being safe because the new country 's asylum system is more likely to accept that you 're persecuted ? 
  sometimes countries refuse to accept that certain abuses exist because they do n't want to meet their obligation to accept asylum seekers . 
  and whilst i 'm certain many or most asylum seekers in nw europe ( especially , say , syrian ones who are very likely to be accepted anywhere ) choose to try to reach a country for economic reasons , it 's no evidence at all that someone would be safe in his home country , and suggestive but certainly not proof that he did it for economic reasons . 
  either way it might be grounds to send them back to a safe country if the previous country will accept them and process the claim , but not to deny asylum because of it . 
  hmm , that disagrees with the article which says the controls most affect cross-channel crossings . 
  mine was n't checked in 98 when i went by coach . 
  it was barely checked on the way back - they were going to wave it through on the driver 's promise everyone was british until a pole , then non-eu ( but with a student visa ) , shouted out . 
  even then they let all the british people back in with only a wave of the front cover . 
  ah - the government link i gave says the checks were initially limited , then scrapped entirely in 98 . 
  making ferry and train companies liable is , i 'm sure , what they 'll do . 
  i suspect they 'll just get charged and fined a lot when people hide in trains and vehicles , as the lorry drivers do . 
  i 'm now imagining the french policemen sitting and teaching the migrants how to speak english with a british accent . 
  ` well , zis one , he sound like one of yours ' would go down so well in the daily mail . 
  the u.k. did n't check passports on departure until 2015 : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-32205970 the u.k. government only mentions data gathering as the reason for introducing it , not preventing people leaving : https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/exit-checks-on-passengers-leaving-the-uk/exit-checks-fact-sheet airlines do n't accept people without travel documents because they 're liable for returning people . 
  i do n't think there 's any norm requiring exit controls by governments . 
  would that work with , say , kurds ( turkey/syria/iraq ) ? 
  or pashto ( afghanistan/pakistan/iran ) ? 
  would it even work reliably with basques or northern/southern irish ? 
  as for africa , it has 1-2 thousand languages including many language groups which cross borders : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_africa#/media/file%3aafrica_ethnic_groups_1996.jpg err ... good luck . 
  you 've come up with * a * reason they might come to the uk and then claimed that must be why they came , dismissing the possibility that there might be other ones you do n't know about . 
  that is not proof . 
  consider edward snowdon not seeking asylum in hong kong and going to russia instead . 
  did that make him an economic migrant , rather than a political migrant/fleeing criminal , depending on view ? 
  they 're not safe if the french government has a history of deporting people to a country which will oppress or kill them , for example ( as the uk does with eritreans , for instance ) . 
  and , even if they 're safe , there could be many reasons other than economic ones , such as family reasons . 
  finally , the existence of those reasons , including economic ones , does n't show they 're safe in their home country and not eligible for asylum at all , in france , the u.k. , italy or wherever . 
  it 's quite possible to be a fleeing opposition activist with a political death sentence who would also like to be in a country where he has more chance of getting a job . 
  do n't different countries have different ideas of how safe particular origin countries are and have different asylum acceptance rates for each origin ? 
  even if a migrant wanting to risk his life coming to the uk combined with a lower employment rate vs france is suggestive for you , i do n't think you could call it proof if you ca n't find and eliminate all the other likely reasons . 
  gibraltar  i think that might technically not be in the uk , though . 
  i do n't think anywhere in the uk proper would have water you could call warm - not over 20c , anyway . 
   is blackpool supposed to be a seaside resort ? 
  it was , before air travel and especially after railways reached it ... it was very popular indeed . 
  i ca n't see any foreign tourists wanting to visit - if you 're getting on an aeroplane you might as well go to southern europe or to a city like prague . 
  at best it might be an alternative to a weekend in one of the cheaper european cities , but only for people who already live nearby . 
  even then , i 'd personally choose the lake district or peak district , both also in the north-west . 
  the tuc is a union organisation so it 's worth remembering they may prefer to show it in a bad light . 
  also , i 'm not sure but it looks like housing costs including imputed rent are included in their deflator . 
  obviously that remains bad for non-home owners , but it will exaggerate the change in circumstances for some people who owned houses in 2007 . 
  still represents a shift in income , though , from salary to return on capital ... 
  but not pensions . 
  looks like pension income might have risen , especially state pension ( and , of course , ` real wage growth ' does n't include pensions ) . 
  i 'd assume greece , the other country in red , has not seen rising pension incomes or falling pensioner poverty . 
  i 'm thinking of the uk , but it should be the same across berne convention countries . 
  where the term relates to the author 's lifespan ( which it does n't for some things ) it 's always the original author - that 's you , even if you 're an employee ( although the copyright will probably immediately transfer ) . 
  i assumed you were suggesting changing that . 
  i do n't think that helps . 
  if you 're writing a book or some music you would just have to set up a company and sign a contract with it and you could extend your copyright . 
  ( at present it remains relative to the lifetime of the author , even if a business subsequently gets the copyright - including if the author is an employee ) . 
  there 's often more to a website than logos and trademarks . 
  would your ordering system , or visualization system , or design-your-own-widget-to-order system or whatever it is suddenly be out of copyright ? 
  it 's not straightforward ... imagine you commissioned a web site for your business , and the designer died in an accident a week later . 
  should your competitors be able to copy the content ? 
  maybe works should not be commissioned from elderly creators ? 
  ip rights do a lot of things in a lot of places , from books to private papers intended not to be published to films to performances to drugs ... and covering every case well is very hard . 
  you 're right , it 's just interest . 
  people who own the house they live in get no tax deduction for the mortgage at all . 
  they used to , long ago , but not now . 
  at the moment a landlord pays personal income tax at 20 % , 40 % or 45 % on the rent minus some costs and mortgage interest .
