  weather prediction is an example of something that has saved countless lives and enormous amounts of property . 
  i doubt anyone questions the return on investment of that . 
  here 's another example of space being useful ( though i 've no idea if it 's specifically esa ) : http://www.telespazio-vega.com/~/media/files/t/telespazio-vega/products%20and%20sevices/london%20map/london-map_millenium-dome.jpg?h=342&amp;w=550 that comes from radar on satellites being used to measure very small ground movements - it 's not hard to see how useful that could be when you think of construction , mining , landslides , railways , pipelines and so on . 
  tariff-free trade is not the free movement of goods , though . 
  the single market and free movement of goods means that british goods do n't need to be checked at the border to ensure they meet eu standards and do n't contain too many non-eu/non-uk parts . 
  that will no longer be true after brexit . 
  it may be hard to have tariff-free trade , but it 's not so completely impossible . 
  wto rules require the eu to charge the uk the same tariffs until there 's a comprehensive trade agreement covering most trade . 
  so its inevitable there 'll be tariffs until that 's completed . 
  even after that it 's a bit naive to imagine it 's easy to get no tariffs at all . 
  a complete lack of tariffs can undermine regulation ( if you can buy products from a country without them , and there are always particular groups who demand protection from their politicians . 
  maybe it 'll happen , but there 'll be no shortage of political pressure from this or that industry/union/pressure group to use tariffs for their own particular wishes . 
   yes , cheap currency or protectionism ( by high customs tarrifs ) helps to strengthen domestic production and employment . 
  is n't it a bit more complicated than that ? 
  for example : * high tariffs may reduce imports and make the currency more expensive , so they can directly reduce your exports * tariffs may prevent your industry importing and using the best equipment or services , reducing their productivity * ... they may also reduce the range and degree of specialization of the inputs you use because your suppliers have a smaller market * tariffs reduce competition and protect high-price or low-quality suppliers ( think of the corn laws ) * tariffs can limit the scale of your own producers , giving your consumers more expensive products produced at lower productivity what it 'd do to employment i do n't know , but i doubt very much that the value of the uk 's production would be higher than otherwise . 
  russian elites * do * care about oil and gas , though - it 's much easier for them to control a large pool of natural resources and large , heavy industry attached to them than it is to control an economy that looks more like western europe . 
  i notice that one of the cep 's reports on brexit estimated a 1-2 .3 % short term fall in average household incomes if the uk unilaterally removed all tariffs , vs a 1.3 % fall for keeping full access to the single market . 
  ( their long-term cost estimates are much bigger , but do n't consider the ` drop all tariffs ' option : http://cep.lse.ac.uk/pubs/download/brexit02.pdf ) ... but given that a big reason for the vote was that people hoped they would gain from protectionism in the labour market , it seems over-optimistic that less protectionism in product markets will be much wanted - especially when incomes start falling and labour market protectionism fails to work . 
   i think he 's intending to changing nafta rules to increase the requirement up from 35 % made in america/rules of origin to 65 % . 
  if it is written into the treaty it wont break wto rules . 
  i thought nafta origin requirements say things like ` this product qualifies under nafta if at least x % is made within nafta ' , so percentages within certain countries are n't involved and increasing the percentage would n't straightforwardly help the us . 
  what sort of rule did you have in mind , here ? 
   the only beneficiary are large corporations and the loser is the lowest income worker in the richer country . 
  its just incentivised labour arbitrage . 
  low wage workers in mexico and consumers in the us also benefit . 
  it also creates trade in the other direction ... remember , if the us tried to import everything without exporting more , the exchange rate would pretty quickly end up eliminating that wage difference . 
  finally , given the net benefits of trade , it 's not inevitable that the lowest paid in the us suffer because of it - especially if there 's political will to compensate them through tax and welfare measures . 
  a special higher duty for mexico would presumably be against wto rules , though i assume he could try to rewrite nafta to increase the duty to what the us charges for imports from elsewhere ( which seems to be 2.5 % for cars and 25 % for trucks : https://www.cbp.gov/trade/basic-import-export/importing-car ) of course , he could just break the wto rules , since he 'll be inviting retaliation either way . 
  not just that , but also that it changes people 's idea of what 's important , of how society should be broken down in to groups , the size , scale and impact of social groups , of how much conflict there is and between whom , of what other people 's opinions are and so forth . 
  it changes how people see the social landscape as much as what people think is actually happening in this or that specific story . 
  the salary difference is something like 12 % more for the most attractive people - and it works for both men and women . 
  from what i remember , it also goes along with higher compensation received/lower paid in court cases , lower sentences on conviction and more votes in elections . 
  then there 's the ` frizzy wig ' experiment every psychology student will know - which shows people caring more about the opinions of an attractive person ( actually the same person with/without a wig ) . 
  funding has n't been increased in line with demand ( partly because the population is getting older as well as larger ) , and funding for caring for the elderly in their homes has been cut meaning that hospitals are full of people who ca n't go home because they wo n't be able to wash , eat , etc. 
  the government came to power promising cuts and a falling deficit , but promising to ` protect ' the nhs . 
  that 's why social care has been cut despite putting even larger costs on hospitals . 
  the nhs budget was n't cut , but it has n't been rising enough ( and many hospitals now have large deficits ) . 
  it 's not helped by people going to hospitals when they should make an ordinary doctor 's appointment , but that in turn is partly because you have to wait too long for the appointments ( and they 're also very short ) . 
  it 's what happens with referendums - unlike an election , the two sides do n't have to put together a coherent package of promises that they may be called on to actually implement . 
  iirc , the us diplomatic people say it takes six months of full time study for an english speaker to learn the most similar languages , like dutch , and more for german or a slavic language . 
  it would be very expensive for free courses to provide anything close to that amount of tuition and i 'd imagine it would n't happen . 
  so the only way to learn would be if the learners were prepared to also spend an enormous amount of time learning for themselves . 
  it 'd be all to easy for a requirement to attend courses to be a political symbol that 's not actually useful , and also to be imposed on many people who are already speaking or learning perfectly well by themselves . 
  it 'll depend a bit on whether it 's well and genuinely implemented or used just as a roadblock or political symbol . 
  it 's regrettably easy to imagine the classes being inadequate for people who do n't know english whilst also having a lot of good english speakers who have no need to be there but have been forced in to it . 
  just think of the sort of thing the unemployed can get stuck with by jobcentres with targets to meet . 
  it 's about 3 % of the ticket price for profits , though . 
  much as we might wish to not pay it and much as richard branson does n't need any more yachts , changing only that is not going to transform our railways . 
  it 'd take much more . 
  i mean that exactly which of those many possible causes is present is not important to whether the argument works or not . 
  i do n't mean that any of those problems is unimportant to people 's lives . 
    you can now buy an expensive product from italy , or get the same product cheap from germany . 
   what ? 
  how does the currency have to do with anything in this case ? 
  especially since italy has lower wages and cost of living compared to germany , with the two countries sharing the same currency products should be cheaper from italy . 
  it could happen like this : imagine two countries , one with some bias towards high inflation ( this could be different law , different unions , different business or political culture - it 's not important ) . 
  with two currencies , one will experience high inflation and the other low inflation . 
  the exchange rate will continuously adjust to counteract the inflation , keeping the relative purchasing power of the two countries the same over time ( except for other factors affecting it , of course ) . 
  now put them in a currency union like the euro . 
  prices in the high inflation country are likely to continue to rise , or at least try to . 
  so , the relative purchasing power of a euro between those countries changes over time - it falls over time in the high inflation country . 
  ( i 'm not saying it 's necessarily lower in the high inflation country , just that the ratio of the value in the two countries is changing where it was previously static ) . 
  from what i remember there is evidence of differing inflation rates actually happening , though it 's not actually conclusive that this is the reason . 
  it 's actually quite hard to find euro area inflation broken down by country . 
  so , with prices too high in the high inflation country , less is bought in that country and more from the low inflation countries . 
  this would cause all the euros to drain out of that country eventually , leaving it with no money . 
  that did n't / does n't happen as a result of flows going the other way ( you could argue that these flows are part of what allow the difference in inflation to have persisted for a long time pre-crisis in the first place ) . 
  those flows can be housing loans ( think of spain ) , government borrowing ( greece ) or perhaps target2 balances , for example . 
  these flows represent current account ( trade plus some extras ) deficits . 
  it 's not hard to imagine that when those incoming flows stop there 's likely to be a big fall in local money supply , in spending and a recession . 
  the ony way to undo the accumulated purchasing power imbalance is through falling ( or much more slowly growing ) prices and wages in the previously high inflation country , or rising ones in the low inflation one . 
  before the euro these differences were known and there was talk of ` forced convergence ' - ie , countries being forced to adopt a lower inflation culture . 
  i would n't wish to say this theory of how it might work is correct or how good the evidence is - but it 's what he 's talking about , it makes logical sense and is something to take seriously . 
  the difference is large and important . 
  criminal law is used for punishment ( think of theft , murder or speeding ) . 
  civil law is used for orders , damages , etc ( think of inheritance , landlords/tenants , much to do with intellectual property , etc ) . 
  burdens of proof and procedures are often different ( no juries , for example ) . 
  and a record of civil offences is much less likely to affect your rights or employment later . 
  i 'm not remotely familiar with french law , or all that much with uk law , but it 's unlikely you could be sentenced , sent to prison or possibly even arrested for a civil offence in france . 
  there might be other kinds of detention available , like immigration detention pending deportation following a deportation order , but it wo n't be so freely available to the police . 
  here 's the article that made me think it at least was n't a criminal offence in france - it describes this fact as stopping the police from detaining illegal immigrations merely because of their immigration status : http://www.france24.com/en/20120706-police-lose-automatic-power-detain-illegal-immigrants-france-court, 
   accessing one 's nationality is not that difficult when you have translators that can distinguish dialects from specific regions . 
  whilst it might give you the right answer much of the time , i 'm not too sure that 's strong enough to be acceptable in a legal process with such dramatic results . 
  consider , for example , people who illegally cross a border with their parents whilst very young . 
  i believe some mexicans who grew up in the us and do n't speak spanish have been deported because of this . 
  then consider that languages and borders do n't always line up - and much more so in africa than europe . 
  there are something like 2,000 languages in africa . 
  in europe there used to be a ` continuum ' of languages where everyone might understand someone from the next village but not 20 villages away . 
  formal education systems imposing the learning of national languages stopped that - are african education systems good enough and unversal enough to produce crisp borders ? 
  even in the middle east , can you tell an iraqi kurd speaking kurdish from a syrian one ? 
  can you tell even if that kurd had emigrated between the two twenty years ago ? 
  could you convince a court that you could ? 
  it seems like you could make a claim that 's a good first guess , but even if you 're right would often be wide open to having holes picked in it . 
   the crime is being in france illegally are you sure ? 
  it 's often a civil offence , not a crime , and a quick search suggests that was the case in france in 2012 . 
  has it changed ? 
  seems a bit unreasonable towards , say , the stateless , or towards political opposition figures who have had their passports unfairly removed by a hostile government . 
  and someone in a beseiged , rebel-held city is probably not going to be able to apply for one before taking their chance to run away , either . 
  sometimes it 's ` leave now or die ' . 
  documents may simply not be available .
