  appropriate knife + picnic may be ok ... but do n't separate them , you could be guilty of a serious offence . 
  i suspect a lot of people do n't take this seriously because it seems so silly and ` but i 'm not a criminal , so why does it apply to me ? 
  ' ... but it comes with sentences up to four years . 
  not something to mess with . 
  by the public and by some politicians in public , yes . 
  but in private the politicians and diplomats are more likely to understand when an agreement is worth leaving alone , and when it 's so bad it 's worth undermining it , quietly breaking parts of it , renegotiating it or leaving it . 
    macron now wants to reduce corporate taxes   this sounds , meh . 
  what kind of solidarity is this , if we 're gon na disturb the income equality even more ? 
  if corporate taxes are replaced with taxes on personal income from dividends , corporate bonds and capital gains then the income tax bands can be used to make sure that richer people pay more . 
  not everyone with these things is rich , many may simply be saving for a pension or buying insurance . 
  it 's also cheaper to collect , almost immune to international tax competition and is harder to avoid ( because the tax domicile is much clearer ) . 
  the main advantage of corporate tax is that who the cost falls in is so opaque that most voters think it 's paid for by someone else . 
  i do n't think that 's a good thing . 
  maybe the airlines will lease one to you for $ 10/hour . 
  or maybe $ 20 . 
  it would be somewhat out of character for the air industry to fail to profit from the misery of its customers . 
  still , books exist , which is nice . 
   let 's cut to the chase here , the uk does n't want eastern europeans flooding the country anymore . 
  it 's one of the major reasons why the leave campaign won . 
  it 'll make no difference if eu citizens could fly direct to the uk visa-free for visits - as , for example , brazilians and namibians can . 
  the eu will push back hard if the uk tries to have different rules for different countries . 
  they 're already threatening to do that with the us , and the uk is in a more vulnerable position with large eu states like poland likely to consider the rights of their citizens as important in the brexit negotiations . 
  in any case , the number of people who would migrate illegally is much smaller than those who would do it legally . 
  it 's simply not worth going to any great cost over . 
   one can live rather comfortably undocumented in the uk as the government pretty much does not register a damn thing . 
  i reckon it 'd be quite tempting . 
  that 's a bizarre thing to think . 
  no access to legitimate banking , housing or jobs is not tempting for all but a tiny number of people - especially when the rest of the eu is available . 
   there is no need to keep this post brexit . 
  apart from the whole ` making life better for people who want to move around the uk and ireland ' thing . 
  why trash something that benefits a big group of people , sometimes a very great deal , when there 's really no reason to ? 
  if the uk allows visa-free visits for all eu citizens then the common travel area makes little difference . 
  there 'd simply be no point in an eu citizen wishing to migrate illegally going to ireland and crossing the border . 
  he might as well just fly direct and overstay . 
  the customs border is the problematic part . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  criminal north africans might have been a better example . 
  yes . 
  but that does n't mean that voters see immigration as an issue as being ` the exact same ' as refugees . 
  maybe they do in germany , maybe they do where you live , but in the uk stopping all movements of refugees in to the country would not satisfy the anti-immigration sentiment . 
  people moving around for all reasons is unpopular . 
  not in the uk . 
  i 've no doubt that criminal syrians in germany have greatly tarnished the reputation of immigrants to the uk by pure word association , but in places there 's also an unfortunate image of immigrants being polish labourers living ten to a house , working for nothing and sending all their money home . 
  there 's no doubt people have dumped blame on immigration and that it 's harmed labour - but it 'll be even more ` interesting ' to see what happens when restrictions on immigration , especially eu immigration , do nothing to improve matters for most ordinary people . 
  real incomes are going to struggle in the uk as brexit brings cost increases , reductions in competition and productivity and more expensive imports . 
  tax revenues and borrowing capacity are going to be lower , too - and for those bottom 10 % whose incomes * are * affected by migration , changes in taxes , government services and benefits have been far larger . 
  the result wo n't be ` oops , maybe we should backtrack a bit ' , it 'll be ` that 's because you have n't done enough or done it properly ; we demand more ' . 
  i would be unsurprised if trade protectionism is the next step . 
  let 's hope a different narrative arrives before * that * one fails . 
  private bedrooms , baths , a freezer and kitchen each and space for your wife and family might be a bit of a hint , too . 
  in any case , what 's the point of trying to argue against a better system because there 's one well-known method of fraud that continues to work ? 
  far more non-micro businesses will engage in large-scale legal corporate tax avoidance than in large-scale tax crime . 
  there are problems with differing tax rates on different goods - as the ` the ebook ( though originally cheaper ) was actually more expensive than the paper book , due to the difference in vat . 
  it 's ridiculous . ', 
  comment from / u/jacquesopper demonstrates . 
  it 's the textbook equity vs efficiency thing : imagine a cheap-to-produce product that people like a lot , and an expensive-to-product product that people like less . 
  swap the prices around by enough with a tax and you 'll get your economy using * more * of its resources to deliver a product that provides * less * value to people . 
  it 's inefficient . 
  so there 's argument for keeping the rates equal , not raising too much via vat and then using income tax rates to compensate . 
  ( differences also make it a pain in the arse to calculate . 
  how many hours have been wasting re-explaining the difference between 0 % and exempt items , or working out the vat on a delivery charge for a delivery with items of different rates , or getting a billing system to deal with all the random places in the eu that are outside the eu vat area ... ), 
  the article is n't clear on whether this is deporting moroccans to morocco or people who are n't moroccan . 
  the later part of the article seems to imply it 's moroccans . 
  and in that case i would assume they remain free to move around and live anywhere in morocco , just like any other moroccan . 
  in which case no , it 's not what australia has been doing . 
  australia detains them in prison camps in a country they have no connection to . 
  this - taxing the dividend and interest payments companies make using the personal tax system - is not only a very good idea to prevent companies avoiding tax by moving profits , it also prevents the much bigger form of avoidance which is debt . 
  set up a company making $ 10m/year by investing $ 100m in shares and you 'll pay corporate tax on your entire $ 10m return . 
  lend it $ 90m at 10 % interest and you 'll pay it on $ 1m . 
  there would be a lot less company debt if this did n't work - and a lower risk of waves of bankruptcies , too . 
  that 's not to mention that it 's much cheaper to calculate and allows the personal tax bands to be used to make sure the rich pay more . 
  it is n't 306m for 2002-2015 . 
  it 's 306m in additional to however much they 've already paid , which the journalist ca n't be arsed to tell us . 
  in any case it 's not the size and growth of the whole of google that matters , it 's the size and profit of google in italy that matters . 
  having to allocate profit to countries is one of the weak bits of the corporate tax system and is always going to invite manipulation . 
  it 's referring to an additional payment for that time span , in addition to what they 've already paid . 
  to know whether it 's a joke or not you 'd need to go and find out both how much they 've already paid and some information on how much they earn there ( which the journalist obviously either could n't or could n't be bothered doing ) . 
  this payment seems to be the result of a dispute over how much profit was really made in the country over that period . 
  this is one of the many big weaknesses of the traditional corporate tax system : ` profit from activities within a geographical area ' is not only subject to manipulation , but ill-defined enough that certainty is hard to find even if there is n't any manipulation . 
  saudi arabia had over 50 % of gdp in exports a few years ago , and it 's still 33 % . 
  a quick look at a list of exports as a percentage of gdp should be enough to convince yourself that high exports is n't a good explanation . 
   if the uk needs 15 years of tarifs , quotas and other economics disturbance to understand that it is no match against the eu , 27 countries , then so be it . 
    at some point their population will be fed up , will vote for a pro-eu party , accept all eu 's conditions and pay up what it owe , plus the interest . 
  much as i think the uk should rejoin as soon as possible , i do n't think that 's how populations work . 
  people are very sensitive to things like status and pride and would sooner gnaw their own feet off than accept defeat in the face of something seen as aggression . 
  if that 's the goal then the eu would need to dodge the blame and come out looking benevolent and welcoming , not as an aggressor , whilst the conservatives come out looking like they 're only using brexit to push their own anti-pleb agenda . 
  people need to be able to say ` it 's the brexiters fault , not mine and not the eu 's ' . 
  that 'll be a tough thing to do . 
   or nuremberg instead of n\u00fcrnberg , which i dunno , i think they just got that one wrong . 
  english ` r ' 'n' ` b ' means articulating with your lips , then with your tongue against your palate , then with your lips again . 
  ` r ' 'm ' ` b ' is all with your lips . 
  and you can go from 'm ' to ` b ' in one movement . 
  i would guess that german ` r ' and 'n' are much closer together . 
  and , in english ( in england ) , without the ` e ' the ` r ' would disappear as it does in ` cornbread ' . 
  the spelling change does n't seem too surprising if it follows the pronunciation . 
  the eu could respond economically by , say , limiting or eliminating the privacy shield agreement . 
  it could equally further strengthen eu privacy rules and their enforcement against us tech companies in the eu , despite us objections . 
  responses in those areas certainly do n't seem implausible , so i do n't believe only an iran or north korea could respond . 
  it 's just a question of whether the eu thinks privacy from foreign states is important enough . 
  but the four freedoms * is * what this is about ( or one of them , anyway ) .
