  most of the burden of the tax is not paid even by shareholders and bondholders in general , never mind specifically rich ones . 
  most is borne by employees , via lower salaries , rather than shareholders via lower dividends . 
  the research i link to in my other comment estimates 75 % incidence on employees , for example . 
  one reason for that is that if returns fell relative to other places then investors would invest somewhere else ( or in mortgages , loans , government debt etc ) , thus forcing companies to work with less capital and so lower profit per employee . 
  another is that it reduces productivity growth because it reduces investment . 
  but , still , if you really wanted a country could still tax the payments when made to non-residents . 
  you 'd have all the avoidance and tax competition problems back again , but not worse than now . 
  an employer could shift some of the * incidence * of a tax to an employee , if the labour market conditions allow it , even though the tax charge itself is still made by them . 
  the whole point of the concept of a tax 's incidence is that it 's about where the burden goes after such things . 
  over half of the * incidence * of corporate taxes falls on employees , according to most of research on it . 
  wikipedia has an article on it and why this sort of thing happens to different degrees in different places : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_incidence, 
  you and your employer negotiate it . 
  you may want more because of your taxes , and pass some on to your employers ' shareholders or customers . 
  but you do n't get it all your own way . 
  if employers are taxed it 's quite possible they 'll pass some of that on to you - especially if that tax has reduced how profitable it is to employ you and others . 
  that appears to be the case with most corporate tax . 
  corporate taxes reduce wages . 
  it 's necessary to distinguish between actually making the tax payment and who pays the cost of it . 
  e.g. , suppose i 'm a widget seller , you 're a widget buyer and a widget tax is introduced paid by the seller . 
  but let 's say i 'm the only widget seller and you ca n't do without them ... so i put my price up and you end up paying nearly all the tax . 
  companies are responsible for making the payment . 
  but all taxes ultimately fall on a real person - probably a shareholder , bondholder , employee , customer or a supplier . 
  the research on corporate taxes suggests that something like 75 % of the incidence ( and in most cases more than half ) falls on employees . 
  this post is good and contains some references on this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/50v8z4/starbucks_amazon_pay_less_tax_than_a_sausage/d77l3i1 and i can add this which estimates 75 % of the incidence on employees : http://www.sbs.ox.ac.uk/faculty-research/tax/publications/working-papers/direct-incidence-corporate-income-tax-wages employees pay more than income tax , at least here . 
  they also pay national insurance , an extra 25 % ish at the standard tax band 's rates ( some formally paid by the employer , some by the employee ) . 
  employment is one of the most heavily taxed forms of income . 
   i do find this situation frustrating but i 'm not sure what can be done . 
  as he does n't earn anything which is covered by uk tax then what is there for him to pay ? 
  the uk taxes its nearly all of its residents on their worldwide income , like most countries ( but with discounts applied for tax paid to other governments ) . 
  if i had earnt the income he does in the british virgin islands or russia or wherever it is , i would have to pay tax to the british government on it . 
  he does not . 
  he has a special status available only to a few people - if you 're uk born with a uk born father you almost certainly wo n't get it unless you 're not resident here , but you can actually inherit the status from your father if not . 
  he probably has to pay the # 60k annual fee for it , depending on how much time he has spent here , but in exchange for an enormous tax reduction compared to normal people 's rates . 
  it 's this special status - living here but not resident for tax - that 's controversial . 
  why not tax the interest and dividends companies pay instead , based on their shareholders ' / bondholders ' jurisdiction ? 
  that way most of the competition element is removed , tax bands for different income levels can be used , the amount to be taxed is much less arguable , it does n't intrude on national sovereignty and it makes sure the right people are taxed instead of it mostly falling on already heavily taxed employees . 
  german imports from the uk may also fall , and german exports may displace some uk exports to the rest of the eu . 
  what 's inevitable is that trade and business costs will go up as it becomes more expensive , more time consuming and less reliable to move goods , services and people in and out of the uk . 
  that 's going to cost everyone money , including germans who buy uk products . 
  maybe not proportionately a lot , maybe percents ( or maybe more ) , but that still adds up to a lot . 
   fill up your car with explosive containers . 
  how explosive are gas containers ? 
  near-empty them so they have a mix of gas and air in the right proportions and they 'll explode , but then you do n't have much gas to do the exploding . 
  fill them with explosives and they 'll explode , but you 'd think the reports would mention that ( and one talked about one canister being empty , suggesting the others are full of gas ) . 
  if there had been a detonator/small explosive device next to them then maybe that could puncture them and start a big fire . 
  but could it actually cause an explosion ? 
  and is n't puncturing them quite hard ? 
  as bomb plots go , it seems to lack both any decent plotting and any actual bomb . 
   you get you never start negotiations with a realistic offer right ? 
  hmm ... i though negotiations , at this level anyway , would never start with an offer at all , nor would they be a market-stall style of offers and counteroffers . 
  i thought they would attempt to establish principles which the final agreement should be based on . 
  that 's what basic courses on negotiation seem to start by teaching . 
  however , as i understand it , parties do sometimes try to influence the negotiations by doing things like publicly committing themselves to things in advance . 
  that might may threats more credible , for example , by making it harder for them not to carry through with them . 
  since no negotiations have started yet i 'd imagine that now is the stage where that would happen . 
  or like someone who has been stealing gas cylinders . 
  i assume you 'd need to replace the contents of gas cylinders with explosives for them to become bombs , so quoting the comment about the lack of a detonating device seems a bit ill-though-through . 
  it 's quite possible for the uk to be a net contributor whilst still benefitting by much more than its contributions - from trade , from european food security , from immigrants , from infrastructure its companies and citizens use elsewhere , from cross-border cooperation on standards , law-enforcement , science , weather prediction , from its citizens ability to work and retire in the rest of the eu , etc. 
  it * should n't * be hard to win , although i can see it might actually be . 
  not only are few people going to resign and then contest their own resignation in court , especially when there 's nothing but financial loss for doing it , it 'll look even more implausible when you put it together with statements from all the other pregnant women it 's happened to at the same employer . 
  i suspect it 's still not an answer . 
  it implies having a court system that works , and does so at reasonable cost and in reasonable time and that provides a level of compensation employers would actually care about having to pay ( i assume that reinstatement would n't be too great from the woman 's point of view ... ) . 
  and it also requires that employers do n't then refuse to employ you and your witnesses in future because you brought the case . 
  the electronic resignation letters are a good idea - but employers/managers ( or anyone else ) who ask employees to sign blank letters like that should also be investigated by the state and imprisoned for forgery . 
  i 'm sure resignations are not the only thing that the trick could be used for . 
  you could write a very expensive contract or loan agreement there , for example - or something that gives you grounds to terminate the employment . 
   we 'll see , if by the time i retire the state still has a national security system i ca n't see how your children would had any input about my pension . 
  pensions mostly work in two ways : * by using law and politics to set up continuing transfers from younger people to older ones - state pensions * by people gradually taking control of assets - companies , infrastructure , housing , whatever - throughout their life , then both selling them on to a later generation doing the same , and taking income from them in the form of return on capital . 
  without a later generation even this second form fails domestically - there 's no-one to sell your assets to , no-one to employ in the companies you own or to be tenants in our houses , and no-one to make the things you 'd buy with the money . 
  so , i suppose , what you need to do is take control of exclusively foreign assets somewhere with a higher birthrate - canada , say - and use those instead . 
  ( in practice i 'd say you 'd be crazy to put all your pension assets in one country anyway , even if you live there ) . 
   as i read that link part of the corporate tax reduction pays for itself . 
  does that mean that the rest will come out of increased tax on wages and vat ? 
  yes , both because some of what 's not taken as corporation tax becomes someone 's income , and because of increased growth increasing total income . 
  but it 's not just wages and vat , there 's income tax on dividends and interest and probably many other taxes . 
   how much of the expected increased investment is actually investment which would otherwise be invested in other parts of the world ? 
  would these extra investments also come if other countries follow with similar tax reductions ? 
  is the cost of money at current interest rates so low that this effect ( at this moment in time ) can be ignored ? 
  no idea ; it 's a good question . 
  some of the money could come from lending to consumers and so it 's not inevitable it 's all diverted internationally , but it 's probably not none either . 
  even if it * is * diverted it could still help increase returns by both reducing waste on tax schemes and by sending it to the best investments vs the most tax efficient . 
   many fear , robotics may make may jobs superfluous ( e.g. 
  self driving truck ) . 
  if that happens , is there sufficient basis to obtain tax from labour ? 
  there are still taxes on property , capital gains and non-wage income . 
  in the uk , income tax is about four times as much as corporation tax , and national insurance , a pure wage tax , is 2.5 times ... so corporation tax is n't all * that * big . 
  i 'd favour moving tax from wages to more equal taxes across all kinds of income anyway ( on fairness and anti-avoidance grounds ) . 
   how can it be avoided that ( wealthy ) people use a tax free corporation to avoid paying tax on their income ? 
  tax the dividends/interest . 
  if they buy things for their personal use with the company then that 's already subject to income tax . 
   edit :  how can we avoid that multi-corps divide their prsence on two kind of locations - low labour tax where much labour is done , and via tax evasion , low tax on profit via a country with low taxes on profit ? 
  if the tax is raised instead via taxes on dividends and interest as part of the recipients ' income then nothing the company does can stop the tax being owed ( except not paying a return to investors ) . 
  the individual would have to move jurisdiction or evade tax . 
  if only some countries switched to this system then there would indeed be ways to avoid it , but countries not doing it would have an incentive to switch . 
  if they did nearly the whole tax competition element of this tax would disappear , even if the tax rates differed . 
    corporate taxes , both in terms of the statutory tax rate and depreciation allowances , reduce investment and productivity growth . 
   apple has 200 billion on the bank , how are they reduced ? 
  corporate taxes increase the cost of capital , meaning companies have to pay more to investors in order convince them to fund the same investment ( and not , say , buy property or lend mortgages ) . 
  that means fewer investments are profitable/possible , which means lower growth , short and long-term . 
  there are other reasons , if jooana 's links are n't enough for you , there 's a list of ways this can happen and a pretty diagram starting on page 10 here : https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/263560/4069_ct_dynamic_effects_paper_20130312_iw_v2.pdf  so , we disallow debt payment decuction ... or tax interest and dividends equally , and get rid of corporate taxes .
