so people just ignore the law then ? 
  that 's a good thing to know , while a bike can give you a nasty smack and some bruises a car is a whole different story ... 
  even the trams in the netherlands have to give way to a pedestrian using a zebra crossing , unlike in belgium where they have the right of way . 
  * to visit those countries , i think that those countries / that they  i 'd like to see them all some day really , a lack of esthetic beauty and high poverty like in moldova can just as much be an eye opener as seeing the splendour of wien or paris . 
  you can learn from every nation and people even if the platform is n't inherently pleasant . 
  we sovereignly decide to share a part of our sovereignty , that first decision should fully stay in the hands of the respective nation otherwise it is n't a union of the willing anymore . 
  the actual act of leaving or joining is indeed but a small formality . 
  adapting your state in order to be allowed entrance or having to de - and reconstruct everything that was common after leaving is a massive undertaking though . 
  see it like taking on a bank loan , signing the paper is the easy part . 
  getting the loan in the first place , or trying to ditch it once signed is were the hassle is at , so no signing or shredding should be taken lightly . 
  in dutch it 's peetouders ( ` god ' - parents ) , peetoom ( '' '' - uncle ) or peter and peettante ( '' '' - aunt ) or meter . 
  these stem from latin pater and mater . 
  the child to them is their petekind . 
  the name does n't change if it 's someone other than the actual uncle/aunt , the godfather movie did bring in some wrong translations though . 
  that was absolutely hilarious , time for a bookmark !, 
  cheers for sharing , never seen it before . 
  it 's nothing sir/madam , i wish you a nice stay in europe !, 
  as to the collaboration yes certainly , those were dark times . 
  ha , the lucky few who were part of the glorious germanic club / s. 
  what i find remarkable is that our southern neighbours never went as far into this . 
  however , our population registers mentioned religion so it was made damn easy for the nazi 's to find their victims . 
  dutch bookkeeping at the time played a pivotal role in why we were the nation with the most eradication in percentage to actual jewish population , that 's why the resistance movements attempted to burn the registers . 
  now the public image is being flushed with mostly the latter i think , a false portrait really . 
  just like the germans we should go through the mud on our part , so that we and coming generations learn . 
  seconding our danish friend here , this sounds like brainfood . 
  ( he has a point at the beginning , so his argumentation has to be interesting ), 
  on my way to becoming either that or a interpreter , i 'm not at the crossroads just yet . 
  it 's indeed hard work , but very enjoyable if apart from being able to quickly go into another lingual mindset you are also culturally sensitive . 
  a part of it is cold studies , like law , you h\u00e1ve to know the times and irregular forms by heart , this also goes for vocabulary . 
  on the other hand it 's a road of discovery of peculiarities of another nation , their history , their culture , literature and poetry . 
  it 's also a road that 's never fully paved , you can always expand your knowledge beyond regular professional boundaries or dig into yet another tongue . 
  i would say do n't go down the easy road , pick another language family . 
  something like spanish or french is nice as a secondary or tertiary , but things might get dull if you can transport too much from the romance languages . 
  your choices , after setting a well thought out strategy , will define your professional life and salary greatly . 
  there will always be options , but the competition is on your tail in pricing negotiations if you want to translate to say , english . 
  teaching is however a valid option then , and a way to make decent pay abroad all the while learning what they busy . 
  do n't forget that whichever language ( s ) you pick , you will have to follow through . 
  only passion and endurance can make you an artist of words who 's saught after , you will have to assimilate a part of yourself into the world of your target audience and in many ways have to outdo them in the quality of your linguistical production . 
  each of those worlds you master however , is another open door . 
  the very best of luck , and pm me if you 'd like to converse about this a bit more . 
  call the consulate on what to do , or make an orderly addendum page which you send along with it !, 
  my native languages are dutch and limburgish , but i 've been speaking english since a young age ( 5-6 is still concidered a ` native ' speaker ) and languages are my gig and to be profession !, 
  we all learn english in school and from pop culture , together with some additional language like french , german or spanish . 
  the nice thing about limburgish is that it 's extremely local , we were a quilt of small states throughout the ages which have all left their marks on the language . 
  there 's this story of a farmer who managed to get to the ripe age of 90 , all the while living in the exact same place . 
  he had had 7 nationalities/rulers by the time of his passing . 
  the people from the town next to us speak slightly differently in vocabulary and intonation , you can sometimes even hear which part of a city someone is from . 
  if you skip like 5 to 10 kilometers the difference is at the forefront , we can still understand each other but you instantly know someone is n't from around there . 
  since it 's a dialect , or at least not officially taught , it 's rapidly losing strength and agglomerating with standard dutch however ; i have a dictionary of our local tongue from the seventies and it 's remarkable but also sad how much of those words are unknown to me . 
  another interesting aspect of limburgish is that it 's a tone language here and there , normally only asian languages like for example mandarin display this . 
  if i say sjo\u00f3n , or sjo\u00f2n , i mean one or multiple shoes , berr\u00e9g or berr\u00e8g means one or multiple mountains . 
  as to the standard language it 's actually pretty easy . 
  it 's dutch here and in flanders , limburgish is for vocal communication but dutch is used while teaching or speaking to ` outsiders ' . 
  wallonians have french as the standard , however there are regional variants everywhere . 
  belgium has strict language laws , if a french speaker goes to any government service in flanders he h\u00e1s to speak dutch or will not be helped and the same the other way around . 
  you might like [ this 30 min documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsnnpd6prx0 ) to get a taste of how it is . 
  they are two seperate people 's put together in an artificial nation , and both sides have done multiple things throughout it 's history to create a very bitter past . 
  for example , a flemish farmer being tried in french while he did n't understand a word , or having to speak french at town hall to get something done since french was the language of the ruling class and bureaucracy . 
  wallonia did n't want the personality principle for language , but rather a fixed terrestrial seperator , french speakers were cut with razors in the main university city of flanders and so on . 
  do n't blame congo on the belgian state , it was the private property of leopold ii so he is directly accountable . 
  once belgium nationalised it they realised what had truly happened there , they still have training and other missions there to this day to clean up the enduring mess . 
  what i do n't understand is that he still sits on many horses and bustes in belgium . 
  the death toll was anywhere between 1 and 15 million congolese and the pig has never even set foot in the nation he ravaged , he deserves to be torn down and despised like hitler even though he brought wealth to the nation . 
   i ( and most people i know ) are real fuzzy about the difference between holland , belgium , and the netherlands . 
  holland is the ensemble of the provinces of north - and south-holland , 2 out of 12 in total , where roughly 30 % of the dutch population lives . 
  it 's also used as a metonomy for the whole country , which for me as a [ border inhabitant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limburg_ ( netherlands ) is n't all that well recieved . 
  it would be like calling the us dakota from those two states combined , this must bring up some aversion in a proud texan too !, 
  as to the netherlands , there are two . 
  the country itself ( nederland in dutch ) and the kingdom of the netherlands ( het koninkrijk der nederland ** en ** , plural ) . 
  the kingdom includes the overseas countries of aruba , bonaire and sint-maarten which are situated in the caribbean . 
  there are also three smaller islands in that region which are considered as municipalities of the mainland and not as seperate countries . 
  fun fact : we have a border with france even though belgium is in the way . 
  this is through sint-maarten , 60 % of the island is dutch and 40 % is their saint-martin . 
  on to belgium : they are a seperate nation which secceded from us in 1831 . 
  the northern 60 % of the population , the flemish , speak dutch . 
  the other 40 % in the south , the walloons , speak french . 
  there is also a minority of german speakers in the east , which is considered their third national language . 
  if you thought the netherlands was complicated in setup , do n't look into belgium haha . 
  they are more of a confederation with a lot of different governments since their peoples apparantly do n't get along , the language border is also a culture frontier unlike say the swiss who get along fine with 4 national languages . 
  [ here 's a video from geography now on belgium ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tumvwcbm-g ) , it 's a curious but complicated tale so you might find in interesting . 
  yugoslavia was a socialist republic in the balkans ( the region between italy and turkey so to say ) , which broke up in the early nineties through a bloody war and became 7 other nations , croatia and bosnia-herzegovina are two of them and hungary bordered it . 
  finland is the one bordering russia , just remember there was a land war between them and the ussr during ww2 to keep them apart . 
  there are many excellent documentaries on youtube about this though , since this is becoming quite a wall of text !, 
  in dutch school we were taught about asian history : china , japan , korea , vietnam , indonesia ( former dutch east indies for which there was a war ) and some more , both ancient and contemporary . 
  belgium ( my secondary schooling ) focussed on africa more because of their escapade in congo free state . 
  latin-america was relatively untouched though on the post-independance front , apart from cuba . 
  i love that spanish has a diminutive in that un besito is a little kiss , in dutch you would say a kusje or ni\u00f1ito for a kindje , a small child . 
  un petit bisou just does n't have the same ring !, 
  indeed the norwegians have the same concept called rakfisk there . 
  that ` delicacy ' will go over my head , just like [ italian maggot cheese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casu_marzu ) haha . 
  we generally do n't expect you to know those things , surstr\u00f6mming is just one of those infamous things on this website which passes by every now and again . 
  apart from popular culture ( music , movies , certain foods ) and news there are many many things we do n't know about the states either , we 're all seperate countries with our own culture and history so just having an understanding of the other 27 is a daunting task . 
  a proper visit would be a real financial strain however i hope to get it together some time in the future . 
  really seeing your country is like just like here , you need at least a month to truly catch a glimpse of the variety . 
  hell , i still need to cross the former iron curtain , have n't seen the majority of eu states yet . 
  it might sound silly , but one of the things i have on my list for a visit is going to one of those huge grocery stores to gasp . 
  we think our standard of life is high , seeing americans outdo that by another 50 % just raises curiocity . 
  everything seems bigger and more outspoken , which is such an offset to my country where one of the prevailing motto 's is ` just be normal , that 's crazy enough already ' . 
  faire la bise = ` doing the kiss ' . 
  the french have at least three words for a kiss , ` une bise ' is a quick kiss as a greeting , ` un bisou ' is one of friendship or affection between friends and family , and ` un baiser ' is on the mouth between loved ones .
