  if it 's certain you have to go then rather with dignity . 
  luxemburg is easy to remember , it is the dutch one with a slightly lighter blue !, 
  the difference is so minor we often ca n't pick them apart unless hanging next to each other . 
  [ it does n't stop these things from happening though . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/04/suspect-burqa-counter-terror-restrictions ), 
  our law here is against being unrecognisable in public as a whole , there is plenty of crime committed by disguised/masked individuals yes . 
  everything you do on electronic devices is certain to be checked by numerous intelligence agencies already , radiographic logging can show where you are , your daily pattern , which programs you are using and what you are typing even if you 're offline . 
  not having a helmet on will be an immense comfort for the store clerk or people on the street at night , the state will still indirectly know who you are through that thing in your pocket . 
  if you worry about it you could switch to a typewriter and hope your correspondence is n't searched , it 's good to be reflective of but the main issue is n't with being plain face on the street . 
  but it 's not a religious piece of clothing , it 's a cultural garnment . 
  nowhere does the quran stipulate its use , the book is actually pretty progressive towards women compared to other abrahamic practice . 
  headscarfs of course , that 's a sign of chastity and women here also wore those while going to church not too long ago . 
  bourkini 's are the same idea . 
  i have run into men under niqabs in belgium judging brow and posture however . 
  just across the border here there was a syria goer who evaded police for 2 or 3 years because he wore one . 
  some googling gets me multiple instances for britain alone of people evading capture and even crossing the border with someone else 's passport , religious freedom is fine but there 's documented and numerous abuse of such a right to be completely anonymous in public . 
  why is that a law trick ? 
  if i go outside wearing a ski mask outside of carnaval i 'll get into just as much trouble as a woman wearing a niqab . 
  it 's a law for everyone instead of a discriminatory ban on certain clothing , and it makes common sense . 
  there are multiple instances of male and female fugitives getting away under a niqab , of hold ups with scooter helmets or kidnapping attempts . 
  criminalising that under an umbrella is a good thing , why hide your identity unless you 've got a practical purpose like safety gear while working/sporting , national festivities or driving unsecure vehicles ? 
  even during carnaval the cops asked me to pop the mask of for a moment while i was engaged in banter with them , not a problem what so ever . 
  banning a specific garnment is indeed dubious and good on germany for upholding the constitution , introducing a general law forbidding being unrecognisable in public is n't however . 
  that 's what the netherlands did , it 's founded on a security principle and the target is broad spectrum as to aiming at a subgroup of society . 
  an exception can be obtained from the local mayor . 
  so no matter if it 's a niqab , hoody with mask or a biker outfit outside of his recognisable vehicle , everyone 's equal in front of the law . 
  yes indeed , we have to be critical citizens on what the public powers are doing , i 'm just critisizing our reference point . 
  we do not know what that is like from our safe perspective ( assuming for you of course ) , the only literally sweet smell of decay i know is of farm livestock waiting to be collected , and the only violence and terror of war comes , thank god , from video games and video footage . 
  in your other comments you got the nail on the head , in that the us has this massive industry of destruction while reconstruction , of material and human nature , is very limited . 
  we can send another land army to defeat the regular daesh forces , but if we again leave ruins behind it will only foster more hate and extremism from the rubble . 
  that 's a thing i understand yet also find greatly repulsive of the us gov ' t strategy . 
  they knew china would catch up and surpass economically , so they chose to overdo the military perspective in order to stay number one . 
  if general state of being ca n't assert dominance it has to be done with force . 
  this in the long run will only hasten the decay of that power , since every dollar not invested into the nation itself but rather on force is one others can catch up on who did choose to construct as to destruct . 
  this ensemble to me seems to only lead to another all out war somewhere in the future , brandishing the goods can only keep things at bay for so long , and the destructive dedication means going down with the ship at some point . 
  stupid bloody power games while we need to work together worldwide to keep the collective threat that is climate change , extinction and resource depletion at bay . 
  i just ca n't comprehend why we let the indirect but certain threat muddle on while there 's a concious choice to steer towards direct confrontation somewhere along the line too . 
  as to syria/iraq , yes , we could help . 
  not by breeding another set of ` moderate rebels ' like was the case in afghanistan some 30 years ago . 
  it would even mean having to cooperate with the russians ( mh17 is still in my mind as a dutchman , if you compare population size to victims that was our 9/11 ) , and letting assad stay in his seat for now . 
  once all that is over , there can be rebuilding , democratic elections , and possibly relocation of those willing if the foundation laid there is sufficient . 
  bleh , spoke to those restaurant owners today whom i mentioned earlier . 
  they went to northern iraq , visiting friends and family for two weeks , just days after they returned the all out war against daesh on one side of the city and iranian rocket attacks on the other side erupted . 
  that 's when all the misery there becomes tangiable , when you see and feel the expressions of someone who has made it back in one piece but fears for their relatives and others . 
  her father fled saddam 's regime for imminent fear of his life , and here we are with their lives still being ruined by war and violence all those years after . 
  we know nothing my friend , clueless armchair generals we are . 
  well , there have been multiple cases of fugitive men and women hiding under one , like in 2012 a terrorism suspect in britain walked out of a mosque under one , in 2005 one got out of the country with his sisters passport and another slipped under the radar that same year , then again in 2006 . 
  i have run into people of whom i was nearly positive they were men judging the brow and posture in belgium . 
  it 's indeed a good question where the basic sentiment of the banning lies , a cultural clash or a security standpoint . 
  that does n't take away abuse of the garnment is taking place , like people robbing a store with an otherwise practical motorcycle helmet or ski mask . 
  if i go out and wear one of those borat bathing suits i get arrested for public indecency , the same goes for walking around unrecognisably , this would get me jumped rather quickly by police . 
  from the equality in front of the law principle there should n't be a cultural caveat , you ca n't be unrecognisable in public in the netherlands without the mayor 's permission , the exception being carnaval celebrations . 
  that 's where the difference lies , it should be a general law and not a specific ban . 
  hence i do n't get the french reaction on bourkini 's , if their face is still visible it should be their freedom to bathe without a bodily display , it 's just a loose bathing suit . 
  some parts of elsewhere accepted culture are incompatible with a host nation , like child marriage , wife beating or wearing too revealing clothing in certain other countries . 
  i can ` legally ' ( it 's not , just tolerated ) buy and walk around with 5 grams of cannabis here , which would get me in trouble in neighbouring countries . 
  there is a difference though between at least show me your face , and show me your body . 
  one is a general safety measure , the other is forcing your bathing culture onto others . 
  a dictator and all that yes , without a doubt , i just wonder about the alternative that has been created , has it been for the better or the worse of the iraqi people ? 
  i hear two stories from the iraqi 's i encounter , local restaurant owners fled his regime while others say it was better under saddam , especially with the current daesh situation . 
  the same goes for ghadaffi , yes he was a loonie with terrorist tendencies , but has the commando hit on him been good for the libyans ? 
  relatively speaking they were one of the african nations that were better off , even under a dictator . 
  removing a bad regime is one thing , but if the ensuing power vacuum brings the country into turmoil was it the right move then ? 
  i wonder what has caused more death and misery , saddam or the us invasion and the ensuing mess to this day . 
  from what google tells me it 's in the same ballpark , and the counter stops in 2013 for the latter . 
  when you say when the sunni regime collapsed , do you mean saddams ' ? 
  because that 's kind of flawed logic right , ` keeping a nation from being pawned in ' after you were the direct cause of that fall . 
  that 's like saying nazi-germany was invaded to keep the soviets at bay , not ` letting go of the catch ' is logical though . 
  thanks for an interesting and civilized exchange of views by the way . 
  if you invade another country under fabricated pretext which turns out to be totally bogus then you can bet there would be mass trials for responsible high brass and politics . 
  a fair trial would still mean having to face the music for former actions , nothing to do with anti-american sentiment but very much with destroying a nation for no valid reason . 
  putin not really , the arsenal he sits on though yes . 
  it would become a pseudo-cuban missile crisis for no reason , both sides have icbm submarines and plenty of launch sites to ensure m.a.d. 
  anyway . 
  it would possibly be a smart move to remove nukes fron under erdogan 's reach on the other hand , he 's getting frisky . 
  it was signed by bill 's administration , just never brought before the senate for ratification since they wanted to see it at work first . 
  bush then undid cooperation in 2002 , a year before before iraq , and introduced the earlier discussed legislation . 
  obama 's gov ' t stance has been positive but no formal acceptance has been reached yet , like several of the other top military spenders . 
  i sincerely hope that this will come in the future , a stable rule of law is another hurdle for escalating or unfounded conflicts and untouchable by the whims of regular politics . 
  we have reached an era in which we can annihilate each other many times over throughout the globe , we need a precaution of thurrough reason with legal implications . 
  if you call that evil clutches , sure . 
  and an empty law nonetheless . 
  if they would want to invade one of their closest eu allies where a nuclear stockpile of the us is present in order to counteract an international body of law they 'd be shooting themselves in the foot on so many levels . 
  aside from defending against an invading force the promotion of international rule of law is in our constitution so our troops would fight with great zeal to defend the city in which our government and those legal bodies sit . 
  most of the world and certainly the eu would be on our side , such an attack would be our pearl harbor . 
  edit : from the practical point of view , not cooperating with the court shows that their former government thought themselves above the law in a time where they would have certainly been tried en masse for the coming iraq debacle . 
  how is the cubicle they gave you at lubyanka square ? 
  they 're also coloured of course , all media is , but directly listening to the news of two warring parties will be even more ` corrupted ' do n't you think ? 
  like with the whole ukrainian * insurgents in the krim thing , what is it now , russian kgb-tactic to escalate the situation further or a genuine response to ukrainian agression attempts . 
  both sides are unreliable since they have a very present agenda with real world goals . 
  binoculars generally do n't have a sensor , it 's several lenses through which the light will shine out the other end . 
  if it 's one of those anti-misssile lasers you could melt the thing but then it 's no longer a blinding laser but an offensive weapon , and if the concentration through the lenses is strong enough it might damage the equipment itself like burning with a magnifying glass . 
  of course there are binocs with electronics , but if it 's [ one of those on a pedistle ] ( http://rhythmconnection.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/l_2048_1536_2f4f3123-e084-4a87-aaa4-be3aef9529f0.jpeg ) it normally does n't have that . 
  night vision or ir would be fried though yes , like the observers sight behind it . 
  germany did rearm years ago , you know , the whole cold war thing and now a world-leading arms producer . 
  are you really still envisioning an inter-european war while there 's the eu , nato & nukes ? 
  and it coming from germany ? 
  man , you 're seriously out of touch with reality and severely insulting the modern german republic of which you clearly know very little . 
  it 's your unfounded suspicious attitude that makes you the warmonger here ... gl hf glassing germany because in modern europe the french would gladly send you a return ticket since we 're friends and allies . 
  let 's keep it that way , even when there 's people like you around with futile attempts to spread division .
