  we should continue helping genuine refugees of course . 
  the lack of thinking on what you call hijacking is preposterous though , is n't it basic logic that when you let an anonymous mass of people march into the continent that the kaliphate will send along sleeper cells ? 
  we 've had so much experience with terrorism and abuse of social systems and yet they make such a basic error . 
  in my eyes we need camps just outside the eu where all the administration and screening happens , with absolute refusal of people who enter otherwise . 
  also a common database with fingerprints and irisscans , the dutch government already has our prints when you go for an id-card so why should n't they be registered . 
  of course now it 's already late , too late perhaps , but that 's the only way i see on how to seperate right from wrong and to protect the european people . 
  thanks for a nice exchange of views gerrit . 
  let me please explain why i 'm not wearing a tinfoil hat : - conservative estimates say there 's about 10.000 isis members/symphatisants in europe right now who were able to infiltrate in the mass of people that came in . 
  a lot of refugees are n't even registered . 
  it 's not a matter of if , it 's a matter of where and what . 
  - who has left the borders open for so long ? 
  the european populus ? 
  if it was up to them the borders would have been closed a long time ago , or at least put under control . 
  we should n't blame ourselves but our governments and this illusion of how europe should be . 
  - i should n't be skeptical when police start coming to houses to remove free speech ? 
  these are last-ditch efforts to contain a problem of racism and nationalism they knew would arise when they left the floodgates open . 
  such internal struggles will also be a great reason for another stupid invasion of the middle east , or like in the netherlands , fodder for rightwing euroskeptics to perhaps take absolute majority and subsequently have our nation leave the union . 
  - because i study in brussels i 've seen with my own eyes what fear and irrationality does to a nation , never before did i see so many weapons of war in european streets and my campus or a night of cat pictures while raids were happening , and i hope i never will again . 
  the whole situation is just so silly that there has to be a reason , our nations are well within power to stop it . 
  instead they are just letting it happen and by doing so : the eu might implode , massive terrorist attacks will probably happen , and you can bet we will have ground troops in the middle east again soon . 
  this is going to go sooo wrong all over europe . 
  the german government altered the actual new year 's assault number and they do n't know where 600.000 migrants are , dutch cops coming to houses for tweets and there 's riots against refugee centers , scandals in many other nations while their governments try to sweep reality under the rug ... 
  i 'm scared of the hidden terrorists in the migrant population . 
  just as i 'm scared of nationalists with flags who think they 're defending the ` motherland ' by hanging pigs from trees and torching buildings . 
  could it be that they left the borders like this in order to create a new war , both internal and external ? 
  how can we have free travel when the outside frontier is n't controlled like it should be ? 
  such eerie times ... 
  and polarize even more ? 
  the cold war style mentions of possibly using ` small nuclear munitions ' ( to whipe out divisions and city blocks ) have appeared again . . 
  humanity wields such power as to destroy all of mankind . 
  let us play with fire as little as possible , the fins are doing well at keeping stability anyway with both sides . 
  the way things are looking in the dutch polls right now there 's probably going to be a no on the ukraine-cooperation treaty and a majority win of geert wilders which would be anti-eu/schengen ... 
  some times huh . 
  is n't the arc de triomphe also in the middle of a substantial roundabout ? 
  an all out conflict is just nonsense by the still functioning mad doctrine . 
  both sides can get on high horses but once one of either parties is the underdog or bound to lose ( who that might be i 'll leave in the middle ) the nuclear response will follow if it has n't before that already . 
  better or more tools of war do n't matter when there 's a universal vaporizer on both sides . 
  the discussion on who might win a conventional war is therefore nothing but pointless slong measuring in my eyes . 
  neither warsaw nor moscow shall see a siege again , rather that our shadows will be permeated into the ground by then . 
  if it 's unconstitutional no it could n't . 
  the belgian federal government overruling them would mean an instant collapse of said entity and then we 'd arrive in another void which could mean another year or more of no formation and thus no treaty signing . 
  if they were to leave that would become a true existential crisis , where are all the institutions suddenly going to go . 
  what if i told you that if even only brussels ( the region ) said no it would still mean a belgian no ? 
  that 's what happens when a nation is on the verge between a federation and a confederation . 
  their governments are seen as equal constitutionally so dealing with belgium means dealing with 4 governments . 
  that complex entity is one of the founding members of the whole project though , talking about kicking them out because things do n't fall between desired timelines is absolutely ludicrous . 
  negotiations with them should have started earlier , so that they would have had time to iron out the percieved issues . 
  solidarity does n't mean just saying yes even though your mind says no , not yet . 
  these politicians have to prove solidarity with other states but first and foremost with their own people , for whom they apparantly worry considering this version of the treaty . 
  as long as national governments have to pass treaties in front of their respective diets this is certainly democratic , you can not force a sovereign nation to sign . 
  each of the 28 have their decision and the walloons/brussels ( thus constitutionally the belgians as a whole ) want to negotiate further . 
  it is n't a no but a not yet , the walloon prime minister stated that their objections were made known a year ago and only two weeks before signing their rounds started . 
  that 's an error in time management , not in the walloons exerting their democratic right . 
  by giving a neckshot to democratic opposition you think the eu will last ? 
  that 's one hell of a way to start all out revolts . 
  the union can get stuffed if it 's either get in line or get out . 
  yeah now it 's coming through , it came across as your perception as to the media narrative . 
  well , honestly , what else should the uk media say ? 
  plummeting the morale of the nation in such uncertain times would only aggravate the current economic decline and cause disturbance . 
  better call us a bunch of undecisive tossers and good riddance then , although the recent xenophobic events on tourists and others are a very bad side effect . 
  considering the belgian constitution the federal government can not consent to something the ` equal ' regional governments did n't agree to , so by law this is a general belgian not yet . 
  while in numbers this is small the plea which the walloon prime minister gave was actually very sound . 
  he remarked that handing pieces of the total text over bit by bit was a scheme in order to accept it , that the secrecy on its contents was undemocratic and immoral towards the general public and that isds would privatize justice which would further hack away at the already faltering democracy with some corporations being financially bigger then whole nations . 
  they handed in their objections a year ago , but only two weeks before planned signing this finally got on the table . 
  the ultimatum will not hold but neither will a collapse of the trade deal , they just need time and discussion which should have come way earlier . 
  no reason to pat yourselves on the back just yet . 
  ... small town ? 
  do you mean the regional government for 3.5 million people and roughly half the country geographically ? 
  to belgians it 's not so much the country that bothers them , but rather the people living in it . 
  by being condescending and full of how it is on our side of the border you 're further nourishing the preconception that we 're frugal loud douchebags who think our own farts do n't stink . 
  bravo . 
  well , there was a big reason for the walloon aversion after the war since leopold iii in person surrendered the nation to the germans which was seen as a matter of the government . 
  on one hand it was but a formality by then , on the other hand an anti-constitutional taking of power . 
  both sides have sound argumentation . 
  why is the current flemish nationalist sentiment against them ? 
  i quite like filip and mathilde honestly , they have a sympathy and likeability about them which albert did n't really emenate . 
  your king definitely had power in the past like for congo free state , but he rules by the grace of the people and not of god . 
  that 's why leopold the first was hesitant to take the position and why they still address the people as ` compatriots ' and not as ` subordonants ' , the throne is state property given to him in return for his oath . 
  it 's an interesting set-up but i 'm glad there is still a royal family for depecting the state in ceremonial spheres while not costing as much as a republic with a president . 
  it 's also one of those things that 's a plaster on internally divided belgium in my eyes . 
  hmm , what 's your theory then ? 
  an attempt at creating propaganda or international implications ? 
  go over to r/the _ donald or a likeminded place with your racist jokes . 
  even if someone was purple that person still deserves protection under the law . 
  they refuse sharing the locations because they were recieving targeted strikes on the hospitals after they did so , that 's the whole problem . 
  why tell everyone where your hospitals are to then get bombed on the basis of that information ? 
  if they still get hit after that then well , that 's the fog of war unfortunately . 
  let 's hope the inquiry will lead to actual change too , like giving brussels a unified police force as to the communal disarray they have now . 
  blame does n't carry over in future generations of course , there is n't any blame in the first place for what leo did on his ` private property ' . 
  it would be nice to see some vicarious shame on a national level though , like us concerning indonesia 's repression or the collaboration . 
  seeing that monster of a man still sit on his horse in oostende with a caf\u00e9 called ` congo free state ' next to it was an absolute jaw dropper , that 's like a statue of hitler next to the first autobahn . 
  `` a few million dead okay , but hey , the fellow did get us these fancy things here ! '', 
  i know the people do n't think like that , it 's just that such a mass murderer does n't deserve reverence of any form . 
  him still sitting there is a blemish on the otherwise great place that is modern belgium you could switch places with us of course , you 'll no longer hear about congo but all the bloody time about drugs and prostitution !, 
  nl held out for 5 days , belgium held out for a whopping 18 . 
  rotterdam was in shambles after the blitz and utrecht was next if we did n't surrender , talking about instantly giving in is a bit crude . 
  the belgian army was also twice the dutch in size and better equipped . 
  now , what happened during the occupation is a different matter however , belgium has had more valour and substantially less collaboration . 
  turning `` glad we 're zusammen '' into `` remove kebab schnell '' is n't really desirable during the national festivity . 
  good that she has the right to decide instead of having to endure that terrible disease to the end .
