  since we ca n't go for no evil the lesser evil is our best bet i guess . 
  germany had 818 murders in 2006 of which 12 % involved a firearm , the police is a relatively small factor in them apparantly . 
  perhaps something should be done to bring the 1 in 3 down to our 1 in 25 instead ? 
  this is true , 7 is still lives lost even though the police probably had good reasons to , but hey , we need such a force to counter the fact that we ca n't be armed ourselves . 
  where england had 55 deaths by cop bullets in 24 years the us had 59 in the first 24 days of 2015 and 10 times less people die from guns in germany versus the states when you adjust for population . 
  this goes up to ~ 18 times less in nl where air-rifles are more open but we only have 1 real gun per 25 people ( germany 1 per 3 people , us 1.2 guns per person ) . 
  yesterday i passed by the pile of flowers outside maelbeek station , that also puts things into perspective . 
  whenever someone has legal powers there is room for abuse , but i think we are on the right side of things by not giving everyone lethal force multipliers but instead letting people who are trained and take an oath handle it . 
  as for the song , my german is reasonably good but due to never learning it in school my ear is n't that keen yet , muss schohn mehr uber die grenze gehen !, 
  is n't it the point of the police to not lose , what use are they if they do ? 
  bad news to be on the recieving end of course but i see it as pro for going over their arsenal and powers instead of directly cracking down . 
  considering other gangster rap ( xatar etc. ), 
  this one is mild . 
  not positive if you 're a baddy , but otherwise ? 
  then again i see the fortress brussels right now , i 'm thankful they negate worse things from happening , and do n't really know german contemporary culture or power abuse of cops . 
  oh no man this one is great even if you do n't know the culture/original but understand the language !, 
  big hip hop fan here , really cool to have a pro-police song instead of the same old ` fuck the pigs ' mentality , we 're not the states here where there might be a reason to be afraid . 
  gangsterrap can be pretty bad though no matter the nation but i guess talking about nothing more than whores , drugs and crime is unfortunately part of the subgenre . 
  good thing for eko fresh , k.i.z. , amewu and others , german sounds wicked in rap and they have decent messages too . 
  edit : [ cool oldie to rinse the ears ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xfnho6s3bm ), 
  and there we 've got an actual part of the problem , saudi funded extremism which leeches all the way into europe too . 
  wahhabism is a plague to our society and they 're still allowed to fund mosques and speakers , it 's disgusting . 
  therefore i love it when my moderate muslim friends go off about saudi-arabia , they are scoundrels and i really ca n't understand that such cozy ties are kept between us/eu and them . 
  oh great , oil , oh great , stable government . 
  yes , but these are the people that ruin their faith and create a feeding ground of extremism and possibly terrorism . 
  green energy and a fat boot for the saudi 's asap please !, 
  the war footage and documentation i 've seen so far show that these kind of things happen everywhere , also in our ` civilized ' armies . 
  a civilized soldier does n't exist , you 're asking them to perform the most uncivilized act there is and that 's to kill someone . 
  from there on out it 's a slippery slope in how far a human will go in those situations , when both sides are doing their best to kill the other . 
  these people often are n't professional soldiers anyway but citizens defending their homeland from those hounds . 
  that they do such things just shows the intense hate and that their minds have been gravely damaged by the horrors of war . 
  it 's still despicable of course , but to say they 're just as bad as daesh ? 
  why did erdogan get re-elected actually ? 
  i 've been wondering about this for a while , it would seem that his corruption ( the palace for example ) was gon na bring the sultan down but he got another term , perhaps due to the close war and the refugee crisis ? 
  shame really , absolutely love your nation and have been there like 5-10 times . 
  beautiful nature , history and architecture and for the most part lovely people . 
  would n't come for the weather though . 
  it 's not a disliking of the english but you 're just a nation of extremes like we all are , on one hand very civilised and on the other hand absolute rotten chavs or binge drinking tits . 
  those latter groups are seen as on par with the russians for being the worst tourists you can have , they 're putting quite a dent in your reputation . 
  when i was in britain , depending on the place where i stayed , it was quite the spectacle to see people going out . 
  hippo 's in leggings with enough make-up to be an oompa loompa , dresses fit for a porn movie , chavs , coppers in the street sweeping up people afterwards etc. . . and then there are great pubs with amazing cider and nice people , all having a good time , where none of this happened . 
  i guess it 's part of your social division , innit ? 
  coming from a brit ? 
  feel bad for india-pakistan , for israel , for the devils spawn that are some banking families , just to name a few . 
  if they 're speaking dutch yes , limburgs is a regional language protected within the eu though . 
  the only reason it 's not a full language like frisian is that it changes with every town , there is no ` general ' limburgs . 
  back in 2004 24 paintings ( and 70 pieces of silverware ) were stolen out of a museum in hoorn , the netherlands . 
  in 2014 they were discovered on a ukrainian website , and in 2015 two people approached the dutch ambassador in kiev that they spoke on behalf of a volunteer battalion and that they wanted to ` return ' the art for a finders fee of 5 million euros ( worth of the art in its damaged condition is 500k ) . 
  they said they also have the silverware . 
  one of those two men was boris gumenjuk , replacing commander of a volunteer battalion of the organisation of ukrainian nationalists . 
  these guys are led by the chief of svoboda , oleg tjagnibok . 
  there 's also suspicion that the former leader of the ukrainian secret service is involved . 
  there is no way that such things can happen without government officials or parliamentarians knowing and because of that it 's a prime example how bad the situation is . 
  crime and government are apparantly intertwined at a whole other level there . 
  what do you mean they do n't deserve their government ? 
  if you mean that they deserve better after their revolution , yes , ca n't agree more . 
  we need 300k signatures ( out of 17 million dutch ) to be able to hold an advisory referendum . 
  this happened before with the eu constitution ( which they just passed again under a different name ) . 
  so it 's a matter of passing the signature mark really . 
  personally i do n't think the association agreement is minor , not at all . 
  where the russians invaded in force this is in practise when you make a nation conform to our economic and legal standards . 
  it 's breaking ties with russia , of course they 're free to do so but it 's not a neutral act . 
  the bufferzone is dissolving . 
  we 've also got the issue of mh17 still waiting to be proven . 
  it was most probably the russians , but we ca n't be sure until the legal case comes out . 
  stuff like dutch stolen art circulating under ukrainian extreme-right parliament members does n't give them credits either . 
  if the turn-out is large enough it will most probably be a ` no ' and the hague is pinching it how to resolve this . 
  this is death by a thousand cuts for bees , together with habitat loss and certain diseases . 
  these factors play together to create a perfect storm and it 's looking grim . 
  i hope that we can have more paninternational cooperation in europe to minimize pesticide effects and that a wide reflowering program can be launched after more rabble from apiarists . 
  in most countries it 's better to keep bees in the city then in the countryside , the green desert is a fact and large parts of the ecosystem suffer from it . 
  brussels had 26 % less museum visits in november because of the state of emergency . 
  people do mind . 
  i avoided trains through certain stations because of possible attacks , why go through the eu-institution station when there 's a different route for just 5 minutes more . 
  the police state has long been there anyway , what do you think happens to all our electronic communication ? 
  there are a few nations that tap everything that passes through their turf cable-wise . 
  i 'd rather have decent and common outer border control and somewhat more blue in the streets over indicriminate spying , but since the frontiers have been open so long it 's certain that we 've got a large population of isis-militants on european soil . 
  it 's become a necessary evil . 
  if you 'd consider just 0.1 % of refugees , 1 in a 1000 , to be affiliated with isis then by now we 'd have at least 1000 of them here . 
  i 'm afraid mister valls is just being realistic . 
  i was writing an extensive reply to you but after reading your comment history i realise it 's pointless . 
  viel spass beim hass  i hope you find your own problem eventually , whatever it may be . 
  the french use `` bois '' , it 's a size-dependant description . 
  if english would be forest/woods we ( nl ) would use woud/bos and the french foret/bois , dunno about the germans except for wald . 
  schiphol is a bastion with it 's own permanent marechausee detachment which i believe is great . 
  they serve as both customs and paramilitary police and because of the sheer mass of people there ( one of the busiest in the world ) it needs to be well guarded . 
  things change when you ca n't go into a single street without seeing cops with assault rifles/soldiers/military trucks , a whole city was suddenly under siege . 
  it did n't make me feel safer at all really , it only shed more light on the percieved threat . 
  also , really , you did n't see that many guards in israel ? 
  i thought all their conscripts have to carry around their gun when not in uniform !, 
  the moment someone has the idea they 're fighting for ` the people ' or ` the nation ' by attacking others who do not represent that people we go into situations which hopefully stopped in europe after ww2 . 
  i 'm all for trying to conserve our nations by bringing ideas that help in the current situation or protesting . 
  bringing other peoples ' lives in danger for that is absolutely unacceptable however , in no way do these people who are fueled by hate and intolerance represent me . 
  hmm , okay , let me turn it around then : what do you think is going to happen if anything ? 
  why are you on the offensive ? 
  no need to get stingy , wo n't help in getting a point across . 
  that number is 0.1 % of the at least 1.000.000 people that got into europe , it 's used in some articles . 
  vague estimates do n't mean made up . 
  other sources think it 's actually much higher , see my other comment down the line . 
  the inherent goodness of wanting to help those people who suffer from war and that terrible thing that is daesh is applaudable .
