  i do n't understand why we do n't bring some pl officials with us to the tour . 
  no offence to china or whatever but when we play these matches in these not so football friendly countries , we should provide some quality refereeing by ourselves . 
  i mean , we gave youngsters a decent shot in sidney , i 'm kinda disappointed we did n't try our best possible lineup in this game ... 
  i 'm afraid our first serious lineup is going to be when we lose our first league game , again ... 
  perhaps in community shield / emirates cup , do n't think we will see a strong lineup on tour, 
  i do n't think that animals should be able to kill you nor you should be able to loot them . 
  but i agree they would make a good addition to the game purely distraction wise . 
  holy shit, 
  2 houses which are not displayed on the map just south of georgopol hills , the hillside north of rozhok . 
  - these 2 when i wan na win, 
  georgopol , sosnovka military when i wan na fight early . 
  also when i wan na mix of these i just go pochinki, 
  i feel like it 's an underrated location . 
  i personally do n't go there because i 'm too unfamiliar with the area . . few times we went there as a squad and it 's a great location indeed . 
  i have n't seen rain in days ... maybe like once or twice since the update which added the new weather, 
  why the fuck is everyone flipping tits about fucking cosmetics which do n't event fucking matter ? 
  chill the fuck out people . 
  who cares, 
  oh yea , holy fuck . 
  the game is great , graphics is great , gameplay is great , everything is fucking awesome but they decide to monetize fucking useless cosmetic ? 
  fuck those guys , fuck this game . 
  fuck idiots like you, 
  he said that he makes himself look like an idiot on twitter , basically if he would just shut the fuck up on twitter he 'd invited to ti, 
  legitimately asking : how it encourages gambling for children when the game is 18 + ? 
  well , mentally ill people should n't be in any army . 
  try to stop hiding in the corner of the first building you land at for once, 
  it 's already in the game , called scar-l and m416 . 
  yes , mid range assault rifles, 
  tier 3 helm , backpack , armor, 
  adrenalin , ghillie, 
  m24 could be normal , tho very rare , spawn, 
  why the m24 tho ? 
  i 've used it several times and it 's more comparable to kar98 than to awm imo . 
  yea , true . 
  i have n't really considered the attachments and especially the reloading factor . 
  tho i still think that after a minor nerf it could be perfectly fine outside crates . 
  i 'm not saying it should be same spawn rate as kar98 but having only one proper sniper rifle outside crates is just sad . 
  also a little bit of disadvantage over kar98 are the iron sight of the m24 . 
  break is awesome, 
  nooooo not sparta kit :( they are the manu of the czech republic :(, 
  better delay it a bit than publish it unstable . 
  even on test server . 
  the clubs are more plastic every season, 
  did your mom make them ? 
  have you considered that you are maybe 0.001 % of people ? 
  i bet what they are facing is every 3rd game or so crashing ... 
  today i got auto-timed out for saying : `` why do you complain about stream snipers ? 
  just put a 5 minute delay to the stream , you do n't interact with the chat anyway '' . 
  right ? 
  fucker does n't even interact with the chat in any direct way , why does n't he just put the delay on is beyond me, 
  ridiculous , thank god for the tsm guys streaming ... 
  they influence the community and therefore the whole game quite a lot . . 
  when they are able to get multiple people banned from the game , which might be you if you are unfortunate enough to kill him , i think we should give a little bit of fuck, 
  i do n't understand your point , who goes `` ooooh shit !! '', 
  everything is delayed , the only thing when it gets weird is when streamer answers a question from chat few minutes later after it 's asked . 
  though it 's nice idea to have entirely different kind of drop , this would be way too op, 
  chamberlain is utterly terrible, 
  how is top goal scorer morata and best signing lukaku ? 
  that just does n't make sense . 
  lukaku was 15m more expensive than morata so he should score more than him to be the best signing . 
  go bet 5 on it, 
  arsenal , man united , liverpool , man city, 
  alexis sanchez, 
  spurs ( being shite again after previous season ), 
  kolasinac ( looks like a great prospect and joining on a free transfer in this retarded market ), 
  i had this to happen to me yesterday as well . 
  of course it was in the game where i looted the mk14 for the first time ... 
  also , keep the `` killed '' count visible at all times . 
  i do n't think he 's worth to be the highest paid player in the pl, 
  cocks out lads, 
  ok , we really need alexis or replacement . 
  ox has been terrible in last 2 games , which i consider to be the first 2 `` tryhard '' games of the season, 
  damn , im actually sorry . 
  this has to be the best transfer of the season, 
  the week one just keeps on giving . 
  his laugh always gets me . 
  tobi screaming his lungs in the middle of teamfight and synd just starts laughing about miracle 's casual `` eto gg '' in the chat like a 10 year old . 
  love it . 
  ever opened csgo case ? 
  this is normal , do n't be stupid , do n't open them . 
  holy shit, 
  high risk , meh reward . 
  great player , well done everton, 
  exactly , any day, 
  lot of people seem to forget wilshere bossing xavi and iniesta at the age of 19 . . 
  ox has been terrible lately , i do n't get how everybody rates him so high, 
  ox and welbeck should have gone off ffs, 
  we got ta get rid of him tbh, 
  i guess if you do this every week you kinda get used to it, 
  is this a new version of the mora 2000 ? 
  the blade looks exactly the same and the handle is pretty similar as well . 
  oh nice , i could n't find it anywhere in local eshops . 
  the name helped a lot , 
  this surely must be ton of fun . 
  watching them yesterday after what arsenal have shown against stoke ... damn that was beautiful to watch a team which looks like they enjoy every single moment on the pitch and give a 110 % for whole 90 minutes ... 
  attacking with 7 people in the opposite box then 6 people defending their own box few seconds later . . kroos , modric , benzema are everywhere on the pitch, 
  holy shit when i saw real play yesterday we really need at least 2 players like kroos , modric , isco , casemiro , benzema . . 
  they well all over the pitch ... attacking with 7 up front then defending with 6 only a few seconds later . 
  for whole 90 minutes . . just incredible, 
  the thing is real has 4 of them on the pitch , we have one at best ( assuming he has a good game ),
