  black ^ ? 
  poland , czech republic , germany , hungary, 
  difference is , people actually live in norilsk . 
  pripyat was actually one of the best designed and built cities by that time . 
  i mean , yea right ? 
  the problem might be they would probably have to spend their `` life savings '' on gas and survive in a car in subzero temperatures for weeks . 
  it might actually be close to impossible to move away from this city . 
  as a guy playing on ultra low settings , it really is a huge difference even on the lowest possible settings and the fps are the same , hell maybe even slightly better, 
  he also just built a new house here few years ago, 
  simulator battles, 
  little off topic but still applies to bombing and i was n't successful in finding an appropriate response to this so :, 
  is there some precise point to hit when bombing an enemy base ( not airfield ) . 
  yesterday i hit some spot with my 3x1000lbs and i 've done way more damage than usual ... also some voice message like : `` direct hit '' was played . 
  i 've no idea where i aimed , so is there some spot which does more damage to bases than other areas ? 
  for which team does he play ? 
  thanks !, 
  yes always , that 's the weird thing , sometime i do a little over 1/4 of the base hp , but that time i did like 2/3, 
  just take care of them yourself , she will be happy cause you are helping while you are happy cause you are not annoyed . 
  win win, 
  ember got 4000 gold in 10s , still 762 gpm at the end of the game . 
  they are actually 1 of 3 teams which has n't disbanded and won something . 
  they do deserve it, 
  yea they should probably be second to be invited , og third . 
  alliance + liquid + og . 
  only teams that did n't disband, 
  it 's actually easier now , just get a bomber , bomb the base twice and you can fly your high tier plane immediately . 
  just after you get shot you have to wait . 
   liverpool, 
  lol, 
  oh yea , 30 yard freekicks are always served on a plate . 
  sure, 
  ok , enough internet for today, 
  with my old 90nm amd 6400 + i 've got over a 100 few times , 95 was average rendering temperature . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  i have kingcobra , mustang , corsair d and thunderbolt . 
  p47 is clearly the best for me . 
  b&z is viable in ec as well , you can either defend your bases and look for incoming bombers , or you can finish planes going back to base . 
  you ca n't outfly fws/bfs in combat , although if you have enough altitude you can fly way from them . 
  i usually flight around 15k feet in ec and very rarely i find someone higher . 
  does n't turn too well ( compared to bfs/fws ) . 
  safe option is to stick with b&z , although in some situations you can get away with a few turns . 
  no problem , good luck and see you in the air , 
  religion , not even once, 
  that was after, 
  taliban, 
  i was thinking that too , might be close with alliance comeback from megas vs nip ( i think it was nip ) , that was intense as well . 
  although that was just good because of the ending , this game was incredibly full 70 + minutes it took, 
  yea i think we are done here , no one 's gon na top that . 
  now giff 6.87, 
  oh , right, 
  ca n't wait for his underwhelming performances ... 
  i mean right ?!, 
  you payed like 0 $ for this shit !, 
  this is unacceptable !, 
  take a chill pill dude, 
  where are you from ? 
  i 'm usually fine to queue in up to 5 minutes pretty much all day , up until 1am in tier 3/4, 
  that 's weird , i 'm queuing just eu and am usually ok to find games . 
  it get 's worse when looking for ec in pair but still in up to 10 minutes we usually have a game ready, 
  well considering there is like 50k players , on 3 servers , 3 game modes ... edit : totally forgot 2 games - air/ground, 
  in dota 2 for example there is a 1 million players across 5 regions and ( well considerably more game modes although just 2-3 are played - give or take 900k players ) sometimes you are searching a game for 4-5 minutes ... 
  ec is about a long battle , so i guess when you expect to play ec for 2 hours then 10 minutes waiting is alright . 
  i usually find rb in a matter of few seconds , although i only play rb with russian tier 1 and 2 . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcppk2ulwjy 2:15 , do n't jim the absolute shit out of the plane , increase the torque slowly but steady learn to counter the torque with your rudder . 
  edit : start with heavier planes like thunderbold or corsair, 
  please no, 
  because he is a cheating crybaby cunt . 
  would you be ok with suarez or costa ? 
  my girlfriend said she looks swollen too , although first what she thought about was that the short hair make it look like so, 
  he 's back boys !, 
  must be some replay bullshit , his kills did n't show up there ... 
  i kinda think it 's me in the b25 ... 
  i 'm not quite sure what that means i assume just flying around and using bomber as a `` bait '' to lure fighters and shut them down ? 
  i do n't do that , i use bomber as a bomber . 
  usually just to farm some sl for respawns cause i 'm not as good as a fighter . 
  also climbing a little has nothing to do with being desperate , it 's just the best thing to do cause your tail gunner is dead pretty much in matter of seconds and your turret gunner cant shoot backwards in level flight . 
  how the fuck got secret invited over empire ?!, 
  nice to see navi back, 
  with a different roster tho, 
  different team , no ? 
  yea , with a different team, 
  even tho all 5 players would comfortably get invited , i think team consistency should be more of a factor . 
  of course it is , hence alliance and og invites etc. 
  but these `` star '' teams changing rosters after every other tournament are just hurting the scene imo . 
  not winning should be solved by improving the team teamplay-wise not making a `` star '' team and hoping for getting lucky and winning big money . 
  but yea , that would n't probably attach more viewers for more ads and more money . 
  yea it 's steep , it sometimes happens when you focus too much on shooting and you forget that you still climb more and more ( especially when zooming ) . 
  tail gunner is harder to hit while climbing , but in a level flight , speaking from experience , the b25 tail gunner is one of the most vulnerable gunners in the game . 
  fired, 
  with . net going cross platform , with . net native . 
  yes it surely can . 
  it still might take a few good years but i feel like it 's almost inevitable . 
  his shoe is on , he 's fine, 
  i 'm pretty sure uber works in prague if you do n't wa n't to take taxi , although there is plenty of taxis in prague and they are very much used to foreigners . 
  easiest way to travel around czech republic is by trains , we have railways literally everywhere . 
  you `` have to '' purchase your ticket at the station or you can purchase it on a train for a slightly higher price . 
  i do n't know much about the trains going to ostrava but most trains do n't have an announcer which would say what the next station is , so be sure to look out of window when the train is slowing down , 
  touche, 
  fun fact , in phillipines the 5 is pronounced as ha , so 555 can be used instead of hahaha . 
  that 's literally one of the absolute worst `` beers '' you can get here .
