  basically new items release , it 's either people who do n't have the compendium and like the items in a new treasure , or people who already have it buying more levels to have a bigger chance of getting the item they want . 
  thanks for the rares, 
  tier 2 is probably what you 're looking for . 
  i 'd recommend either british or russian planes . 
  actually loda did over 4k dmg in this fight, 
  if na would n't be so weak and actually got some direct invites , synderen would never qualify . 
  wow i had no idea 30 yo zafra exists !, 
  how is it ? 
  does n't dare to touch ti winner . 
  [ karel zich - mela na ocich bryle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkjnc3bhzw0 ), 
  wow , and he is half a player he was when he left . 
  maybe you should n't fly in a straight line, 
  falcao 2.0, 
  i played cm yesterday after quite a while and i think it 's fine . 
  with wind lace completely . 
  she would be too strong as a ganker with higher move speed, 
  this sounds legit, 
  what the fuck is going on, 
  guess how many pygmies died cutting that table ... hint : six, 
  even tho it 's a dirty solution , you can always fly a bomber in sim, 
  not jail , but they definitely should be put in some mental health institution ... 
  i think it was in group stage against escape . 
  edit : [ yep ] ( http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/2550971502 ) i guess it 's main event only then, 
  our defense looks a bit fucked there does n't it ? 
  irish are simply the best, 
  we really need some pacific missions in sim , send help . 
  yea , i got this bonus last week , bought f-86 , p51-d30 + crews . 
  am poor , can confirm . 
  well , we do n't eat rabbits cause we 'd hate them . 
  they 're just tasty . 
  czechs are always involved in a drinking contest . 
  there are no cis teams left . 
  better than sanogo ? 
  it wo n't these are pretty common in central europe and they are edible . 
  the bfg character was running waaaay too fast, 
  lich, 
  2 spell invoker for noobs, 
  phase boots, 
  basically yes , but thats more than 3 buttons which doesnt meet the noob condition of the build, 
  ai n't a fucking halifax enough ? 
  that shit is op as fuck, 
  that 's not the cannon corsair in the screenshot tho . 
  of course , but what difference would it make if they 'd put a plane of the same br it 's going to be paired with . 
  it does n't matter if they put in corsair or bearcat etc. . . 
  literally the worst beer i 've ever tasted, 
  just gim me pajkatt instead of micke and i 'll be happy, 
  sadly no matter what 's the lineup gon na be it 's gon na be weaker than the previous one . 
  inb4 miracle - pajkatt - bulldog - egm - akke - loda coach ^ kappa, 
  but can he deliver on a stage ? 
  i really liked jonas in nip his legion/axe were almost unbeatable, 
  [ thank you for doing this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bedn-q3ucby ), 
  when i first started with tanks i 've had plagis ( 4.7 spit ) in my lineup with reserves . 
  i was actually wondering if it 's ok that i 'm playing vs tigers and such . 
  i 've got some kill as well tho . 
   clattenburg, 
  i have n't looked up any stats but i guess they should be pretty good, 
  cool video dude , got me hyped to my 3 day hike next week, 
  youtube has this feature where when you close a long video it starts to play where you left off when you open it again . 
  weather forecast looking great so i really ca n't wait !, 
  what is the top left knife please ? 
  i have n't encounter it yet , cause i have n't played much lately . 
  is it really that hard to shut down tho ? 
  i test flown it and it 's clear to me that you cant possibly think about shooting it from behind or from above . 
  what about other angles tho ? 
  is it strong when going on it from the front and lower altitude ? 
  also what 's the br ? 
  is it only in ec2 or ec3 as well ? 
  i think cannons equipped planes should do just fine ... 
  cockpits are the biggest issue . 
  i would n't remove the manual gunners completely although some mechanics about them has to be changed drastically . 
  maybe even more so , i 'd remove the bombing sight and replace it with another crew slot ... 
  so you 'd have to fly over the bases/airfields with the limited view of cockpit and the crew would drop bombs automatically with precision depending on the crew level ... 
  inb4 250 sub goal, 
  well done . 
  nice shots as well, 
  holy shit man , that 's a ridiculously good control of the hatswitch then ... 
  15 minutes in demo hero and you can wreck anyone in 2-3k with meepo honestly ... 
  this please , give me some fucking pacific maps to ec . 
  it would be really fucking awesome to be able to use torpedoes against ai ships ( or perhaps player controlled ships once naval battles are out ) . 
  i just really want some dogfights above sea . 
  it was really fun in the english channel event !, 
  and it was damn brilliant as well, 
  gaijin please !, 
  you have the maps ( hence the english channel event ) . . there are a lot of pacific maps where you just add some extra squares of sea and you are good to go !, 
  we really need something more than grass , more grass and trees in ec !, 
  i fucking hope so, 
  boring boring jose cunt mourinho ... this was literally the worst football match i 've seen in a really long time . . 
  oh maybe i 'm just not used to watching this pile of shit every week . 
  who knows . 
  hope you find it soon mate, 
  xtz earphone 12, 
  for the love of god delete this, 
  i know , no need to remind anyone ... 
  cr1t too stronk, 
  yay tier 3 team !, 
  that 's what you get for being a diving cunt for your whole career , one time you do n't dive and you get a yellow . 
  not just german, 
  [ basically these videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plc4tmhapyjwx0eni_7mfulr8nkiqergwm ) there is also a great video on how to calibrate your joystick properly . 
  for starters i 'd recommend a6m2 , he112 . 
  basically all planes but american will do .
