  not able to hit a barn door . 
  why not rosicky ??? 
  today ? 
  dude he is shit for like a year now, 
  3 injuries, 
  i name columns in camel case, 
  we play like complete utter shit and we do n't give a chance to poldi , rosicky , cambell ... just fuck off already wenger . 
  campbell one of the best in the world cup , rosicky one of the best for us last season . 
  wow , such wallet !, 
  nice to see a windows phone app , was thinking about making one by myself and now i do n't have to !, 
  well ai n't that cunt actually kinda right on this one ? 
  this guy right here , listen to this guy . 
  banter, 
  i hope cazorla wo n't play , i want to see some rosicky and campbell . 
  switch rosicky for cazorla and i might agree, 
  i 'm not polish but it 's fairly similar to czech , i think it 's something like beer challenge : you get nominated to do something then you record a video and nominated other people , that 's what he was talking about before he kicked it . 
  hi , do you have an access to the ios/android app ? 
  i do n't really want to download the android emulator just to check all the different things it says and i do n't feel creative enough to create my own completely ( i 'm afraid it would just be boring ) . 
  let me know with some sort of list of messages it should say and i will make the app in few days . 
  as far as i can tell , it pretty much looks like it is, 
  undying skill 1 , easiest first blood ever . 
  use 3 times in a row and practically every enemy hero is at 250 hp, 
  this is pure trolling from wenger, 
  top kek, 
  all 3 substitutions out of which 2 were because of injuries tho . 
  step 1 : remove eclipse, 
  step 2 : do you really need an ide ? 
  * 2a yes i do : install intelij, 
  * 2b no i do n't : install vim/emacs, 
  step 3 : ??? 
  step 4 : profit !, 
  then you should probably learn something about the empire army, 
  is this gon na be a movie or tv series ? 
  cool , thanks !, 
  10/10 quality read . 
  have some dogecoins + / u/dogetipbot 50 doge, 
  uk islam since 2014, 
  thanks , works much better, 
  what the fuck was ballerin trying there ? 
  come on mate , wenger is old enough lad to play a proper line up, 
  that 's the giroud we deserve , not the giroud we need, 
  itt : why do the stoke fans boo ramsey ? 
  just read the fucking thread before you fucking post people, 
  yea right ? 
  he scored after 19 seconds that 's cuntish . 
  come on ffs stop crying, 
  gibbs could n't even be bothered to try to block the cross . 
  holy shit my ribs are broken and now i 'm in immense pain laughing at this comment . 
  swift as the wolves of icewrack . 
  did n't he say something more like `` for example ppd and pajkatt team just fucking lost . '', 
  or bench him like campbell now / eisfeld in past 3 seasons ... 
  i think he 's been fantastic every pre-season when he actually got a chance to play . 
  he scored a lot of goals from the mid field , his forward passing was great as well . 
  i think he should have gotten a decent chance at least . 
  hi , i think 10-15 % is quite accurate , although closer to 10 % is more relevant than average 12,5 % . 
  it 's also often rounded to something that makes sense . 
  for instance if you should pay 150 , you are probably not gon na go with 165 , instead you go either 160/170 . 
  i think at least 90 % of payments in restaurants are rounded to something you can divide by 10 . 
  dude word installation disc was n't compatible with ubuntu , what makes you think windows disc would ? 
  yep , my stream froze exactly over the time when ramsey scored ... 
   personally , i hope we draw barca and kill the cunts . 
  [ ok ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/82671-ill-allow-it-senor-chang-commu-ferc.gif ), 
  aoe2 hd, 
  nobody knows, 
  mason you fuck , wtf ? 
  ox come on , you ai n't no ramsey, 
  the plan is to hit mertesacker at the near post , bounce it behind him and then someone should finish it . 
  we scored like this maybe twice ? 
  in last 3 years ... so yea , what the fuck is he doing there ?? 
  must be the spray, 
  just wait till wenger gives sanogo a run . 
  i 've seen some great counter attacks from our corners actually . 
  bloody hell santi , that was sexy, 
  if you get a vitality booster then drop it the hp will remain . 
  repeat . 
  / r/michaelbaygifs edit please . 
  kek, 
  time to release the poldi and theo, 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things, 
  yea , i do n't get the giroud sub off , he is great at defending set pieces and shit . 
  coquelin is just useless . 
  oh , you probably missed their match against pr . 
  they literally played like bunch of 2k . 
  you get bfury in 10-12, 
  it 's hard to say really , i still think dendi is great , i quite believe in xvost but rest of the team is just meh . 
  same for alliance , bulldog , loda , akke are great but it 's just not enough for a team . 
  current meta might play some role in this but i dont think it 's that huge, 
  / r/upvotedbecausegirl, 
  he streamed for like a 10 hours today ... 
  just build him differently . 
  all these heroes you mentioned have high mobility , so you probably wan na get a force staff / blink fast instead of something you were used to building . 
  although i do n't see why any of these heroes would affect furion in current patch . 
  pa , slark , am , storm , spectre were untouched and void was nerfed . 
  the only thing is the broodmother which is usually present just on the 1 lane for the majority of the game so you can just rat the other 2 lanes ... 
  what year is it ? 
  still better than void backtracking reaper 's scythe, 
  at home , at my desk , electro-music ( most recently electro swing ) , tea for thirst coffee for taste , at night . 
  because when you 're traveling 900 + kmph ( 560 + mph ) at 30000 feet ai n't no fucking parachute is going to save you dude . 
  finally he 's on a team which has a chance to actually win something . 
  singsing,
