  was n't it a card just because he went right into him instead of going for the ball which was like half a meter other way from the everton guy ? 
  it 's clearly visible from the replay , he should have gone for the ball and stand his ground . 
  not to `` wrestle '' the guy and then go `` somewhere else '' for the ball . 
  i know it was soft but it 's impossible to see if it 's soft or not , no matter how soft it was or was n't he should have gone for the ball not the everton player . 
  it was also off the ball , that 's always a yellow . 
  the ball was heading completely different way - wanker did n't even get it, 
  pep fuck right off please, 
  you move yourself towards the ball , so you can play it . 
  you should not move yourself into other players so they can not play it . 
  if he `` knocked '' him to the ground while playing the ball it would be completely fine , but he did n't even do it where the ball was going . 
  he did n't even get the ball after that . 
  that 's the issue in my eyes . 
  exactly . 
  walker was obviously tilted from the previous decision and he made a retarded mistake, 
  siggy !, 
  has n't he played great in every game for everton ? 
  amazing what a new motivation does to a seemingly washed-out player . 
  because dropping him and playing monreal in the middle vs fucking stoke will make it better for sure . 
  wow, 
  please please please do n't fuck it up, 
  it 's `` announce '' trailer ... they probably just have an engine and proof of concept . . 
  who the fuck cares what this twat has to say lol ? 
  what a twat lol , i hope he gets punished for the false copyright claim, 
  easy way how to solve blue camping till the end : players who die outside of playzone ( and dont take damage from any other palyer last 10s or so ) will be awarded only half the points, 
  players dying outside of playzone - who did n't take damage from any other player last x seconds - should be awarded half of the points . 
  yes please , fuck off, 
  he 's only versatile in being shit in every position, 
  good , it would be total nonsense, 
  fair enough , does n't change the fact that the ox is a useless tosser who in no imaginable way deserves 180k / week . 
  he should play for a team like newcastle at best, 
  i kinda had a feeling that we are completely fucked the moment szczesny left . . 
  chamakh, 
  if they did it all 3 games they 'd have secured at least top 3 finish over all , it can also be done way better . 
  you can have all players looting heals first 2 circles surviving only on bandages and then 1 players gets all the heals, 
  easy way to solve this would be possibility to bind get in/out of car to different key , then you can just do something like ctrl + f, 
  i think you should be able to bind all the different actions to different keys - pick up , open/close door , get in/out of car , revive , loot dead enemy/drop . 
  but you should also be able to do it as it is , for sure not everybody would be comfortable with using different keys for fairly similar actions, 
  he was always going to lose , he knew it . 
  he only fought him for the money . 
  simple as that . 
  xhaka has made 2 mistakes which directly lead to 2 goals in 2 games . 
  i say let 's give wilshere a run and see how he does . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  with which part do you not agree ? 
  xhaka being directly responsible for goals we 've received or wilshere not being ready ? 
  do you think xhaka should be a starter ? 
  hmm , seems like morata is not spanish andy carroll after all ... 
  is this for real ? 
  what the fuck is going on with this club, 
  even if he 'd be . 
  start giroud then . 
  we can actually put all the players from bench to the starting lineup and it 's going to be better than this one . 
  koscielny as well, 
  our 2 key players are back in the squad and wenger still managed to find a way to fuck it up completely, 
  yea i guess it will be more entertaining when we are 3:0 down and halftime , then finally wenger swoops giroud and lacazette upfront so we can equalize the game in the 92nd minute . 
  also somewhere in the middle of this xhaka gets his obligatory red card , cech does n't catch a simple shot and welbeck is gon na miss 2 sitters in the first 10 minutes of the game . 
  good point . 
  completely agree w / walcott over welbeck in this case, 
  my body is not ready, 
  3rd time in 3 games . . xhaka miss-places a pass and the opponent scores . 
  3rd time in 3 games , xhaka gives ball away and the opponent scores . 
  do you remember we were hyped about him last season and were saying `` do n't iwobi him '' . . we have iwobied him . . 
  . . to liverpool, 
  it 's confirmed then . 
  sanogo is coming back so wenger does n't look as retarded for starting welbeck, 
  ggs in the chat . 
  `` pretty little passes going absolutely nowhere '' hahaha that about sums it up, 
  holding , xhaka , ox , welbeck should have never be even considered to start this game . 
  we have players for these position on the bench . 
  why on earth they have n't started the game is beyond me . 
  wenger need to fuck right off . 
  there is no way he talks out from this . 
  absolutely disgraceful management of the squad . 
  you just can not bench our only capable striker and field a defensive midfielder who was directly responsible for 3 goals in 2 games . 
  coquelin might not be the best but he always gives 110 % into everything . 
  for more than a month now . . holy shit when i said this in pre season people would say i 'm retarded, 
  i knew we 're fucked the second we sold szczesny . 
  we should not sell our best talent in years to champions league finalists . 
  we are supposed to offload players to weaker clubs , not selling talents to bigger clubs . 
  i guess that 's few years over and never coming back . 
  shitty player giving 110 % is way better than a good player giving it 20 % and playing out of position . 
  we have way better squad than liverpool and we 're getting schooled, 
  he sits so deep in his fucking chair he does n't even see how much welbeck fucks up, 
  it 's league , goals do n't matter as much . 
  this already is a massive trashing, 
  esc, 
  forfeit match, 
  confirm . 
  riiiiiiiiiiiighhht, 
  offffffffffff, 
  i 'm surprised alexis has n't teared the shirt apart on the bench, 
  remember 7:5 game with reading ? 
  this is it , but we do n't win in the end, 
  if kroenke went to see the games like abramovich does , he would be off the club for years . 
  he just does n't give a flying fuck about football . 
  as long we make him money he 's fine with anything . 
  wenger is going to be here for at least 2 years if kroenke does n't sell . 
  this is how it is and how it 's gon na be, 
  surprised ? 
  he does n't have a spot in the starting lineup so maybe that 's why he 's only one who cares to fight for it,
