  you must have seen a different match, 
  `` fun is hard work , keep the fun going '' ? 
  \\ #moyesin, 
  i guess ... get in ... son ? 
  oh god stones . 
  inb4 1-5-4, 
  sounds legit to me, 
  did you just spell incestland wrong ? 
  dis gon b bad, 
  no way near mate, 
  what the actual fuck was that, 
  the only 2 things you need to know are `` pelota para < insert name  '' and `` gol gol gol gol gol goooooooooooooooooooooool '' anyway, 
  why are we trying to play these set pieces for limbersky ? 
  he 's total rubbish, 
  bookmark it , this guy is streaming plenty of matches, 
  yes, 
  well only 700 people are watching right now . 
  it 's up to 20k while premier league is on at sometimes it 's a little worse but still smoothest hd stream i 've ever seen . 
  sometimes goes off for few minutes as well tho . 
  works just once at the beginning for me, 
  we need kozak to recover from his injury , get some play time at aston villa and then we need him to play as a striker for national team . 
  lafata is good in our rubbish league , he 's no way near international quality . 
  just like half of our squad . 
  it worked for us in the past did n't it ? 
  ( i mean koller ofc ) . 
  necid , i do n't know , i think he 's past his best which i do n't even know when that was . 
  i 'd like to see their confused faces when they 're told they are going to comment the game czech republic vs slovakia, 
  they ca n't even handle the pressure at home, 
  oh here are our great young prospects who went to germany cause they thought they 're good enough for bundesliga just to sit on the bench for a year or two . 
  let 's see what pilar has to show . 
  or davids ? 
  god i loved that guy . 
  he had one very good year i think , everyone expected way too much from him after that . 
  not as much and not as good as robben etc. 
  i think people expect kinda same stuff from those 2 guys . 
  who does n't, 
  wow , so i left for last 5 minutes . 
  that goal was just top kek, 
  you mean more , right ? 
  that was just epic, 
  has anyone here worked with both sfml and some of its bindings ? 
  i 'm currently testing dsfml and i 'm wondering how complete these bindings actually are . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjiqnxtqg8i ), 
  where is it ? 
  i guess bigger arrows would help . 
  place stone nearby magnetized enemy , it refreshes the effect, 
  he almost looks worse in city kit than jenkinson looks in west ham 's, 
  you got ta be fucking shitting me, 
  i ca n't see any , maybe use ad block ? 
  but fernandinho with like 50 fouls today is just ok, 
  he has n't been great in any game this season so far . 
  sanchez pass it mate, 
  fuck yes !!!!!, 
  come on , everybody knows wilshere is shit, 
  hey !, 
  there is sagna !, 
  we are good , oh wait, 
  aguero has bee subbed of for dzeko so ... 2 for dzeko then ? 
  ^ pls ^ no, 
  i love this draw , even more when i remember looserpool fans be like `` come on we lost to manchester fucking city here , it 's not that big of a deal '', 
  cool calculated finish, 
  it 's almost as good as gerrard slip . 
  / banter, 
  but they did , they did score a goal, 
  costa on a way to become bigger cunt than suarez could ever dream, 
  [ i feel like this ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view7/2879247/larry-undecided-o.gif ), 
  ios has one huge disadvantage - you have to use mac book which is a deal breaker for me personally , also objective-c is complete rubbish , swift looks ` kay but you still have to be familiar with obj-c even if you 're gon na start now you ca n't go swift only . 
  also expensive devices - horrible emulator . 
  android suck because of hundreds of resolutions and different devices , also eclipse is complete pain in the ass . 
  android studio looks fine i guess but is far from useful . 
  same problem as ios , android emulators are pain to work with . 
  windows phone * sucks * because of lack of users which is not the mistake of a platform but more like marketing fuck up i think . 
  other than that everything is fine i guess ? 
  2 aspect ratios , 4 resolutions , free version of visual studio which works great as well as emulators . 
  lack of big community is the biggest problem imo . 
  if you want to make money this is useless . 
  dinner, 
  how the fuck is rvp starting instead of falcao ? 
  he 's been rubbish in every game so far . 
  edit : not that i 'm complaining , go on . 
  geez , qpr keeper is total rubbish, 
  this must be the first time you 're watching that malaysian stream , cause believe me , these 3 ads is like all they play all the fuck over again and again . 
  it 's actually annoying as hell, 
  vs qpr ... 
  valencia , lvg playing with fire there, 
  nobody is gon na pay for web-based app and you can pirate apps on android afaik . 
  everybody knows the most money is in ios apps . 
  not all the stuff on mac but it 's still mandatory . 
  you ca n't create an app from scratch to release in app store without using mac . 
  fookin hoof it , right ? 
  i 'm convinced that wenger is gon na play this for like 2 years until it somehow starts working . 
  i do n't like this i do n't like this i do n't like this, 
  arteta with his best gerrard impression, 
  ballerin is so damn shaky , just hoof it boy when you are not sure, 
  [ i meant few seconds before that ] ( http://www.football-banter.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/gerrard-slip.gif ), 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  on the bench !, 
  3 games , 6 points, 
  everything basically, 
  look at chelsea 's defense and ours , get it ?
