  but i agree there would be more goals in games . 
  at least in the beginning until someone develops game style which would prevent it . 
  just like offside trap nowadays . 
  yes . 
  but if there were no injuries , he would play for us . 
  i do n't understand your argument . 
  he 's on loan , we did n't sell him . 
  it absolutely does n't . 
  luke already is referred to as a `` last jedi '' since yoda died . 
  he 's also mentioned as the last jedi in the ep . 
  7 opening titles . 
  the end . 
  he112 - imo the best turn fighter at its rank and the best starters plane , good weapons as well, 
  p38 - easy to fly , great vision , good weapons, 
  f4ud - takes a while to get useful but can outfly anything at its br , has 4 cannons and plenty of ammo, 
  whoops , thanks !, 
  also klopp did n't spend 250 million, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=069y1mpokqy this should explain it, 
  just trying to exit vim, 
  brilliant, 
  ftfy, 
  as a non english . . that was bloody hard to follow, 
  and you 're correct , the taste does n't quite match the hype of the bottle . 
  alongside with charlie fuckwit adam he 's one of the cuntest cunt in football, 
  damn i whish their manager gave him like 5 minutes of playtime . 
  i gave away my am2 + build 2 years ago , i have n't used much desktop once i started to work on notebook but the build is still in use nowadays . 
  6400 + what a beast !, 
  for ( ; , 
  yes, 
  so i have a build in my bookmarks based on i5-7400 for over a month now ... guess i can wait a little longer for r5, 
  easiest way is to roughly dry it and then put it in the freezer . 
  at least that 's what i do, 
  exactly , i keep it in the freezer until i use it again, 
  scourer - bozkov , vinegar , pepper, 
  p51-ds in general, 
  what classic joke of a uefalona penalty, 
  thanks a lot man , we have just arrived !, 
  cant wait to get on the slopes, 
  holy shit holy shit cant wait !, 
  damn , that was a year i properly started following arsenal . 
  i 'm sorry guys , my bad . 
  2 unit tests run, 
  0 failures, 
  2 out of 2 unit tests passed, 
  not next year , joke 's on you !, 
  my main language is c # , for light serverside scripting i usually go with python ( 2.7 ftw ) and recently i 've got into android programming using java ( unfortunately ) . 
  every time i 've traveled with a big backpack on a flight from bigger airport they made me go to the `` over sized '' luggage check in . 
  they said it 's just because all the straps and shit could stuck somewhere , no big deal . 
  i have no idea how this works while traveling on multiple planes , but i guess it 's just fine . 
  on a side note friend of mine has just returned from the other side of the world and even just a small backpack has arrived a week later . 
  i 'm actually going with very similar build . 
  only ordered the case so far tho cause i 'm waiting for the ryzen 5 . 
  i was deciding between the nzxt s340 and fractal design define c and went with the fractal in the end . 
  another difference is that i decided to go with corsair rm650x and no water cooler . 
  i absolutely can not wait for the r5 release . 
  i 'm waiting since the r7 release . 
  i 'm gon na go with 1500x probably . 
  my coffee cup . 
  finishing my new build in 2 days so i 'm just gon na try my luck , 
  we have the `` kazachstan '' style of race in the czech republic as well , i think it 's even the most popular, 
  yea it totally is . 
  i have a business laptop which has an i7 but only the intel hd graphics ... 2 years ago i used to have like 50-70 fps on decent details , now i have everything down to the bottom and i 'm glad when i do n't go under 30 during the game ... 
  i bet he wanted to nerf eearth spirit but missclicked ^ kappa, 
  come on now , everybody knows that real french messi is sanogo, 
  it 's 10 in the morning , i 'm refreshing 3 eshops like crazy for 2 hours now . 
  and it still says `` sale starts 11.4.2017 '' . 
  i need it now !, 
  i 'm on a budget - well kinda i could get a 1600 if i wanted to . 
  anyway i decided to go with 1500x because 2 things basically : better performance per core ( better for gaming ) , better cooler ( perhaps for overclocking ) . 
  i do n't think 4c/8t will become obsolete super fast . 
  depends how long would you want it to last . 
  i think 2-3 years should be absolutely fine for this cpu ( considering intel cpus are still basically the same from 3 years ago ) . 
  if you 're building whole new pc perhaps buy a little cheaper gpu ( like 460/70 instead of 480 ) and change the gpu in a year or 2, 
  i actually sent an email to the shop few days ago asking if they have them in stock and start selling on 11.4 or they will get them 11.4 . 
  they said they get them 11.4 ... 
  for some reason i thought he was talking about 1500x/1400 sorry . 
  i bet millions of jews killed by zyklon b would disagree . 
  blame the eu , euro is a fucking bullshit . 
  i 'm surprised that you 're surprised about this . 
  just take a look at every game on steam . 
  the highest price is usually in gbp followed by the fucking euro . 
  exactly the same mate , got my first laptop in high school had another 2 since then . 
  finally i 've decided the time has come to say goodbye , good luck and have fun with your build !, 
  it 's actually set to white . 
  i made it so it matches the fans . 
  looks better with the side panel on , but it 's worse to take a picture with it . 
  edit : ok , after i posted the comment i got it . 
  lol, 
  nice and solid , i bough it just because i was very happy with gigabyte products before honestly . 
  i was with intel for last 7 years or so , although all my desktop builds were amd based ( some sempron 12ish years ago and athlon 6400 + 9ish years ago ) . 
  i 'm just so happy right now that there is a competition again , i was super hyped when ryzen was announced and even more hyped when i got my hands on it . 
  have fun building !, 
  well ca n't we all say that we 're happy there is competition on the market once again ? 
  it 's 1500x . 
  yea the cooler is a slight disappointment but it 's not bad . 
  edit : [ full specs ] ( https://pcpartpicker.com/list/pblkps ), 
  [ here you go ] ( https://pcpartpicker.com/list/pblkps ) you might wan na pick up faster ram , i just grab these because they were available at the time i bought it and i do n't really care that much . 
  also maybe get a rx580 instead of rx480 ? 
  i could n't be happier , but i 've only tried one new game so far which is pubg - and that 's a game that 's not very well optimized ( i can run it on ultra but not @ 60fps fullhd , although the only time i tried it on ultra was while raining , maybe it would be better in normal weather ) . 
  also coming from an integrated hd4400 - it 's almost like coming from a console ,
