  now how am i supposed to finish up a wounded bomber without thinking about this ? 
  damn, 
  x = price of a new chain, 
  y = the cost of picking up of this chain from the bottom of the ocean, 
  x  y ? 
  no it wo n't, 
  y  x ? 
  yes it will, 
  some surveillance aircraft i suppose, 
  pro tip : do n't go to prague , have the same lunch for 2 people for the same price . 
  they should kick communication then, 
  is this ec3 ? 
  if so there is a huge probability that i 'm a part of that train, 
  yep, 
  cocks out lads, 
  thank you newcastle, 
  they should have played this at the stadium after the match, 
  is this for real ? 
  implication is that we do n't know for sure if np even exists , eventually all problems might turn out as p, 
  fc schalke 04 - german `` soccer '' team , playing in german top division - bundesliga . 
  football team - soccer team, 
  savage, 
  savage, 
  it 's made in czech republic but recently it added hiking maps for all world . 
  you have to turn the hiking maps on by clicking on `` zmenit mapu '' in the top left corner and then select `` turisticka '' . 
  i 'm not sure about the coverage in canada , hope you have a luck with that , 
  edit : you have to zoom quite a loot for hiking trails to appear, 
  bomber cockpits please . 
  all of them !, 
  still not legit player for even tier 3 team, 
  his finnish was n't good enough, 
  well played canada !, 
  they are just rubbing it in by this face off , lol, 
  speculations say it was on purpose of easier semi final game, 
  or you know , you can just send a sms, 
  til , srsly what the fuck, 
  it always makes my girlfriend so sad . 
  are there event any more ? 
  my friend has a rum bar with over 200 of rums . 
  i could take a few pictures this week , cause it 's definitely not going to fit into a single one . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qx5rzvf.jpg ) is a picture , not capturing the whole length of bar ( this is like 2/3rds of it . 
  its event extended on width of like 6 bottles ) also there are bottles above the bar itself all around . 
  that 's useless , i want a cockpit so i can read the instruments . 
  played half of a one video and it 's absolutely full of fucking bullshit, 
  finished above man city , man united , chelsea ... 
  beaten the champions twice in the season ... 
  second place in the league . 
  * sigh *, 
  really well put together, 
  hiking !, 
  beer !, 
  the best thing is hiking to some pub honestly . 
  phd student . . probably bubble sort, 
  brilliant, 
  most czech people value cost over comfort . 
  oh slovakia thanks for saving this for us , i totally thought this was gon na be from czech republic . 
  you cant steal eclipse cause nobody plays luna, 
  they went for an early push , silver edge is pretty expensive item which does basically nothing speaking of push . 
  it just did n't fit their strategy . 
  by the time their strategy has failed it was too late going back for the silver edge . 
  if np picked up a shadow blade early he would n't have his maelstorm and their push would be a lot weaker , while shadow blade would do absolutely nothing in their overall strategy . 
  you might want to buy some more additional ram while you are at it , otherwise it 's ok . 
  although 4gb of ram is really not that much , you would n't be able to run anything but dota at the same time . 
  oops indeed, 
  it sure does mate, 
  yea the sticker, 
  is this a new map in ec ? 
  wow i totally missed this , have n't played yesterday . 
  that 's awesome, 
  from [ bitstickers ] ( https://bitstickers.net/ ) . 
  i ordered just one which is shown on the picture and they sent me one the same for free as well as 4 bitcoin stickers for free . 
  it cost me 4659 doge with shipping and it arrived in just about 3-4 days . 
  i 'm from eu so the arrival from serbia was really quick , i kinda feel bad for buying just one but i just wanted to try it out and finally spend some doge . 
  balotelli ? 
  how the fuck is this dickhead still relevant to anybody ? 
  nice one !, 
  twats, 
  brood ? 
  ok , we can close this sub , no one is gon na top that, 
  it 's actually easiest challenge ... 
  there is like 750k people in dota constantly which is 75k games at once , average game length is let 's say 35 minutes ... scan has 270s cooldown . 
  which means per game each team can use 7 scans which is 14 per game . 
  if you wa n't you can hit 100 % of the scans =  see a hero ? 
  scan him !, 
  so every 35 minutes ( average game length ) you can get a 1000000 successful scans ( in 75k concurrent games ) ... this challenge could actually be done in a day . 
  navi probably , alliance on the other hand ... 
  i actually do n't think so this time : /, 
  nope , that only counts while serving the ball . 
  when you hit the net you have a new serve , if you hit the net again opponent gets the point . 
  might be correct , it 's a looooong time since i last played ... 
  really ca n't tell if trolling or just reaaaaally really stupid ... 
  you ca n't invite shit teams just because there are not any good in a region , that 's not how it works, 
  i 'm pretty sure if eg has n't disbanded like twice since the roster lock , and either dc or col actually won something ( or be 2-4 for that matter ) na would 've 2 invites ... 
  they have shit teams , you can not invite shit teams just because . 
  it 's supposed to be the most stacked tournament of the year , not the most region balanced tournament . 
  how many titles does na dota have in 2016 ? 
  nah dude , you just have to rape and holocaust them a little, 
  i can only imagine all the meat delivered to his mother 's house . 
  even some czech people with talking issues ( i do n't know the name of the condition ) ca n't say \u0159 , most of them use \u017e . 
  i get the same false/true count,
