  because he was brilliant , remember iwobi ? 
  he was great for 3-4 games then everybody started trashing him . 
  we did the same to holding . . 
  hyped him , expected too much , he made a few mistakes ( which is absolutely expectable ) , gets trashed , looses all confidence . 
  we iwobied him ... 
  he 'd just kick himself and lose the ball . 
  i 'm not even joking, 
  never gon na happen until kroenke is out or wenger goes himself, 
  alexis has just imagined how he 's on the opposing side of this trashing in a month or so lol, 
  you mean we should have played 2 strikers in the center ? 
  but ... but that 's impossible , you ca n't do that !, 
  you were saying ? 
  coquelin has been the only player who showed up today, 
  if i understand this correctly welbeck is not even championship level , right ? 
  wonder who 's gon na want to sign for us for the rest of the transfer window now, 
  mind games, 
  well played liverpool . 
  even tho we 've made it so simple for them , they showed a good spirit and performance . 
  no bullshit from their side . 
  who would want to join a team playing like this ? 
  it 's not the scoreline it 's how it happened, 
  so is coquelin rofl, 
  brilliant, 
  looking forward to the `` we lose every week , we lose every week , you 're nothing special we lose every week '' after the international break ... 
  the first valve tournament for dota2 - the international , which was the biggest tournament in history by then was full of bugs as well . 
  far more than this one and the prize pool was 1 million . 
  r5 1500x stock with 8gb rx480 , my settings is 1920x1200 , aa : ultra , pp : high , shadows : high , texture : ultra , effects : very low , foliage : ultra , view distance : ultra, 
  and i 'm around 60-70 fps . 
  my lowest sometimes hits 50-55 , and highest is around 80-90 . 
  overall it 's pretty stable, 
  yeeeeeeeeees , thank god !, 
  one down , welbeck to go, 
  wip textures, 
  and wilsh, 
  please get the fuck off, 
  chelsea would not play him at all , he 's utter rubbish, 
  stevie g. has scored 40 goals in his first 6 seasons , this twat has scored 9 and no more than 2 per season . 
  please please please leave, 
  more chance of welbeck becoming next henry honestly, 
  thank god he 's gone, 
  liquor and hookers, 
  yes but it 's bloody useless, 
  gerrard has actually scored 28 goals at this age . 
  3 times as much . 
  it 's 4-5th lowest , although tottenham are still gon na spend some money i guess . 
  financial fair play at its finest, 
  monreal is old , welbeck is useless , cazorla and debuchy are always injured . 
  ramsey and walcott will sign no matter what because nobody would want them . 
  cech and ospina are problem , because i do n't think martinez will be ready to be our no. 1 and akpom ? 
  he should have been in our main squad for 2 years now instead of welbeck , sanogo , perez or should have been sold already . 
  premier league : 7th ( behind man united , man city , chelsea , liverpool , tottenshit , everton in no particular order ), 
  fa cup : wo n't make it to top4, 
  efl : eliminated first round in the play offs, 
  top scorer : walcott : 18, 
  3 key players ( defender , goalkeeper and striker ) will suffer a longer term injury , once will be before january transfer window so we will at least sign an underwhelming replacement . 
  at the end of the season alexis and ozil are gone , we are not even in the europa league , wenger is gone and 5 years of rebuilding the middle table team begins . 
  top lad , shame that wenger is welbeck-retarded, 
  wilshere for coquelin , walcott for nelson . 
  as soon as ozil or sanchez start doing their lazy shit swap sanchez for nelson and ozil for ramsey . 
  i really fucking hope xhaka gets his shit together, 
  mertesacker, 
  how is mustafi not committed to the club ? 
  was n't that thing about him going to inter just a big load of shit ? 
  we should never again play ramsey as defensive midfielder . 
  he need the ozil role where you hardly expect any defending from him . 
  he 's not reliable going back . 
  i do n't want wilshere to play a 90 minutes either , but i think he could do 60 and wo n't do any worse than anyone else . 
  he 's not on the fitness level to play a full game but he wo n't do any horrible fuck ups i think . 
  nelson is looking great of course but i 'm worried we will iwobi him just like holding ... 
  xhaka has been directly responsible for 4 goals in 3 games . 
  that 's just too much for a dm . 
  i realize it 's not just his fault but when you are a defensive player you can not pass to an opponent in your defensive third . 
  just fucking hoof it, 
  then what about that tweet where his agent confirmed he 's just laying his ass off on the couch during the deadline day ? 
  i 'm gon na call flamini to fucking blind me if this is our next lineup, 
  marcelo, 
  if you go for a crate with kar98 and 8 times , you are either retarded or you dont care whats in it . 
  better remove m24 from crates, 
  wow what a piece of twat, 
  it 's easy to program a bot which is able to automatically queue , to automatically open the parachute ... 
  bots, 
  so when you do n't damage any player and crash on the motorbike going to the last circle you get nothing ? 
  you may wan na sit down before you find out who used kar98k . 
  guns do n't kill people , people kill people . 
  beer costs like 0.5 $ in shops, 
  4d chess from mane, 
  absolute shite , just like he looked playing for us . 
  he 's not tracking back , firmino has to do twice as much to cover for him , he 's constantly behind someone not being free to pass to . 
  had like 3 touches . 
  he just keeps walking around like a headless chicken . 
  literally easiest liverpool player to spot on the pitch because when everyone in the red shirt is running he 's the only one walking . . there was even a moment where firmino sprinted pass him to defend on the wing because ox could n't be arsed to move a bit . 
  caught asleep , pass coming to him , city player runs from like 2m behind him to intercept it . . it was the first pass to him i saw . . 
  nothing to do with ox , but then again , nothing in this game has anything to do with him ... 
  now showing up with his signature low cross right into the guy in front of him , wins throw in near the corner , then comes in with absolutely unnecessary challenge to foul aguero ... 
  if this is n't the best sell in premier league history i do n't know what is, 
  sane just cunted one in from 17m away at least , guess who was in the middle of nowhere instead of defending . 
  also it now appears that ederson is not ded . 
  game over . 
  5:0 , liverpool fucked back, 
  he started on the right wing .
