  i wan na try doom this weekend which i 've got for free with the gpu , but from what i 've heard doom is the other extreme - it runs well on every machine . 
  ugh , never touched that stuff, 
  nice !, 
  we have the same case bro !, 
  holding bossing aguero on the line , priceless, 
  exactly the same problem . . happened only once to me , but i only played 4 games, 
  and then he dies outside the zone ... 
  from a plastic cup with ice . 
  pu said in an interview they 'd like to create a snowy weather / map . 
  but they need to work on performance first because they 'd like to include like footsteps in the snow for all the players ... 
  i see you have this no shadows issue as well . 
  since when is this happening to you ? 
  i did n't tho , i was messing around with the settings , turned shadows to ultra and they disappeared . . then when i try all possible settings they did n't show up again . 
  break is easily the best player i 've seen playing this game, 
  edit : he also plays the game maxed out which is commendable cause most players turn most details off to have visual advantage over others . 
  sanchez and no cazorla . 
  simple as that, 
  giving away 3 keys , pm me , 
  edit : all gone boys, 
  lol , i thought this was screenshot from pubg and i was like : why does n't he just adjust his zeroing ? 
  the best part imo , was the last minute and a half of the over time when they played intentionally for penalty killing . . 
  oh yea ... by far, 
  squad games are waaay easier than solo games , so there is that . . 
  well i guess it strongly depends on playstyle then , because i really find the squad games much easier . 
  angel rangel , demba ba , van der vaart, 
  i 've had my first yesterday after 200 games, 
  for fucks sake for the millionth time . . people working on guns are not the people working on optimalisation you fuckwit !, 
  i 'm quite sure what he meant by that is , you should be able to find the m24 in the wild ... he knows it 's exactly the same weapon . 
  it shoots 700 rounds/minute, 
  scar-h perhaps ? 
  m1 garand please, 
  more like silenced ump with 4x scope tbh , it wo n't be much effective at greater range, 
  would make perfect sense , but i think they would just use another sniper model to fit this use case so the game seems more diverse . 
  using the same in-game model ( more or less ) would seem just lazy to the major audience imo . 
  m1 garand ? 
  would be super cool, 
  great, 
  holy fuck , how is he this stupid ? 
  you mean correct ? 
  this is the best thing added to dota since launch, 
  for me at has gotten a lot better !, 
  i used to get around 20-30 fps when in plane/air now it 's 60-70 . 
  in the game it used to be 40-70 and now it 's 60-90 . 
  so huge improvements for me personally . 
  brilliant, 
  this happened to me on the old patch 2-3 times as well, 
  both , like kar but less likely to be found around the map, 
  exactly what i thought , the silencer on the vss seems to have much greater effect than the silencers on other weapons . 
  both giroud and carroll were much better than this . 
  i have the same case and it 's super easy to build . 
  its the best to leave on top isnt it ? 
  i think i creamed myself a little, 
  i creamed my pants a little, 
  na aim lul, 
  i always either find the 8x scope and silencer for a sniper , or a sniper with 2x or red dot ... 
  and that one time i decide to go for a drop i find m249 with 2 8x scopes or an awm with no scope and i have to use the red dot ... 
  the first kill in the video is with sks nad he fires it like an ump, 
  monaco, 
  hopefully we get to see this cunt off the pl, 
  there is a ski center already, 
  is there a way how to find out what the record in pubg is ? 
  cool , thanks !, 
  holy fuck , i wonder if monreal is going to evade standing next to him as much as possible in group pictures . 
  guy is massive, 
  i know that you are probably retarded and i 'm just wasting my time replying to your idiot comment , but some issues , no matter how much money do you have , are just impossible to solve over night . 
  maybe just get a 2017 pc to run a 2017 game . 
  czech republic - europe, 
  did n't they fix it in last weeks update ? 
  it has n't happened to me since and i think it was even part of the patch notes . 
  edit : https://www.playbattlegrounds.com/news/76.pu it 's there , should be fixed, 
  this is so fucking sad , every time i read something about his injuries i just remember him bossing iniesta and xavi at the age of 19 then i cry for a while . 
  what part of `` small purchase '' did you not understand exactly ? 
  his ingame name is mrgrimmmz tho ... 
  battleblock theater , magicka, 
  juve might use him , psg , atletico i do n't fucking care . 
  but if we sell another of our absolute key player to our rivals i think i 'm fucking done . 
  if he leaves to pl club this summer i 'm fucking done with arsenal . . 
  i seriously cant take this shit anymore . . even if we sign fucking ronaldo, 
  exactly , as far as they do n't hurt anyone else it 's just natural selection at its finest, 
  my body is ready for some football !, 
  coyg !, 
  nigel with a humble chuckle after being called a legend , love it, 
  never saw coquelin not go full coquelin, 
  i have a feeling wenger is not gon na rush these young talents so much anymore after what happened to wilshere ... 
  holy shit bielik is 19 , i thought he was 19 back when we signed him . 
  unfortunately , not often , twice by now, 
  he looked the same like 10-15 minutes ago, 
  he 's been really good that one season before his injury and monreal 's takeover . 
  had no chance coming back after monreal showed how good and consistent he is, 
  damn i 'd creamed myself if that went in, 
  it 's actually the only thing that works really good now in first person , or am i missing something ? 
  it 's not , only thing you have to be careful about are cheeky rocks behind horizons, 
  should be our top scorer no doubt , not gon na demand any particular amount of goals . 
  also hopefully his fitness levels are good so he can play 90 minutes every game similar how alexis can . 
  have , must have been, 
  yes please , fuck off to psg, 
  right ? 
  i think he 'd be great, 
  you think we are going to play the league with elneny as a centerback ? 
  calm your tits mate .
