  american planes need a lot more practice imo compared to other countries . 
   i would love to experience more of czech republic outside of the tourist trap of prague . 
  what you suggested is the complete opposite of this, 
  yea can confirm , i stopped for a while after few games at silver iii , came back at silver ii again after ~ 30 kills game, 
  the problem is that all my friends i used to play with are too high . 
  so the stupid game wo n't allow us to play together, 
  thanks , hopefully i 'm gon na be able to get in touch with someone over that sub . 
  gnabry  ox ... why did n't he get a proper chance , cause he 's not english ? 
  you can do a week long hikes alongside low tatras , mala & velka fatra are more suitable for 3-4 day hikes as they are not as big . 
  i 've done 4 multiday hikes in slovakian mountains , i 'm not clearly an expert but i know the routes quite well . 
  pm me if you wa n't some details on the routes / when to go etc. . . 
  kek . 
  which dongles does one need to open it ? 
  at the bottom left there is a toolbar which says `` ask me anything '' . 
  just type in : `` can you fuck off ? '' . 
  should work, 
  i wonder if she has one, 
  vsvim - the only thing i need . 
  constantly ... 
  i 'm always like `` hey let 's random few games ! '', 
  300 mmr less later : tryharding with slark or w/e, 
  repeat, 
  it 's not the kind of penalty i like to see given , but i 've seen worse . 
  far far worse . 
  it was a penalty cause there was some contact with his foot ( and the defender obviously knew that judging from his reaction ) , the problem is that sanchez was already somewhat falling anyway . 
  i played over hour long game vs a guy who decided to disconnect after a die back in minute 65 a the game was not scored because of poor network conditions ... 
  i think we need to fix this first honestly ... 
  my body is ready, 
  purge analysis kreygasm, 
  and with gyro as well !, 
  i smell salt mines, 
  if you 're 12, 
  is it black friday because they are all black or the other way around ? 
  what is op about it ? 
  literally the easiest bomber to one shot with rockets ... 
  clinkz, 
  but can you make a platemail using 5 rings ? 
  i dont think so . . 
  oh , talking about rb eh ? 
  well they are easy to shot down in sim ... 
  til : shadow deamon has aghs upgrade, 
  ember spirit aghs would be just fine if you could have choose one remnant that you want to jump to . 
  for example you are bot and have spirit in base , you can cast remnant to bot lane , return home using the one you already have there then go back to bot and then tp top ... 
  still it would n't be purchased much imo , maybe instead of skadi but aghs stats are just not that good . 
  rng means every hit you have a same chance to bash . 
  prng means that with every hit you do n't bash the chance to bash increases, 
  i play on low details , so i only see the skeleton . . feelsbadman, 
  except od, 
  dota is not popular enough in cz, 
  - lost after being 17k ahead in 44:30, 
  - also if i remember correctly , last 40 minutes or so was just them pushing into us 4v5 cause they had techies and begging us to finally give up, 
  - we had 92 kills ( 160k hero dmg ) vs their 80 ( 130k dmg ), 
  - no rapiers were bought on either side, 
  itt : people who did n't get it . 
  i 'm pretty sure bulldog would be better carry than general, 
  holy fuck group b, 
  1 ) inb4 0 feelsbadman, 
  na power lul, 
  damn and i was so pissed off when collision detection did n't work properly in my games made in few hours ... 
  ca n't be real , right ? 
  almost noone will ever buy it over echo sabre / hurricane pike, 
  they are all early-midgame items for carries . 
  s&y currently doesnt do anything useful unlike the other 2 items . 
  well when it 's javascript , then stage 2 is appropriate, 
  most teams have team houses , they can probably afford a team island now . 
  also , who the hell buys sny in 2016 ? 
  honestly ... 
  also some pretty big mistakes, 
  why tho ? 
  it 's not op ... maybe they could make it like the blademail with current build up would not work through bkb and it could be upgrade-able with some 1000 recipe to make it work through bkb . . 
  also sniper showed up in lane , and he even bought the blademail before the sniper got rapier i think, 
  sometimes a ward wins you longer games . 
  blademail can be countered as well ... just do n't attack the hero . 
  it 's not like he got killed by an axe or something . 
  yea ok i agree it 's not exactly counter but they still could have disengage at the point and fight them when the blademail wears off . 
  the fact that all happened so fast was more like outplay from eg . 
  they won because they executed that fight perfectly , because noone was fuckton out of position ( buyback on cooldown , 6-slotted - farming neutrals without vision ) . . not because of blademail being retarded, 
  cuntest cunt in football, 
  we absolutely need ec on pacific maps . . at least 1 . 
  playing ec where you have to land on a carrier would be brilliant, 
  just get a thunderbolt and farm those bvs with rockets, 
  to be fair he probably does n't even know that ... 
  succeed ? 
  he ca n't keep up with the big rinks in khl tho . . 
  dude if your router is dying and you know and you still proceed to ruin few games by trying to play an online game without proper internet connection then you damn well deserve low prio, 
  it 's one of the better mainstream brands . 
  nothing extra tho . 
  - staropramen is one of the worst ( alongside with gamrinus , krusovice ), 
  - kozel is for a mainstream brand quite decent, 
  - most pilsner urquell you get in czech is shite cause all the good pu is being exported . 
  i still hope he proves himself over next 3 seasons and we somehow get him back :(, 
  it 's enough when meepo is in the game , right ? 
  who the fuck cares ? 
  cocks out lads, 
  to be fair , if there were no injuries walcott , wilshere and gibbs would be our regular starters . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ouxw328wyi like this ? 
  afcon would be disaster, 
  it does n't reward defense for being slack . 
  it rewards defense being organized well . 
  when one defender is a half a yard of his position the defense is fucked .
