  then milner came on and basically covered everything for him so he slowly moved across the field and finished the game on the left wing . 
  i have honestly no idea what he was supposed to be doing on the field because he did absolutely nothing . 
  liverpool looked decent until the red card . 
  but honestly with no joke ox coming on for them killed the game more than the red card . 
  no problem at all mate , let 's demolish bournemouth now !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ please, 
  why ca n't we play ramsey in welbeck position , welbeck in no position and elneny/coquelin next to xhaka, 
  starting someone else over welbeck does n't solve the ramsey defending position issue . 
  honestly start whoever over welbeck but the issue is that ramsey is offensive player and xhaka ca n't cover for him while he runs forward constantly . 
  also is n't iwobi coming from an injury or something ? 
  let 's do this boys, 
  they have oxlade chamberlain now tho, 
  back 3 mustafi kos monreal , xhaka and ramsey as cm , ballerin kolasinac as wb , welbeck and ozil behind lacazette, 
  well fuck me sideways, 
  easily the best signing of the window overall, 
  are we still playing ballerin as the last player after what happened at liverpool ? 
  xhaka really wants to cunt one in, 
  what a brilliant finish !, 
  i creamed myself a bit, 
  like a new signing, 
  monreal with a scorpion attempt, 
  it 's like 3 already right ? 
  good news, 
  jogger on the field, 
  are americans really that retarded they do n't fucking hide their stuff which can fly away and damage other property when they know the hurricane is coming for days ? 
  either buy a 2017 pc to play 2017 game , or wait and pray they optimize it properly for older devices, 
  i 'd play him defensively next to xhaka and either drop ramsey or move him forward and drop someone else . 
  but i suppose we ca n't really drop welbeck anymore . 
  this is when we play the same formation as we played against bournemouth , if we switch things a little and let wilshere be the only cm or cdm for that matter i think dropping xhaka is fine . 
  if i remember correctly the wilshere-ramsey midfield used to work very well while it lasted, 
  from a developers point of view it makes most sense to do the most optimizations in the end of development . 
  because when you optimize prematurely you might find adding more features difficult or even impossible . 
  with these performance drawbacks they are keeping doors open to new features and new ways to solve different issues . 
  to me it looks like it zooms a little - like when you previously hold the button , then zooms in completely, 
  oh i actually did n't notice when clicking , so it 's just more visible when holding to aim i guess, 
  1 . some places in north-west region have some pretty bad areas . 
  vietnamese live pretty much everywhere , as far as i know kids integrate pretty well , all vietnamese around 15 + which i 've ever talked to speak fluent czech , older generation like around 40 not so much, 
  most of the highways are disaster compared to italy/germany, 
  4 . yes, 
  5 . we will complain about everything, 
  6 . above, 
  7 . they occupied us for a long time, 
  d1 is not a big infrastructure project on a world scale . 
  not even close . 
  expecting nelson , wilshere and kola to show up, 
  is it really that bad with dresden fans ? 
  i live in czech republic relatively close to dresden and was thinking about going to see a game . 
  is it a risk ? 
  and drunk as fuck, 
  he looked a bit off in late minutes in every game he 's played imo , i think he needs match fitness . 
  ok , thanks, 
  yea i 've heard the atmosphere is amazing that 's why i consider going !, 
  thanks for the tips . 
  holy shit, 
  not to start him , give him 20-30 minutes . 
  resting never made anyone 's fitness better . 
  shit 's gon na blow up tonight for sure, 
  to be fair cologne has 0 points from 3 games and 1:7 score . 
  have you ever seen german fans without drums ? 
  yea i understand , but do n't they get some sort of an exception in away sector ? 
  remind me again why we sold a world class talent goalkeeper and loaned out young talented goalkeeper ? 
  to play ospina ? 
  calm down mate , we are doing this the arsenal way . 
  ^ please ^ do n't ^ repeat ^ your ^ comment ^ after ^ the ^ game, 
  why the fuck are you trashing holding ? 
  if he has to makes his run it 's entirely midfield fault . 
  release the wilsh !!!, 
  love me some bosnian tank, 
  him and ozil . 
  ozil just does n't shine as much as he does n't get enough support from the rest of the team, 
  he 's great for what he is . 
  a backup player . 
  wilsh !, 
  cocks out, 
  ~ ~ car ~ ~, 
  train, 
  i just wish this could be projected on the big screen at the emirates, 
  it was n't him , it was amn . 
  he 's in almost every clip there , he was great because of what he did most of the time . 
  pass forward not facing the goal then burst out with a run . 
  always worked, 
  butthurt much ? 
  what a cool finish, 
  hold my beer, 
  those are completely different things tho , when you are underwater you inhale , when you shoot you exhale . 
  he was actually pretty fucking bad against koln, 
  yea and i know we should n't speculate what if . . but what if we won like 6:1 if he would n't bottle over half of the passes and counter attacks ? 
  luiz is a fucking donkey , why chelsea signed him again is beyond me . 
  right proper wanker, 
  all defense seemed superb to me today . 
  monreal was mental going pumped into every challenge , mustafi did well as our last man . 
  impressive performance . 
  i do n't actually have a motm today nor do i have a worst player , i 'm totally happy with how we did , it 's only a shame we did n't win . 
  also last 10 minutes were a bit scrappy from both sides , otherwise a really nice game of football . 
  david luiz and defender of the year in one sentence ? 
  honestly either enable all the options which you are able to set in ini files in the game or easily regenerate the ini file in case there is something fishy . 
  why put the responsibility on player ? 
  take care yourselves . 
  every time we play, 
  he was n't .
