  i would n't want to seem whiny , so in my next comment i will speak solely of my triumphant penis . 
  my triumphant penis !, 
  in my story , the car s owner is the greeks , the auto repair guys are the various greek governments , the auto repair guys friends are the ones benefitting from the greek governments ' corrupt practices ( both greeks and non greeks ) , and the friend who lends money is the eu . 
  so i am saying its mostly our governments ' fault . 
  so greece 's fault overall . 
  sorry if that was n't clear to you . 
  and there i was , thinking that there was more to the us than fox news , and that there were a lot of americans that would be able to inform me about their own country 's policies and issues . 
  i will probably be asleep , given that the game starts at 1:30 am where i am . 
  but i ll check out the results and the highlights first thing in the morning . 
  corpus_fisti ... that 's a subtle pun right ? 
  i am greek , if that is what you are getting at . 
  edit : forgot to speak solely of my triumphant penis , as promised above . 
  so your point is the same as someone else 's below , i.e. 
  that a greek 's bias makes his points moot on greek issues ? 
  well then . 
  if you 're american , your opinion is moot on american issues . 
  replace with your nationality if i guessed wrong . 
  and see how logical it seems . 
  edit : i had written you 're as your . 
  that is a fair point , and i agree . 
  but if you think that we got where we are through simply `` not taking care of our country '' , your approach is rather simplistic . 
  but hey , i 've just seen a guy get guilded for saying greeks are stupid , so fuck it , have an upvote . 
  calais has been answered . 
  the southeastern europe , simply because the middle east is a mess like never before . 
  turkey has more than a million refugees in camps from the war in syria alone . 
  and there is iraq , lybia ... afghans also come through the middle east . 
  i saw them live in paris back in 2003 . 
  the intensity of their show and the crowd was incredible . 
  rip guru ... the drama near guru 's death was a shame . 
  and that is a clear message . 
  he thinks he is better than he actually is . 
  if he doesnt get grinding , and since a trade seems unlikely , his career will suffer a great blow . 
  kapino is definitely not on the same level as roberto yet . 
  he needs to work and to be humble . 
  this is olympiakos . 
  no doubt he is capable of big things , but he needs to rise to the occasion . 
  and he will be able to learn a lot next to roberto and with rantos . 
  the broader region , yes . 
  as a matter of fact , during the eastern roman empire , at some point the macedonian * thema * comprised mostly thrace , and not thessaloniki and pella . 
  fun fact : skopje , capital of fyr macedonia , was never a part of a macedonian entity . 
  no nation can be the exact same ethnicity as it was that long ago . 
  well , maybe the basque . 
  anyways , it is rare . 
  the greeks actually considered * hellene * to be an insult for a while , as it refered to the non-christians at a time when christianity had triumphed . 
  current ethnic greeks have a lot of everything in the area , some albanian , some slavic , less turkish than you would expect , but any orthodox - especially greek-speaking - of the ottoman empire could , in essence , become a modern-day greek . 
  however , there is a thing that predates the whole nationality concept : the greek-speaking inhabitants of ancient greece , the hellenistic period , the eastern roman empire and the ottoman empire were refered to as a whole either as greeks , or as romans or ionians . 
  so there was a linguistic and cultural continuity which was identified as such by the outsiders . 
  the broader region - or parts of it - have always been called macedonia , under the ottoman empire as well . 
  no , actually you ca n't . 
  because that would n't be guessing . 
  tzandaris is the midfielder you are trying to remember, 
  tsoukalas is never wrong . 
  well i thought i had a pretty good tolerance of spicy food before i moved here . 
  and then ... lets just say that you need more . 
  condensed . 
  however , i have met thais who don ' t like spicy food , but how they survive is beyond me . 
  you are not sheep-goats , i recognized you . 
  you are anti-joke chicken . 
  nice try . 
  only one that matters, 
  the international court of justice actually answered that one in its [ 1996 adisory opinion on the legality of the threat and the use of nuclear weapons ] ( http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/files/95/7497.pdf ) . 
  in essence , it said that the threat and use of nuclear weapons are clear violations of erga omnes international law , namely the essential 3 principles regarding the use of force ( necessity , proportionality and distinction ) . 
  to make the long story short , the threat and use of nuclear weapons is always illegal , unless there is a danger of national annihilation , in which case it might or might not be legal . 
  the logic behind it stands quite well , as it is based on international law and state practice . 
  the use of force is overall prohibited unless it is done while exercising the right to self defence or with the approval of the un security council . 
  so , in your example , the use of force would be illegal , let alone the use of nuclear weapons . 
  one might argue that india 's behaviour could constitute aggression . 
  however , a ) it would not be an easy point to make and b ) it would , at best , justify an armed retaliation , definitely not the use of nuclear weapons . 
  it would make no sense for them to be the first recourse . 
  my understanding of the advisory opinion is that maybe it could be legal to use nuclear weapons if your nation is at war and you have no other way to save it than to use them . 
  sila has what seems on paper to be the best material olympiakos has had in a while . 
  it seems a bit unbalanced between the attack an the defense . 
  always hoping the manager knows what he s written, 
  that is dedication right there . 
  not that you havent proven it here . 
  no fuster ? 
  rookie mistake , coach . 
  well he better prove that he is worthy of it . 
  because he got david fuster 's spot in the cl list . 
  and fuater has proved time and again that he fights for the colors , whereas kasami ... 
  a much , much chiller vibe than the other ones mentioned itt . 
  nope , i d say a more backpacker vibe . 
  not on the grimey side though . 
  it is nice , clean , the food is good , the view is great , but it is n't one of the places where everyone is wearing a shirt and long pants . 
  the sunset there is gorgeous btw . 
  well it seemed a bit too rough . 
  i have been there with an ambassador . 
  now that you mention it , no . 
  should i complain ? 
  and then they will pull a mediocre performance , and say `` our minds were on bayern '' . 
  well this does go against our collective psyche . 
  ah yes , you want black chiney 's dragon seried . 
  here 's [ enter the dragon ] ( https://soundcloud.com/supadups/black-chiney-enter-the-dragon ) . 
  take it from there and thank me later . 
  well we just chanted his name to the tune of `` go west '' . 
  kinda boring , but hey . 
  this is all perfectly correct , just wanted to add that istanbul cones from the greek `` is tin polin '' , '' in ( or to ) the city '' . 
  calling it `` the city '' was probably the most common way to refer to it . 
  greeks still do . 
  the european basketball championship of 1987 to every greek .
