  right ? 
  procrastination . 
  i just put off smoking until later . 
  i am really good at not doing things . 
  it 's been going on for 4 years now . 
  really seems self-proclaimed . 
  [ push it to the limit ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhstmik7q2m ) from the scarface soundtrack . 
  also , about 50 % of the songs mentioned here work for me . 
  ... and they vibrate !, 
  grew up with pretty much that view . 
  live by it . 
  see it every day . 
  verdict : it is most definitely bad ass . 
  also : my username is finally relevant . 
  oh , the joy !, 
  shocking . 
  with voridis , georgiadis , mpaltakos and kranidiotis , who could 've guessed ? 
  i am probably much too late to get any kind of visibility , but these are worth a try, 
  [ molleindustria ] ( molleindustria.it ) has a few amazing games , such as :, 
  - mcvideogame , where you must manage a fast food joint , from feeding gmos to cows to corrupting health experts . 
  - faith fighter , where deities face each other in a mortal kombat type game, 
  - operation pedopriest , where you must protect the catholic church against pedo priests and telltale parents of molested kids . 
  mail-ordered a cassette copy of `` bleach '' in 1989 . 
  i was 9 . 
  yes , calling bs on your source there . 
  the dreadlocks , according to many related books i ve read ( i ll go for helen lee 's * the first rasta * just to have a source ) , the `` dread '' part comes from the simple fact that those bearing them would be scary . 
  also , it just says that other cultures didnt have dreadlocks because they didnt call it that , e.g. 
  the irish had gibbs and not dreadlocks . 
  it is like saying the french dont have braids , because they call them * tresses * . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  that would be the best way to never get any objective information . 
  in fact , if we were to follow that premice , there would be no such thing as education on other cultures . 
  i see . 
  what i meant by `` calling bs '' is that what was said in the link you posted , regarding the origin of the term `` dreadlocks '' , is wrong . 
  and that i disagree with the whole gibbs thing . 
  i have researched the issue myself , read quite a bit about it , and that is the first i have ever heard of this theory . 
  i even gave you a source . 
  edit : i also disagree that only people of the relevant culture have the ability to tell us if something is ok . i do not relinquish my logic and my judgement . 
  also , who should we ask ? 
  is there a board of representatives of each culture , entrusted with providing us with the moral blessing of those they represent ? 
  anyways , have a nice one . 
  although i did get it , i did not expect led zeppelin to be drawn like that . 
  as a matter of fact , i still listen to records . 
  sure , when i 'm not at home , i listen to - apparently good ole ' - mp3s , but at home , in my living room , i pretty much only listen to my lps . 
  i enjoy choosing from a finite collection , and getting to know the records i own better makes me appreciate the effort that was put into the record . 
  it makes me single out instruments , and notice subtle changes , variations on themes , all that stuff which is lost when listening to songs from endless playlists . 
  or new songs all the time . 
  edit : i forgot to mention the sound and the cool ceremonial involved - choosing the record , taking it out of the case , putting it on the record player , putting the needle to te record ... good stuff, 
  love is ... holding a gun at her dome, 
  the sword of a captain of napoleon 's army . 
  i think of [ kostas mitroglou ] ( http://static.goal.com/324100/324153_heroa.jpg ), 
  is it possible that it is a dubplate version of richie spice 's '' [ marijuana pon di corner ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sr2ota3vy8 ) '' ? 
  ... which reminds us that islam used to be the most tolerant of religions . 
  still , the christians killed or mass converted . 
  taxing them more - btw , often less than their christian predecessors did - is much more tolerant in my book . 
  exactly . 
  fair enough , i meant in the western world , but you are absolutely right . 
  they fought too though . 
  go for the congos ' `` heart of the congos '' entire lp . 
  probably the best lp in reggae history . 
  also check out lee scratch perry 's `` arkology '' box set . 
  tunes from 1978 to 1996 , for whoever is trying to catch up . 
  rent a car and go from athens round the pelopponese . 
  you 'll get ancient sites , medieval sites , beautiful beaches , mountain villages , and plenty more . 
  and if you have , say , 10 days at your disposal , i think it 's the best you can do - provided you want to see many things , and not just chill in an island . 
  which is also great . 
  although op 's question makes sense , imo it 's r/dancehall and not r/dancehalloplikes . 
  so all of dancehall . 
  since sound first string up . 
  well malaka , subreddits can be dedicated to anything , so why not go for r/rubadub , r/earlydigital and r/bashment ? 
  ... it 's not as if this subreddit were that crowded though, 
  do n't you just love how the dutch always dress in orange for these occasions ? 
  some people still are able to would be more correct , to the best of my knowledge . 
  i studied in paris and went to the south of france every summer for a few years , but who knows ? 
  maybe i have missed something this big . 
  honestly doubt it though . 
  so you consider albanian to be the main language in a few areas of greece ? 
  even of the pelopponese ? 
  sorry , but this map is definitely overrepresenting minority languages . 
  they hardly are a majority anywhere though . 
  also , the nomad aspect doesn t help . 
  my grandfather came from one of the regions where albanian is supposedly spoken . 
  yes , arvanitika was , at one point , dominant in some villages of the region . 
  my great-grandmother 's mother had to learn when she got to the village . 
  however , even my grandfather didnt speak it , save for some random words . 
  arvanitika are pretty much gone , and were so way before the 90s . 
  many more people speak albanian over there , but they are albanian immigrants . 
  and not the majority , not even by a long shot . 
  that is for first-hand experience . 
  i have travelled all over greece , and albanian is never a majority language . 
  \u0391h , we nuh care weh yuh bad from ... kartel in his prime . 
  also , sting 2004 and kartel vs ninja ting . 
  yes , that is true . 
  i believe there was a band called massilia sound system , that only sung in occitan , which resulted from what you are saying . 
  but that does not make it a majority language . 
  hell , arab is definitely more widely spoken in the south of france . 
  cant believe noone has mentioned [ je t aime ... moi non plus by serge gainsbourg and jane birkin ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=kp&amp;v=k3fa4loqfba ) . 
  hijacking because this is important, 
  you 're not metal . 
  napoleon was not during the ancien regime .
