  in heaven , there are no sinners , or only truly repented ones . 
  heaven is populated solely by people freely choosing not to sin . 
  therefore there can be no sin in heaven . 
  it works out that way . 
  it 's not the inner workings of heaven that boggle me , it 's that people believe that there is such a place , and that they will go there after they die . 
  but only if they are truly nice . 
  so the broader picture . 
  they are probably not up for sale yet . 
  you can buy two tickets per fan card . 
  you might need to know both persons ' amka number . 
  it was all about adding up new ways to keep the audience wondering what the explanation was , both to the bigger picture and to the myriad other little puzzles . 
  then it never gave answers . 
  a friend of mine says that the best ending to the show would have been in the form of a musical . 
  to the theme of `` we are n't explaining / we were just messing with your heads '' . 
  that would have made more sense , and would have been both more honest and less frustrating . 
  usually a few days before the game . 
  watch sports sites or olympiakos ' social media . 
  they usually make an announcement . 
  you can normally buy them online . 
  it would be ... 
  interesting . 
  otherwise , beenie , bounty , capleton , elephant , popcaan , horace andy and the congoes . 
  and jammys . 
  it was actually a lucky goal . 
  the defender kicked it away and bounced off his foot, 
  marinakis actually created the most vastest network of football academies in greece , and it 's starting to pay off . 
  we have retsos , tsimikas and man that is who are great prospects and get to play from time to time . 
  we got vouros who was loaned to real madrid s second team , castilla . 
  we have rezai ( name uncertain ) and androutsos who seem to be quite good . 
  but with the pressure from fans and media , transfers are a must , and no coach would be crazy enough to use the youngsters over purchased players . 
  although when i went to the game against arouca , which was an eyesore , the only thing that got people to cheer was exactly that : when retsos and especially manthatis got the ball . 
  but it does n't fit the media narrative ... and it 's a risk . 
  athens has a lot of very gloomy street art . 
  always has , but it really blew up with the crisis . 
  `` sans alcool , la f\u00eate est plus folle '' , which roughly translates to `` without alcohol , the party is crazier '' . 
  i know . 
  remembering it made me post this thread . 
  could be murder she wrote or heads high or another tune on the bam bam riddim . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  regarding basketball : you can play pickup basketball in the railway park ( susan rotfai ) , lumpini park and a few other places . 
  it 's generally outdoors , although i have heard that people sometimes play indoors at chula university . 
  given the weather , you 'll find people playing very early ( 7am ) or in the afternoon ( 5 pm ) . 
  it 's winter now , so it is bearable to play outside - although perhaps not to a newcomer . 
  but when summertime hits , it will get much more difficult . 
  the air is also especially polluted these days . 
  strength, 
  see di blessing, 
  haffi know weh di shower ** deh **, 
  as in `` there '', 
  the peloponnese . 
  go to the mountains , see dimitsana , karitena and the like around tripoli . 
  then head to the waterfalls of neda . 
  keep going south and have a swim at voidokilia . 
  then head east to mani . 
  then go to monemvassia and elafonissos . 
  back north to nafplio , maybe a stop in epidavros for a play . 
  edit : not parga , pilos . 
  parga is way up north in epirus . 
  yes . 
  reminds me of the beautifully simple lyric :, 
  thank you for your kind message . 
  he was a well appreciated person . 
  ziggy . 
  this list is as irrelevant as the grammys have been for a while , at least with regards to reggae . 
  follow the history . 
  go back to jamaican ska , then check out some rock steady . 
  after that , studio one reggae , and from there , one drop , rockers ... you ll get to dancehall in no time . 
  or just listen to heart of the congos . 
  the best reggae lp of all time . 
  and then work your way around it . 
  but if you wan na go in depth , follow history . 
  there is a reason one thing brought on the next , and if you like ska , the rest will explain itself . 
  greek mom by any chance ? 
  it is a common conception here - although most people do n't believe it to be scientifically accurate . 
  acne is called `` hard-on pimples '' ( \u039a\u03b1\u03c5\u03bb\u03cc\u03c3\u03c0\u03c5\u03c1\u03b1 ), 
  `` hard on pimples '' are a different expression for teenage acne . 
  pimples is , i guess , a more general term, 
  an autobiography . 
  - author, 
  with ideye and cardozo already in the squad , it makes no sense to sign a frontline striker so ... who 's leaving ? 
  ideye has offers from china and cardozo has been underwhelming . 
  it would make sense , albeit for different reasons , for either to leave . 
  because they are supposedly caused by frustrated or guilty hard-ons i guess . 
  `` in all seriousness '' lol, 
  well , [ bento just stated that his signing was a management decision ( i.e. 
  our beloved president pbuh wanted to mess with his rivals ) and that people need to show patience because he needs to adapt to olympiakos ' playing style ] ( http://www.sport24.gr/football/omades/olympiakos/mpento-poiotikos-o-ansarifarnt-tha-xreiastei-ypomonh.4488499.html ) so ... it depends on how much bento is pressured into putting him on the pitch . 
  the price was right , but olympiakos loses arguably its best player and leader this season . 
  he will be replaced from within , either but bouchalaks , cambiasso or romao ( or maybe androutsos ? ) . 
  zdielar , whom silva destined to replace mili in case of transfer , is on loan to majorca , as bento did n't appreciate him as much . 
  bento has already stated that mili 's transfer is a great loss , both on and off the pitch . 
  how much it will affect the squad remains to be seen . 
  more like confusedtinople , amirite ? 
  was anyone even trying to deny it though ? 
  was expecting theodora, 
  luben isnt pro-syriza , and is funny . 
  it 's always weird when a coach is sacked even though the team is still in the race for three trophees . 
  i liked how he used the youngsters from the academy . 
  he may not be the best , but i respect him for his attitude and stuborness, 
  you have to go to the consulate in person because you have to enter your fingerprints . 
  it is a requirement for biometric passports .
