  please , explain me some more what causes the rise of nazism . 
  guess again . 
  i have a safer bet for you : you have never lived in a multicultural city . 
  actually , golden dawn is what happens when people justify racism . 
  it appears we were both wrong . 
  i lived in paris , athens , in switzerland and now live in bangkok . 
  and all of it has made me love being in constant contact with other cultures . 
  back to your hole you go . 
  it 's safe in there . 
  shhh ... you re safe in your parents ' basement , surrounded by familiar objects , in your pjs ... 
  oh now !, 
  basement-dwellers are on to us !, 
  retreat !, 
  retreat !, 
  the rise of nazism was an ethnic conflict ? 
  all i found was drugs , prostitutes and tulips . 
  dimitrakopoulou meh for safety ? 
  i lived there until 6 months ago . 
  it 's absolutely safe . 
  not only is it not comparable to marnis , it is absolutely safe in its own right . 
  dimitrakopoulou is safe . 
  its one of the most policed areas in athens , as it is super touristy . 
  what you are saying about that area is plain wrong . 
  ancient greek is pretty intelligible to modern greek speakers, 
  well , the way it is taught in greek schools , there are n't any . 
  so i guess it would take a little of getting used to . 
  well he made pretty damn sure that nothing would work . 
  \u03a4\u03bf toc.gr \u03b4\u03b9\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9 \u03ba\u03b9 [ \u03bf\u03bd\u03bf\u03bc\u03b1 ] ( http://www.thetoc.gr/koinwnia/article/poiniki-diwksi-kata-tou-efoplisti-biktwra-resti ), 
  from the 90s garnett silk if you have n't . 
  the anthology on vp records is great . 
  sizzla 's greatest hits album on the same label , called `` the story unfolds '' is a must . 
  early jah cure was awesome , i hear his latest album is awesome but have n't checked it out yet . 
  morgan heritage are easy on the ears . 
  chronixx would be the current name to check out . 
  that 's a start . 
  oh and definitely check out the uk dub scene !, 
  iration steppas , bush chemists and the like . 
  regarding your edit , then you want beenie man , bounty killer , vegas , sean paul ( yes.sean paul . 
  he was pretty good ) capleton , sizzla too , busy signal , vybz kartel , assassin and popcaan . 
  in a kinda chronological order . 
  this reminds me of readers ' letters i read in magazines 20 years ago . 
  also myp2p and rojadirecta . 
  but hahasports is the best . 
  do n't know if it 's the most 90s song , but it sure is the 90s anthem . 
  well cambiasso is due to arrive in 3 hours in athens , so that might be the big name we are getting . 
  i would definitely be super happy if mirallas were to return . 
  with pardo-fibo-kev , our offense would be incredible !, 
  but what we need is a center back , a strong leader for our defense , and we still have n't gotten one . 
  and we have known it is our major weakness from last year !, 
  that is what we most desperately need . 
  other than that , silva has a great roster to work with . 
  lets see how that goes . 
  that is not only ignorant , it is incredibly offensive . 
  congrats on the double whammy . 
  edit : if you want a car analogy , here ya go :, 
  you have a car . 
  you need it to get to work . 
  it needs regular service . 
  so you take it to the auto repair shop . 
  the auto repair shop decides your car needs some repairs , which it might , but fixes problems and non-problems alike , buys pieces of his friends ' junk yard and charges them as new . 
  he bills your card for them . 
  you do n't know much about cars , but you realize something is wrong . 
  you take it to a different auto repair shop because you do n't trust the previous one , but it does the same . 
  by now you car is not working well , but you can get to work mostly every day , and can pay your credit card bills . 
  you switch between the two only available repair shops , but they keep promising a better end result and making everything worse . 
  and your debt keeps piling up . 
  and then you run into a pothole . 
  you realize that the last guy switched your suspension for nearly broken ones , and your car needs real work this time !, 
  but you cant borrow anymore . 
  so one auto repair guy asks your friend , who has money and supposedly knows about cars , to lend you money . 
  he agrees on the loan , on the condition he can have a look at the car and tell the auto repair guy what to do to fix it . 
  he does have some good ideas - which the auto repair guy applies as worse he can , to keep his friends ' junk yard going . 
  one of the ideas , however , is that you need a much smaller gas tank . 
  the gas is n't enough to get you to work , so you resort to going slow , turning off the engine when going downhill , and whatever trick you can muster to get to work . 
  but you re more and more late , and your boss pays you less . 
  but your friend is the only choice you have to afford to service your car so you can get to work , even in these conditions . 
  and then comes in a new auto repair shop , promising he can explain to your friend why you need a bigger gas tank , get him to donate to you some of the money to get your car working again so you can get to work on time and get payed more . 
  so you give him your car to fix . 
  and then he rips the parts off , yells at your friend that he is wrong on everything and to give you some money , puts the already bad car parts together in a weird way , and when the disagreement with your friend reaches a standstill , gets you in the room and asks you if you want a bigger gas tank . 
  which you do , it makes obvious sense . 
  but your friend is pissed , does n't want to give you money , and insists that the only way he will help is if you have an even smaller gas tank . 
  you are like `` wtf dude , this will never work '' , but the new auto repair guy agrees , and then ( yesterday actually ) decides that he wants a new contract with you . 
  meanwhile your car is ruined , you can only make it to work one day out of two , your debt is piling up and your friend is pissed at you and convinced he is right about everything . 
  which he is n't . 
  and no auto repair shop seems to know what it 's doing . 
  edit 2 : since everyone is n't getting it , in the following story , the car s owner is the greeks , the auto repair guys are the various greek governments , the auto repair guys friends are the ones benefitting from the greek governments ' corrupt practices ( both greek and non greek ) , and the friend who lends money is the eu . 
  so i am saying its mostly our governments ' fault . 
  so mostly greece 's fault overall , but the creditors ' policies have n't helped the economy to recover . 
  sorry if that was n't clear to you all . 
  that is not the truth , not even the simplistic truth . 
  it is an ignorant and offensive analogy . 
  all right , no one will believe a greek on the greek crisis and also just wont listen to him anyways . 
  if i told you i was n't prepared to listen to an american on american issues , would that make sense to you ? 
  the bottom line is inform yourself . 
  wow . 
  that 's ... great , buddy , you rock !, 
  in `` my '' reality ? 
  not sure what you mean . 
  i already wrote an epic car metaphor . 
  well , u/pcgamingoppression , thanks for letting me know .
