  `` france claims moon '', 
  he does n't have that many homophobic songs compared to his contemporaries . 
  the one though ... 
  `` bun dem up bad like an old tire wheel '', 
  it 's a tough game . 
  our defence is n't as strong as it should , and much too slow , but we could pull off a draw . 
  bad boys inna london, 
  rude boys inna england, 
  you never know seh olympiakos big inna jungle, 
  i post this becase i am deeply ashamed that our team has decided not to wear black brassards to honour paok 's dead , with our pr head instead opting for an incendiary statement . 
  karapapas is an absolute numbskul whose behaviour is not fitting of a champions league club . 
  actually , he should n't be working for any football club . 
  we have our own dead to honor . 
  we have that in our collective memory . 
  and still , we would rather insult our opponents than behave as magkes . 
  edit : ultras.gr did post a decent message on their facebook wall , proof that sometimes the gate 7 is more sensible than the fc . 
  they eventually brought a stefani and other flowers and rested them in front of gate 4 . 
  at least they did this . 
  still no reason to be dicks . 
  karapapas only has dick mode though . 
  [ this acoustic version ] ( youtube.com/watch?v=uo5mqbr8bi4 ) gives me chills, 
  the thing is , if we beat zagreb - which is not certain - we will have 9 points . 
  we should be ok with a draw , since you guys have 3 so far , we scored 3 goals in your field , and you play bayern in munich . 
  well , in a clear and leveled-manner fashion , i think that it is safe to say that we rule , olympiakos is god , and all other teams are obviously inferior . 
  and g7 - delije on his abs !, 
  they wanted to add belgrade 's st savva church but it was turned down either by uefa when asked beforehand , either due to fears of penalty by uefa - the first is what i read , the second what makes more sense . 
  i unfortunately could not watch the game as they start at 3 am where i am . 
  would n't that be necrophilia ? 
  psychological addiction is arguably harder to get over than physical addiction . 
  something that might take days to get over physically will take years to get over psychologically . 
  i doubt many people argue against that . 
  i do n't see why someone would go 23 days without fapping , though . 
  but that might just be me . 
  to be clear , i am not questioning what you are saying . 
  you know what makes you feel like an addict , not me , nor anyone else . 
  well , andreadis is a prosecutor , not a hired gun . 
  he works for the greek state , not alafouzos . 
  marinakis had a legal restriction , prohibiting him from not only running , but also being involved in the day-to-day management of the fc . 
  which he blatantly disregarded . 
  it is only fair that we receive a penalty for that . 
  the thing is , he could have just been more subtle about it , and it would have been ok . 
  but he rubbed his involvement in everyone 's faces . 
  he is not above the law , not as president of olympiakos , nor as hugely wealthy businessman . 
  alafouzos , on the other hand , is panicking , and throwing a tantrum . 
  and the thing is , he lost the organized supporters , who were on his side so far . 
  so he actually needs to throw a tantrum , because that is the only thing he can do to try to win them back . 
  the thing is , panathinaikos fans are being absolutely moronic at this point , and so is alafouzos . 
  this season 's start was the best for panathinaikos in years . 
  bit that is their problem . 
  lol, 
  that is one repugnant article . 
  doing the exact same thing it accuses other people of doing . 
  gavros is a part of the awful sports media we have in greece . 
  we area champions league club . 
  we need n't stoop down to their level . 
  always relevant . 
  definitely routine for turkish jet fighters . 
  air space violations are treated as routine by greece . 
  ninja edit : turkish violations of greek air space . 
  let me restate : it is awkward how sensitive turkey is to air space violations when it knowingly violates greek airspace daily , even the one turkey recognizes as such . 
  i absolutely agree with your sibling comparison . 
  however , turkish violations of greek airspace are daily occurrences , whereas the opposite is rare to say the least . 
  greek overflights of turkish airspace would be very striking , because they would mean flying over the continent , which is continuous . 
  whereas turkish jets fly over islands and territorial waters ( which are covered by airspace ) surrounded by international waters ( which are not ) . 
  to come back to your metaphor , sometimes in a sibling relationship , there is a bully . 
  you do realise that the turkish cypriot so-called state is not recognized by any country in the world but turkey and ... azerbaijan i think ? 
  because it is the product of illegal agression and illegal occupation ? 
  but this has nothing to do with the topic at hand . 
  this might be one of the tines when explaining the joke might make it funnier, 
  lies made them the first to release a ( half ) unplugged record , paired to their historical debut `` live ... like a suicide '' , was better than chinese democracy and i will fight you . 
  cd is culturally irrelevant . 
  well back in the day they were . 
  cd does n't bring anything to the table , not even nostalgia . 
  nah man , i was looking for rock n'roll, 
  that 's a good one . 
  good fight !, 
  2559 we tha future, 
  condoms are mostly freely shared to avoid the spreading of stds and especially aids , i believe . 
  i 'm not saying less unwanted children is n't a good thing , just that it is n't the reason why they are shared . 
  i 'm all for the sharing of free tampons . 
  and of other necessary commodities as well . 
  the problem is the reasoning applies to food , water , maybe even tp . 
  yeah , hi , there is no sea in the centre of athens . 
  perhaps u/tzuridis meant in pireaus , which is the port of athens . 
  commonly enough , the water in the port is dirty . 
  it is n't as filthy as implied , as people swim in other parts of pireaus , outside the main port , such as kastella . 
  his advice is ok though , if you want to swim daily , you should live in the ( wealthy ) suburbs of glyfada , voula or varkiza . 
  people commute from there to downtown athens , it is n't that far , especially by us standards . 
  it mostly depends on what you want to do during your vacations . 
  chill on beaches ? 
  sightseeing ? 
  party ? 
  what do you expect to experience ? 
  all in all , greece is an awesome tourist destination and you will love it . 
  swiss trains ' smoking sections in the late 90s - early 2000s were exactly like that . 
  largely thanks to weed . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  i do n't remember anyone clearly stating which was worse , without using terms like `` probably '' or `` arguably '' and the like . 
  what seems pretty clear is that mehmet wanted to rebuild , something that did n't seem as high a priority for the crusaders . 
  well , i mean , greece won the euro 2004 .
