  to be fair , our fans did that ... like 4 years ago ? 
  at the end of the 2-1 game . 
  hopefully pao will be properly punished . 
  and we too , if we do so . 
  edit : wasnt as bad though, 
  of course it 's fair . 
  i do n't think anyone is complaining about it being unfair . 
  even pao fans are basically saying that what 's unfair is that similar action was not taken in similar circumstances in the past . 
  of course , even in rizoupoli , the fans did n't invade the pitch and chase down players of the opposing team , but whatchagonnado . 
  hopefully this will apply to everyone equally in the future . 
  that would be not only fair , but good for greek football as a whole . 
  santana should stick to playing guitar . 
  try ward 21 . 
  bloodstain and model and pose were that exactly . 
  mobile so no links . 
  in the past 5 games , which were all important , we 've had 0 victories , 3 draws and 2 losses . 
  if we cant qualify against a second division team , after such a disgraceful streak , heads should roll . 
  this year 's team has n't given us anything to be proud about , besides two cl victories and - hopefully - a championship which should have come much easier . 
  the club 's moves on the market are to blame . 
  but that 's a whole different conversation . 
  maniatis is no one 's favourite player , but his absence is usually obvious when he is missing . 
  good show of trust from our president . 
  durmaz has yet to show why we bought him . 
  let 's see if we notice he isnt playing . 
  dominguez is our most qualitative player . 
  good thing he ll stay with us . 
  look for tunes with a rockers rhythm or a steppers rhythm . 
  not gon na put effort in it either . 
  i personally dont think of sublime as reggae , but as reggae-influenced rock . 
  you might have a better time looking for what you like in pop-punk boards i guess . 
  nononono i m sorry but if you want to visit athens , the things mentioned above by u/gorat , you should stay in the center . 
  the south is beautiful indeed , but not convenient to visit athens !, 
  actually , they 've had art . 
  44 since the interim constitution . 
  they have even used it a few times . 
  what you are referring to is order 3/2558 or 2015 . 
  that 's what is replacing the martial law . 
  what is also interesting is that they have announced that they will use it again in the near future , for agricultural matters and something else . 
  the casual use of art . 
  44 , which is a state of exception within the `` state of exception '' , is what is really new . 
  edit : well there you go , [ they just did ] ( http://www.khaosodenglish.com/detail.php?newsid=1428501696 ) ( notice how the un high comissioner made the same mistake as most people . 
  the reporting must have been bad ), 
  good grief man - nea philadelphia is cool and all , but would you stay there if you wanted to visit athens ? 
  `` few people live in the center anymore '' witf dude . 
  the win is no cause for celebration . 
  i would have loved to see the red and white back in rizoupoli . 
  the minister 's decision was unfounded , and cost apollon money . 
  that would have been a paiania type event . 
  pyrotechnics is handleable ... and i love their smell . 
  +1 on the cameras though . 
  pyros would n't be an issue if there were consequences for those who went over the line , from wearing full-faces to jumping the fence . 
  you do it ? 
  you get caught . 
  if not the same day , the day after . 
  the real violence is on the streets though . 
  singjays have been really popular since the late 90s . 
  that 's when i first heard the term , at least . 
  well , the whole rasta revival was pretty much just that . 
  in the 90s . 
  the christian souljahs with tony rebel and garnett silk , or sizzla , capleton and anthony b. . . 
  edit : but check out [ sunday culture ] ( http://selectakza.net/site/category/sunday-culture-radio/ ) , he plays older and newer stuff you should like . 
  they were not because there was no legally binding instrument regarding genocide . 
  as a matter of fact , the term was also rather new . 
  that does not mean it was n't one . 
  yes , precisely . 
  however , crimes against humanity were n't established as a legal notion at the time of the committed offences either . 
  nuremberg was , as pointed out by / u/steel2001 , a victor 's justice . 
  justice , yes , but largely against the essential principle of criminal law : nullum crimen , nulla poena sine lege . 
  no crime , no sanction without a law . 
  the convictions were just , and had to be , but would n't hold in a normal court . 
  i love the penthouse cut of the swing easy riddim . 
  know jah is awseome , and so are no cocomania , sensimilia persecution ... a fine label , a fine era indeed . 
  i was so psyched about the album 's release !, 
  it was postponed for years , iirc . 
  i had been saving for a while to buy it the day it came out , eventually had money for a couple more records because of the delays . 
  still waiting for that emphatic win over pao . 
  all in all , a frustrating championship . 
  everybody else sucks so bad . 
  but hey , campeooones campeooones eaeaeaeeeee, 
  trophy-lifting becomes us . 
  thanks for putting in all the work !, 
  regarding the changes , what about adding a couple of championships to that banner ? 
  for the rest , thanks to you , this sub exists and is alive . 
  you built it , and they will come . 
  it 's a parallel evolution , if i understand right . 
  not sure how different it is from the pontic greek dialect though . 
  probably more turkish . 
  lived in france for 6 years . 
  i am greek , i lived in the gay neighborhood , but went over to the jewish part for their awesome fallafels . 
  my friends were english , irish , white french , african-french , west indian french , jewish-french , and this was good . 
  oh yes there are greeks who are unhappy with the fact that , in some neighborhoods , foreigners outnumber greeks . 
  they tend to vote for a party called golden dawn . 
  and i d rather have them leave my country . 
  kebabs are pretty usual in greece , btw , and have been a part of our culture for a while now - centuries and centuries . 
  in fact , in france , they are called `` greeks '' . 
  if only it were n't the same god and the same commandments . 
  there is the criminal code for those who commit crimes . 
  and it is the product of a given society 's `` social contract '' . 
  beliefs are n't irrelevant , but you cant - and should n't - criminalize them . 
  nor should you seek to force them on others .
