  that was quite unexpected . 
  probably pegging, 
  greeks still colloquially refer to themselves as `` romioi '' . 
  the people in the aegean islands mentioned above did not consider themselves ethnically different from the hellenes asking the qyestion , they did not recognize the name . 
  turks still distinguish between the rums ( romans ) , the very few remaining greeks native to turkey ( that used to be millions less than a century ago ) and the yunans ( from ionian , another name for ancient greeks , like hellenes ) . 
  that does not mean they refuse that they are the same . 
  so basically the '' roman people '' you are referring to are greeks . 
  indeed . 
  some of their churches still use greek . 
  their patriarchs usually are greeks as well . 
  you are a tad confused . 
  the people who referred to themselves as romans would be the greeks . 
  we still do . 
  the turks still call the greek minority there ( whatever is left of it ) rumis . 
  the greek orthodox church is the rum kisilesi . 
  i do enjoy such posts . 
  might chine in in the future . 
  have you ever heard of jamrid.com ? 
  sooooo ... where 's sizzla ? 
  this error is so common , and i can not figure out where it comes from . 
  capleton 's there , sure . 
  you could say that morgan heritage are there as well , since liberation is their riddim . 
  but ... where 's sizzla ? 
  iirc , he does n't even have a tune on the riddim . 
  one of mine as well !, 
  and you could n't step in a dance between 1999 and probably 2005 without gear ng it . 
  pull up everytime, 
  this was obviously willingly misreported . 
  he is standing at the epicopal throne , or * cathedra * , which is destined for the bishop or the honored person , should there be one . 
  there was actually a debate regarding who should sit there : the greek president or putin . 
  the latter won , as he was the honored guest and not the greek president , who was the host . 
  the latter did not attend , but instead welcomed the russian president at the entrance of the church . 
  [ source in greek ] ( http://www.kathimerini.gr/861554/article/epikairothta/ellada/o-polemos-toy-8ronoy-ston-a8w ), 
  the posted article mentions that the russian article was not truthful , even though it does n't specify how . 
  i have heard it . 
  i actually use it . 
  he is great . 
  probably would n't have been my pick , but someone down voted you , so have an update . 
  also , switzerland applies eu rules , contributes to without having a say in them . 
  it 's less democratic , but it works because swiss people do n't want to be part of the eu . 
  i would suggest they contact the club directly . 
  one of the specific data for greeks might have been the fan card . 
  they need to have one of those to get a ticket . 
  it costs 10e and the money goes to the amateur club , olympiacos cfp . 
  the other way is to show up at the game and buy some off the black market . 
  it 's usually just people who have extra tickets and want to sell them , so they 're not more expensive . 
  just hang out by the ticket booths a while before the game . 
  but the uncertainty is annoying , so contact the fc . 
  take the money never have to run . 
  thank you for the very clear and informative answer !, 
  i am curious as to why you differentiate greek and macedonian when referring to the same thing though . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  it has always been my understanding that yes , greeks were not a monolithic block , and that macedonians ( who did participate in the olympics since alexander i , so before the conquest of southern greece afaik ) were a part of that block . 
  once again , thank you for taking the time to answer my question . 
  i strongly disagree with you for many reasons , but this is a political and emotional question for a lot of people . 
  so , to remain within the original question of op , is there any indication that the romans would have considered the macedonians as distinct from the greeks ? 
  thank you for your answer . 
  everything you have said has been argued well , even though i disagree with your conclusion . 
  but by no means do i want to claim it is absolutely incorrect . 
  it is a well-known fact that macedonians being greeks or not was already debated amongst ancient greeks . 
  the key word being `` debated '' . 
  however , i have never encountered any roman source which considers macedonians to be non-greeks , besides in the reflection of more ancient debates . 
  but i am not a historian . 
  perhaps you , or some other historian here , can show me otherwise . 
  i apologize because i ca n't help myself but keeping going :, 
  the macedonians participated to the olympics since alexander i ( although only their rulers could , which sets them apart ) . 
  they had to use force against southern greece `` to keep them on their side '' but it 's not like greeks did n't use force on one another `` to keep the other on their side '' . 
  they were militarily different but so were thebans , athenians and spartans from one another , although perhaps ( ? ), 
  to a lesser extent . 
  you say that it is `` historically incorrect '' to call them greeks , when it is at the very least highly debatable ( i know wikipedia is not a reliable source , but the discussion on the topic is interesting ) . 
  after all , they claimed to be greek and spread greek culture to the whole known world at the time . 
  one could say that they were - quite literally - arguably greeks . 
  as for the modern greeks claiming alexander 's accomplishments , that is , i believe , justified . 
  modern greeks are in my opinion more the descendants of the hellenistic world than of ancient greeks . 
  modern greeks are mostly the cultural descendants of the greek-speaking people of the hellenistic kingdoms , the roman empire , and later the ottoman empire . 
  this means they are ( to a large extent ) the descendants of the people who became hellenized through alexander 's accomplishments , the ones which made greek culture so pervasive that , for example , the new testament was originally written in ( alexandrine ) greek , or that the eastern roman empire switched its administrative language back to greek after justinian . 
  alexander is , amongst others of course , a founding figure for modern greeks . 
  that is why he holds such a special place in greeks hearts , and why we ca n't help ourselves from replying to posts that question him being greek . 
  of course , how much any nation can ( or should consider so important to ) `` claim '' accomplishments , especially so remote in time , is also highly debatable . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  there have been many debates on what alexander and macedonians were . 
  so far , what i have taken out of them is that alexander and philip saw themselves as greek . 
  ( some of the ) other greeks considered them barbarians for many reasons , but the one that comes to mind the most is that they did not embrace the model of the city-state . 
  so my question 's point is : were the armies of alexander the great seen as greek by non-greeks , or as distinct ? 
  given that there was a fair deal of contact between the greeks and the other populations of the area * before * alexander 's conquest ( hell , greek mercenaries fought against alexander along the persians ) , did the conquered populations understand themselves as conquered by the macedonians or by the greeks ? 
  or would they not even think in these terms ? 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  my question is not so much about the term per se as about the perceived origin of the conquerors . 
  did the conquered peoples and their rulers consider that they were conquered by the greeks ( the ionians ) or by some different entity ? 
  btw , ionian , yunan , yavan still is the term used for greeks in turkey , the middle east and a large portion of the globe . 
  yellowman signed and released an album for columbia ( king yellow man ) in 1984 . 
  i was n't there , but it 's safe to bet it got at least some airplay back then . 
  majors do that . 
  there were sparse us releases back then , such as eek-a-mouse 's assassinator in 1985 , but did n't carry much clout . 
  supacat got some traction in the mid to late 80s as well . 
  the first real wave of dancehall ( which means many artists being played rather than a single , stand-out act ) being played on mainstream us radio stations is probably an early to mid 90s thing , with massive b and all . 
  after all , funkmaster flex started out as a dancehall dj , and shaggy 's `` oh carolina '' ( 1993 ) and `` boombastic '' ( 1995 ) , shabba 's `` mr loverman '' ( 1993 ) , supacat 's `` dolly my baby '' ( 1993 ) , chala demus & pliers `` tease me '' , `` twist and shout '' ( 1992 ) and `` murder she wrote '' ( 1994 ) were pretty major mainstream hits back then . 
  great news !, 
  went to the game yesterday , it 's the only one i will see up close this year due to going back to my work country . 
  sure going to miss it !,
