  all of these unregistrated people travelling throughout europe seems a disaster waiting to happen . 
  basically interment camps , but for people who are n't even citizens of the country . 
  yup . 
  no club here has a place in the international leagues . 
  well the bellowing of the ukranian conflict and posturing against the baltics is n't exactly in the past . 
  well that might be because the ussr was a tyrannic dictatorship/oligarchy that murdered it 's own people , let them starve and subjugated people from all over eastern europe just to name a few things . 
  not an ounce . 
  honestly at this point some un intervention to help process refugees would n't be uncalled for . 
  maybe we should even have a joint asylum program for all of europe . 
  ehurm : sweden 's * government * critical of uk policy on calais migrant - the local . 
  the funny thing about this is that yougov have an error margin of about 1,1 % . 
  which is pretty good imo . 
  norweigan and finnish . 
  french gets and honorable mention . 
  iirc in times of economic disparity it 's recommended that the government starts creating jobs by investing in itself more . 
  i hope it gets better for the russian people 's sake . 
  it 's also important to remember that starving russians is a bad omen in modern europe . 
  i think it 's swedish-speaking finns actually . 
  though the government does n't keep track of ethnic groups in sweden so i ca n't be sure . 
  you know that most people in scandinavia do n't carry guns right ? 
  and you know that a well placed knife between someone 's ribs will stop anyone from ronda rousey to bruce lee . 
  i do n't get why they have to be skin colored at all !, 
  just make them clinical white or something . 
  my dad and his friends use it . 
  there is another term for the swedish one . 
  do they have juries in britain ? 
  we do n't have them here . 
  could n't the mosques just come together and make one prayer call for every mosque ? 
  and they looked dashing !, 
  in the villainous way . 
  dong forget hugo boss !, 
  i agree with you but i would like to add that from what i 've read it seems like the southern eu countries are failing to document some individual 's arrival in their country , so there is no grounds to send them back south once they arrive here . 
  but i my opinion that might be for the best as you said neither greece nor italy can handle the volume of immigrants . 
  we ca n't keep up as it is , it seems like half of sweden is waiting for this immigration bubble to pop . 
  it 's kind of hilarious how greece and italy will completely ignore the eu immigration policies and just let these people slip through . 
  but perhaps it 's for the best , neither country seems equipped to deal with the amount of migrants coming so them fleeing to richer eu countries means a better living situation for them . 
  no but that does n't mean that you should smack them . 
  it seems what you view as talking through the issue is for the parent to berate and accuse . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  talking through an issue with your child constitutes you getting down at their level and explaining gently what they did wrong . 
  i think that 's evidence that smacking a kid is n't exactly doing anything productive . 
  as i see it talking through the issue with a kid is much more effective than smacking them . 
  yes and that law is drawn to when you use violent means to discipline your child . 
  as i see it a young child is completely and utterly dependent on their parents and to then be subjected to violence when misbehaving makes them feel unsafe with their parents and afraid of crossing them , even if it is to stand up for themselves . 
  not to mention that it teaches them that violence is a means to solve problems if they are hit regularly . 
  so your essentially calling smacking your kids `` enhanced parenting techniques '' ? 
  i love it when people try to beat the children in my country and then get shocked/indignant when they get arrested because they abuse their children . 
  i mean i do n't doubt it , though it 's rather a question of when and why . 
  so you decided to mod a person who glorifies war criminals because you could n't be bothered to read a wikipedia article for five minutes ? 
  why do you write in french and then translate it to english ? 
  is it an impotent attempt to show lingual superiority or something ? 
  not really though . 
  he still needs to stand trial . 
  hell invite any and all countries willing to join in on the fun !, 
  except qatar , they 're bastards . 
  yes !, 
  these are amazing . 
  sounds like phase 3 here in sweden . 
  which is basically the last thing you want to happen to you . 
  note to self : do n't adopt a dog from eastern europe . 
  well the ones outside of elswyr that is . 
  the ones in elswyr we do n't know much about . 
  well i meant more in the case of granting asylum . 
  i 've read that the cap in the us is 70.000 people . 
  you first america !, 
  i was going to use `` man '' instead of masculinity , but considering that defining your self worth by your masculinity is both a problem and an antiquated way of thinking i chose that word instead . 
  trust me , literally no one i 've talked to think that the immigration situation here is in any way optimal . 
  regardless of they are against it or for it . 
  it 's like a juicer who 's cock and balls has shriveled up due to steroids , trying to desperately show that they 're the pinnacle of masculinity . 
  yes success in the way that the refugees are being stored in awful conditions on spare islands . 
  very often , they show up almost every time it has rained in the spring , summer or early autumn . 
  governments feel threatened by dank memes . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  did n't he famously say that the great european war would begin with `` some damn fool thing in the balkans . '', 
  i 'd also say that war could 've been averted if it had n't been franz ferdinand in sarajevo that faithful day in june . 
  he was one of the biggest moderate voices in the austro-hungarian empire at that time iirc . 
  until he got fired by kaiser wilhelm . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  now we just have to put muzzles on the students during the lectures . 
  congratulations bulgaria and estonia !, 
  did i say that this was an exclusive issue to britain anywhere in my comment ? 
  of course this could happen here , our police are inept and impotent across the board . 
  it would not surprise me considering how much trafficking that goes on from eastern europe . 
   we fully accept that we made many mistakes and missed opportunities to stop the abuse . 
  they did not make any mistakes they made the decisions to willfully ignore reports , patronize the victims and let these monsters roam free . 
  you do n't get to say that you made `` mistakes '' or `` missed opportunities '' when you turn away a girl covered in blood at the police station . 
  fuck , the way this was handled by the people supposed to prevent and stop these types of things from happening is to me as disgusting as these other monsters . 
  they should honestly be in the same trial . 
  i think the `` police '' is just private security , though i 've swedish police go uniformed on the stockholm-helsinki ferry . 
  he might be exaggregating but the matching mohawk comment is way too accurate . 
  i was doubting his words at first but the matching mohawk comment is too accurate . 
  i 've only been on these types of ferries three times but two out of three times i saw a family with matching haircuts . 
  in the first family the father and the two sons all had rat-tails , and the other everyone except the mother had a really ugly mullet thing . 
  i sincerlerly doubt that these refugees will `` redraw europe 's cultural and religious identity '' . 
  once this crisis has blown over and we 're 10 years in the future my guess is the biggest impact will be more low income households , and some new doner kebab places . 
  yeah i thought that was pretty much a given . 
  if someone does get arrested and taken to court i doubt he 'd receive any judgement because these things are so hard to prove without the groper being caught red handed by a camera or other person . 
  hey man when i was a kid they took me out to the forest all the time while i was in kindergarten . 
  though the best part of those trips was that the kindergarten teachers would let us make our own sandwiches . 
  maybe not to that extent , but he 's correct in that the majority of the trees in sweden are part of the forestry industry .
