so it fills the same purpose that the white house does plus guest rooms ? 
  eh , i just thought since the human race originated in africa we 'd all have some ancestry with them . 
  as in every living person . 
  does everyone have a little sprinkle of sub-saharan african origin ? 
  lol what ? 
  there is only between 100 000 and 300 000 muslims currently living in sweden . 
  which is why i do n't get why people get so upset about it . 
  eh , most of them that i meet tend to be pretty secularized or at least fairly moderate . 
  wow , what a dick move . 
  he saved 31 000 prisoners from the holocaust and they killed him for it . 
  which is weird since it 's estimated that there are less than a million muslims in sweden right now . 
   there was no corruption what the what ? 
  * smoothie . 
  now i * really * want to know what they think of our new governments pending decision to acknowledge palestine as it 's own nation . 
  what about our flag ? 
  i know but still . 
  i expected more for some reason . 
  the fuck ireland ? 
  i bet you 're hilarious at parties . 
  it 's a town if anything . 
  i think the reason for this is because everyone is so quiet around here . 
  nobody except the sd supporters are happy with this election . 
  if i were to be optimistic i 'd hope that the reds could create a coalition with some of the alliance parties . 
  until the other parties actually start to talk about the issues that the swedish democrats bring up they will only grow bigger and bigger . 
  denmark or norway . 
  i really like danish food , but i can actually understand what the norwegians say . 
  germany !, 
  do n't be fart so much . 
  the same way that russian history has always gone . 
  `` then , it got worse ... '', 
  yes , i mean just sweden . 
  and considering how willing europe has been to help ukraine i doubt that they would rush to help us . 
  i do n't know about us . 
  our defense is estimated to be able to hold out for a week and that 's pretty generous . 
  i do n't know how to feel about this . 
  on one hand i 'm glad to see that the us is protecting it 's allies on the other hand this may serve to escalate a bigger conflict rather than deter it . 
  if this turns into a larger scale war with nato vs russia i hope they do n't nuke russia because the fallout will just whiff right over to us . 
  it 's happening !, 
  aside from the obvious one , i 'd say [ kristian tyrann ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_ii_of_denmark ) . 
  also sweden 's first actual king gustav vasa is known as the angry dad of sweden . 
  here in sweden you get assigned to a seat like you would on an airplane . 
  you have an assigned seat and it 's more expensive . 
  maybe not , but the way they run their trains is amazing . 
  you just buy a ticket , get on and take a seat . 
  really simple an efficient . 
  i 'd say if this ever happens , we let the swiss handle it . 
  that 's a really bad picture of stockholm 's skyline : /, 
  not to be smug but our trains are easily the slickest . 
  that 's kind of expected when there are so few of you guys . 
  now or during the late 1600s to the early 1700s . 
  gustavus adolphus and all that . 
  / r/worldevents is decent but a bit barren . 
  i do n't actually go on reddit for international news . 
  is this because of communism ? 
  eu has enough problems as it is . 
  well this is out of the fucking blue . 
  finland big !, 
  ^ ^ soon, 
  that we are all beautiful . 
  it 's actually insulting to be described with such a simple word . 
  where is the revelation ? 
  this does nothing to shatter any image of her that is n't already there . 
  yeah , the nature looks very similar to home . 
  we need a new miljonprogram . 
  just slap down some ugly ass commieblcoks . 
  what you say it 's true , but i think it 's not an unfair assumption . 
  ethical companies are the exception , not the norm . 
  sweden was n't exactly a nation in that time . 
  we really do n't have any good ones . 
  they look kind of stupid . 
  it 's been a reality here for years now . 
  though it has not helped . 
  nice to see that golden dawn is n't surpassing 10 % but that might yet to be seen . 
  though i need to ask if this is a growth for them compared to the last election . 
  i 'll believe it once they 're out . 
  no sooner , but i admit it 's looking likely . 
  just so you guys know , henrik arnstad is not actually an historian . 
  he 's been lying about having a bachelor 's degree . 
  personally , even if i had a bachelor 's degree in history i 'd not dare call myself a historian until i at least had a masters . 
  they always say that , but i 've yet to see it . 
  maybe they need a party . 
  a bit of fun after trekking through europe . 
  do n't you worry your little head about it . 
  we 'll have them eating pancakes and drinking schnapps by next summer . 
  that 's entirely true . 
  most opinionated journalists that writes for the bigger newspapers live a pretty cushy life in stockholm city . 
  yeah , our country is still in rehab . 
  ireland seems to have readjusted very well indeed . 
  welp , they 'll hate it here then . 
  we 're almost as bad as the british . 
  though i suppose the realistic answer is that the food they get is kind of shit . 
  iirc they were buying redeemable steam keys that were n't region locked . 
  ah , maybe that 's an assumption on my part then . 
  i know that game companies sell their game cheaper in poorer countries . 
  there have been problems within the steam community because people were changing to russian/indian ip addresses and bought games for cheap using those . 
  do n't quote me on that though . 
  it might also be that they have older version , something that 's not immediately apparent at a distance . 
  tech companies sell their wares cheaper in poorer countries . 
  i imagine that 's been the case with syria . 
  least we could do , considering it 's our fault the lapland boarder is getting overwhelmed .
