  it 's one of our biggest export in terms of natural resources iirc . 
  yo i heard you liked trees ? 
  now that 's what i call edgy !, 
  i 'm just echoing what the kurdish organisation said on their website/facebook page . 
  i do n't have any further information . 
  oil . 
  the kurdish organisation holding the rally has blamed turkish nationalists or something like that . 
  * looks sneeringly to the southwest *, 
  because it 's just not done in swedish press to release the name of someone until their judgement has been rendered . 
  though it is a public document that a private person can request and look over . 
  i think that they 're being a bit bossy but their heart is in the right place . 
  idk , the police officer in question has come out and said that he did n't mention the swedish democrats specifically but rather just said `` xenophobic forces '' . 
  they are n't changing their actions , they 're changed how they report on what they do . 
  not really , most people just do n't care too much . 
  it 's something you talk about at dinner parties between the main course and dessert . 
  idk . 
  he just seems like a huge coward who wants to earn his paycheck and leave at the end of they day without being called by any journalists . 
  or he does n't want sd to gain more voters . 
   a conspiracy of silence perpetuated to help the migrants commit mass sexual assault . 
  that 's hyperbole . 
  you could from the events in cologne and on this festival argue that people from the middle-east/north africa does n't fit in and does not respect european/german/swedish society and law , but what you can not claim from this is that there is a concious deliberate conspiracy to keep these things from mainstream media . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  but to go back to what you said i think it is true that recent political and social trends put preussare on people to keep a lid on these things . 
  that 's his point . 
  which is just plain cowardice , it 's not his call to make imo . 
  there might be true to what they 're saying , but the slant is usually to misrepresent the facts . 
  many swedes and me among them think that sd should not be in parliament nor government but i think that withholding information like that helps sd more than it helps wherever he has chosen to lay his political sympathies . 
  i would n't say that it 's a matter of puplic safety as anyone can be a predator , but i think that all the facts of incidents should be laid upon the table . 
  even if they might seem damning to certain leanings . 
  i 'm not sure it means he should resign , i think he desrves a chance to redeem himself . 
  though i wholeheartedly agree that there should be consequences for the police 's mishandling of this situation , keeping information like that from the press is simply not the his call to make . 
  no i do n't think so , the minister of justice is appointed by the government but the police chief gets promoted by merit as far as i know , and this just police chief for the s\u00f6dermalm police force which is a part of stockholm . 
  i ca n't say that i completely agree with all that you 're saying , but withholding information like that is not his call to make . 
  if he were a politician it would be less damning , because liar and politician are almost synonyms . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  that guy is a lone police officer and not the police departments press person . 
  that might explain why they did n't run the story . 
  translation ( to the best of my ability ) :  it 's a sensitive topic , sometimes we do n't dare to say things as they are because we 're afraid that it plays into the hands of the swedish democrats ( populist right-wing ) . 
  we have to take responsibility within the police-force . 
  what a coward . 
  edit : improved translation, 
  i 'm not too bothered over a 42 median age . 
  i 'd suspect with what we 'd be healthy enough to live much more active lives . 
  i just feel like whenever there 's been turmoil in france in the last few centuries paris is either sacked , starving , occupied , really filthy , or the center of a revolution . 
  ** paris ** , the city that always gets a raw deal when france is in trouble . 
  come back brother !, 
  we always loved you more than denmark !, 
  not to mention that the deal was bullshit anyway . 
  turkey could very easily stem the flow of refugees without foreign aid . 
  they just do n't . 
  yeah i 'd want to get out too because that seems like clusterfuck waiting to happen . 
  actually some of them have been complaining about the woods here in sweden . 
  though i expect that 's due to them having to live on a converted lodging spot in the middle of nowhere fun . 
  have you tried finnish food ? 
  it 's spooky not scary . 
  totally different things . 
  exactly , though i do n't understand why he went for the deepest aspect of being a finn first . 
  if he had any sense he would at least aclimate himself to the booze first . 
  nope . 
  consveratives in sweden are weak-sauce christians . 
  the neo-nazi/farther right organisations like to call up the viking stuff . 
  the symbol of mjolnir have been adopted by a few neo-nazi organisations . 
  though since you asked , the swedish version of cowboys would probably be a forester from northern sweden . 
  sorry , the christian values in sweden are no more . 
  we 're homosex nation now !, 
  it also seems to be run by affluent and oblivious expats . 
  the gun is a weapon for the weak and the instrument of oppression !, 
  the true socialist revolution must be fought for with sword and shield !, 
  50-99 % that 's a pretty safe estimate i take it ? 
  what 's the best answer to violence ? 
  more violence !, 
  i mean it is hard to find another solution when one side is actively engaging in atrocities and murder , at the same time as it would be impossible to negotiate with them without legitimizing them . 
  though i hope we 'll see another way that does n't involve violence soon . 
  maybe mind-control or something . 
  i do n't think that 's quite right . 
  extreme ideologies like nationalism or fundamentalism are on the rise because things are changing so people who oppose the change naturally have to find something they do n't want to change and cling to it . 
  to some it 's the nation and to others it 's the religion . 
  they did n't promote it . 
  they just did n't give a shit so long as it did n't undermine their authority . 
  religion as a whole is reactionary . 
  it 's just that in most of europe there is either no need for any religious organisations to stir shit up , or they 've shifted their marketing . 
  whoop whoop !, 
  now you 're tempting me to continue . 
  it 's more fun when you 're mad . 
  i 'm just trying to bend the words as much as possible , to see if they brake . 
  though i 'm against the prohibition of any type of clothing ( or the absence of it ) i 'm not getting too involved with this debate . 
  well burqas and niqabs are native customs to muslim countries . 
  so as long as they 're worn by muslim natives i do n't see a problem with this . 
  sure but calling yourself a `` humanitarian superpower '' is the height of arrogance . 
  and since we 'll have a cold winter this year i 'm sure it wo n't be pretty for those poor fuckers in military tents . 
  sure military tents are pretty cozy with the built in stove thing , but i doubt anyone wants to live inside them long term . 
  i know this is an issue of logistics but i feel a small amount of satisfaction that none of our politicians can look down from their position as a `` humanitarian superpower '' ( ugh , that phrase just makes me wan na puke ) anymore . 
  i said scolded not punished . 
  you can bet that most international news agencies would be really mad about causing an international incident . 
  after four years of being shit on i would expect him to be quite cooperative . 
  probably bad things . 
  we would also be scolded by the eu and un pretty harshly . 
  that 's not going to happen with erdrogan because everyone knows the man is insane and wo n't listen . 
  i wonder how people would react if i ran into our parliament screaming `` deus vult ! '', 
  probably the same as in this article since i would be disturbing it .
