  but not the housing . 
  well there is nowhere for them to stay here in stockholm that would n't run way over budget . 
  jesus , you fed them british food ? 
  well you can get a house pretty cheaply compared to more central places out in the sticks . 
  but you are actually out in the sticks . 
  no busses , closest supermarket is a super small place five kilometers away that has n't been resupplied since the 80 's . 
  even though i commute to university i 'm pretty sure i end up walking at least a kilometer a day . 
  is there any data on how long it takes for asylum seekers to find work once their waiting period is up ? 
  well the reason for merkel 's invitation as i understood it was because there were already so many already practically at their doorstep . 
  the social democrats were in control of the riksdag for most of the 20th century . 
  fuck , that 's pretty brutal . 
  that 's pretty racist bro . 
  what 's their end game ? 
  to fight their way through hungary with their bare hands ? 
  i mean even if they do get in they 'll just get arrested . 
  wow , props to those serbian police officers . 
  it takes some serious guts to stand between a crowd of rioters and a few units of riot geared police . 
  then at least give each country the right to veto . 
  the fact that acta and ttip are/were even on the table speaks volumes of how altruistic the intentions behind the eu are . 
  not to mention that at it 's heart the eu is an undemocratic union when it comes to the individual countries ' representation within it . 
  if the eu truly respected it 's members each country would the equal amounts of votes in the council . 
  as it stands the organisation acts at the expense of the people living within it 's member countries . 
  acta and ttip to give two examples . 
  do you have an answer to * my * question ? 
  to whose benefit ? 
  as it stands the eu seems like a way for corporations to gain more power over the people . 
  i 'm firmly in the sovreignty  unity camp . 
  well people from other countries are n't other countries ' responsibility unless they choose to make it theirs . 
  you know , the ones trying the open water ? 
  i was mostly talking about ensuring the safety of those choosing the more perilous routes . 
  the book is made by an activist group to ensure the safety of refugees . 
  especially those making the trip by boat , in my opinion the organisation is doing good work . 
  i ca n't say that i 'm 100 % or even 70 % on board with refugees streaming into sweden , but i 'd rather they be here than dead . 
  femen is led by a really creepy dude , but i 'm right behind it shutting down this kind of hate speech . 
  though i would 've gone another way about it , like pulling the fire alarm or barging in with as many people as possible while playing girls just want to have fun . 
  no it 's what the news reported here in sweden for months when the conflict began . 
  not to mention that i never said that the rebels were good in any way . 
  maybe i 'm misinformed , then but you ca n't deny that assad was the one who brought violence and death to syria . 
  it was his regime that started killing those protesting his rule . 
  assad gassed his own people , i hardly see any point of keeping the cancerous growth that is his regime alive . 
  i really think un should be helping out with this crisis . 
  is n't that what they do ? 
  but i assume that their resources and troops are stretched thin enough as it is . 
  you got ta give it to them , they 're tenacious . 
  well i 'm not against them if that what you 're asking . 
  though i am baffled as to where the expect to recive a better reception than in sweden . 
  from what i 've seen a lot of them know english , perhaps if they had access to the internet the could look up papers like the guardian or the local . 
  ca n't they just stop and think for a fucking second ? 
  read the newspapers , look up the terms of their staying etc. 
  it 's heartbreaking that they are desperate enough to threaten this , people are trying to help them . 
  i might not agree with my country 's policy but in the case of helping those making it here i 'm all for it . 
  they are largely the same thing . 
  bears use claws and probably worships some weird allbear instead of allah though . 
  svalbard is generally pretty hardcore . 
  you have to be armed when venturing outside because bears can fuck you up . 
  was n't it due to russia blocking the un security council that the syrian civil war was prolonged in the first place ? 
  iirc there was already a deal on the table . 
  the immigrants who 've already made it here a year or so ago are probably wiping their collective brows to not have been caught up in this mess . 
  i 'm not saying they 're a cool badboy for doing what they do . 
  i 'm just done with trying to defend the other parties . 
  they 're all shit , but at least it 's obvious with sd . 
  well it 's kind of true is n't it ? 
  the blues have agreed to vote as the reds do on questions regarding the budget which can be twisted into meaning they 'll vote as the reds to on pretty much everything . 
  this leaves the riksdag as a huge pink and grey mass with sd as the only clear party in opposition to the ruling one . 
  those are two different things though . 
  one is about a current crisis , the other petty shit that the other parties do to sweden 's sole opposition party . 
  i think that we can just replace any headline made nowadays by the other swedish parties in the riksdag as `` the government plays right into sd 's hands '', 
  not to mention that that stance on immigrants from syria has been a thing since the civil war began . 
  not to mention that that stance on immigrants from syria has been a thing since the civil war began . 
  well hopefully they 'll be able to . 
  it makes me wish that there some kind of process to test out a person 's skills in the profession they claimed to have had before they left . 
  there must be a trove of educated skilled labor that due to having to leave everything behind or coming from a university that does n't exist anymore do menial jobs in europe right now . 
  sad but true . 
  i do n't know i think they can spin that `` hardworking africans '' angle pretty well . 
  the commercial would be optimistic feature happy music from the local area and there would be short interviews with the people working and showing graphs and stuff of this country 's growth . 
  well the clothing is not * for * the africans . 
  it 's for them to export . 
  yes they basically send them to internment camps from what i can gather . 
  really humanitarian . 
  send them back where ? 
  to syria ? 
  where their homes might be destroyed and there is no functional government to take care of them . 
  which then leads to you either having to deport them yourselves or they sneak in anyway . 
  some probably are , hiring a trafficker is expensive . 
  extremely expensive , so i would assume that most of them were wealthy enough to have savings . 
  you are correct , i recently read an article from a swedish publication where it said that some people were even promised girlfriends if they came to sweden , with pictures of women protesting the `` lack of men '' . 
  which is straight up crazy . 
  i 'm more surprised that there are n't more clamoring for sweden . 
  though , after a trepidous journey through the middle east , northern africa , across the mediterranean , and across europe they might be a bit sick of traveling . 
  even the people coming in from turkey must be pretty exhausted by that point . 
  yeah , lets leave germany out of the process of coming up with solutions . 
  probably , i 'm not too well read on the subject . 
  i imagine you could find that out through the web . 
  exactly , and it 's not like the military is groaning under the weight of new recruits . 
  well we could try to increase military spending but it 's not exactly a popular subject among politicians . 
  some parties in the riksdag want to spend even less money on military . 
  i 've heard it 's worse in places like kuwait , dubai , and qatar . 
  though do n't quote me on that . 
  book a flight and trash your passport on the plane !, 
  sure but in that time someone could split from the main group and do something crazy .
