  wow really ? 
  that 's shit . 
  alright , i 'm just going to get this off my chest . 
  george osborne looks like super evil . 
  like some kind of lowkey disney villain . 
  he has that look of upperclass villainy . 
  smack dab in the middle , as it should be . 
  lagom and all that . 
  yeah as long as scotland is part of the uk i would n't expect them to be able to negotiate as a sovreign nation . 
  now that 's a solid reason to become a federalist !, 
  i was thinking more in terms of the fact that some former french colonies still have french-speaking population to a certain extent . 
  i would guess french since it 's a lot more international than german , but they might just bring back fucking esperanto out of sheer spite . 
  would it be possible for ni to rejoin the rest of ireland at all ? 
  or is that just not on the cards in terms of public opinion ? 
  yeah it 's with a lot of schadenfreude that i 'm following the aftermath of the uk referendum , but there is a part of me that is kind of worried for the british people . 
  that burger looks really good . 
  [ citation provided ] consider that the burden of proof is on you when you make a statement like `` plenty of radicalized muslims in swedish prisons . '', 
  though i ca n't really say that the article you linked is definete proof of that . 
  it talks about it being a rise in radicalized individuals not so much about the amount . 
  so i would n't summize from just that article that there are `` plenty '' of radicalized muslims in the swedish prison system as the article states that there are less than ten known radical islamists in the swedish prison system ( though it does mention that there might be more , but there 's no concrete proof of it . ) . 
  with all of that said the article * is * ( to me ) proof that there are radical muslims in the swedish prison system and that number might increase as more returning is members are sentenced to prison . 
   plenty of radicalized muslims in swedish prisons . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  yeaaah no . 
  there 's still resistance against the lgbt-community becuse of it , art and expression has been stifled under it , and there 's the whole pedophile thing amongst the countries with catholic populations . 
  aaaand like usual ygeman is being a smug prick . 
   this is n't a regular tantrum it 's an * advanced * meltdown . 
  we 're growing !, 
  let 's hope our freaking housing market can grow too !, 
  do it romania !, 
  we all believe in you . 
  is some kind of anti-homo power user on the polish part of reddit or something ? 
  does n't make any sense . 
  yeah i do n't know polish . 
  can you translate ? 
  please do n't play too rough with me now ~ ~, 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm most likely ineligable to join because of a disability , unless they start scraping the bottom of the barrel . 
  sorry i was a bit unspecific . 
  what i meant was that i do n't think people should be forced to swedish military actions abroad like the ones in iraq and afghanistan , unless we have declared war on those countries . 
  i do n't know how gmu works . 
   take action . 
  hahahahaha !, 
  i 'm being generous of course . 
  i think it 's actually closer to two weeks :p, 
  volunteers are still a thing and i believe once you 've signed the contract you 're on the hook for a year after basic training . 
  i know a guy who is part of the reserves and he 's told me that he 's met new recruits over the age of 30 . 
  yeah it 's estimated that against a foe like russia the swedish army would n't be able to hold off an invasion for even a month . 
  i do n't think it 's too bad of an idea , though i do n't think anyone should be forced into active duty unless there 's a war going on . 
  yup and i just barely escaped the pool of people that are drafted by being born in 96 . 
  had i been born in 99 i 'd be eligable for conscription . 
  i thought estonia did some sort of half measure a few years ago . 
  we did !, 
  great comics , really funny animated movies to . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  sure but only one country in europe speaks spanish , but both german and french is spoken through a lot of countries . 
  and though it would be beneficial to be more connected linguistically to latin-america i think that english serves well enough for that purpose . 
  so i still think that europe should continue to use english as a lingua franca . 
  sure , but it seems a bit counter intuitive . 
  our biggest ally speaks english , along with most other regions britian has had colonies in . 
  perhaps our education systems should start teaching a third language ( like german or french ) at the same time as they start teaching english , because i think being fluent in english is far too valuable to be dismissed . 
  that could work if she 's replaced in germany . 
  though i doubt she 'd be up for it . 
  english is the language with the most spread over the world . 
  someone speaking english is more likely to be understood worldwide than any other language , so i would think it will remain a staple of the eu even after the uk leaves . 
  that does n't mean it 'll remain that way forever , but i do n't see any alternative language coming along anytime soon . 
  well at least there is nowhere that 50 % completely disagree . 
  haha look at finland and it 's stupid ass lion !, 
  or is it some kind of medieval-looking fursona . 
  i ca n't tell . 
  what do you think we should do instead ? 
  i can tell you this : no one involved will be happy with the outcome . 
  they also tend to only quote statistics when it befits the agenda of the article . 
  yeah dn tends to publish the truth . 
  i think that 's a pretty apt description of people like him . 
  i 'm swedish as my flair suggests , but i agree wholeheartedly . 
  ( though i would mostly be declared unfit for service due to some disabilities ) . 
  i for one would be very much for a public vote for the eu presidency . 
  perhaps the voter turnout would n't be too high at first , but given a few years that could be an important part of the political landscape . 
  sure they did , but as i remember it the leave side of it was very iffy about what that would actually mean . 
  if the voters had properly researched their vote and been better informed i think it would 've turned out differently . 
  no worries !, 
  i think you mean norwegian model . 
  sweden is a full member of the eu iirc . 
  though we do n't use the euro ( yet ) . 
  i have a feeling that the protectionist and anti-globalist right will be a dead meme in the near future . 
  what about scotland ? 
  are they just sitting on their mountains laughing at the english again ? 
  so if i 'm understanding this correctly : against the best interest of their country the tories decided to do a `` hard '' brexit because they wanted to remain votable ? 
  sure they listened to the voters , but i doubt the voters understood what it meant when the voted to enact article 50 . 
   during the campaign vote leave said the referendum was not about leaving the common market , it was only about our membership of the eu . 
  which considering how such an arrangement would mean that the uk would have to follow eu rules and regulation on commerce * anyway * without the ability to vote on it , really makes we wonder how stupid the british general public is . 
  welp . 
  either theresa may will get another thatcher esque reputation , or the uk will have something similar to the * post-war economic miracle * in japan . 
  yup . 
  sweden 's climate kind of relies on the gulf stream . 
  once that thing decides to quit you 'll be hearing a lot more complaining about snow i assure you . 
  cool . 
  just so you know , subtitles stop at about 3 minutes in so i ca n't really watch the video as i do n't speak a word of french . 
  i was corrected earlier in the thread , so right now i do n't and since the comment has been up for a day already i do n't think there is any point in me deleting it .
