i guess if i did n't have an actual argument , i would resort to that as well . 
   ever heard the words `` eigentum verpflichtet '' ? 
  well it 's in the grundgesetz . 
  not everything in a country 's constitution is a good thing . 
  slavery was once part of the us constitution . 
  whether it is there or not , this will only drive more germans towards the right . 
  germans largely openly welcomed these people into their country . 
  now they want more and more . 
  more reports of refugees abusing each other in camps and raping each other are popping up every day . 
  the right wing parties are already gaining ground . 
   if someone has the money to leave a luxury apartment vacant to create an artificial shortage , he probably is . 
   these vacant houses are used to drive up prices , these houses are not owned by normal people but by investment companies . 
  you seem quite obsessed with the idea that `` grrr all these rich people are just holding on to property to drive up the values '' . 
  i know a family who owns an apartment they plan to house their child in when they go to university . 
  they do n't rent it because it is really hard and a long process to get someone out when the time comes for the family to need the place . 
  but i guess they are just evil rich bastards who should turn over their property to the government for rental . 
  i personally want to buy a house in a small village to stay at during the summer . 
  if i have to turn it over to random refugees , then fuck that idea . 
   talking about houses is already fairly non-abstract , no need for another example . 
  look i get it , my example points out the absurdity of yours and you do n't like it . 
  you do n't have to say anymore . 
   if they leave the houses empty to create an artificial shortage then yes we should . 
  does n't matter if its just to store their shoe collection , its peoples property . 
   we already have a housing problem , the refugee crisis is acerbating it , i have no issue with forcing rich investors to actually rent their houses out . 
  not everyone who owns property is a `` rich investor '' . 
   by the way , your comparison sucks , why not leave this conversation on housing ? 
  maybe your reading comprehension sucks ? 
  they are both pieces of personal property that are very valuable and not always used . 
  where does the line get drawn ? 
  first the country is opened to them , now people 's homes ... what next ? 
   should we leave houses vacant while we build tents and cram way too many people into overcrowded refugee camps ? 
  if thats someones property , and they do n't wish to open it to refugees , then yes we should . 
  should we take the cars of people who do n't drive to work everyday , so refugees can go the places they need to go ? 
  there was a thread last night on / r/europe about it , but of course the fucking mods removed it like everything else that does n't fit the narrative . 
  tried using the search for it , but found nothing . 
  the only other thing i can find are sites in german . 
  i do n't know the validity of this source , but it has the image in question . 
  his facebook was plastered with pro isis shit . 
   which is why europe is no longer an economic force . 
  thats why europe has a higher gdp than the us right ? 
   decent wages if 45k is what you consider decent wages in the us , you really do n't get it . 
  any health insurance that has deductibles , co-pays , restrictions on care , annual maximums , etc is not good insurance . 
  if you have to spend a dime out of pocket , its terrible insurance . 
   workers right is a balancing act , too many and you have the problems facing europe today , unable to compete in world markets . 
  * blinks * looks at my tag . 
  * blinks again *  shrm report hightlights ) as highlighted by the findings . 
  `` 98 % of employers offer at least some paid leave to their employees ; full-time employees earn between 6 and 20 vacation days at 86 % of employers surveyed . 
  about 96 % of surveyed employers give their employees paid time off during public holidays typically 6 per year.the average number of paid vacation days offered by private employers is 10 days after 1 year of service , 14 days after 5 years , 17 days after 10 years , and 19 days after 20 years . '', 
  that is ... embarrassing . 
  after growing up and living in the us , i ca n't believe people tolerate so little vacation . 
  it is illegal in europe to give people so little vacation . 
  considering i am also an american , and lived in the us for the bulk of my life ... 
  i think you are the fucking idiot . 
  you do not have the same access to healthcare as western europe . 
  in the us the barrier to entry is being able to afford insurance and the care . 
  having insurance does n't guarantee you access to care if you ca n't afford the co-pays and torrent of bills afterwards . 
  in germany you just show up at the doctor and get treated . 
  there are n't co-pays . 
  there are no after bills . 
  you just get care . 
  insurance is paid via taxes , there is no shopping for insurance plans or trying to get obamacare subsidies , or being too poor and qualifying for medicaid . 
  on worker rights , if you can come into work and be immediately terminated without reason , with no severance , notice , or anything ... thats not worker rights . 
  when you can be outsourced and compelled to train your foreign replacement under the threat of losing unemployment benefits ... thats not worker rights . 
  when you can be fired for being sick or having a baby , thats not worker rights . 
  most jobs in the us do n't really provide vacation time . 
  sorry 14 days a year ( which typically includes your sick time i.e. 
  pto ) is not a vacation policy , its a joke . 
  330 million people with poor access to healthcare , few if any worker rights , and no federally mandated sick/vacation policies . 
   why does everyone assume they want to just come and claim welfare ? 
  because these countries need people who can speak the language and who have actual skills . 
  how many of these refugees are engineers , it workers , scientists , etc. 
  these countries have enough people for unskilled work . 
  they do n't need more mcdonald 's workers . 
  so a small number of feminists in one small country advocate it , thus feminists world wide are advocating for it ? 
  is n't that falling into the same trap as people who lump extremist muslims with regular everyday muslims ? 
  i think we can agree that norway is an outlier and very progressive in this regard . 
  the vast majority of countries do n't do it that way . 
  up until the point where there is n't enough volunteers . 
  if in the us , the number of volunteers fell below a certain threshold and they could n't increase those numbers , there would certainly be a draft . 
  especially if a threat was looming . 
   someone can advocate for gender equality and oppose conscription for both men and women . 
  sure but with russia on your doorstep , thats probably not a good idea . 
  also that is n't whats happening here . 
  men are being shamed for not wanting to be drafted . 
  no one is arguing that no one should be drafted , or if there is a draft , both genders should be drafted . 
  if there was an equal rights group out there , they would be arguing for one or the other . 
  they say `` there are no feminists on sinking ship '' for a reason . 
  of course they are n't self-advocating to join the conscription ranks . 
  yep . 
  do you ? 
  just look at google for fucks sake . 
  look at the news . 
  read a newspaper . 
  heres interesting trivia . 
  according to studies , us police officers kill approximately 1,000 citizens per year in the line of duty . 
  on average , four officers are indicted for causing gun-related deaths on duty every year . 
   and i am saying this is not always the case at all . 
  you are focusing on a few outliers . 
  the majority walk . 
  even with their name `` broadcasted around the world '' they still keep their jobs , pensions , and get to live as free men outside of prison .
