  the people they abuse are n't afforded that luxury . 
  illegal chokeholds , gunning down fleeing suspects and planting a tazer , blowing away some dude for getting off his bicycle wrong , and tazering someone in a car and when it catches on fire just let them die ... that is n't `` get away with bullshit '' . 
  thats murder and brutality . 
  i like how you made up a quote that i did n't say , then bashed it to dismiss what i said . 
  thats literally a text book straw man . 
  the problem is n't that it happens . 
  the problem is accountability . 
  in the us there is zero accountability . 
  even when on film and clear as day . 
  in germany , the police are at least held accountable . 
   there definitely is a problem with police brutality in germany . 
  coming from the us and now living in germany . 
  i ca n't help but laugh at that statement . 
  jesus christ you nuts actually do exist . 
  those are some epic leaps of logic that you have to make to even try to come up with that rationalization . 
  all it does is criminalize men . 
  thats fucked up . 
  the `` what the fuck '' comes from the double standard . 
  if it is illegal , it should be illegal for everyone involved . 
  not everyone is a victim and most choose their life in the sex trade . 
  so wait ... the buying of sex is illegal , but the selling is legal . 
  what the fuck . 
   i do n't think any place in germany has fiber and many places in berlin do not even have cable or dsl internet access . 
  munich has fiber . 
  it is a private/public cooperative with the city . 
  100/mbps for 30/mo . 
  hint , look up the effective tax rates . 
  i think it depends where . 
  there are protests every monday in munich , and there is a small army of police just hanging out supervising in all their riot gear . 
  plenty of police to go around there . 
  i think rescued is the wrong word here when she willingly went to join them . 
  should be captured , because she should be going to jail . 
   you ca n't possibly negotiate when everyone ( companies , unions , ** people ** , governments ) keeps criticising something in it . 
  so everyone else gets invited but the people . 
  yet all these groups exist for the people . 
  this article uses a lot of words to say nothing . 
  i guess languages ca n't be learned . 
  shucks . 
  your english is quite good . 
  you have that going for you . 
  this needs to be higher . 
  something migrants should consider before leaving for another country ... 
  i am american and got a work visa in germany in 4 days . 
  if you have skills it is stupid easy . 
   literally illegal . 
  it literally is n't . 
  personally i 've had three claims denied for bullshit reasons and had to appeal them . 
   that you hardly , if ever , actually pay . 
  unless you have a chronic illness , cancer , need surgery , etc. 
   medicaid . 
  lol , you must be a troll . 
  you have to make $ 23,550 for a family of 4 to qualify . 
  most people with employer provided insurance make $ 58,000 on average . 
   europeans pay more in taxes , which you are guaranteed to pay if you have a job , than i do for insurance and deductible combined . 
  also , i only pay my deductible if i actually need healthcare . 
  europeans pay for healthcare regardless of if they need it or not . 
  you ... have n't lived in europe before have you ? 
  read the actual study . 
  lol , it does n't need to be split by class . 
  if the average premium , the average deductible , and the average out of pocket are n't affordable for the average american ( aka the middle class ) then it is n't affordable . 
  also , if you want better break downs , do n't be lazy and read the actual report . 
   workers now pay an average of $ 1,318 out of pocket before health insurance coverage begins to cover part of their bills , up from $ 584 a decade ago , according to a new report out from the kaiser family foundation . 
  that 's after paying an average of $ 89 each month for health insurance premiums . 
   a decade ago , only 55 % of plans even had a deductible . 
  now , 81 % do . 
  plus , 24 % of workers are in high-deductible plans , which require that workers pay more than $ 1,300 out of pocket . 
  families in high-deductible plans must pay more than $ 2,600 out of pocket , $ 4,332 on average  while single employees pay an average of $ 89 a month in monthly premiums -- compared to $ 90 last year -- employees with family coverage pay $ 413 a month on average . 
  http://time.com/money/4044394/average-health-deductible-premium/ sounds like a dream to the middle class . 
  it works great for the middle class ? 
  tell that to people who get claims denied for arbitrary reasons , have several thousands in deductibles , and people who do n't work somewhere that pays 90 % of their healthcare premiums . 
   germany is amazingly technologically backwards . 
  ~ ~ some ~ ~ most places there are still cash only . 
  i see the troll now . 
  of course the only retort you have is insults and mockery . 
  and you wonder why right wing parties are rising . 
  that sounds like a them problem , not an us problem . 
  countries have no poor citizens ? 
  no downtrodden ? 
  no homeless ? 
  they can seek help from their home countries . 
   governments have the funds to use that money to buy houses and food and other necessities to immigrants arriving why should n't that go to the citizens of the country that government belongs to , instead of immigrants who have done nothing to deserve it . 
  i think he 's imply that people just wo n't adopt now . 
   eagal to school i lol 'd, 
  except italy could n't score without a handout from the ref . 
  what a bullshit penalty kick . 
  you dropped this : / s, 
  i still do n't understand what the fuck an `` advice surgery '' is . 
  was she having surgery ? 
  receiving consultation for a surgery ? 
  wtf ? 
  true , but nato comes with the backing of the us military . 
  so estonia might get fucked before the nato war machine kicks into gear , but its unlikely germany would be impacted before that happens . 
  if i had to explain the logic . 
  personally i would say all of this is overblown , but i can see where people think its not . 
  there is a few countries between germany and russia . 
  so its not seen as an immanent threat here , unlike countries on the border . 
  man what flavor of koolaid do you guys have in sweden ? 
  yet nobody would except female circumcision under religious grounds . 
  : thinking :, 
   which is paid for by the employer .
