  thing is , are you ready for full fiscal union with a strong federal government ? 
  because that 's what it will take . 
  but that 's not what they were really asking about is it ? 
  they asked german businessmen if they welcomed brexit . 
  of course the answer was no . 
  i 'd be curious what their answer was to the prospect of trade barriers . 
  he did suggest a united states of europe should exist . 
  not that britain should join it . 
  i am really sorry about that abuse . 
  you should be able to stay in the end , if you still want to . 
  i did n't vote to leave , largely because i am not anti-immigrant and did n't want to reject people like yourself . 
  but the desire to protect existing trade exists on both sides . 
  the eu just does n't want to look weak or encourage further secession but that just requires something cosmetic or partial . 
  there is a lot of ill feeling towards the uk that is blinding people to the fact that the uk is the # 1 destination for exported goods from the eu . 
  an imperfect deal can be struck . 
  how did it force you out ? 
  no , other nations will still gladly sell us their food . 
  often after subsidising its production with their own money . 
  it is our food that may be bottled up , but we can just eat it . 
  not great for farmers but we 'll still have plenty to eat . 
  yeah , they are just looking to shift the necessary minimum of their operations to an existing office . 
  not make a substantial investment . 
  cheers , fascinating . 
  true, 
  weirdly , i measure myself in kg and babies in pounds . 
  distances between cities in miles and small objects in cm . 
  we are in transition . 
  not sure which way . 
  got a source ? 
  i am drawing a blank . 
  could be $ value of aggregate sales . 
  was looking for this comment chain . 
  in the us cars are a necessity bought by both rich and poor . 
  the us business model is to offer a car as cheap as possible up front to lock in parts sales . 
  this attracts less financially literate individuals and those less able to buy something built to last by paying more up front . 
  in europe a car is an optional purchase with a status symbol element . 
  the market is mainly financially literate people who want something perceived to be of quality who have the means to acquire it . 
  hence the most successful model has been to design and build reliable vehicles with a high brand mark up . 
  rich americans are more like europeans in their purchasing habits while poor europeans do n't buy cars at all . 
  hence the relative export patterns . 
  we 'll see , tariffs will be reciprocal . 
  there surely is a market for privacy as well as services based on intrusive surveillance . 
  in 2012 germany legalised circumcision for purely religious purposes . 
  come on , it did for you . 
  it does and you know it . 
  the practice does originate with ancient egyptians , who were all running around bald . 
  no one gives them credit . 
  teenage boys must never discover the existence of their own genitals !, 
  muslims are unpopular , germans fall over themselves to prove they are not antisemitic . 
  i am not sure this is a wise move . 
  has any effort been made to reconcile jews and muslims to this ? 
  diverse enough that some people miss sarcasm obvious to others . 
  i think he means trumps margin of victory in rural swing states was in the thousands and hilary had a lead of millions in the cities that counted for nothing . 
  a good motto for understanding the situation . 
  true , but is this a bad thing ? 
  you are a british resident operating a british company . 
  could you expect to pull together such a crew outside of london ? 
  perhaps brexit will screw it but i doubt berlin could give such a range of talent all with fluency in their native language and in the local language . 
  schengen is a bad idea . 
  it will be an issue for years though . 
  you may be tired of it , but as you are n't emperor of europe , that does n't change anything . 
  nice, 
  i pay # 18 a month for unlimited 4g in the uk . 
  probably will have roaming charges in a couple of years ... 
  i refer you to your now deleted comment . 
  good day . 
  the dead are the real victims . 
  and yet islam has changed many times and is subject to many competing interpretations . 
  i do n't think we are judged as a block . 
  british muslims by and large know why they are lucky to not be in france or hungary . 
  when purges start on the continent i expect the difference between eu and uk to be seen . 
  1 - disconnect ourselves from white supremacist europeans like yourself . 
  2 - observe the stats which show good integration by and large in the uk . 
  3 - start giving a shit about the political organisations that exist within the muslim community and their mosques . 
  4 - promote a moderate , liberal , feminist islam with official/royal support . 
  5 - make hizb ut tahrir , wahabism and similar movements illegal . 
  no shit . 
  i am brit , we tell them off for it all the time . 
  sometimes you accumulate karma being funny , sometimes you spend it trying to make the herd see sense . 
  then you are n't as liberal as you think . 
  millions of british muslims live and work peacefully and turning on them is exactly what isis are trying to provoke . 
  they are n't going after the edl , they are going after ordinary people who might turn into edl supporters . 
  the real ira killed 29 in omagh in 1998 with a bomb . 
  the crusades ended in 1291 . 
  point is , we used to be bombed by european neighbours , now it is radical islamists . 
  we are n't about to turn on our muslim friends and neighbours in the uk . 
  if you estonians want to , brexit is a good thing . 
  we will stick to the slow process of integration that shits these bastards up as they watch our decadent society seduce liberal muslims with fun and freedom . 
  i bet they met in syria or grew up together or met at a mosque where the creation of an islamic state is regularly preached . 
  apologise for demanding he apologise . 
  apologise for spelling apologise as apologize . 
  apologise for expecting to be taken seriously with that username . 
  apologise for 1812 . 
  what do you mean ? 
  one team , did n't kill anywhere near as many people , over in 10 minutes . 
  he was right on every point . 
  but why is that inevitable ? 
  we ca n't keep our heads ? 
  i want to see islam established alongside anglican christianity in the uk . 
  king charles as sponsor of a feminist , liberal , mainstream network of beautiful moderate mosques .
