  why should it be the desire to leave the eu that needs a super majority ? 
  as the eu gets steadily larger and closer to a superstate the threshold of support for the proposition we should allow it to absorb us should be higher . 
  if less than 50 % of those bothered to vote are consenting to our march toward ever closer union , how the hell can it be right to continue ? 
  the uk has held two referendums on the eu . 
  in 1975 and 2016 . 
  some people were pushing for the 2nd one since 1990 . 
  so it is n't stupid to suggest the issue be revisited in 40 years . 
  especially as the youth who are more pro eu will now be a majority and able to gauge in vs out and see how the eu has developed . 
  everyone understood there were predictions being made . 
  remain asserted there would be meltdown and immediate a50 , with trade deals a dim prospect . 
  no one has any idea what will happen the eu could n't even get 50 % of the vote . 
  that 's a bad sign for a state not even born yet . 
  i thought they used currency swaps . 
  if the chinese can make what you make , you need to make something else . 
  the american understands us better than the europeans ... 
  the american understands us better than the europeans ... 
  leaving the eu is n't insane . 
  i voted remain ( but am coming around ) and we are not your fellow europeans . 
  for ages we only stayed in because we were told that `` it 's just a trading bloc ; there is no looming superstate '' . 
  just go ahead and make one . 
  without us . 
  they are hurt . 
  the europeans i know do n't want us to go . 
  cried over the result and are desperate to think there might be a way for us to stay . 
  ecstatic when they think there is . 
  angry when they think there is n't . 
  it 's a break up . 
  i for one would switch my vote , but not as you are expecting . 
  not sure what is most common . 
  i think one thing is if we did a rerun turnout would be even higher . 
  we tried renegotiation ; did n't get anything . 
  i voted remain but am of the opinion we need to get out , hard brexit , now . 
  ni is part of the uk and bound by the agreements the uk as a whole makes with other countries . 
  it came into the eu with uk and will leave with it . 
  if ni decides to leave the uk , it can , in any case the government has made it clear they want to minimise the impact of this on ni . 
  there is no way the rest of the uk would hand ni a veto let alone those who presume to speak for it ; 44.3 % of ni voters voted leave . 
  it was basically close everywhere . 
  not to us . 
  aristocrats are n't even in the house of lords much these days . 
  yeah , but it makes sense for a backbench mp to be elected on the basis of who that will help put into no10 . 
  it is just necessary to remember that a voter chooses an mp ( often ) on the basis of who they will help to make pm . 
  no , as may shows . 
  the pm is chosen by the queen on the basis they command the confidence of parliament . 
  if a party goes into a general election but their leader does n't win a seat even though they get a majority in the house the queen would choose someone else . 
  it is n't splitting hairs . 
  it 's how it works . 
  which is why the amendments will be shot down or vague enough to be meaningless . 
  the best outcome will result from giving the government a free hand . 
  might wish for another government or for this not to be happening at all but since it is , may has to be allowed to do what she can . 
  perhaps i should have written `` i wish them well and hope they actually implement a program of reform that leaves them better off in an eu that functions more effectively '' . 
   lamy-verheugen plan at the 40th anniversary of the \u00c9lys\u00e9e treaty . 
  has that been adopted or implemented at all in the last 13 years since its proposal ? 
  you claimed he literally said the uk should be in the united states of europe , not a united europe , which an independent uk was and will be a part of . 
  linking together empire and a united europe can just mean diplomatic relations . 
  i am prepared to believe you . 
  but where and when ? 
  did i miss it in the links you shared , or is it elsewhere ? 
  the anglo-french union was a war manoeuvre and dropped subsequently . 
  the work he did in encouraging an eu did not stop him from making the statement i quoted above . 
  the article you have sourced from is interpreting what he * would * have felt now . 
  not illegitimate , but falls short of changing the fact he never tried to join when he was pm after 1950 and never requested parliament to pass something that would lead to this . 
  he was n't eurosceptic and viewed the eu as necessary , but in his life never campaigned for the uk to be a member state of a united states of europe because he saw the commonwealth and empire as more important . 
  arguably he would have changed his tune , but then again , he may have looked at the modern eu and rejected it . 
  where in any of the links , or any others did he  literally state [ d ] that a united states of europe should exist pioneered by britain and the french republic . 
  source ? 
  because i am finding a quote : `` where do we stand ? 
  we are not members of the european defence community , nor do we intend to be merged in a federal european system . 
  we feel we have a special relation to both . 
  this can be expressed by prepositions , by the preposition `` with '' but not `` of '' -- we are with them , but not of them . '', 
  churchill in hansard , 11 may 1953 . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  bad for business . 
  trade barriers ? 
  bad for business . 
  the constitution prevents politicians doing it without a mandate ( such as an amendment ) . 
  i recognise that when push to comes to shove most germans do n't want a fiscal union with greece etc. 
  but the problem is the currency union demands it . 
  i think this is the force tearing europe apart . 
  in my experience ordinary french and germans absolutely want a superstate ; they just do n't want many of the things such a state would require . 
  i do n't think other countries pretend the eu is n't trying to be a nation , they are just ok with it . 
  i wish them well and hope they come up with a plan . 
  me neither , nor any german i ever met . 
  pro eu though i am , i think the uk is most realistic about what the eu really is and requires . 
  we just do n't want it . 
  pro eu germans like the dream but do n't want the reality . 
  i am not sure what will change . 
  the euro was made too then . 
  he also became pm again in 1950 , after indian independence . 
  he lived to 1965 and never changed his view . 
  no union is really necessary . 
  we joined the eu for trade , in reaction to being cut off , then resisted every proposal that would amount to being drawn deeper in and now are leaving . 
  we can be a mid size nation instead of trying to be a world power . 
  the eu should focus on becoming a nation too . 
  i can respect that , but you need it now . 
  the euro crisis will recur without it . 
  once the currency was up , a full federation had to follow . 
  personally i think brexit was an indirect consequence of the euro crisis . 
  i 'd urge you to react to it with fiscal union , lest the eu fall apart . 
  yeah , this the biggest difference between us i noticed in germany ; no one i know sees the eu as a vehicle for peace or an inspirational ideal . 
  even those of us who are pro-eu see it as a glorified trading bloc and play down the idea of a superstate .
