  i think the only way this ends is reformation of islam that saudi arabia is challenged by . 
  really where ? 
  which comments ? 
  his point is that ukraine only declared it once they were in dispute with russia . 
  it is disingenuous as tatars never forgot . 
  their non tartar neighbours treat it as a political football but here is a tartar trying to commemorate his own ancestors being arrested by police for holding a flag and some photos . 
  how dare he besmirch the good name of stalin , greatest russian of history . 
  i do not love europeans second . 
  i am british , i love commonwealth nations second , long-standing allies 3rd and europeans not already covered 4th . 
  but then we are brexiting because so many do not feel warm towards the eu . 
  will they be chosen by the qatari government ? 
  but shhhh because we definitely are n't seeing the opening phases of a pogrom . 
  no , this time the majority really is at risk of subjugation and anything * they * do is cause for panic and alarm . 
  qatar will control the imams ? 
  send agents amongst the worshippers ? 
  r/europe , a bastion of civilised thought . 
  they did pay in the end . 
  my concern is that eu intends to try , content to see talks break down . 
  kind of . 
  i think they are in asserting free movement , superior rights for eu migrants in the uk and jurisdiction of their courts over ours . 
  basically they want nothing to change , but since it must , it should be bad for us , good for them . 
  maybe they will soften as negotiations continue , but maybe not . 
  i think you misunderstand . 
  it will be extremely easy to deny the uk the same privileges the us has . 
  there have been concluded trade agreements . 
  the uk has none and if brexit occurs without a trade agreement in place the uk will revert to wto rules . 
  that will introduce major disruption to existing economic patterns . 
  that 's really bad for both sides . 
  not fatal and it will only be temporary , but it wo n't be good . 
  not sure which decades you have been living through . 
  i think most people have noticed germany calling the shots ever since schroeder . 
  they already have their hqs in eu27 nations . 
  they set up in london to join in with a global hub . 
  there are already trade deals between the eu and the us that allow us companies to provide some services to eu businesses . 
  the risk is that london-based bankers will not be allowed to provide financial services to eu-based businesses , including banks , cutting off sources of funding as london brings together capital from the world and investment opportunities from all over the world . 
  it is n't clear how or if the flow of funds via london to all over the eu can be sustained without interruption in the case of a hard brexit . 
  remember the option of putting money direct to german companies via frankfurt already exists and is n't done by international investors because frankfurt is where the 2nd rate bankers are . 
  the notion that the eu can just demand the money comes to them , by a route of their choosing , at their command , is silly . 
  the eu does n't realise how dangerous its behaviour is . 
  this is like the euro all over again ; economic reality vs brussels . 
  guess who will turn out to be right ? 
  spain + italy + czech = nothing . 
  germany 's stance is what matters . 
  welcome to the responsibility of power . 
  this is on you . 
  the city of london is 50 % of the eu 's financial industry . 
  cutting it off from the eu businesses that depend upon it for financing operations ( not least of which are european banks ) would cause a credit crunch . 
  eurozone banks are under-capitalised and vulnerable to shocks . 
  now is not the time for the eu to be causing financial crises . 
  brexit is n't an existential threat . 
  no other country has a near majority looking for exit . 
  article 50 was created at british insistence on response to british criticism . 
  the eu mentality that a trade war will lead to stability is madness . 
  the risk is n't that brexit will create a model for secession , the risk it will create a repeat of 2008 and plunge the euro into another crisis . 
  that could lead to a break up of the eu . 
  everything . 
  is secession the same as abandonment ? 
  the eu is about to gain a neighbour and major trading partner . 
  good will might help . 
  we need to unashamedly promote version of islam that is tolerant of minority branches , regards kadija as a female role model and is hostile to wahhabism . 
  mosque of england . 
  we keep hacking them , just like we already do . 
  `` in your lifetime '' is kind of shifting the goalposts , considering you started with `` ever '' . 
  no , they claim internal investigations have to be completed first and then deliberately make them take longer than a human life span . 
  i have direct experience . 
  fuck the swiss and their games . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36456277 )  the uk has provided a total of $ 6.5 bn ( # 5bn ) via the eu for two bailouts : $ 3bn for ireland in november 2010 and $ 3.5 bn for portugal in may 2011 . 
  in addition , in 2010 , the uk provided $ 3.9 bn in bilateral bailout loans to its neighbour and important trading partner - ireland . 
  the uk has made further contributions ... because the imf too provided loans for some of the bailouts . 
  the crisis hit nations have also started to receive more general eu funds . 
  the uk pays into those . 
  for someone who does n't care , you are adamant about distorting the facts and deflecting the issues . 
  uk has followed eu rules but its people want to leave . 
  the eu is cutting the uk off from benefits early but insists contributions will go far into the future . 
  the eu is n't a big scary monster ; it is the new european nationalism once again seeing domination as acceptable practice . 
  if it does not deal fair , there will be a trade war between the eu and its closest trading partner ( ca n't get closer than a member ) and huge damage will be done to both . 
  but only the eu is drunk on hubris . 
  you are all over the place . 
  the eu did not handle the crisis in your country well ( whichever one it is ) portugal has made progress by opposing the austerity pushed by germany and as for the uk doing absolutely nothing * we are net contributors to the eu * what financial assistance your nation received was part funded by us . 
  the eu has refused to guarantee rights of uk citizens in the eu , the uk wo n't make a unilateral guarantee of eu citizens rights because the eu is using people as bargaining chips . 
  you 're just bitter and unable to admit fault . 
  edit : you claim to be from a country `` massively affected by the eurocrisis '' but your flair is dutch . 
  are you an expat of some sort ? 
  our main physical export is killing machines ? 
  we have one of the only two decent militaries in the eu ? 
  so if you want to spend your wealth on destruction and death , we should make friends and go steal some oil together ? 
  sssssh . 
  dara o'briain argues that it is but indirectly . 
  pretty much only the irish make a big deal out of their patron saints day because traditionally pubs would close for lent but open for one day in the middle for paddy 's . 
  hence crowds of drinkers and the notion that it is a cool thing to do . 
  entire country going out for a one night only respite from sobriety . 
  we are staying in europe . 
  this sub covers turkey , iceland and russia , not just the eu . 
  europe ! = eu . 
  nobody ever expects the spanish inquisition . 
  til the kingdom of northumbria extended from edinburgh to sheffield . 
  you keep reasserting the eu is behaving according to treaties or that this issue is somehow part of negotiations . 
  you are not arguing in good faith . 
  i ca n't write it any more clearly ; while the exit negotiations are ongoing , the uk retains all rights and responsibilities of membership . 
  if the eu is going to discriminate against the uk when it comes to how money is spent , it should suspend demands for payment into the programs it is cutting off the uk from .
