  well , that 's same thing people in britain say about continentals . 
  most pakistani-brits i know speak the language , love the country and are godless atheists . 
  maybe it would be a good thing to have fewer people arriving who are convinced being white and christian means more than being tolerant and open minded . 
  there 's an irony for you . 
  different from america ? 
  different from the past ? 
  so what do you think the refugees are coming to do ? 
  make kebabs or kill you ? 
  civil war with germans ? 
  i think he is suggesting that it helped that everyone hated them , by forcing them to adopt the local culture or be mistreated . 
  so the argument would be they did get this ` luxury ' . 
  i think the argument is wrong but there you go . 
  and yet they did integrate . 
  first they were living in their own towns , naming them after their homeland heroes and speaking their own language while their neighbours freaked out . 
  then their kids went to schools using the local language , intermarried and they left their cultural mark on the culture they were absorbed into ; pretzels , hamburgers , hot dogs , piss weak lager . 
  why ca n't europeans nations find space for kebabs ? 
  every time there was a wave of migrants they got freaked out . 
  chinese and the yellow peril . 
  irish , polish , germans . 
  the list of acceptable migrants keeps widening once everyone gets used to a new group . 
  they used to just want white anglo saxon protestants . 
  the war on terror has convinced us there is no hope for muslims , but it is our values that are failing . 
  if europe wants to be different it needs courage . 
  so unity lasted about an hour huh ? 
  general : go forth and unleash hell !, 
  troops : wheeeee !, 
  well known alternative fact ; cyprus invaded by turkish kids . 
  what sanctions ? 
  he 's holding back a few million . 
  he 'll get what he wants . 
  i think the way we vote determines what they think they have to do . 
  when france , holland , etc voted against eu treaties they just got asked again . 
  it seems some are baffled why we do n't do that too . 
  perhaps not . 
  what [ read ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/what-could-the-eu-canada-free-trade-deal-tell-us-about-brexit/ ) ( pro remain ) argues that it is n't complete on either services or agriculture which shows that an agreement can be made sector by sector . 
  guess we 'll have to see . 
  may is reacting and if you are reading ceta look for the reservations list for services and agriculture . 
  hundreds of pages of stuff not included in this comprehensive agreement . 
  support and compassion ? 
  that i am yet to see . 
  the eu has no rules against prenotification negotiations . 
  this is a power play . 
  not vindictive , perhaps , but adversarial . 
  the uk 's degree of influence over the rules for exiting are hard to judge . 
  the canada free trade agreement does n't create a customs union , does n't cover all goods so is just one example of how a deal can be done on whatever areas are desired . 
  the eu politicians are playing to their own constituents who have been slow waking up to the fact this is actually happening and are annoyed by it . 
  if the uk ca n't get a deal that avoids a trade war , it will be because of the eu prefers that outcome for the reasons i outlined . 
  we do n't want the same rights . 
  we want the same trade . 
  i 'm not insulted , do n't mischaracterise me ; you wanted a civil discussion , did n't you ? 
  the desire to ensure we pay an economic price to dissuade others from emulating us is * precisely what making an example of us means * . 
  what else would it mean ? 
  the eu is raising spectres of a crash exit ( because of their own timetable and a arbitrary refusal to negotiate in advance of article 50 being invoked ) . 
  this is thoroughly irresponsible given the risk of a trade war and the damage it would do to both . 
  i hope a deal can be struck but unless you are new to this sub you are aware a lot of europeans are hostile to the uk as a result of brexit . 
  that would only make crossing from turkey easier . 
  i did n't vote for it ; i did n't want to leave single market . 
  the idea the eu now has to make leaving the eu to be worse than staying in is put about by both eu citizens and officials , find that shit as utterly disgraceful as you want but it will be hard to have a civil discussion if you throw that about and presume i am being dishonest . 
  the next election is not for years and if it is a referendum on overturning the referendum the tories will win in a landslide or maybe have to share power with ukip . 
  heath faced a protectionist world , a protectionist ec and believed we should get in no matter what the cost then renegotiate our terms ; we did but at the same time new ( misconceived ) terms have been added while trade barriers worldwide dropped . 
  we could have stayed in and given the eu a chance to become a functioning confederacy or get out to let it be a federal union we ally with . 
  that it has so much less support than i 'd consider necessary makes me think our membership is untenable . 
  its decided . 
  agreed , but which is this ? 
  or use [ the major rivers ] ( http://vmg1.info/wp-includes/js/imgareaselect/europe-map-outline-i13.gif ) to define checkpoints without regard for national borders . 
  they do n't write the laws . 
  arrest whoever is piloting the boat , after 3 years return them to libya . 
  the people sent back the same day will quickly find there 's no one willing to take them . 
  it was as clear as it could be . 
  david cameron is much criticised for it but the referendum was driven by the rising popularity of ukip . 
  really what else should happen in democracy when a single issue is so important to voters that it drives a single issue party ? 
  be honest if 50.1 % voted remain you 'd consider it done and dealt with . 
  it remains to be seen what the eu 's position is but they are doing a good job of appearing ready to make an example of us . 
  make europe great again !, 
  nothing about eastern europe or defending itself either !, 
  who 's priority is the eu deploying military force in the middle east and africa ? 
  they 'll get it ; they are france and the uk is gone now . 
  german politicians are more supportive of this than you 'd think . 
  who 's ` we ' in your comment ? 
  and i honestly think the uk would welcome it . 
  i know brexit has caused a lot of ill feeling but , without malice , we have been holding up the creation of a united states of europe because we want to trade but want to retain our sovereignty . 
  now you can build a strong state with a sense of purpose ; threatened by russia , unable to rely on the us . 
  invest in your military industrial complex and there will be benefits in civilian robotics and ai . 
  norway , iceland , switzerland and the uk will support you in defence of liberal democracy . 
  there is a good future ahead of us if we choose it . 
  the author wants to link the us electing an unqualified president to brexit . 
  so of course they do n't want to suggest that europe overtook china because it was decentralised . 
  that would imply the uk leaving after being pressured to adopt schengen , emu and a unified eu army is actually going to work out in the long run . 
  even more it would imply brexit , actually following the outcome of a referendum instead of just holding it again until another answer is given , is in keeping with british traditions of liberal democracy and the eu is the society that is run by an elite disconnected from their own citizens . 
  coal jobs in west virginia mostly went to wyoming . 
  already have largely been lost to automation , much more than to china . 
  please do ; i am curious how you addressed the points i made . 
  i rather think i did that with the subsequent sentences . 
  you were `` calling out '' someone who was correcting the idea may was n't `` properly elected '' and suggested they were splitting hairs . 
  they were n't . 
  people certainly do cast their ballots with a pm in mind but also party and the mp . 
  it is n't a presidential election . 
  you are an american right ? 
  hence you think super majorities are necessary ( because the us uses them ) but we are not american and brindle at the idea that if 59 % of people vote for something the other side has an in built advantage and can say `` sorry you needed 60 % '' . 
  similarly you have a bias towards federalism .
