  when you wish upon a star ... 
  i think you are missing the implication that your favoured ideology is a ruinous mistake . 
  i disagree with the float but who gets worked up about a joke coming from the perspective of another society ? 
  germans make fun of fried breakfasts , they can have their opinions and their jokes just like we have and everybody else does too . 
  only the yanks and the saudis ca n't take jokes . 
  found the hungarian . 
  love you guys . 
  stay funny . 
  it has got to be a conspiracy . 
  no way the rest of the world thinks america is a dumb country with an even dumber president ... again . 
  before the century is even two decades old . 
  you look at these with the only eyes you have and see your own obsessions . 
  he did n't . 
  no , you are being downvoted by people who agree about the inequity of german economic dominance of the eurozone but think you are adding nothing to the discussion . 
  so those saga loving bastards have no excuse ... 
  could n't the heat be recovered to generate more electricity through a smaller additional plant of different design such as a stirling engine ? 
  of course, 
  in all caps ? 
  i think not . 
  we will occupy the streets because they are the last places where rent is affordable . 
  i do n't like this comment . 
  aww , come here you scamp and have an upvote . 
  good luck with your entire country not going to shit . 
  agreed but the president is so mercurial . 
  what if he is n't actually a puppet and his ego gets bruised ? 
  he is no more loyal to bannon than any other underling he 's ever stiffed . 
  he could suddenly shift his policies to being anti russian . 
  there certainly are crimeans who welcome the russian occupation ( i have met some of them ) and there are also those who are terrified of speaking out but wish to return crimea to ukraine . 
  unless russia leaves the chances of a free and fair vote to decide the matter are negligible . 
  were you hoping they did n't read the news ? 
  have to say i agree . 
  i am not sure the argument that mid size nations are bullied into unequal trade deals actually stands up . 
  for the sake of a trade deal put a neo-nazi into power in a nuclear armed state ? 
  it would also likely fail and be noticed causing severe blowback . 
  i am interested in this line of reasoning . 
  got a source for how the us kicks japan around ? 
  opt outs you may have , but there are specific clauses that set out the direction of the eu and denmark has n't opted out of those has it ? 
  if not you just control the pace . 
  the destination is clear . 
  sure , but denmark is officially on board with all of that . 
  well , this is awkward ... 
  the reu 's banking system is fragile . 
  nothing will change in the uk on march 9th and if things are bad after it will be a reduced rate of growth , slight possibility of a panic when it turns out we are brexiting hard . 
  the eu is the place with an immediate risk of panic causing bank collapses . 
  with us out , you could put a proper elected federal government in place . 
  we were under pressure to do it asap , we want the french distracted by presidential negotiations and there are now a number of countries that have set up explorations of trade deals we can make once we are free to do so . 
  in short we are as ready as we 'll ever be and this is the best time we 'll get . 
  i have come around on it . 
  we would be better off as allies to a series of democratic federations than watching europe get eaten while we hold up things for our own sovereignty . 
  better out of a federal europe than in . 
  he 's already made statements of support just as he did with ukip . 
  you already listed unfounded optimistic outcomes . 
  i do n't think it has quite dawned on you what has happened yet . 
  this guy is hostile to a lot of things his predecessors all agreed on . 
  the alliance is under serious threat from mutual dislike . 
  are n't you lot signed up to ` ever closer union ' ? 
  let this and brexit be the impetus for reform . 
  the world could use a properly constructed and governed federation of europe . 
  what if he actively encourages the break up of the eu by lending support to anti-eu parties ? 
  take your upvote and get out . 
  the jews ( and actually white-black distinctions in the us ) show how an identity can be maintained in spite of this phenomenon . 
  compare ashkenazi and sephardi and it is obvious that jews have interbred with local populations and then defined themselves as one tribe , distinct from their neighbours but united across the diaspora . 
  all the converts who left the faith disappear into the local population after a few generations . 
  it suited germans and german jews to pretend they were not one mixed people before ww2 . 
  it makes the holocaust even more obscene to realise how many people died over fantasy distinctions . 
  so too almost all americans who can trace their ancestry back to the early colonists or slaves are mixed , but pale or dark enough to be assigned one group or another . 
  but these societies , perpetuating a myth of racial purity , are rare , far more numerous are the cases of tribes merging in history and old animosities becoming irrelevant . 
  or increase our rate of fucking ... `` welcome to europe ... * touch it * '', 
  you see loads of peaceful citizens running useful businesses . 
  how often do you actually encounter radicals ? 
  what do you think is the main outcome of migration ? 
  peaceful coexistence or the destruction of your way of life ? 
  i do n't know . 
  when matched for socioeconomic levels are there ethnic differences ? 
  rotherham has been seized on by some as somehow proving something about pakistanis but there are a lot of scandals coming to light ; politicians abusing kids , celebrities abusing kids . 
  it is the case that fears of appearing racist was apparently a factor but so was the fact these girls were poor and easily dismissed by a police force that has a pretty poor track record . 
  and then they assert other societies ca n't change just like ours have n't . 
  nah , if the history of my island shows one thing , it is that people like strange and soon you ca n't tell how anyone 's supposed to look . 
  blondes , brunettes and red heads used to be races . 
  just give it time and we 'll all fuck this out . 
  cultural marxist intent on helping the white genocide ? 
  not an actual thing . 
  what 's with the alex salmond pic ? 
  clearly , you are reasonable man in full control of your emotions making only reasonable comments about non-whites , women and those who disagree with you . 
  your tendency to deploy graphic descriptions of homosexual sex acts at the drop of a hat says nothing about your own obsessions . 
  we would do well to heed your advice , as it comes from a first rate mind . 
  do you seriously believe such people exist ? 
  i ca n't say i had the same experience at all . 
  lol, 
  where do you live ? 
  then most migrants do n't . 
  it is the subsequent generations who adopt more local values . 
  honestly , i will not miss europeans telling me that britain is part of a white christian european culture rather than a democratic liberal one like all my muslim friends who were born and raised here seem to think . 
  no , i am serious . 
  muslims are integrating , they do reject these radical jihadi groups . 
  but western nations are becoming full of people who believe they will take over ( arabian peril ? ), 
  and put us in a caliphate . 
  in america they elected trump , in europe , i do n't know , le pen ? 
  the pope is warning against the rising tide of populist nationalism . 
  you do n't see it ?
