what ? 
  austro-hungary kinda did want to fight a war in 1914 , might have been a quiet year if they had n't . 
  if enough people think like you about this , it will be fine . 
  unfortunately the commission seem to want to play to this kind of crowd . 
  but that achieves nothing . 
  got ta love french design ; cool , sleek and modern . 
  just right to glide past those glorious buildings . 
  the eu has done nothing to promote peace ; it has just substituted one set of nationalism for a new one . 
  you are hubristic and hostile . 
  we just want out and a reasonable trade deal . 
  you are deluding yourselves that a trade war with one sixth of your own gdp and 50 % of your own financial centre will not harm the rest of you . 
  if it comes to it , we will be a worse tax haven than the swiss , luxembourg and the irish combined . 
  if fools like you get your way and try to crush us , you 'll find we are nothing if not crafty , adaptable and hostile to bullying foreigners . 
  we do , their readership is elderly . 
  sure would help if the internet had n't made them one of the most visited sites though . 
  leave without a deal , trade on wto terms , watch the effect on the eu of fully 50 % of your financial sector being cut off . 
  your banks will fail , your businesses will experience a credit crunch . 
  we are as important to you as you are to us . 
  the focus on exports has ignored the nature of our interdependencies . 
  the eu ca n't afford this trade war either . 
  farage , a man who has never been elected to parliament , let alone served in government . 
   first joint statement after the referendum it was bollocks then and is bollocks now . 
  article 50 's language is on the uk 's side . 
  the eu seems incapable of recognising its own hubris . 
  even as recently as the brexit debate , europhiles in the uk pretended that a common army and federal government is not on the agenda . 
  brits were encouraged to join a trade block that had always been a plan for ever closer union . 
  brexit fixes the biggest contradiction in the eu . 
  you can secede from a federal or non-federal entity , if they permit it . 
  and by far and away the most popular with women . 
  europe is an emotive and tribal issue . 
  but only for now . 
  it 's not us , it 's eu . 
  straight banana . 
  very hard to do , the eu makes public pronouncements as if they hold all the cards and can dictate terms . 
  you do n't seem to like us very much now we are breaking up with eu . 
  very true . 
  that would make things interesting . 
  he got nothing from merkel and everyone knows it . 
  the uk has been dragged kicking and screaming in a direction few british europhiles wanted and has always been under pressure to go further . 
  the eu failed to mollify its most reluctant member and the first chance since maastricht they had to leave they escaped . 
  but the view that the eu has fucked up here never seems to be suggested . 
  if may suddenly did n't leave she 'd be toast . 
  this is happening . 
  the denial is ridiculous . 
  the uk has long disapproved of repeating referenda until you get the answer you want . 
  the die hard remainers are a minority of a minority . 
  the whole government reorganised around the principle that the people have spoken . 
  there may be a thousand objections and caveats but the policy is that there really is n't a choice now the result is in . 
  the public largely wants them to try and make a success of it . 
  we are leaving . 
  let 's talk trade . 
  i think you 're misinterpreting this . 
  the eu put out this statement as part of `` a deal can be done '' message . 
  previously they were more hard-line . 
  things look up for the uk and you are hoping the eu will be dishonest to extract more from them through deception . 
  you are likely wrong , as well as hostile to a mutually beneficial deal . 
  is that including services ? 
  israel is going that way too . 
  democracy can look weak , liberalism look like defeat . 
  it is the threat of war that ca n't be sustained . 
  a democratic society will give up freedom inch by inch for the hope of strength to end the conflict with victory . 
  nonsense . 
  it would be great if the eu armed with intent of deterring russia . 
  but the most anti-russian eu countries are tiny ex warsaw pact/soviet states or scandinavian nations that are not even in nato . 
  the common eu army idea was resisted by the uk because we do n't trust it to be any good . 
  bit like the common eu currency . 
  tempt it ? 
  we have been * begging * it . 
  i told them i was an atheist , pointed out to every german how creepy it is that they do this and left a few years later . 
  so , yeah . 
  yes , in a sense . 
  they ask for the purposes of levying a tithe . 
  this additional tax is collected and distributed to religious organisations by the state . 
  you can answer ` of no religion ' to be excused . 
  but then you are officially atheist . 
  they will not process your tax card , without which you ca n't be paid unless you give an answer ( i had this happen to me ) . 
  by law the information about background has to be separated and tallied so you know the number of jews in a city or at a company but not who . 
  and you can always refuse . 
  the german tax office asks for your religion and keeps individual records of responses . 
  all of denmark 's jews were evacuated , thousands of fishermen were involved . 
  i do n't think any died . 
  he did not risk his life , he would likely have been arrested and fined . 
  in any case the average rate was a month 's wages . 
  so what ? 
  you are not going to war over this and europeans hate unfairness . 
  it is ridiculous that esta was introduced for us but not you . 
  i am sick of having to give the most unreasonable developed nation special treatment because otherwise they complain . 
  that 's how * we * treat europe , not you . 
  esta can take up to weeks but i have got it in 24hrs every time and it lasts for 2 years . 
  last time i went to the states at short notice , i was pleasantly surprised to find i was still covered . 
  i think us citizens should have to do the same ; it is an evisa and access should be reciprocal . 
  no one would mind . 
  you probably lack the drive or talent . 
  the `` world 's majority of progress '' ( sic ) is not made in america . 
  german politicians are satirised in one of the pictures of this very post . 
  only a fool would think they were n't without checking . 
  i think trump will take the us to war . 
  it has always been acceptable , rebel scum . 
  god save the queen . 
  i call that jamaican fella down the street .
