  this is a sign of spain 's economy is recovering !, 
  it 's supposed to be a good thing !, 
  that more people like this city and come to visit !, 
  instead of thinking about how to better co-exist you drive them out ? 
  bad , bad mistake . 
  partly because brussels terrorist attack had nothing to do with tourists . 
  when the attack is clearly targeting tourists however , even labeling tourists terrorist , it says loud and clear they 're not welcomed here . 
  i have n't witnessed or encountered any grifters while i 'm here . 
  maybe it 's just my perspective but i think scammers are less of a problem these days ( good ) but more severe issues have arised like these anti-tourist sentiments ... it 's going to hurt a lot more than thieves and scammers . 
  i 'm not saying bring the grifters back , why ca n't we have neither :(, 
  exactly !, 
  but is the solution to not have tourism at all ? 
  or have less tourism ? 
  please . 
  the only issue they should be tackling is how to better adapt to more tourists . 
  i 'm in barcelona right now . 
  there are definitely new graffiti though none as passive aggressive as `` tourist go home refugees welcome '' like the one in majorca shown in the article . 
  and pretty much 90 % of service industry workers are in no mood to serve . 
  they all look tired and repelled by tourists . 
  sure , the huge influx of people can bring with it problems , but these phenomena are concerning . 
   arran , the youth wing of the radical pro-independence political party cup ( popular unity candidacy ) , has claimed responsibility for the anti-tourism campaign . 
   laura flores , a spokesman for arran , said that the group 's vandalism is `` a response to the violence we face every day . 
  the street must be allowed to speak ; it 's the only place where we can fight , '' she said , according to the guardian . 
  what the hell is `` response to the violence '' ? 
  the group that actually committed violence is framing it as if it was a response . 
  why , i have n't heard any * tourist * attack . 
  and to say the street is the only place where they can fact seems to suggest there will be more . 
  for a country whose gdp heavily relies on tourism i strongly advise escalating this . 
  as expected , 
  would be interesting to see the nordic countries in recorded minimum wage, 
  it 's beautiful . 
  from this distance it 's like print of some autumn maple leaves . 
  great work !, 
  iceland can not be ignored, 
  that 's a meme, 
  `` i am sushi '' ? 
   german pronunciation : [ \u02c8f\u028ak\u026a\u014b ] , rhymes with `` booking '' lmao, 
  that 's more beautiful than sunshine, 
  really , they are masochistic, 
  japan has always held germany in a favorable light . 
  the flesh gets torn sometimes like many little hands ripping it apart . 
  i hope you did n't put the '' / s '' * after *, 
  so many death-defying acts, 
  i 'm often quite intrigued by this , it conveys personality . 
  lmao that one cracks me up more than harry potter studio tour, 
  indeed a common problem with most rating systems . 
  that 's right . 
  to me it 's not only a matter of distance but also of need and comfort . 
  a lot of folks actually enjoy driving around ( both in the us and in europe ) , and they might be better off in the us , hopping the national parks from one state to the next . 
  but to me the part on the road is simply not part of the fun . 
  unless i can free my mind completely , i ca n't enjoy the scenery . 
  it 's definitely a personal choice but from my own circle i know more americans who like to drive than europeans . 
  tahoe is beautiful . 
  so tranquil . 
  a number of things . 
  it depends . 
  washington is literally in the 3rd sentence . 
  i went to school in boston . 
  i still see it as an academia town . 
  some great companies in waltham and somerville . 
  i 'm not discounting the east coast entirely , just saying based on experience the tech scene on west coast is more prominent . 
  also i specifically did not limit to sv . 
  it 's literally the second sentence . 
  and salt lake city , i know . 
  but they 're not front runners still . 
  some of them will be . 
  got ta throw in my 2 cents for whoever interested in the tech scene in us , it 's mainly on the west coast , but not limited to silicon valley . 
  washington has been a huge tech hub for years ( microsoft , amazon et al ) and oregon is growing fast . 
  for those who are interested in the startup culture esp in silicon valley , watch the show called `` silicon valley '' . 
  it 's comedy and you ca n't take it too seriously but the first 2 seasons are pretty on point . 
  wages-wise i think norcal offers are still unbeatable , but factor in the high cost of living , i do n't think lifestyle there is generally more desirable to france , uk or germany . 
  and speaking of lifestyle , though it 's subjective , this is my take . 
  unless you are are a stereotypical nerd who lives for san diego comic con , superhero blockbusters or stuff like that , big west coast cities are not your best bet . 
  there are some great outdoor stuff , but not as accessible and diverse as in europe . 
  i happen to find pop culture boring and i ca n't stand hyperactive/hyper positive attitudes , so i would stick to where i am and appreciate our history and cultures . 
  as for regulations , have you glanced at front page lately ? 
  i believe we need to cultivate talent on our own soil rather than always looking outward . 
  i 've crossed them off my list ever since i heard there is a mcd across from the pyramids . 
  i know people who want to `` tour '' the war zones . 
  it 's a big world and we 're all in it, 
  hahahahah i have no word, 
  yeah it looks like crepe !, 
  but with minced meat . . 
  i have to try it some time . 
  ah thanks , i was wondering if it had something inside , 
  will someone explain the plate in her left hand ? 
  ah thanks , i 'll look for that !, 
  the departure of financiers and global headquarters wo n't end london ... 
  i 'm hoping it 'll seize the opportunity to become something new , or something nicely reminiscent , maybe a cradle of innovation and the arts . 
  best wishes . 
  i have accepted it but i still cant ' get over how stupid brexit is . 
  ironically we just watch the disaster unfold in real time , in slow motion , all the while knowing it could 've been ... still prolly can be stopped . 
  china is never going to * replace * the us . 
  they 're not a historical ally and we ca n't treat them so . 
  we 're going to have to find out how to work together , possibly compromise , as we move forward . 
  it 's ice cream !, 
  i 'd say it 's even easier than jamon . 
  you do n't have to feed the pigs acorn , do n't have to cure them . 
  there is so little time and technology involved . 
  and spain is such a hot country - i just do n't get why this is n't as big as say olive oil .
