true that . 
  fucking farage handing him the mantle, 
  yeah , every egghead should know wind travels globally and takes stuff with them ( heat/pollutant/misc particles ) . 
  country with the biggest output for co2 and the like forgoing those policies is beyond ignorance . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  i 'm sorry to hear about your dad . 
  now you really have to excuse me for asking still ... does this mean your parents did n't own the house you grew up in ? 
  they rented it all that time ? 
  is it common in denmark ? 
  and thank you . 
  you are a straight shooter . 
   bought the house i grew up in i must be so dense . 
  the house you grew up in , as in your parents ' house ... ? 
  you bought your parents ' house ... ? 
  the richest part of spain is basque , right ? 
  this needs more attention ... 
  yay, 
  napa wines are okay, 
  again ? 
  octavian love < 3, 
  i. . . think ... they 're talking about a `` waifu '' . 
  which is different from wafers . 
  saw this in the mornin & had no idea it would blow up . 
  still a pretty bad & inaccurate map imho, 
   one of the most populous countries in the world also suddenly gained a middle class which has money to travel . 
  why not just say china ? 
  do you have a problem with them ? 
  * i ca n't believe it 's not cheese !, 
  but the russian portions ... 
  i only now realize that they prolly rival the us sizes . 
  lol, 
  why ? 
  maybe they 're just not generating enough buzz . 
  and keep in mind just bc a lot of people live here does n't mean they 're in the workforce even . 
  the most i see ( other than tourists ) are , guess what , old people . 
  there a loooooot of old people . 
  i do n't have time to pull the numbers ( it 's 4am ) but i feel like if you were here you 'd see . 
  yeah i would n't compare it with denmark etc. 
  in terms of percentage of the tech sector contributing to the economy . 
  eg belgium is a much smaller economy yet their startup scene is so impressive . 
  it 's good that the startup scene here is on the rise , but it really in all honesty is not yet remarkable . 
  best wishes , but speaking from mutual experience in the valley i think you would agree . 
  rent ... had no idea it 's gotten worse this much . 
  i was going to say that 's not too bad until i saw 1bed . . jeez . 
  you better raid the shit out of the snack bar man . 
  well i 'm back and forth between spain and france now but mainly doing stuff between france and uk . 
  and yes brexit is prolly going to fuck me up . 
  pm if you wan na chat since it 's no longer relevant to the thread , 
  there really are n't that many industries in barcelona . 
  catalunya maybe , but as far as the city goes , tourism is the major pillar for the economy . 
  it does involve many sectors you might have not taken into account . 
  how are you enjoying that bay area rent btw ? 
  i bailed 2 years ago lol, 
  i read both of your replies and i know where you 're coming from . 
  i guess it 's tough bc unlike paris , london or berlin , tourism is the # 1 booming industry in barcelona . 
  the city has relied heavily on this in the past , so a transition ( if it 's ever going to happen ) is difficult . 
  i guess it would be more fair to compare it with reykjavik ? 
  tourism has also taken a toll on that town but its economy has also benefited from it . 
  i hope the startup scene takes off . 
  i work in tech myself but i did n't consider tourism-related problems to be a factor that drove the talents away . 
  still what i 'm trying to say is i appreciate your concern , the woes of mass tourism . 
  i just ca n't believe simply kicking them out ( or even insinuating that ) is the way to go . 
  maybe they 're overwhelmed , but yeah , definitely not the best practices . 
  @ corte ingles around plaza catalunya i saw salespeople rolling their eyes at customers , walking off when they have n't finished their questions and stop them asking questions altogether with hand gesture etc. 
  that place is always packed but this really is a bit too much . 
  oui , je comprends . 
  i wish there is no more terror on our continent . 
  i like the people of catalonia and i would n't want to see their reputation tarnished either . 
  i explained elsewhere that this is n't an attack , that gentrification is a sign of economic growth . 
  but just to clarify . 
  you were saying 3m \u00b2 ? 
  or 303m \u00b2 500 $ seems about right for a 30m \u00b2 , ugly and crappy , and not even in the center of paris . 
  it takes one , just one crazy to ruin it . 
  if they let the violence escalate soon it wo n't just be tires the separatists stab . 
  no , that 's a faulty deduction . 
  read it again . 
  does it have to take a death toll for the city to see the separatists are out of control ? 
  do you not know the difference between a single corporation and the commonwealth ? 
  great , you see the point . 
  the mayor and cup do n't actually work toward the same end . 
  in fact the city should be working to eliminate these acts against tourists and keep the separatists in check . 
  i ca n't comment on whether changing the tax every so often will improve anything , my instinct is it wo n't , but it 's not our job here to find a solution . 
  people just need to realize that the tourists are not to be blamed , it 's the people with nefarious agenda in their pocket . 
   the ` recovery ' is not happening for everyone equally that has nothing to do with tourists , the topic of this thread, 
  well said !, 
  why do you think they have these schemes lol if it 's charity the beneficiares are the receiving countries . 
  how are you equating the development in africa with asia lmfao, 
  make them eat cake . 
  it 's not `` i want '' , it is what it is . 
  there is a net increase in the city 's income , it 's that simple . 
  as it happens , gentrification is also a sign of economic growth lol, 
  is this part of a collection ? 
  i love it, 
  then they have clearly picked the wrong target . 
  the people who priced them out of their homes are n't the tourists , they are simply catering the tourists ' need . 
  defacing the city , vandalism will ruin the city and sending such message will only hurt people who come here because they appreciate it . 
  not to mention gentrification is not a form of violence , in nowhere it is called a form of violence . 
  look at what happened to brooklyn . 
  years ago there was a guy called `` die hipster '' that did nothing but cussing and fantasizing about beating up hipsters who gentrified those neighborhood . 
  things did n't work out for him .
