  good point , that 's taboo research , nobody will pay for it . 
  oh , the joys of evidence-based society . 
  to be fair , the baseline to compare in these studies should be `` negative opinions of white/natives '' . 
  i suspect the negativity is bidirectional . 
  it 's kind of odd , because there are not many jews in greece and they generally live in peace . 
  we have a muslim minority , but not many incidents there either . 
  roma are indeed segregated , both because of their way of life and because of prejudice ( but they live among us for so many centuries , that they have become part of our culture ) . 
  my guess is that `` jews '' here refers to israel 's aggression and `` muslims '' to our chronic enmity of turks . 
  that said , greece is a very homogeneous country , i guess we have negative views vs all ethnicities in the world . 
  / r/conspiracy has like 400k members , and i think many of them ( like me ) are in it for the occasional gag, 
  the second sentence of the article claims this is controversial . 
  why ? 
  how is it surprising that religious people tend to believe in conspiracies . 
  i mean , they believe in god for god 's sake !, 
  my mental image is a military tank instead of a water tank . 
  aww . 
  i came here to say the exact same thing . 
  if markets do n't work why wo n't people hate them . 
  so what is the difference between religious belief and political belief , or musical belief for that matter ? 
  they all fall under freedom of expression . 
  lots of people have been discriminated for their political or sexual beliefs . 
  call me rupert, 
  this article has some good points . 
  basically the euro allows germany to run surpluses but does not allow other countries to balance by running deficits . 
   they finally run a balanced budget tbh the economy of greece is seriously depressed , the surpluses you see are due to lethal levels of taxation . 
  the current govt . 
  has opted to tax to death instead of cutting down on public expenditures . 
  so i 'm not even sure if surplus means anything , maybe it 's [ goodhart 's law at work ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goodhart's_law ) . 
  what about helicopter money ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'll do it, 
  yup !, 
  if ecb was on-target of 2 % inflation that would be 14 % inflation by now . 
  but alas !, 
  thx for giving a sane outlook . 
  we can leave the eurozone , but why the hell would we leave the eu ? 
  greece would be little more than a 2nd turkey if we had not been part of it . 
  and its a little disingenuous to say they do n't support refugees - they do pay a large part about them . 
  i 'm all for germany-bashing because they truly do n't know how to lead a monetary union , but given the horrendous state of our local politics , eu-skepticism is stupid . 
  but eurozone is, 
  if there was a way , i do n't think we would be in !, 
  true , but hey , article 50 did n't exist before 2009 either, 
  that may not be a lie . 
  the ez brought some stimulus to greece , but in a non-sustainable way ; it ended up funding consumption only . 
  but i do n't see how it wo n't inevitably lead to other countries heading the same way too . 
  and on the other hand , when germany was building the euro and itself as an export nation , it knew that there was a danger of having to bail out others . 
  there is always the option of maintaining a national currency pegged to the euro . 
  it 's more flexible than the ez , but of course you do n't benefit from germany 's excellent credit rating . 
  my point is it takes two to tango , and it ca n't be a constant tension between germany vs the southerners in the ez . 
  definitely the second , after all it 's money they wanted . 
  i think this is their training . 
  thanks , this is actually well put . 
  as a business owner , i can tell you how dishearening it is when you open up a business only to find out that all your profits will have to go to the taxman , and you end up with extra debt if you have to pay your insurance too . 
  it 's absolute madness , and frankly any sane businessman will try to take at least part of his business in neighbouring countries that offer 12 % tax . 
  greece should aim for honest tax rate of 15 % , that 's the biggest `` structural reform '' it needs . 
  no matter how much you cut out bureaucracy , nobody will come do business here . 
  under these circumstances , the debt relief will be irrelevant for local businesses . 
  greece had 2digit interest rates in the 90s [ 1 ] . 
  its not an entirely foreign concept to us . 
  and yes i agree it will be a mess , but since the eurozone does n't plan on becoming one economy ( which would inevitably mean it would become a transfer union ) , it 's not clear what 's the point of the euro for a country like greece . 
  honestly sometimes i think it only exists so that rich people and property owners do not see their fortune devalued . 
  maybe it was a big experiment that did n't really work and should be dissolved carefully . 
  1 . http://larrywillmore.net/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/bbcfigure.jpg it 's a huge risk , and `` good luck '' indeed , but the more greece stays in austerity , the less possible it seems to get out of it . 
  i 've always been suspicious of `` religious freedom '' clauses in our constitutions . 
  people in the enlightenment era already knew the corrossive power of religion , but it was too powerful to ignore . 
  religion should be free but limited and private . 
  secularism and deep religiosity do n't mix . 
  some people are looking to create violent swings so they can speculatively gain . 
  sometimes it works , but this time the swing was minor . 
  they can leave the eurozone . 
  or dissolve it, 
  the euro is not cheap and greece is not gon na become germany 's cheap labour source , even outside the euro - we just do n't have the demographics, 
  you re gon na be sitting for a long-ass time, 
  his point is that the debt payments are covered by the bailout programmes , and therefore debt payments do not affect internal policy . 
  ... and it 's back now, 
   is probably the biggest economic basket case in the west , its gdp per capta is like 1 % higher while true , italy 's gdp is not small . 
  why are they a basket case ? 
  so how much of it is a vote against renzi / eu / something else rather than a no vote on the actual constitutional changes ? 
  yeah ok , but i mean why would people be happy ? 
  it seems like the particulars of the constitution wo n't change , but how big a deal is that ? 
  was the referendum polarizing ? 
  whatever was wrong with britain leaving it . 
  so , just because they had no growth in the euro , why are they a basket case ? 
  r we sure the markets have n't priced that in ? 
  what does this mean ? 
  what was the political aspect ? 
  afaik it was culturally acceptable, 
  i wonder , is it possible to strike down isis without it spreading to the periphery of the middle east ? 
  if trump gives him a post , it 's going to be hilarious watching 2 enormous egomaniacs going at each other . 
  grabbing my popcorn . 
  any ukip supporters here ? 
  is n't it a huge betrayal to leave his country at the time when his wisdom about post-brexit britain is most needed ? 
  they were lovers and hadrian was so devastated after he died that he deified him , built a city for him , and created a cult for him . 
  that 's gay marriage on steroids , 2000 years ago . 
  can u point to those other exercises ? 
  this is reported by almost all media in greece , how is it clickbait ? 
  google translation with some corrections : a scenery of tension arises in the aegean as in the following seven days the armed forces of greece and turkey have planned military exercises which will be performed in nearby locations in the southeastern aegean sea . 
  today saturday , turkey has reserved areas in kastelorizo ( a greek island ) for naval exercises with live ammunition , which involves submarines . 
  according to the directive navtex 785/16 a turkish warship will conduct an exercise with submersible device . 
  with the new naval directive issued on friday , the turks not only reserved kastelorizo for submarine exercises from three to five at dawn on saturday , but warned that any ships that want to reach the island , you should inform the * turkish * authorities . 
  on tuesday december 6th , the turkish navy has planned exercises with live ammunition in international waters , but just 15 miles from kastelorizo .
