  reddit is already wrecked , personally i dont care to defend it and i wish the network of people would move to another , open/distributed alternative ( which doesnt exist yet ) . 
  as for the proposed legislation : # 1 is a mandatory content id system that will detect when you try to upload a copyrighted movie/music ( on facebook for example ) # 2 is a tax on the `` snippets '' that google or facebook show , not on the link itself . 
  both ideas are pretty unworkable anyway , but if we accept that copyright exists , they make sense . 
  i really would n't mind if google or fb actually paid some pennies for the tons of content that people give them for free . 
  i am an atheist but i wo n't say no to your christmas gifts . 
  thank you , merry christmas, 
  it 's one of those ridiculous news titles . 
  they 're just trying to shake the markets so maybe they can make a quick buck . 
  yes , only tsipras and kim jong un are left ... 
  back ? 
  wow more jobs for greeks ... in russia, 
  i do n't understand why the stakes are so high in that referendum . 
  why is it such a big deal if it does n't pass ? 
  - it 's not like italy has n't seen much worse political instability than it has today . 
  why does renzi have to call for elections after that ? 
  why did he put himself on course to become a second cameron ? 
  the video does n't give an answer to the question . 
  here is the thing : this : [ 1 ] is what is causing trumpism , it 's an anti-establishment movement , not a sudden spike of racism and christian fundamentalism . 
  have the french really become racists and started going to church in the past years ? 
  have we seen massive explosions of hate towars immigrants ? 
  do the french suddenly want to leave the eu ? 
  lepen might win , but not because everyone loves to be a racists , she will win as a ` fuck you ' to established political/economic order . 
  that gives her a mandate to govern , but it is not an endorsement of her racism . 
  so , even if she wins , we wo n't see a massive war to retake europe . 
  1 . www.oxfamblogs.org/fp2p/wp-content/uploads/milanovic-fig-11.png 2 . whatukthinks.org/eu/eu-questions/if-there-was-a-referendum-on-frances-membership-of-the-eu-how-would-you-vote/ ps . 
  can we do something about the apparently endless ban list of this subreddit ? 
  how can we have a proper discussion if we ca n't back up our arguments with links to sources ? 
  you are not being silly , but that news did not come from those fake news sites pushing russian propaganda, 
  but that list is incomplete . 
  zerohedge is banned but not in the list, 
  i d like to see a list of the sites banned in / r/europe . 
  maybe the list should be readily available , for transparency, 
  i 'm pretty sure every day he clicks the `` random article '' in wikipedia and then goes to make a random inflamatory statement about it . 
  oh great let 's import the panic of the democrats to europe . 
  question , when was the last time some fake news caused some tangible effect in europe ? 
  in my country , very recenty , a journalist of the state athens news agency almost caused a major diplomatic rift when he mistranslated a speech by erdogan . 
  that was some dangerous fake news right there . 
  of course we should question everything , and we do n't even need the eu to tell us what to question . 
  the rest of the press is not a monopoly . 
  facebook and twitter are social media monopolies . 
  we should not see them as analogous to newspapers , but t analogous to printing presses or telcos . 
  they are infrastructure companies, 
  agree about schools , no religious symbols should be allowed in schools at all . 
  the rest is just stupid , will have no effect . 
  unlike cnn , which is owned by the * other * fascists , 
   wrong . 
  it 's facebook 's . 
  people need to read t&c 's . 
  actually facebook 's terms say this : `` you own all of the content and information you post on facebook , and you can control how it is shared through your privacy and application settings '' . 
  ( it 's not allowed to link to fb 's terms but you can check it ) . 
  and in any case , t&c s can always be superseded by state regulation . 
   they wo n't get regulated unless governments decide to build whole networks where the government controls what traffic goes in and out . 
  it remains to be seen . 
  i think this matter will inevitably surface . 
  the question is if the right time is now . 
  its very grey area . 
  its citizen 's data ultimately , and not facebook 's . 
  the company has merely loaned this data from its users and is enjoying its monopoly as first movers . 
  however , if social networking is considered as a public good , it will ultimately be regulated for the benefit of society , just like the electric grid . 
  as you said , other companies did try to enter the space and failed because facebook was feature-full , and grew so fast that it locked its dominance on the social graph forever . 
  because of the nature of the internet , a single company was able to do that . 
  in analogy , the first electric grids could not grow so fast , so it did not end up being a single-player monopoly . 
  in the end though , regulation did come over to ensure interoperability . 
  you can only use that phrase for so long though . 
  at this point the european banking system is insulated from a greek crisis . 
  it 's largely because , so far , the new media monopolies were on their side . 
  you have ceos all over the sv openly supporting the obama administration and admitting openly their media is biased . 
  not sure the trump administration will allow that . 
  would you like the german state to ban bild ? 
   burden of vat was one of the biggest barriers why do they use the past tense ? 
  it still is, 
  and this is coming from a usually rather-soft-spoken guy . 
  in reality though he does n't have any other option , it 's going to be bailout after bailout until worldwide growth resumes . 
  we should be pushing for ` social media neutrality ' laws , i.e. 
  to legislate that facebook or twitter ( or google ) have to be transparent about how they manipulate user 's feeds . 
  there is a very large percentage of people getting their news from them , and fooling around with users to push their agenda is just disgusting and a threat to democracy . 
  they 're a medium like the rest of the press , they should be neutral , or be forced to open up their data so other companies can jump in the space . 
  they are not startups anymore . 
   in the novel , city authorities deny the existence of the plague -- and , in so doing , create the conditions for its spread . 
  i think he 's referring to the centre-left elites , which are shrinking worldwide and , by not adapting or reinventing itself , it is willfully resigning to die, 
  ` you mean ` obligations ' ? 
   a relatively unsuccessful centre-left government , you re being very generous to `` monsieur 4 % approval '', 
  early poll says hes well ahead of lepen : https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/33341396/fillon-would-beat-le-pen-in-election-poll/#page1 polls are drunk in 2016 , but still, 
  that 's not true , i believe our marriage was not for nothing . 
  but you ca n't say that when greece has a radical left leader !, 
  the culture police strikes again . 
  haha . 
  that article by wapo is dangerous bullshit : https://theintercept.com/2016/11/26/washington-post-disgracefully-promotes-a-mccarthyite-blacklist-from-a-new-hidden-and-very-shady-group/ http://fortune.com/2016/11/25/russian-fake-news/, 
  well you 're not wrong . 
  schizophrenia is one of the diseases plaguing us . 
  without any hint of strong leadership in europe , we either say no to everyone or yes to everyone . 
  glad that he mentions jordan or lebanon , countries that house entire cities of refugees . 
  so the news about fake news are fake . 
  the overlords who are orchestrating this american liberal hamster race have a very dark and sadistic sense of humor . 
  nothing wrong with contrarians . 
  if you have neonazi friends , that 's your problem . 
  your links show that the jobs you suggest have already been exported . 
  plus the plan should not be to dump people in containers forever . 
  it 's the msm led that culture . 
  social media is just an echo chamber for the msm .
