  in fact if we can have more 2-parent families , all the better , so it 's a slight positive to society . 
  i m not so sure http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36471989 http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/, 
  judging from greece and brexit so far , they do n't do nothing much , becuase they have no realistic plan , just unreasonable , magical solutions . 
  look at greece : complete reversal because without loans nothing can work . 
  brexit : even farage left the country because he has no idea how to do it . 
  this will keep the bad hombres outside, 
  she is also a nationalist , anti-euro , anti eu , she talks about corporation tax etc. 
  i mean in general . 
  they seem more nimble and sensitive to the sentiment of voters . 
  the rest of the political system is moving glacially like a behemoth, 
  it 's a terrible state of politics in europe when only people like these are in touch with the voter base, 
  if we accept that the greek debt is illegal then also the legality of greece 's participation in ez , eu and imf is brought into question . 
  unfortunately , there are no magic solutions to the greek debt problem . 
  you would think so , but its actually used for anything but greek : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/altgr_key, 
  if i press alt-right , my screen rotates, 
  thats not whataboutism , i m not deflecting any criticism to gay marriage . 
  and back to our point . 
  why is it so complicated ? 
  the situation is not much different than anyone who has multiple marriages and thus multiple contracts and inheritance to split . 
  it 's sad that all social experimentation stopped in the 70s . 
  how is it whataboutism ? 
  i m not against gay marriage , it 's just practically a done deal in europe, 
  good question . 
  the first would lead to huge fights over inheritance . 
  i 'm only half-joking, 
   and an extremely generous pension system that costs the budget nearly 11 percent of gdp annually suffice to say , the government decided that this was n't enough , and they chose to spend this year 's surplus as bonus to pensioners instead of the unemployed . 
  saudis are sexist . 
  i want my polyamory rights, 
  not this again, 
  ksa is a family state , i would n't think `` religious organizations '' are any different than the ` state ' . 
  i ca n't read the article because it 's in german and behind paywall . 
  so when do i get my polygamy laws ? 
  i will upvote anything by mark blyth , but what did he say about the 2008 crisis ? 
  even if you accept that euro created none of the problems , it also cant fix any of them , while a floating lira could, 
  to my experience they are not obsessed with race per se . 
  they obsess over blacks and , lately , latinos but not with other races or the concept of race . 
  they also take pride in their cultural heritage , e.g. 
  they 'll proudly hold their greek heritage , but when they come here to see the actual situation on the ground , they 'd rather remain american . 
  also americans tend to be loud but harmless . 
  i m not talking about physical resources at all , but about human capital , education and cultural resources . 
  things that for example have helped turkey or jordan or lebanon become more westwards-looking countries . 
   you simply have a complete misunderstanding of the institutions that shape cultures and societies . 
  maybe you could help me understand, 
   america has never been an immigration friendly country to anyone sure but they did n't drive any of them out . 
  i do n't think that 's just coincidence . 
  it 's because nationalities match race in most of europe . 
  blame history . 
  i do n't see that changing tbh. , the names are too loaded with history . 
  we have an unhealthy obsession with race in europe . 
  when i ask american friends about their ethnic background , they 're kind of surprised that i care . 
  we need to fix that attitude first . 
  perhaps one day it will become acceptable and common enough to say `` i 'm from the eu '' and the name eu is not tied to a specific race . 
  lol are u serious ? 
  thats actually a good idea , but maybe with a different format, 
   genius in our society is sad . 
  glad i but but ... someone has to conquer hair loss and prolong erections !, 
  replacement means the immigrants kids killed the native 's kids and took their place, 
  if it 's trolling its too subtle, 
   functioning societies have had various methods of choosing who gets to be part ` functioning ' is not adequate . 
  hunter gatherer tribes may have been functional but that 's not today 's standards . 
  also , these officials are usually appointed ultimately by the will of the people . 
  what are those various methods you refer to ? 
   if people born in morocco worked to change if they could do that on their own resources , then morocco would be like netherlands . 
  obviously some intervention / help is needed , but it 's not impossible . 
   certain cultures should be allowed into / to remain in our countries agree that certain cultures need some work to adapt to european standards , but that takes work . 
  given however that there is an oversupply of immigrants at the moment , people feel that they can be racist instead of making an effort . 
  hence the racism . 
  i say you just go ahead and troll them with si units . 
  after all they are all closeted metrico-philes, 
  so your environment formed you ... how , if not by persuading you ? 
  were you tortured into believing in your ideology of choice ? 
  people may not outright admit they are wrong , but you can use e.g. 
  the [ socratic method ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socratic_method ), 
   without migration from north africa and the middle east . 
  where do you want immigration from ? 
  because whole of europe has major demographic imbalances and , even if you stop all immigration today in a short number of years we 'll be searching to import immigrants . 
  there is no way to avoid some kind of immigration . 
  it really isnt . 
  interesting , then the hypothetical scenarios are major disasters . 
  they might renounce their moroccan citizenship en masse which would lead him to something more authoritarian . 
  he might have to deport all of them because otherwise either side would revolt . 
  it might open nl to terrorist retaliation . 
  that is absolutely false , why so pessimistic ? 
  disclaimer : i do n't know the next thing about nl politics . 
  i do n't think that anyone can disagree that `` we will work so that there are fewer moroccans in nl '' is a racist statement of the worst kind . 
  there are a few ways to do that legally , none of which are compatible with the declaration of human rights , and the illegal ones are basically `` killing them '' . 
  in his `` post-conviction '' youtube apology , he did not make any clarifications ( like , if he was talking about illegal immigrants or criminals only ) . 
  also it doesnt even make sense : how will he deport nl citizens of moroccan descent if they 're not moroccan citizens ? 
  what if morocco does not accept the deported ? 
  finally , why is his apology in english ( trying to threaten immigrants directly maybe ) ? 
  conclusion : the guy is a `` real '' , bona fide racist , not the `` extended definition '' racist that is sometimes tossed so easily . 
  if i had to rank their racism , trump < lepen < wilders ( is this accurate ? ), 
  now , should he be banned from running or not be argued with ? 
  that would imply that you believe more than half the dutch are suddely bona fide racists . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  do you have daily incidents like stabbings of immigrants ? 
  while there might be hate incidents , it 's nowhere near a level of becoming alarming . 
  populists are using racist slogans to win the anti-establishment vote , not the racist vote . 
  banning him from the race will only increase his antiestablishment appeal . 
  they do ; you used to read a lot about greece when it was systemic risk,
