  the single market will leave great britain, 
   spanish inquisition nobody expects them , but they are now part of the eu , no ? 
  im not even sure it exists even . 
  i mean some european states have bigger alliances with faraway countries than their neighbors . 
  at least we know there is only one source of concentrated evil in the world : vlad putin . 
  if we take him out , everything will be rosy again . 
  well the prospect of eu accession has historically been helping turkey to keep a westwards-looking outlook . 
  but despotic populist leaders like putin and erdogan changed that . 
  is there any hope in `` if we can not fight them , let 's assimilate them '' ? 
  is there any chance they will change their view if they are given a path to cooperation with the eu / or even possibly accession ? 
  for economic reasons i guess . 
  i must say as a southerner , it 's not clear to me why russia is so much hated here . 
  in fact , i would like to see a path that includes russia in the eu , russia is part of the european civilization . 
  is it because of putinism , or are the northern people still holding to older enmities ? 
  do you mean the nationalisms of the continent , or the `` continent-chauvinism '' i.e. 
  continentalism ? 
  even then he will claim he is an [ `` erratic '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/2015/feb/18/yanis-varoufakis-how-i-became-an-erratic-marxist ) libertarian marxist . 
  he 's too individualist to join any current in economics . 
  i do n't dismiss the guy completely , but in terms of economic thinking he 's all over the place . 
  see , guesswork is not a good way to think . 
  i 'm not american . 
  guesswork is what wapo has done repeatedly lately . 
  the intercept has covered a few of their embarrassing mistakes if you 're u re interested, 
  you might want to try / r/eurodebate, 
  he is mildly interesting at times ; but i do n't get what impressed you in his resume . 
  he has also done some embarassing things imho , like dismissing piketty , and he says he 's a `` libertarian marxist '' . 
  he might become a smart guy if he ever grows up . 
  the job of a professional economist is to parade in screens trying to say every conceivable thing , just in the case one of them turns out to become true . 
  the parts where he talks about the crisis are self-aggrandizing empty talk . 
  the guy at times has some interesting , but mostly second-hand insights . 
  he 's was never the first one to say that eu has a political legitimacy problem . 
  i am glad for him that he 's no longer minister though , he clearly has no clue about how to run anything , he 's better in the back benches as a pundit for late night tv . 
  so , the european union of america ? 
  i mean , us and eu are a few steps from a common market , and unification . 
  it 's not like `` american overlord '' is something novel . 
  and we 're supposed to trust wapo 's opinion ? 
  it 's actually true . 
  people do n't wave flags unless they want to do it on purpose , i.e. 
  be perceived as more patriotic . 
  most of europe is like that . 
  only usa and turkey have such fondness of flags . 
  i do not understand why everyone is so fond of building on their land a potential future environmental hazard of a factory that will probably in the future be entirely robot-operated . 
  i mean seriously , that 's what europeans consider innovation ? 
  batteries ? 
  it 's also entirely insulting , an entire region pandering to a capitalist for his scraps . 
  if that list is supposed to show that continental europe is fond of nato , i think it shows the opposite . 
  i wish they did that, 
   unstatesman what does that mean ? 
  someone who knows better than his audience ? 
   i debunked it . 
  ok if it suits you you can stay in your universe  indeed enlightenment is the ideological antithesis of the dominance of some privileged individuals against the rest . 
  accept it . 
  feel free to go back to the dark ages, 
   please be honest and acknowledge this . 
  yes i am clear . 
  i think respecting the body of anyone above religion is progress . 
  it 's a western ( do n't see how it 's particularly christian ) idea that i fully support even thought some religions contradict it . 
  for the sake of progress we have to make some choices . 
  either those religions will have to reform , or i say fuck those religions . 
  i think in the name of cultural relativism , people forgot that the enlightenment was primarily ideological antithesis to the dominance of monarchy and religion . 
  explain to me why freedom of the parents ' religion must take precedence to freedom from mutilation . 
  in other words , no deal , just a participation trophy . 
  it is smart of greek-cypriots to avoid a deal at this point , however , and also make erdogan take the blame . 
  mate i dont think i can trust your reasoning hence your qualification . 
  i base that on : 1 . 
  there are 29000 doctor signatures claiming its harmful 2 . 
  i m mot a christian 3 . 
  i said nothing of piercings ( and if it matters i would not do either to children ) 4 . 
  whats fishy here is the dominant culture tries to assimilate more backwards , anachronistic cultures . 
  respecting the rights of babies is progress . 
  i m all for it, 
  you did not . 
  and the topic is about the circumcision of healthy boys . 
  if doctors knew you had a reason to be circumcised , there would be no objection . 
  killer cookies, 
  wtf ? 
  ca n't blame the guy/gal, 
  actually this cant come soon enough . 
  why wait until may 2018 to end this stupidity ? 
   i want everyone to react to male circumcision as they react to female you wo n't see outrage because its one weird thing that most americans do . 
  if they did n't , #foreskinsmatter would be in the news, 
   there are some benefits to the practice of circumcision with all due respect , the doctors here overwhelmingly declare there are n't . 
  given the healthcare standards of the western world , it 's mostly a cultural thing . 
  and , yes it has to do with how you define cultural limits in an increasingly multicultural world . 
  baptisms are not really the same thing - there 's nothing irreversible about it . 
  it 's about the bodily modification taking place . 
  i think you 're trying to belittle the subject by talking about echo chambers and moral superiority instead of an actual argument . 
  it is * you * who is snarkily claiming moral superiority . 
  that 's my disagreement with americans who do n't even have a religious reason to do it . 
  it 's just cultish, 
  that 's not true . 
  look at this topic : only the zealots of circumcision ( americans ) have responded defending cut . 
  you do care , and you do support it i think . 
  most yuropeans with our uncut dicks do n't even know what a cut dick is so naturally not many will respond here . 
  to be clear , you would be unable to stop your sons from being circumcised ? 
  maybe we can have predictive medicine to predict whether the baby will need circumcision one day . 
  your case is not justification why people should keep up an old sorcerer 's trick . 
   i do n't feel `` robbed '' how could anyone feel robbed of something they can never remember having ? 
   hardly religious you may be ` hardly religious ' , but if you agree to an absolutely unnecessary deformation of the sex organ of your son `` just because they do it '' , then you must be a herd sheep or something . 
  so , imho , you 're not much different from being religious .
