  that does not depend on fixing `` internal '' matters . 
  the first is definitely a move to please lord trump with some of their spare change . 
  agree about the second and there is no doubt apple does have alternatives ( they can swing entire countries with their cash ) . 
   greater fiscal policy harmonisation start with a banking union, 
   the big countries wo n't be able to run their welfare state if companies stop paying taxes by using bespoke deals with ireland , luxembourg et al. 
  then hit the problem in its root , and go after the companies themselves . 
  also , a huge welfare state is not necessarily a sustainable situation under globalization . 
  and they were rightly fined , but that 's not what macron is talking abou about . 
  i agree with that , but macron was not referring to this , thats why i think it was just a charm offensive to some audience . 
  i 'm clueless on these things . 
  we all know that this is an international problem : trade wants to be global , but national boundaries still exist . 
  the symbiosis is problematic . 
  what military benefits has cyprus gained from being in the eu ? 
  i 'm sorry but eu is not a military insurance for cyprus . 
  i do n't know if you re right or wrong . 
  but count russia as part of the situation , too . 
  uk army & army base , greek army , israel . 
  not to mention northern cyprus interests ! = turkey interests . 
  plus it 's not like eu did much to solve the cyprus issue ... 
  i agree that many businesses are unsustainable in the long run , but until greece pivots on a new `` business model '' those businesses do n't have to close . 
  i m thinking for example small tourism establishments and other non-knowledge-intensive work . 
  even america has its internal `` low tax states '' ( washington ) . 
  the problem is not so much the 12 % tax , it 's the 0 % tax , avoided through real tax havens , which is intermediated by things like the dutch sandwich . 
  that 's an international problem where eu could make a dent as a whole , instead of bickering about each other 's tax rates . 
  but malakas is a big part of our culture . 
  it 's important that they get it right !, 
  thats a silly comment . 
  it 's the statistic for the hypothesis that the correlation is not zero . 
  if it 's not significant , there is no correlation . 
  educate yourself before trying to teach others . 
  if it s not statistically significant it 's a useless random number . 
  my claim was about the correlation of tax rates and growth . 
  and here is your citation :  the slope of the trend line is upward , and the estimated correlation between the two series is +0.167 , suggesting that higher tax rates are related to higher economic growth the next year . 
  this estimated correlation , however , is not statistically significant . 
  in other words , there is no apparent association between the statutory corporate tax rate and economic growth . 
   [ citation needed ] the burden of proof is on you . 
  tax rates were high enough , but not collected . 
  they are still not , by the way . 
  for many businesses tax evasion is what keeps them afloat . 
  i do n't excuse tax evasion of course , but it shows that the tax rates are unsustainable . 
  lol no , even sweden has 22 % . 
  and we 're an amazingly depressed economy with mediocre public services . 
  i do n't know , e.g. 
  cyprus was doing well before eu and the bulk of the companies they host are not from the eu . 
  such a small island can not find an equally good alternative business model other than financial services . 
  i can see them deciding to leave . 
  greek corporate tax rates ( 29 % ), 
  it 's part and parcel of free trade . 
  if good are allowed to move freely , so will taxable capital . 
  one could ask how the first is disgusting but the other is not ? 
  also , if we all had to pay taxes where things are created , we have to pay trillions to china . 
   with high tax rates tend to do better longterm than those with lower you see a correlation not a causation . 
  maybe because these countries are successful , then they raise their tax rates ? 
  12 % corporate tax is not tax haven . 
  i also do n't understand what 's the irony ? 
  the current high tax rates are killing the greek economy . 
   he 'll try to defend one of france 's interests on a eu level through eu institutions of course . 
  effectively its the same thing so the criticism still stands . 
  the post-cold war world is concentrated : each country can do one thing at scale . 
  it 's not possible ( without protectionism ) to have a copy of the german economy in each eu country . 
  because high tax rates are not appropriate for all economies . 
  it 's not a law made by god, 
  eu is not the only economic jurisdiction in the world , however , and these companies can move elsewhere with minimal impact . 
  even within eu , estonia , bulgaria , cyprus would have to question their own economic model if they were forced to radically change corporate tax policies . 
  at that point they would do their own cost-benefit analysis and decide on their own article 50, 
  you dont call people u do n't know malaka , its not polite . 
  can confirm, 
  but , it 's not always so spicy . 
  [ same singer ( paparizou ) in another eurovision ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arsczmxcv3q ), 
  i understand why you did not notice , but the weather was shitty . 
  more like turbo-folk, 
  he receives a lot more negative opinions than you see here , ranging from disappointment to outrage . 
  depends on what you mean by `` everything '' , he said a lot . 
  he did not predict capital controls for example . 
  u re right . 
  i like mrs. merkel , but i think she overstayed her welcome . 
   greece will probably remain in the same state for 20 years or more that was n't hard to foresee . 
  actually , the average turnover time for previous major economic crises/defaults in greece is 17 years . 
  what syriza suggested was fantasy . 
  if they knew it was fantasy , they were populist liars , if they did n't know they were stupidly naive populists . 
  neither is good for a government . 
  syriza will be followed by a right-wing government similar to the one we had before them . 
  after them , probably another populist . 
  indeed the perspective is not inspiring . 
  but it 's what most people agree with . 
  it 's quite clear to see that nations make their bed and lie in it . 
   if that is true , then i am wrong . 
  apparently nobody knows . 
  the truth is , the electorate in greece was ( still is ) in major cognitive dissonance . 
  they rejected the plan with ease but had zero intention to leave the euro , as shown by the elections that followed . 
  the electorate in greece , marred by decades of clientelism is in an infantile stage . 
  at least syriza represents a mild form of populism , but i m afraid what could follow next . 
  hmm ? 
  syriza was formed in 2004 . 
  activists and protesters ? 
  no , traditional leftists , but they are famously close to anarchist groups . 
   syriza was elected with the mission to change the situation for greece . 
  i 've heard this expression a billion times and it baffles me how people do n't see the obvious irrationality : are elections magic ? 
  if i campaign to cure cancer , is it really going to happen ? 
  someone please remind me , who else campaigned on false promises that everyone wants to hear ?
