  having a composite name will always seem half-assed, 
  and they did it way before prince, 
  why do n't they just join greece ? 
  wait till you see what i got next muahaha, 
  democracy is not about elections though , but about keeping the power with `` the many '' . 
  surely some people realized that she would use the elections for power grab , and they punished her for that . 
  surely you can think of many `` democratically elected leaders '' doing just that . 
  depends on how hung it is . 
  first cameron recklessly runs a referendum and it backfires , now may recklessly goes to elections and it backfires again . 
  can see a pattern there . 
   would expect a greek to understand yes a war with turkey is an excellent idea . 
  why should europe distance itself from nato ? 
  i see potential danger there . 
  eu states should just up their defense contribution and leadership inside nato . 
  frankly i 'd rather have our us overlords over europe ; i think it 's for the benefit of peace . 
  they will get their supply from fountains, 
  i do n't know why people have this idillyc view of being a farmer . 
  it 's a job like others ( quite hard and unpredictable ) . 
  you usually make * some * food , and you get to be happy in the nature , but otherwise you will have to make money for most of your needs as well . 
  just like everybody else . 
  yeah , but living like a hippie is not the same as `` being a farmer '' . 
  farmers add to the economy , pay taxes etc etc. 
  and , no , i would not like to see greece go back to an agrarian country . 
  most of regulations in agriculture ( heavily regulated ) are a result of eu-wide cap . 
  we produce both here . 
  we 've been hearing the same thing for decades ... 
  yes , i was joking too . 
  i mean , come on , i could n't be seriously saying that `` ze zermans '' are lazy , could i ? 
  it does produce all that . 
  but we do n't need more people to enter agriculture , we need less farmers doing better work . 
  italy produces 5 times greece 's output with a much smaller fraction of farmers ), 
  definitely . 
  but labor costs and other costs ( fertilizer etc ) are higher that said , there is definitely an opportunity if the greek government decides to grab it before other countries do . 
  lots of farmers would switch to growing cannabis . 
  but then the investment required in marketing is huge and one enters highly competitive sectors . 
  take wine for example , despite so many attempts to break into established markets , the greek wine sector is still struggling . 
  nonexistent problem is now solved by law ... 
  yet it 's not a good idea . 
  greece is a mountainous country where mass production is not possible . 
  expensive transport costs reduce competitiveness ( especially in the islands ) . 
  there is only so much demand for high quality products ( which greece can produce , but again in rather small quantities ) , and new technologies mean that in the long-term prices of those products will go down , as more countries can produce e.g. 
  quality olive oil . 
  greece has enjoyed ( along with ireland ) the biggest piece of the eu agricultural subsidies pie in the past . 
  it has one of the largest agricultural populations in eu ( 11 % compared to italy 's 3.6 % ) , without having the plains of poland . 
  but it is not sustainable in the long run . 
  young people should not look into agriculture as a long-term solution . 
  there is a lot of competition from the balkans ( albania ) . 
  the cost of production will probably be high in greece in comparison . 
  so do n't expect miracles, 
  i do n't get it edit : yes i know man . 
  not proud that we work more for less, 
  efficiency is so exhausting ... 
  lazy zermans ... edit : this was a joke, 
  greece 's economy is not germany though , so for many ppl these taxes reduce the expendable income for basics , not luxuries . 
  tbh i know many people of productive age who prefer to be unemployed rather than start a business as they see it pointless . 
  the rest just emigrate . 
  it 's a rational decision . 
  comparisons with germany do n't apply also , there are big parts of the greek public sector that are horriby counter-productive : not just unproductive themselves , but they cause disruption to business with a net negative effect on the economy . 
  it 's mostly administrative services which employ old untrained and inflexible workers . 
  they drove my swedish friend who tried to work here crazy - he thought it was completely insane . 
  the bad german bureaucracy can be counterbalanced by a working market , in greece this does not exist , that 's why entrepreneurs are hopeless . 
   the `` old guard '' is no longer in power . 
  hope so . 
  this is not my experience on the ground , though . 
  he leads a conservative , god-fearing clientelistic party . 
  thats not liberalism . 
  my hopes are down, 
  the author suggests the same  revenues must increase so that the tax rates are reduced , '' finance minister euclid tsakalotos said recently . 
  that 's hard to do ; in countries that have managed to raise tax collection , this order of actions was reversed . 
  it used to take that long ~ 10 years ago ( which included a trip to the local irs to pierce your invoice book ) . 
  i think it 's much easier nowadays , so its not an issue . 
  i think the biggest issue is continuously shifting tax laws , which often force people to change their business type every few years . 
  maybe not teabag-level , but trump-level , could be, 
  he makes a good case in point why government should be small and limited , so i 'm ok with him being laughable . 
  the internot, 
  they never ask `` public support for marriage '', 
  look at the bright side . 
  extra profit for czech smugglers, 
  do they have elections in belgium or sth ? 
  beer inequality, 
  is n't that the point ? 
  that uber does n't want to be regulated ? 
  because in the us public transportation is ~ ~ nonexistent ~ ~ impractical , so uber is considered as a godsent gift ( it fills in the lack of a public good ) . 
  their model is not transferrable everywhere though . 
  but is n't this a human rights issue ? 
  it 's not macron or brexit at all , e.g. 
  everyone would rightly protest if a country voted to ban homosexuals or allow slavery . 
  the problem is the passive aggressiveness of the turks who will vote . 
  i doubt they care so much about their home country , they want to send a message to germany rather than to turkey . 
  so german politicians should act to break this vicious loop . 
  right , it 's a anti-constitutional and evenmore a fundamental human rights issue . 
  the german people however have a right to know if citizens are `` secretly '' liking the death penalty . 
  i understnd that , of course , pro-death rallies are out of the question , but the police closing down polling booths etc , would make very bad pr for germany . 
  i m really not talking about the practicalities of the situation . 
  but banning the voting is a very passive-aggressive way to handle the situation . 
  there should be consequences for those that would vote pro-death-penalty . 
  banning the vote would only play in the hands of erdogan , and would enrage turks inside and outside turkey to vote in his favor . 
  disagree . 
  in the same sense that you can ban nazi rallies , but not anti-nazi . 
  death penalty is a fundamental human rights issue , akin to slavery , its crazy to allow pro-death penalty rallies in an eu country .
