  make sure you 're not an ignoramus before calling names . 
   italy has one of the most advanced building codes in the world . 
  and , by the way , it doesnt : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/24/italy-earthquake-throws-spotlight-on-lax-construction-laws, 
  and a live count http://www.emsc-csem.org/#2, 
  because ? 
  over here damaged or dangerous houses are at least marked as such by the authorities , and in many cases their owners are actually forbidden from inhabiting them until the houses are repaired/restored/reinforced . 
  i bet italy has a similar law . 
   the problem is actually it was fortunate that it was away from densely populated places . 
  it 's the state 's job to mark those buildings as dangerous , and not allow people to live in them . 
  i do n't understand why italy does not reform its building code , especially after l'aquila . 
  it 's unacceptable that so many people die from an earthquake in a rich country . 
  thats some dickwagging right there, 
  brexit is a lost case anyway . 
  the brits are not getting out anytime soon , and when they leave , they have already been promised with `` everything we had minus the votes '' . 
  i 'd prefer to see uk the leave , but let 's face it , brexiters dont know how to brexit . 
  why are they so excited about it ? 
  samaria entrance , but kind of odd to pick * that * picture for the biggest island . 
  i do n't believe it s small although i have no data . 
  what i mean is he appeals to a reddit-like crowd of social justice warriors craving their fix . 
   how on earth he 's still in politics ? 
  reddit likes him, 
  bbbbbut he s an idealist !, 
  reminds me of a certain world-famous narcisist `` politician '' from my country . 
  ( whose ame caot be amed ), 
  also , what about those people wearing swastikas voluntarily ? 
  oh great , this solves all our problems, 
   if all the different cultures share similar values which means they are not different cultures . 
  i like cultures , but i dont like culture salad . 
   the husband 's will forbid their wives from leaving the house at all . 
  i dont think there are that many men who really care . 
  it 's a tradition thing . 
  women will wear it less , and they will not be in fear of having fingers ponted at them . 
  they can now blame it on the law . 
  it 's a form of affirmative action . 
  not so funny ... 
  this ad is so effective ... 
  no i do n't find it ` distasteful ' that people defend their values . 
  yes , to me is a ` when in rome ' thing . 
  we dont hide our women in europe . 
  why not just let muslims be muslim ? 
  they ll kill each other in not time . 
  you mean the same way that nobody talked about obama being black , or hillary being a woman ? 
  face it , politics are pr campaigns . 
  thats like having a private gay sex party and calling it a gay pride . 
  you got statistics for that ? 
  they have every right to be oppressed in the islamist hellhole of their choice . 
  on principle . 
  but we do n't live in an abstract world in outer space . 
  you have probably been living under a rock , so let me inform you there were many many attacks islamic fundies and not-so-fundies , including one for `` scratching his wife 's thigh '' . 
  apparently , we can not live in peace without some cultural convergence , and i 'd rather we do n't converge towards wearing scarves . 
  also i ca n't remember when the nudists attacked or protested against clothed people . 
  to expect that we can have a society when all we agree on is economy , is delusional . 
  what if we started giving out pepper sprays en masse . 
  it 's horrifying being forced to be defenseless . 
  anybody can explain shortly why are deflationary policies considered appropriate worldwide ? 
  is it just everyone aping each other ? 
  indeed . 
  so , who is interested in natural gas with oil at these price levels ? 
  who is interested in oil at these price levels ? 
  $ 5,300 http://dailysignal.com/2014/08/21/paycheck-terrorism-5300-suicide-attack/, 
  all the british media it seems . 
  it 's correct ( because it 's not a real state ) , but why not call it daesh , since it 's just a terrorist organization . 
  thats why we need some real reaponse from credible people . 
  at least change course . 
  set up immigration offices in turkey and take the refugees from there . 
  dont let them go the illegal route where they mix with scumbags . 
  europe needs its ellis island, 
  better than terrorism for sure . 
  yes , i meant more or less what you said : prosecute the media used to spread these hateful messages vigorously . 
  yes thats what i m talking about . 
  when the internet first started spreading i was seeing a definite timeline that leads to world government , i wonder what went wrong . 
   invite the world 's poorest war victims inside their house please remind me , whose war 's victims are those ? 
  that 's not exclusive to liberal democracies , every religion and ideology has an eschatological story . 
  even anarchists . 
  there is no perfectly mentally unproblematic human being . 
  i think it is dishonest to say that `` they all had mental problem , that explains it all '' , just as it is dishonest to blame religion for everything . 
  in the subject of islam , i think what needs to be discussed is the culture that breeds among muslims rather than religion itself . 
  it seems to me these second-generation kids grew up isolated from the western society around them , largely shielded primarily by family and kin , and secondly by religion , in a way that no other isolated group does in the west today . 
  when they encounter the world around them , they seem to feel fatally alienated . 
  their parents must have felt the same when they emigrated , but for most of them that was a reality they were forced to accept as there was no option of going back . 
  on that subject , should n't the sharing of fatwas for killing become a crime as well ? 
  i 'd like to see how luxemburgers would take the invasion by 74000 peasants . 
  seriously though , about a third of them are illegal opportunists ( not refugees ) and they do n't plan to stop in any country unless they reach their chosen welfare target . 
  accepting them all would set a bad precendent and is unfair to the real refugees . 
  what do the turks in turkey feel about this stuff ? 
  do they know whats happening in the country and how the world views them ? 
  didnt he ask germany to prosecute a comedian ? 
  nah this wo n't go down easy with the russians . 
  agree about most muslims , but you only need 1 , and he would probably know his way around the building better than me . 
  i would n't go . 
  no , separation of ireland would mean nothing for the basques . 
  so no common aims, 
   will alienate the muslim communities even more alienate implies that the muslim communities created by recent immigration were at some time ` close ' to western values . 
  they never were . 
  ira and eta had the same cause ? 
  no these were more ` normal ' isis butchers having links to syria and all etc. 
  jesus i ca n't believe we 're actually having this discussion , whoever is planning all this is going to turn me insane . 
  this plays right in the hands of erdogan . 
  why do eu politicians tend to act so blatantly stupid without regard for the consequences of what they say ? 
  i wonder how the sales of pepper spray are doing these days .
