  it 's [ in the plans ] ( http://www.lamdadev.com/en/investment-portfolio/the-hellinikon.html ), 
  you know many communist internationalists ? 
   all other nationalists have rarely if ever killed people . 
  [ citation needed ] i 'm not saying you are completely wrong , but all ideologies kill people . 
  oh yes the joys if nationalism . 
  those two are not exclusive . 
  do you have further information ? 
  i am sorry to see you downvoted . 
  some people just love their bubble, 
  so , what is merkel 's plan to deal with north korea ? 
  what does this change officially ? 
  what could n't they do that they can do now ? 
  adopt children ? 
  to be fair , most minarets were demolished after the temples were re-converted to christian . 
  relatively very few are left and they look rather picturesque , so i people do n't want to remove them . 
  europe is in loooooove with macron . 
  it 's not going to end well . 
  more likely , most people are progressive when they are sure it does n't affect them negatively . 
  i 'm actually surprised that gay activists settled down for something as arcane as 2-person marriage . 
  they were usually at the forefront of social progress . 
  and they will go to england ? 
  yes , i misread that . 
  it 's like 10 % of their annual profit , a good slap in the wrist . 
  when do we start ? 
   you do n't like them . 
  lol , that 's your definition of high treason ? 
  some would wish they would leave , leaves the search engine space open for some different kind of market ( look at china ) . 
  also bing does n't suck . 
  it 's actually pretty good and better in some things ( like image search ) . 
  if bing suddenly got to ~ 50 % of eu market share , you bet they would spend tons of millions to improve their product , too . 
  shopping has a lot more money than the other two . 
  god are dumb ? 
   since that 's what the consumer is looking for anyway ? 
  google does n't get to decide what 's best for the customer , that 's what the regulators thought ( i suppose they had enough evidence ) . 
  we can never be sure if google has the best products , if google keeps hiding all competing products . 
  in the end , it 's not like the laws of markets come from god , markets exist as a result of regulation . 
  thx, 
  antimonopoly laws are just as valid as ip protection laws , is what i m sayin ', 
  there is only so much attention, 
  we do n't hear a lot from companies acqui ( hi ) red by google . 
  and google is still the search advertising company . 
  i think they do stifle competition by showering the aqcuired companies with money and removing the threat of competition . 
  i 'm thinking of a british company , deep mind who might at some point have had a shot competing google . 
  now there is again no competition in the space ( of search/nlp ) . 
  ancap would not object to the practice . 
  but most ancaps object to the idea of intellectual property and patents which perpetuates silicon valley 's monopolies . 
  the same reasons why other companies may not do whatever they want with other people 's inventions ( patents ), 
  i kind of agree google is stifling innovation in sv by buying out every possible promising startup . 
   the fine , equivalent to 3 percent of alphabet 's turnover, 
  1 or 2 ai startups have been saved from certain googlification . 
  google will probably contest it . 
  in the end a lot of the money will go to lawyers . 
  google made $ 24.75 bln * revenue * in first * quarter * of this year . 
  this is spare change for them . 
  they use government-enforced ip protections to make their billions and often to outrank competitors . 
  so some regulation is expected . 
  and what if someone worse comes after him ? 
  can somebody from turkey confirm if this true ? 
  i got an entire couch and bookcase of them . 
  maybe i should start selling ... 
  so in spain minimum wage is below the poverty line ? 
  i saw that , but that would mean the minumum wage is eur 1027 . 
  which is correct ? 
   an alternative meaning to the word slavery . 
  and what do we call the slaves now ? 
  you do n't explain how being paid ~ 174eur above minimum wage is equal to slavery, 
  i doubt they work more than 7 hours / day either , most agricultural labour can not be done all the time of the day / year anyway . 
  there is also enough demand for these workers to keep prices at good levels . 
  at least here , it 's even becoming hard to find workers . 
  hyperbole . 
  you can say that these people live in slums and that they do n't wear enough protective equipment ( a mask costs $ 5 and boots $ 30 ; doesnt seem unaffordable ) . 
  but slavery ? 
  they work in europe 's farms and they get paid eur30/35 which is a good pay for my country at least . 
  they enjoy the benefits of cap , which keeps agricultural income high , so they get decent payout to send their families or live here . 
  many of them are not here legally . 
  many do n't want to be paid legally , because that means they have to pay social security and taxes which means the money which goes to their pockets will be less in the end . 
  they usually work in small farms , not inhumane pesticide factories . 
  if you want to open a discussion about them , you have to also talk about illegal immigration ( you would rather have these people unemployed ? ), 
  and the cap ( you think spending should be increased ? ) . 
  and yes , low-skilled workers end up working in manual labour usually . 
  same is true for locals , not just immigrants . 
  there is no need to shame everyone who works in labour as being a `` slave ''  `` a tiny salary after a long and dangerous trip to reach europe '' what is this shit ? 
  i 'm done with outrage `` journalism '', 
  if that were the case the entire gulf region would not be arab anymore . 
  is this real ? 
  where is it ? 
   are muslims living in greece not worthy of protection afforded i think they would feel their protection is violated if the law supercedes their special status . 
  the sharia law has been upheld by the supreme court in grece http://www.secularism.org.uk/news/2013/11/greek-supreme-court-places-sharia-law-above-civil-law its a peculiar situation , will be interesting to see what the echr will say . 
   in a decision published in october 2013 , the greek supreme court established that matters of inheritance among the muslim minority must be resolved by the mufti , following islamic laws . 
  http://www.secularism.org.uk/news/2013/11/greek-supreme-court-places-sharia-law-above-civil-law it seems difficult to change this without breaking/amending the treaty , which is a much bigger issue for greece and turkey . 
  i think western thrace is the only place in europe where sharia law is practiced ( not for criminal cases though ) . 
  and so begins the era of lte tourism, 
  e-lifesciences has an excellent journal process , and the cost is $ 2500 per article . 
  [ their costs were # 3.9 m in 2015 ] ( https://elifesciences.org/inside-elife/a058ec77/what-it-costs-to-publish ) . 
  they are open access and they create journal software that is open source and free for the world . 
  compare that with the billions that elsevier makes per year , locking thousands of papers with invaluable information behind paywalls . 
  oh and please do explain what is that so important work that editors do . 
  i 've seen them do horrible blunders even in the best of journals , change their minds on a whim , self-promote their journals , engage into politics etc. 
  it 's not that hard to figure out the good science , especially when peer reviewers will readily tell you which it is . 
  there are entire fields ( most notably machine learning ) that move blazingly fast without even any peer review .
