  1/3 of `` refugees '' are immigrants . 
   but here 's hoping the massive clusterfuck that is the migration crisis ends soon . 
  but in the meanwhile ? 
  she does n't have a right to say what european countries `` must '' or `` must not '' do , unless we elect her . 
  maybe we could , now with the uk gone and alll, 
   i would love to see the west i might be wrong , but i consider russia part of the `` west '', 
  i think it s illegal to deny service . 
  no i do n't , but you do, 
  / uk : tolerant to all apart from those stinky immigrants and dirty europeans, 
   than the people you mean , than `` the rest of the people who read the media '' ? 
  yes , we must be smarter . 
  has nothing to do with greece . 
   if greece decided to leave the eu , i 'd support their decision and hope things go well for them . 
  this is not about the decision . 
  it 's about the news about the ( in ) decision . 
  i did not call brits snobby , i called the brits who post here about how it is unfair that people complain about brexit news snobby . 
  at this point , the country will require permanent foreign military presence to keep tensions ( if the war ends , ever ) . 
  the reluctance of us to interfere only delays that outcome . 
  maybe that 's the entire plan , let them burn to the ground so they re easier to control . 
  for one , at least fewer people die drowning when their smuggler sinks the boat . 
  this is a period so dark , we will look back to it in tears in a few decades . 
  suppose it was grexit , or even gerexit . 
  would n't you be sick and tired of hearing about it every fuckin day ? 
  i also see a lot of snobism from brits here , who think that everyone beyond the channel is an idiot who doesnt understand how important their precious `` brexit '' is . 
  the best i can do is to ignore brexit news , because , really the whole brexit farce is only useful to speculators so far . 
  no hate for brits ; i m just sick and tired hearing about your fuckin brexit . 
  good news does not turn eyeballs , every newspaper knows that . 
  why would u expect it to be different here . 
  fuck off already , theresa . 
  i do n't care about your stupid show . 
  why would n't it ? 
   forcing people to change their culture or religious practises usually has the opposite effect and only reinforces those said practises that is not true historically in a religious context ( i m thinking of byzantines , ottomans , colinialists , and the iranian revolution ) . 
  why not all of them ? 
  could we please use this momentum to remove the ban on nudity as well ?? 
   symbolism is not a valid reason for banning something . 
  of course it is . 
  think about all the victims of attacks . 
  think about all of us who want europe to be a safe space , and not be triggered by black walking bags . 
  the third option is when you see a girl in a burqa you go talk to her and ask her what is that bag she wears , and take a selfie with her because it * is * a fuckin weird garment , more funny than a scooby doo uniform . 
  i bet however that most westerners wo n't even approach a burqued person because they are scared shitless of their husbands/brothers . 
  because she totally freely and with much deliberation chose to wear that thing and stick out like a sore thumb . 
  / s there is no third option here . 
  it 's saudi arabia taking advantage of western loopholes to export their `` culture '', 
  making them illegal however infringes on the right to wear what you want . 
  banning it by law is a bad idea because it causes cognitive dissonance to secular germans . 
  that is not the right way to tackle a cultural problem . 
  see a woman in burqa ? 
  go and chat her , flirt her . 
  does her companion start being violent ? 
  that 's his problem , people are free to flirt too !, 
  i say challenge their preconceptions , make them walk out of their walled garden of religioius isolation . 
  germany already bans nazist clothing . 
  they are already racist / s, 
  yes thats exactly what it is . 
  would you prefer to retaliate in kind , with bombings ? 
  i disapprove the burqa as incompatible with the entire western secular values . 
  the same way i disapprove of orthodox jew beards etc. 
  it 's a display of an attitude putting religious devotion front and center , which i personally find abhorrent and strongly incompatible with secular society . 
  if we want to be able to live in a tolerant society , we have to put religions aside or at least minimize their role , like it or not . 
  absolute freedom works in america because the country promotes individualism . 
  in europe , where we have national cultures , it 's silly to say that the burqa does not bother us . 
  hey it 's better to ban the burqa than to hate on muslims and join the far-right . 
  it s a symbolic gesture , but it is proving popular and may prove useful . 
  as an expert , i would expect us to explain why italy has so many victims in a not-so-big earthquake while other countries do n't ? 
  thanks for letting me know that a country like italy , greece or japan have the most advanced building codes . 
  after all , if not them , who would ? 
  if your expert opinion is that italians should continue to live and die in ancient unreinforced houses , then i 'll pass on your expertise . 
  otoh , you can shove your victorianism , you know where . 
  no-one displays their tits like the french do !, 
  this is a public beach , the authorities have a responsibility to make it a relaxed , friendly and safe space for everyone . 
  dude its a public beach . 
  you do n't there dressed as a rabbi as u do n't go there naked ( unless its allwoed ) . 
  it 's unsettling to the people who are trying to relax there . 
  and yes , that garment is not just a wide piece of fabric , it 's glued to a religious mindset . 
  calm down ; the other people have rights too . 
  that woman is dressed in a specific garment , not just any garment . 
  she is supposed to project either a ) her moral superiority compared to european `` sluts '' , or b ) the fact that she is publicly submitting her freedom to dress to her husband/father . 
  both are incompatible with the french , who are known to be militant about this . 
  hence they ask her to please stop being an eyesore and making everyone feel uncomfortable . 
   i think most of the french are in favor of the ban . 
  but it also provides them a false sense of security ( * something * is being done ) . 
  on the one hand , what if it ends up causing more alienation between locals and immigrants ? 
  on the other hand , at least it is stirring some discussion between locals and immigrants . 
  now , is n't that sad . 
  it 's a silly situation . 
  i actually feel for the policemen who have to ask her something so weird . 
  the fact is , radical extremism is still a serious issue but the ban on burqas is a ridiculous counter measure . 
  maybe an ad campaign explaining how it 's incompatible with french values , an attempt to approach these women in a friendly way could work . 
  compassion brings people together . 
  thanks for letting me know , `` expert '', 
  the trial did n't happen ? 
   tell me : how well it is going to work , when the state tells whole towns to just move out of their homes because there might be an earthquake ? 
  everyone would wish that was possible . 
  they actually put scientists on trial for not warning about the l'aquila earthquake . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_l%27aquila_earthquake#prosecutions but i guess your country does not have many earthquakes ... 
   do you realize italy has a much higher share of old buildings than greece does ? 
  yes , but it is also a richer country . 
  building code `` relate to the construction and occupancy of buildings '' - `` they also concern the habitabilty of structures . 
  it is not unreasonable to expect that every italian should live in a safe home , or not live in that home at all . 
  what you say makes no sense , many other countries have safeguarded their homes .
