  here 's some ideas to make the russian propaganda run away : - stop the neoliberal austerity policies which have brought europe to an economic standstill - dismantle the tax havens that plague the world and force companies to pay their share of taxes - stop bailing out the fucking banksters , and then forcing indebted people to pay more with your 0 % inflation - helicopter money instead of qe - realize that the euro may have been a bad idea, 
  i defend everyone 's right to be rebuked/shot down with arguments . 
  you should stop making the prejudices you have about the person behind every comment that you read public . 
  it 's embarassing, 
  please go ahead and do that . 
  you will end up banning every news outlet everywhere . 
   tablet is a daily online magazine of jewish news , ideas , and culture . 
  ( clap ) ( clap ) ( clap ) congratulations for the thought policing . 
  i am really glad r/europe is showing its ugly side , and not even trying to put forward any arguments against racists . 
  keep up the good work , maybe one day you can get a job where these jobs are needed i.e. 
  china/russia/nkorea etc. 
   openly hostile to our interests . 
  speak for yourself, 
  you mean , like the bbc ? 
  or euronews ? 
  or dw ? 
  france 2-4 , rai etc etc ? 
  we should ban everything except euronews . 
  that 's not what dublin ii says, 
  why do n't they enforce these rules : lisbon treaty , article 77 : the union shall develop a policy with a view to : - ( b ) carrying out checks on persons and efficient monitoring of the crossing of external borders ; - ( c ) the gradual introduction of an integrated management system for external borders . 
  - ( b ) the checks to which persons crossing external borders are subject ; - ( c ) the conditions under which nationals of third countries shall have the freedom to travel within the union for a short period ; - ( d ) any measure necessary for the gradual establishment of an integrated management system for external borders ; article 78 : - ( c ) a common system of temporary protection for displaced persons in the event of a massive inflow ; - ( d ) common procedures for the granting and withdrawing of uniform asylum or subsidiary protection status ; article 79 : - ( c ) illegal immigration and unauthorised residence , including removal and repatriation of persons residing without authorisation ; - ( d ) combating trafficking in persons , in particular women and children . 
  because they realized most of them are unemployable in germany or not refugees at all . 
  and the saga continues . 
  none of this wave of refugees want to stay here . 
  none . 
  the immigrants i know who i 've seen at work here are albanians , bulgarians , romanians , some afghans and some pakistanis . 
  if you bring them back , you 're only giving ammo to our idiotic defense minister who will again threaten to `` open the borders '' . 
  the dublin agreement and the handling of refugees is a such a major major clusterfuck . 
  decades later , historians will look back in disbelief . 
  maybe not disaster but very clearly no benefit . 
  i mean , you have the data to prove it , 0 growth all these years and now u re facing unemployment and an imminent banking implosion . 
  the easiest way to get out of it is outside the euro . 
  unless merkel manages to find jobs for the million plus immigrants in her territory , incidents like this will multiply . 
  it should be required reading/listening . 
  [ and here 's the paper ] ( http://www.elgaronline.com/view/journals/ejeep/13-2/ejeep.2016.02.06.xml ), 
  this can be the beginning of the italexit ( jointly with grexit i think ) . 
  so you are saying you can utilize both the front and the back door with one cock ? 
  i do n't know that position :d, 
   only actuate in case of danger that cock may not get enough action  open door manually which door ? 
  there are 2, 
  the law just disallows doctors to prescribe it . 
  people are still free to abuse themselves i guess, 
  is there any place in in malta where they do gay therapy ? 
  or in europe for that matter ? 
  or is this just a marketing gimmick ( jealous of mykonos much , malta ? ), 
  you ca n't maintain your suspicions without closing your eyes to the dumps ? 
  works for me . 
  we do n't live in the era of ` impartial reporting ' from either side . 
  at this point , i 'll take any kind of information ( real ) instead of no information . 
  people have woken up to this fact . 
  would you really trust , for example , the podesta emails to nytimes ? 
  ( who did the snowden reporting ) . 
  i would n't . 
  i 'd rather have 2 sides arguing against each other than one big totalitarian megaphone ( that is most of the us media atm ) . 
  i know wikileaks wo n't publish about russia - i do n't care . 
  the russian or chinese authoritarian regimes can not be `` improved via leaks '' - they can only be overthrown by a legitimate democracy . 
  on the contrary , democracies benefit from transparency , improve themselves and become more resilient . 
  as cnn says , `` question everything '', 
  it 's a bit like asking europeans to know what the governor of texas did today . 
  i 'm not . 
  and i tell you it 's real / s. 
  anyway , you 're shooting the messengers . 
  thats not good, 
  and what is relevant ? 
  all the leaks were high-profile . 
  we would know . 
  g.greenwald says it has a perfect record . 
  have they ever dumped fake info ? 
  what kind of credibility ( other than genuine info , which it has ) does it need to have ? 
  so , what if it is ? 
   it 's part of their culture . 
  pizzagate of the orient ... aww how exotic !, 
  bbbut . . these were teens , not grown men ... so it 's not bacha bazi ( and i ca n't believe i actually wasted time learning about that kind of ` culture ' ), 
  similar incidents have happened many times in refugee camps ; it 's not even news . 
  oh great !, 
  more idiots bailing out banks , how wonderful !, 
   `` if monte paschi 's deal fails , you are only going to see prices going down across the sector , '' if after 8 years of crisis you havent fixed your sector you deserve to die motherfuckas, 
  well the gypsies are nomadic people . 
  i said `` if '' . 
  because that 's what ultimately determines a nation . 
  - for one , there is cheaper it labour in the balkan countries . 
  good for you though ; my point is that greek labour is used to higher wages , and many ppl will prefer to emigrate than stay here with lower wages . 
  - most of the immigrants are not employable that way . 
  in other words , stagnation, 
  because it is n't . 
  italian political instability is nothing new . 
  it 's an attempt to bring doom and gloom and some market instability , hoping to make a quick buck . 
  i guess it depends on the region maybe ? 
  i find i get along easy with israelis because they share our east med culture . 
  [ historically greece has been friendly to jews ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_greece#anti-semitism_in_greece ) . 
  like i said , greece is very homogeneous and distance from other people breeds discontent . 
  where i live ( south ) people would n't even mention jews . 
  why do you think people are not happy with it ? 
  it seems to me that immigration is the one and only issue that really riles people up . 
  i do n't see general discontent with eu about other matters tbh . 
   i mean , after everything that has gone on recently and all the upcoming european elections , it is certainly a possibility . 
  but people in the eu are [ more supportive of the eu after brexit ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-poll-idukkcn1002a0 ) . 
  there 's a growing trend among the ango-american media to prophesize the end of the eu , its as if they 're trying to create a self-fulfilling prophesy . 
  anyway , i am wondering how many people here are willing to go to war ( if it would come to it ) to defend their national borders from other eu countries ? 
  [ edit : apparently [ someone has studied this ] ( http://gallup-international.bg/en/publications/2015/220-win-gallup-international%e2%80%99s-global-survey-shows-three-in-five-willing-to-fight-for-their-country ) ],
