  probably colorblind too . 
  and mysql, 
  i 'm more impressed with sweden , they manage to attract entrepreneurs with tax rates that would be considered prohibitive . 
  the unwashed one, 
  you 're welcome . 
  i hope you enjoy all those marble copies . 
  happy birthday , former colonies !, 
  i would suggest they also force the cows to eat all the tulips before deporting them . 
  i found it on a greek site , thats probably why i posted it first . 
  i dont think such comedy gold would remain unnoticed for long . 
  that 's actually a reason not to trust scotcens . 
  academics have vested interests in post-brexit politics ( e.g. 
  eu funds directly benefit them ) . 
  explosive, 
  where do you think turkey will go if they leave nato ? 
  nobody forced this woman to work there, 
  coming soon, 
  pretty soon : `` here 's is half the parthenon frieze . 
  to see the other half , go get a visa '' . 
  imagine someone working in the tourism industry . 
  a hijab is not exactly a ` welcome ' sign . 
  religious symbols are a noticeable thing which , to me , signals that i need to be a little careful when speaking to that person . 
  with so many religions around , it 's becoming increasingly difficult to track down what 's acceptable to whom . 
  the point is that if an employer considers it important , they should be able to ban it . 
  on the other hand , there is the concern that employers who simply want to avoid hiring muslims , they will create such rules to push them away . 
  its not mandatory for everyone everywhere . 
  only if the company decides to have such rules . 
  if i employed people who interact with customers i would not want them to be so visibly separated in ` christians ' and ` muslims ' . 
  either they should all wear scarves or none . 
  the ruling makes sense for employers who do n't want no trouble . 
  on the other hand i see some problems with it : - companies that want to avoid hiring muslims can use this to keep them away - religious symbols exist in clothes etc. 
  crosses have become a fashion artifact in many cases , detached from religion . 
  could the ruling become more complicated in the future ? 
  `` i wore this cross as part of my jeans , not because i want to show my religious affiliation '' . 
  - what about tatoos ? 
  its basically the same name, 
  they should ddos the turkish airports , so no dutchmen can land . 
  and then maybe have a coup or two to celebrate . 
  it involves a lot of hyperbole , lying , smoke and mirrors , some chaos , and `` independent jouranlists '' doing nationalist propaganda . 
  they have been stirring a lot of tension with greece lately too . 
  is it serious ? 
  i doubt it . 
  does it bring any tangible results ? 
  i have no idea but also doubt it . 
  so bizarre . 
  everything lost in translation, 
  your flag is next i think, 
  imbeciles can only serve as props for outrage videos . 
  ok but there is a difference between unfavorable and hostile . 
   he vast majority to european citizens in every opinion poll on the subject over the past number of years see russia overwhelmingly as hostile maybe , but per country ? 
  source ? 
   greece received substantially more money i 'm not stating an opinion , just saying that greece didnt feel russia so much of a threat . 
  greece also opposed sanctions . 
   greek who does n't see turkey i was talking about turkey and france . 
  turkey is traditionally a threat to greece . 
  we do n't have problems with other me countries , in fact we are probably among the most friendly europeans to them . 
   think you 're attempting to drag nationality into this on a truly odious level i think you 're saying that only the northern block are allowed to have opinions . 
  you could disagree more politely . 
  and no , * you * are wrong http://www.ekathimerini.com/208607/article/ekathimerini/business/greece-capital-controls-have-silver-lining-more-tax-revenues, 
  you seem to think the status quo will never change . 
  it 's a possibility . 
  well you see ` external threats ' differ . 
  southern european countries do not all consider russia the thread that the baltic countries see . 
  during the greek crisis of 2015 , greece seeked a loan from the russians for example . 
  same with turkey or middle east . 
  is turkey or the me a threat to spain or france ? 
  i think you 've narrowed down europe to `` northern europe '', 
  in what way ? 
  extended families and communal raising of kids has been done in many societies . 
  thats the one valid argument . 
  however , starting with gay marriage , i think marriage is bound to be redefined mulitple times soon . 
  so are private jets . 
  so what ? 
  i think it 's technically polygyny . 
  are you guys opposed to polygamy ? 
  i m not . 
  i agree with your points , but i think it 's wishful thinking . 
  the more power the eu gets , the more significant the leadership and its nationality will be . 
  currently , i ca n't think of any 1 or 2 people who could legitimately compete for a european presidency with credentials . 
  it 's worse today than it was in the 80s . 
  you seem to believe in european syncretism against external enemies . 
  that would be nice , but i do n't think it exists . 
  inevitably there will be some nation behind that ` central govt ' . 
  like how germany is leading the ` anational ' eu . 
  the people of europe want to live in an american colony ( oh the irony ) in perpetuity, 
   giving up some sovereignty too to whom ? 
  i know that . 
  its you who compared it to selecting the judicial, 
  strongly disagree . 
  remove political voting from eurovision and you re left with ... san remo, 
  and what are those ? 
  an independet power , like judges ? 
  the `` european '' part is where 27 bureaucrats voted another one . 
  so now the eu is an independent executive power ? 
  it 's not complete . 
  the plan is to be completed in 2020 , if possible . 
  there are multiple issues all the time as the work progresses . 
  its a real nightmare . 
  its not surprising . 
  politics .
