  that 's not right either , but still , i will spare my tears for elsevier 's editors . 
  the system has been flawed for waaaay to long to justify any kind of sympathy . 
   peer review and sustaining a quality journal costs money writing the paper is done by the authors . 
  formatting the paper according to strict rules is done by the authors . 
  reviewing the paper is done for free by referees . 
  correcting the paper is done by the authors . 
  even auxiliary illustrations or journal covers are done by the authors . 
  all this work is provided for free . 
  the journals merely coordinate the communication between authors and reviewers , proofread and post the pdf on their glorified blog . 
  that should n't cost billions . 
  yeah but it 's dramatic, 
  the problem is that they are for-profit journals . 
  why does it have to involve profit ? 
   you do n't have to publish with elsevier if their fees are too and who is going to convince your next funding source that your work is reputable ? 
  it 's a chicken and egg problem that can not be broken with a single actor . 
  the long-term solution is to officially fund open-access journals , make them recognizable and respectable . 
  regarding long-term , i do n't know what is long-term to you , i ve been using scihub for years, 
  they can still charge the authors for publishing, 
  sciencedirect is often down for me as well . 
  plus i hate their website . 
  create a bookmark in your browser 's toolbar with this address : javascript : window.location = ` http://sci-hub.cc/'+window.location it will instantly download the paper you 're browsing from scihub, 
  they question is why journals want to fund themselves like that or why should they be funded anyway . 
  open access journals like the wonderful e-life , plos etc charge a processing fee per article published . 
  and they offer better service than elsevier , that charges a lot more . 
  a reasonable fee of $ 1000 / article is generally not objectionable by scientists . 
  you do the right thing in your country . 
  equality and la\u00efcit\u00e9 are lessons to be learned , they do n't come from god or spaghetti . 
  if you read that article , everyone uses it even if their library has access . 
  it 's because it is faster and it has everything everywhere . 
  most scientists do n't care to keep making elsevier and springer richer , they want to publish their fuckin results , but the funding committees still live in the 19th century where everything had to be printed in forest-paper . 
  i literally do not know of any scientist or researcher who would n't gladly break this law in this case . 
  the problem is not fixed with mandatory open access . 
  elsevier charges $ 5000 to make your article open access immediately , and ~ $ 2000 to make it open access in a year . 
  so they will keep making their taxpayer-funded profits even with open access . 
  thats a very protest-able situation in the year 2017 . 
  ( btw most eu funding bodies ( like the erc ) already require open access publishing since many years ago ), 
  i get that you 're trying to be empathetic , but please empathize with those south of the greek border . 
  they also love alexander the great , who was born in the region , and phillip , and the star of vergina ( again , in the region ) and speak their language . 
  regardless of ethnic/genetic background they have objectively a vastly greater claim to use the name . 
  there is no such thing as `` being macedonian '' , it 's all about what they claim to be and how well they justify it . 
  while fyrom nationals do form a distinct identity , the name they use does not describe their culture or themselves , it 's a rather arbitrary chosen name in comparison ( that they did not even choose themselves ) . 
  should specify that open access should be free too . 
  journals like cell charge $ 5000 for publishing an open access paper . 
  $ 5000 of taxpayer money for what is basically a blog post they dont even write . 
  sci-hub . bz sci-hub . io keep trying . 
  [ its everywhere ] ( http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2016/04/whos-downloading-pirated-papers-everyone ), 
  people are looking for his grave for centuries . 
  are you sure ? 
  `` country mccountryface '', 
   the people call themselves macedonians and have done so since the late 19th century at least that s disputed and most of them would identify more as bulgarians at that time . 
  the [ macedonian identity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonian_nationalism ) was hardly a self-identification anyway , it was promoted by various other countries that had interests in the area . 
  the recency of the idea , the relative fluidity of their national identity and the fact that it doesnt have deep roots in their society makes a case against being empathetic to their claims imho . 
   it removes the '' mecedonian '' identity the truth is that they have very little connection to macedonian identity , the historical sites of ancient macedon , the symbos they use ( alexander , the vergina star , phillip ) . 
  it 's a completely made up identity that was useful for tito to keep them united and which is convenient nowadays because it creates a national myth that people can adhere to , rather than breaking up the country / going to war . 
  it still has no historical or cultural basis however , they could have equally embraced any other made up identity . 
  the only real argument is that it keeps the country united . 
  but like all lies , it will create problems down the road ( cue irredemist claims/nationalist aggression whenever politics in the country do n't go well ) . 
  we already have erdogan , we do n't need another country to worry about . 
  we understand the whole dispute sounds ridiculous to most europeans , but you are not their neighbors . 
  it 's not unheard of a country to be named by the name of a locality . 
  most do . 
  you can understand the reason , we would be confused otherwise ( we have a major region called the same ), 
  and for some there is a [ sinister concept behind it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia ) . 
  the broader reason is that the region of macedonia was disputed as it came out of the ottoman empire . 
  that name has `` greece '' in it . 
  unacceptable . 
  if time has proven anything it 's that it 's a very bad choice of name . 
  there is irredemism behind the name , there is historic forgery , there is blatant nationalism and populism of the worst balkan type . 
  all this because of the choice of name and the ensuing propaganda , not because the people of fyrom are some kind of warmongers . 
  to what extent has the idea of [ united macedonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia ) become extinct ? 
  worth noting the amendment came after greece protested the language of your constitution . 
  specifically you still have article 49 :  the republic cares for the status and rights of those persons belonging to the macedonian people in neighbouring countries , as well as macedonian expatriates , assists their cultural development and promotes links with them . 
  the republic cares for the cultural , economic and social rights of the citizens of the republic abroad . 
   the very possibility of changing country 's name . 
  fyrom is a new country , hence they have not yet settled a name or a national myth . 
  they forged one which is crumbling . 
  it has no cost to them to settle on a different name now . 
  you do n't put saudi arabia in your car ? 
  and how would u encourage them ? 
  you 're right , got is too mild for the balkans . 
  they re territorial as well, 
  vetoes were created for this exact reason . 
  something similar happening with northern cyprus . 
  or else the un would not be a community of peaceful nations . 
  best part of macedon , or bestia, 
   should change its name and identity technically they are not changing it . 
  they were never `` macedonia '' in the un from the get go . 
  it 's a naming , not a re-naming . 
  nobody else would feel close enough ( territorially linguistically and culturally ) to claim the name greece . 
  plus modern greece did not start a crusade to reclaim `` our '' colonies in southern italy and france . 
  do you really feel the name `` byzantium '' or `` roman empire '' would be a better choice ? 
  game of thrones is a good approximation of balkan history, 
  fair . 
  but i m saying , on aesthetic reasons , that any composite name would feel like a diminutive . 
  like , not many would like to live in `` little britain '', 
  the problem is that their entire nationalist idea hinges on the history of ancient macedonia which is located squarely inside modern greece , and they have been pretty aggressive in promoting the idea of a possible ` restoration ' of some former glory by erecting statues of alexander everywhere , using macedon emblems , naming things etc etc. 
  maybe if they had not been so blatantly aggressive the greeks would have a different stance . 
  remember the balkan borders are all relatively new , and this kinds of blatant irredentism is certainly destabilizing . 
  it 's our biased opinion that not giving into these crazy nationalist ideas actually helps stabilize the region . 
  how about `` vardar republic '' .
