i d rather have turkey in eu than the entire continent of africa . 
  they still have a secular state and young people who can work without killing each other . 
  and any positive sign from the eu works against their clown of a president . 
  is that an arrivals board behind them ? 
  wow i didnt realize there was so much traffic . 
  i just want to say that 's not funny . 
  i will too . 
  i like american comedy . 
  we generally dont watch the debate [ live ] , not only because were across the pond , but it friggin starts at 4am my time . 
  this is more grave if you think that the south has traditional family structures and support networks . 
  `` kittens '' mmmmmh, 
  i 've always held that too much tolerance for religion is a bad thing for democracy . 
  in other news , reddit is giving these lunatics too much of a megaphone here . 
  i 'd be all for a digital euro - but dont discount the benefits of fiat currency . 
  in any case , greece will most probably leave the euro after the 3rd bailout package fails . 
  i do n't see a reason why the rest of the euro countries will follow , though . 
  they should go for an election before going ahead . 
  n = 2 maybe we should try that here, 
  i think the reason might be more concrete , like the account was being suspected of ties to something illegal . 
  crisis partially averted . 
  fair but shame for the guy , he was an experienced correspondent . 
  its a good thing . 
  we do need to reduce work times , so more people can work, 
  it 's weird to see so much rt-bashing here . 
  / r/unitedkingdom seems to be a lot more relaxed . 
  unless the propaganda is directly threatening your country you should not ban it . 
  freedom of speech etc.etc . 
  why would someone doctor a note from a bank , if the bank could readily say it 's false ? 
  sure , and i can go to syria to find out who fights whom . 
  its one bank , not all the banks . 
  then it 's not a good reason . 
  i * want * to know vladimir 's view of things . 
  we are not in the cold war and this is not / r/usa . 
  i wonder what caused the ban in the first place . 
  agree , but thats not what i said . 
  doesnt mean that western propaganda is of equal value , but its still propaganda . 
  reading the letter of the bible is in general a protestant tradition . 
  in school it is being taught through summarized explanations of concepts . 
  as per your suggestion , i agree we should be teaching more of the textual treasure of the greek testament in the literature classes . 
  but religious class is about preaching , and barely about the testament text at all ( i can not remember reading original testament text at all - is it being taught now ? ) . 
  and you re not comparing apples to apples : the homeric texts are taught for their historic and literary value , and not as `` coming from god '' . 
  you create a safe space when you limit people 's moral influences to a specific subset , which is what we do now by preaching for the local religion . 
  that 's why i suggested the history of moral philosophy , which is a shared universal history across the western world and beyond . 
  because reasons, 
  they will have to find another way to pay their workers . 
  their accounts are closed but money is not taken . 
  there 's always a purpose . 
  my point is , in todays world propaganda is everywhere . 
  we have to learn to protect ourselves from it rather than use censorship as a bandage . 
  in the long term , democratic societies will benefit , as truth is most of the time somewhere between the lines . 
  then we should ban any leftist or anti-israel website out there . 
  let 's get to work . 
  they are not frozen . 
  since / r/europe does not allow linking to rt dot com : http://imgur.com/a/inrvq, 
  propaganda is extreme bias . 
  why does / r/europe not allow links to rt dot com ? 
  anyway , here is the actual bank letter http://imgur.com/a/inrvq they are not freezing any money . 
  just closing they accounts and returning the money . 
  `` we do n't like to do business with you '' situation . 
  they did not freeze account apparently i cant post a link to rt.com here http://imgur.com/a/inrvq, 
  sure they can . 
  they can choose any bank in the west , or even the middle east . 
  thankfully the british love the free flow of capital . 
  does a news outlet need `` legitimacy '' to exist ? 
  uk government in general has lost a lot of credibility after the referendum and brexit fiasco . 
  this is either a panic move , or dictated by the us govt . 
  dont get too excited . 
  this wo n't affect rt at all ( other than giving them 1 more reason to flaunt their `` credibility '' ) . 
  they are not freezing any money . 
  religious class is usually boring time and free a grades . 
  comparative religion sounds frankly like more useless work for the students . 
  religious classes are taught by people of the church and theologicians . 
  not sure it makes any difference at all . 
  in fact isis grew in places where there 's heavy religious education . 
  really ? 
  you have a source for this claim ? 
  [ edit : you 're discredited by other comments - downvoted ], 
  probably yes . 
  closing their account wo n't shut them down overnight, 
  i think the right response to `` question more '' is `` question even more '' not less . 
  educate your people to recognize propaganda instead of hiding it from them . 
  to be precise , the bank can choose to not do business with anyone . 
  they ca n't freeze their money , but they can close their accounts and return the money . 
  this decision does seem politically motivated . 
  maybe the bank thought it reflected bad on their public image ? 
  it was a rhetorical question . 
  there is none . 
  reuters is not exactly a media outlet , and yes its one of the more neutral news agencies , but not immune to propaganda : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reuters#criticism_and_controversy, 
  and why does that warrant boycotting it ? 
  is it hate speech ? 
   censoring a propaganda outlet ? 
  can you please point one ( 1 ) media outlet that is not a propaganda outlet ? 
  sic transit gloria of the `` supreme western civilization '', 
   `` on the one hand , there are adverts with half-naked women , '' he says . 
  `` on the other , it is very hard to ask women out . 
  they find this confusing . '' that is why the burkini ( or burqa/hijab whatever shit is used to cover up ) ban is not a crazy idea . 
  for many of these women and men , how you dress is supposed to be directly related to sexual promiscuity . 
  that is not necessarily a `` value that must be respected '' . 
  why should any religious matters be taught at school at all ? 
  i would replace the class with a history of ethics instead .
