  the introduction of capital controls was a pivotal moment for the expansion of credit card payments in greece . 
  with access to little cash , most people need to do at least some payments via cc a month and their use has increased 136 % in past 2years . 
  this translates to less tax-evasion . 
  a new law also requires all transactions  500eur to not be in cash . 
  all in all , i 'm not sure this was not all planned , or that it 's a bad thing . 
  making assumptions about other people based on a comment is racist , too . 
   discriminating against foreigners based on their beliefs is perfectly reasonable wat, 
  frankly , it 's for the best to keep them in swe . 
  back in afghanistan , they can continue doing this with impunity . 
  i m not sure how i m supposed to interpret this . 
  bad women by country ? 
  does it matter what you like ? 
  they can also leave sweden to avoid conscription, 
  what about taxes ? 
  contrary to the common trope , rights are defined , not godsent . 
   no one should be forced into military service against their will then they will soon be forced to change nationality . 
  lottery is probably the worst idea ever , and it 's very counter to the military spirit . 
  this is unfortunately the best european humor we could find, 
  top row , third from the right , thats mine . 
  i felt the same about that picture of that poor dead child in turkey, 
  so , the us billionaire who helped back brexit was mark zuckerberg . 
  yes that 's totally what i said . 
  thank you for caring so much though you sound very considerate . 
  it 's a treehouse ( well , inverted ) . 
  even if it doesnt make much oxygen , it better on the eye than concrete . 
  i wonder who will live in those chinese towers though , since it seems those big plants will need a lot of maintainance . 
  smarter than us , apparently, 
   but just like russia , britain has a deep psychological disconnect there is also the south-north disconnect , the eastern states etc. 
  just because much of the eu is currently bound economically to germany does n't mean there 's some kind of syncretism . 
  there is no psychological `` core europe '' . 
  also , when was that `` longest time '' that britain did not meddle in continental affairs ? 
  the commonwealth includes european countries as well . 
  i wonder if the white knights of reddit would have the balls to say that to her husband . 
   but to change society in a way so they are n't forced to wear it anymore . 
  germany has blasphemy laws . 
  one would like to go out and make fun of those ugly walking bodybags , but they could prosecuted . 
  i would also like to say that as a true liberal i support the right of people to hold slaves . 
  no christian isis yet, 
  wow , an even stupider reply than i expected . 
  i 'm not in favor of the ban , but anyone here who says that this restricts the freedom of those women is delusional . 
  i mean , just look at what they have to wear , and convince me it 's just their edgy fashion sense . 
  perhaps if the left managed to shake off its cognitive dissonance it would attract more people . 
  i like how the muslim leaders are trolling gullible westerners . 
  i wish they went a little further : all men who visit islamic leaders should be circumcized . 
  on live tv . 
  would be a lot more fun to watch . 
  i do n't understand how the alternatives make any sense 1 . 
  do n't bomb germany , so they are less devastated 2 . 
  compensate west germany for the atrocities they created more than someone who was on your ( winning ) side , even though they are a richer country, 
  implying that greece was richer than germany before or after the war ? 
   far less devastation than germany . 
  lies . 
  not that it 's a contest . 
  can we leave the past behind ? 
  this is usually the military , who try to inflate nationalist sentiments to maintain their important place in the politics of turkey . 
  i think we need to start treating them with relative indifference , they constantly do these shit shows where they wave their flags next to rocks with goats ( at best ; this one doesnt even have any ) . 
  the whole pissing contest costs us money . 
  we should also demand that our european partners be more upfront about their support of protection of eu 's external borders . 
  what i 'm mostly surprised is : why has n't this become a movie yet ? 
  greece has a debt problem , but the longer term , more pernicious problem is demographics . 
  the working age population of greece already started declining in 2010 . 
  the general population has peaked long ago as well . 
  we have become a nation of pensioners , in which politicians openly admit that pensions are supposed to cover the elderly and their children 's families . 
  in this gerontocracy , there is no long-term plan for the country , other than begging for debt relief and increasing taxes forever in order to cover pensions . 
  unfortunately debt relief wo n't be the catharsis that people think it is . 
  unless a long-term plan is put to place in which greece will decide which cog of the global economy it wants to be , this will end up a tragedy without catharsis . 
  you must be new here, 
  this is a nice lecture about why sweden fails to integrate immigrants - by an immigrant lecturer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmt8zksp9xe, 
  they must have written the article about me . 
  so glad i m an anti-religious person . 
  fuck religion . 
  they also built a massive wall , fortifications , a fortress , arsenal , fountains etc etc. 
  most of what is beautiful in the city was built at that time . 
  which means our gdp is like ~ 10 % more than it looks , so out debt/gdp is like ~ 157 % * only * . 
  probably true , given that eu has no substantial vetting of immigrants . 
  that said , what happened to the [ misleading ] flair on this ? 
  please put it back , i wan na be misled . 
   a new radical islamic terrorist has just attacked in louvre museum in paris . 
  tourists were locked down . 
  france on edge again . 
  get smart u.s. 
   except if you 're a wanted criminal or something . 
  thats a damn good idea, 
  they 're not crazy . 
  how else do you expect them to change ( i believe they do have to change a bit ), 
  the eec started before neoliberalism , but it is true that eu consolidated in neoliberal times . 
  the real test for the eu is to withstand under different economic politics , that will show whether the project has real roots or not . 
  oh great . 
  it will definitely happen because guy said it . 
  the problem is that the natives of the country do not talk to those people , i think . 
  i think the secret plan is to cause outrage , so that non-muslims start wearing niqabs , so that the muslims get mad and stop wearing them . 
  reverse-reverse psychology, 
  any austrians here ? 
  do you often see these veils ? 
  in ancient greek , the name of the letter was written \u03bc\u1fe6 and pronounced [ m\u0177\u02d0 ] says wiki https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mu_ ( letter ), 
  indeed in the greek alphabet \u03bc is read as mee , not miu, 
  most politics is propaganda, 
  i do n't think you can rely only on that ( and brexit and trump have not failed , yet ) . 
  the alternatives to lepen must become persuasive with economic arguments . 
  she is smart , positioning herself economically to the left rather , but still as a nationalist protectionist party .
