  i think they did , but they thought no big deal of them because back in their countries these are tolerated . 
  a better punishment would be to force them to live for 6 months as part of a local family , away from their ghettos . 
  europe should start a war on ghettos if we want social peace . 
  so many things going crazy these days over there . 
  i think they should admit that prince george is the most agreeable candidate . 
  and the quota would be 50 % , right ? 
  technically , ` euroscepticism ' would be the idea that eu doesnt have a reason to exist at all . 
  but you are correct about continental skepticism against `` ever closer union '' . 
  it 's a different kind of skepticism , and one that is worth having a europe-wide discussion about . 
  most europeans agree that eu in its current form is a great thing to have . 
  the question of whether we should have more integration and how has not been addressed systematically , imho . 
   the democratic will of the people was ignored by the greek government ftfy, 
  in general the eu is doing fine as well , no doubt about it , despite grievances here and there . 
  ask a candidate country 's citizens for this , e.g. 
  turkey . 
  news for you nigel , we are now competitors . 
  we should not let this idiot buy his way into the eu market again . 
  you 'll be surprised ; we 'll find people who live particularly lavish lifestyles in this list . 
  unfortunately , you do n't account for the fact that greeks have the best know-how about tax evasion in europe . 
  most of these people have already passed their possessions to their mother , grandmother , children , sisters , uncles and godfathers , so that the state can no longer confiscate their property . 
  also , many of them are awaiting for a trial , but the justice system is so slow that it may take decades until their property is confiscated . 
  that said , this is not going to move the needle for tax collection . 
  it has happened before ( with lists of offshore bank accounts ) . 
  apart from initial gossip material , not much benefit . 
  eu agencies are not really under the oversight of the state , they are essentially brussels bureaucrats that do not live in brussels . 
  we need an international city in europe ( one where you can get by speaking english , without needing to learn the local language ), 
  one thing i will not miss is the myriad intricacies and oddities of the british kingdom ( as well as their royalty ) . 
  for all intents and purposes scotland is a modern european country , ready to join on moment 's notice . 
  i think most people in europe did not realize how extreme the feelings were in this referendum . 
  apparently it became a poll about immigration and the eu was scapegoated for any conceivable ailment . 
  i hope the initial shock passes soon , it is not the end of the world , but a probably unnecessary or premature period of readjustment . 
  no , but it would become less attractive option for eu nationals , as you would need a work visa or equivalent , there would be different taxation schemes , import duties etc. 
   as long as you are white and christian . 
  lol they why did they quit the eu and not the un ? 
  to be clear , greece is not ( yet ) a rubble . 
  what you are seeing are the stubbornly kicking middle class in greece that is used to having their lazy ass coddled and protected . 
  it 's going to take a generation shift for this cancer to end , but greece has overall good prospects . 
  greece has high costs , and a high percentage of population that are farmers . 
  it 's inevitable they 'll be displaced . 
  its a necessary readjustment , milking cows is not exactly a recipe for a growth economy . 
  i would like to see a plan from eurozone to return greece to drachma . 
  i was from the start a proponent of the idea of an orderly grexit that is followed by a good solidarity package to avoid food/drug shortages . 
  unfortunately each ` memorandum ' is just another kick of the can down the road , and the greek public is immature enough to believe that populist governments are going to act responsibly . 
  we do n't have a credible politician to initiate the move here , that 's why we need a euro-initiated movement for grexit . 
  i am sick and tired of waiting for people around me to wake up from their perpetual euro-fueled mass hypnosis . 
  i am greek . 
  germany . 
  no thanks . 
  europe 's national armies are the better equivalent of american 's `` right to bear arms '' . 
  let 's keep each other in check rather than create something that can lead to totalitarianism . 
  as others mentioned , the source was a flawed study that has been removed by pew . 
  eventhough this is from an admitedly flawed study , it doesnt really count unless you compare it to the perceived population of other religions . 
  in general people have better things to do than memorizing censuses , so yes , they will be easily swayed . 
  the fact remains that violent islamist attacks are becoming a pattern . 
  it is also a fact that the countries with the largest muslim population have the most positive attitudes towards them : http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/02/chapter-3-anti-minority-sentiment-not-rising/, 
   if at home you have unlimited mobile data or very cheap mobile data , your operator may apply a safeguard ( fair use ) limit on data use while roaming . 
  if this is the case , the operator will have to inform you in advance about such a limit and have to alert you in case you reach it . 
  that safeguard limit will be high enough to cover most , if not all , of your roaming needs . 
  beyond this threshold , you can continue data roaming , subject to a small charge ( maximum $ 7.70 / gb + vat ; this will decline gradually to reach $ 2.50 / gb as of 2022 ) . 
  tl ; dr : roaming will be free for calls and sms but for data there will only be a predefined amount of free . 
  this is basically a market problem . 
  it should be possible for telcos to consolidate europe-wide , instead of having a subsidiary in each country and for us to have europe-wide contracts . 
  i wonder why this has n't happened and whether it would be considered monopolistic . 
  how is that an immigrant/refugee situation, 
  that 's just distasteful, 
  you italian bastards , you always have more beautiful cities that i have n't visited . 
  i like how zeus is wearing those flowers , like some kind of hippie . 
  every self-respecting city does this . 
  of course , athens is a cement chaos so there is not much to preserve , but still , you can contain tall buildings to a separate part of town ( like la defense ) . 
  can literally every apartment become an airbnb ? 
  i am sure the netherlands has some requirements . 
  airbnb creates a lot of value by covering legitimate market shortages . 
  uber is different , they basically want to undercut a market that has no shortages . 
  but in this case the court cited unfair competition , not labor laws . 
  uber is an odd sv company . 
  they only really add value in places that are not covered well by transportation services . 
  unlike the us , europe generally has good transportation services . 
  uber is using its vc money to drop the prices of its rides , which is plain anticompetitive behavior . 
  it also does every trick in the book to claim that its drivers are self-employed , even though it all falls in a grey area . 
  their job seems to be more `` destroying protectionist regulations '' rather than , you know , offering rides . 
  i 'm a proponent of free markets , but i think uber is not proponent of free and fair competition , so i m not sure whether i would support it . 
  i have never used an uber in europe so i do n't know what value they add ( ed ) . 
  uber creates value wherever the taxi system is bad , airbnb allows people to stay in places where it was just not possible before . 
  otoh , in places that are well served by existing transportation services , uber is unfair competition because it uses its vc money to artificially lower the prices of rides . 
  that 's not disruption , it 's plain anticompetitive behavior . 
  except i wasnt talking about islam , but about what you see in that documentary . 
  no , the talk was about a real rape culture in some parts of pakistan . 
  it was about this documentary : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btltrt_wa0m&amp;t=1s also , how is a ( misguided ) claim that `` x is a rape culture '' an offense or hate speech ? 
  ( assuming a non-authoritarian country ), 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europemeta/comments/5kkmrj/reurope_modding_and_double_standards/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europemeta/comments/5ifi9l/uneven_handling_of_local_news_criterion/dba6nc6/ ( everything in that thread is deleted , i dont know if it was a mod or the user himself ), 
  i would n't call today 's europe ambitious . 
  tbh germans seem to be the only eurofederalists , that 's suspicious . 
  there 's hunger for power grabs , that 's not an ambition for europe . 
   there is no one attacking the eu . 
  that 's probably not an accident . 
  its a consequence of the large nato presence . 
  otherwise how would you explain the fact that eu accepts that [ one of its members ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_cyprus_and_the_european_union ) remains half-occupied ? 
  is it because turkey is such an indispensable ally to the eu ? 
  no , it 's because they are an indispensable ally to the us . 
   he is pro remain [ debatable ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/08/jeremy-corbyn-sabotaged-the-pro-eu-campaign-and-is-doing-much-wo/ ),
