  very few ppl know what a ` stellerator ' is, 
  in industry and commerce , the metric system is universally used ; globalization requires that . 
  it 's only the consumer-facing side of things that is stuck with the imperial system in the us . 
  the cost to keep it is not big enough to justify changing it . 
  that , inertia , and some sort of pride is what keeps the imperial units in use . 
  wow i 'd never heard of them . 
   bitching about the internet being anglo-dominated bitching ? 
  no , i merely stated the obvious . 
  i could bitch about the imperial unit system , which is objectively dysfunctional  yet they 've contributed a huge part of the computer/internet revolution citation needed , in fact that 's not true : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_internet_pioneers that is not to say that british are not great scientists with momentous contributions . 
  it 's just that this entire conversation is unpleasant the internet being anglo-dominated does n't have to do with the fact that it was invented in america . 
  english is the lingua franca . 
  even if it was invented in korea , it would still become anglo-dominated . 
  we have n't exactly started talking japanese because we buy japanese cars, 
  technology is part and parcel of being a world leading superpower . 
  always been like that , always will . 
  are you trying to pin it down to genes ? 
  as if ` invention ' is parthenogenesis . 
  everyone stands on the shoulders of someone else . 
  this discussion is pointless , and i only replied jokingly, 
  she 's too hot, 
  [ louis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_pouzin ) would disagree, 
  so , when is the movie coming out ? 
  this just in : yields of energy futures in the time dimension mysteriously plummet overnight . 
  more as this story develops, 
  exploited , as in ` making more money than the countries they were born in ' ? 
  i suppose they had not yet invented surveys in 1980 ^ / s, 
  our right hand is usually on the wheel anyway . 
  only switch to the other hand when changing gears . 
  plus , come on , self driving cars and all ... 
  we should put those clauses in their brexit deal . 
  so like , they turned them around ? 
  ^ joking, 
  of course they 're not . 
  and the fact that the internet is dominated by anglo-media makes it worse every day . 
  i was surprised to find out the other day that euronews is owned by an egyptian [ mogul ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euronews#acquisition_by_naguib_sawiris ) , and is no longer a collaborative project of ebu . 
  i think the members of ebu should have made that widely known . 
  true to greek tradition , i borrow energy from the future, 
  but who will power our ginormous spaceships ? 
  looks like a baby sonogram, 
  i thought they were done voting trump, 
  thats why people get mad . 
  govts keep bailing out banks 8 years after the crisis . 
  who s gon na bail out the people ? 
  the video explains the various subsystems . 
  im not sure its the most complex , but arguably the most difficult , because you have to manage almos impossible compromises ( eg sun temperatures next to absolute zero ), 
  only just a little . 
  the stellerator works but not the [ corrected : sustainable ] fusion, 
  ecb is central, 
  accept ? 
  what are they gon na do , another referendum ? 
  what does greece have to do with this ? 
  deport them where ? 
  thats not the same as `` working to reduce their numbers '', 
  linear a and linear b share symbols but they are not the same . 
  linear a is undeciphered . 
  linear b was used to write mycenean greek . 
  but the letters of the classical greek alphabet come from the phoenicean alphabet , not from minoans . 
  as for the myths , the mycenaens/greeks saw minoans as rivals or enemies . 
  that 's why their stories about the minoans are less than flattering ( man-eating minotaur etc ) . 
  well pity . 
  the minoans were amazing !, 
  more like the two were approximately contemporary . 
  minoans traded with egyptians , but were also exceptionally unique . 
  are they overlooked ? 
  i think they 're pretty well known, 
  because there was no continuity and there are many unresolved mysteries about [ the minoan civilization ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56oploeqcrs&amp;t=458s ) . 
  the response to studies varies a lot depeending on social attitudes . 
  in the most progressive/tolerant regions , its ~ 5 % , so in an ideal totally tolerant world the percentage would be < 10 %, 
  i m happy for lgbt and imma let them finish , but at this point same sex marriage is just a matter of time anywhere . 
  i wonder how long it can be celebrated as the pinnacle of social progress ( it affects 5 % of the pop . ) . 
  it 's time to move on to other issues . 
  i promise we no longer have woman-raping bulls here , you 'll be safe . 
  lol he probably couldnt quit his old hobby, 
  i admit i dont know much about politics in france , but am judging from the politics in debtridden countries ( greece/spain/italy ) and what happened in uk/us . 
  the french may be different, 
  i think i misunderstood your comment . 
  anyway , in no way should / europe and / thedonald be held to the same standards . 
  this is a public , default subreddit without any official agenda . 
  not really , most countries in the world have this asymmetric relationship , the eu is the exception . 
  and a move that shows that eu is willing to keep the `` good '' immigrants will appease some xenophobes in the continent . 
  this will set a precedent . 
  eu citizenship is now a coveted asset . 
  why do n't we give it to any citizen of the world who wants it , under certain criteria ? 
  some countries like spain or cyprus or greece already offer this to rich foreigners who invest in their countries . 
  this will make eu the first truly global government entity . 
  try harder malta , you will never reach the glory of mykonos !, 
  does that prevent him from running for office ? 
  you make good points about what * not * to tell them . 
  people want to change the establishment because it doesnt serve the majority , and changing the establishment is a healthy thing in democracy . 
  unfortunately , the only ones who support that now are populists with racist overtones or with ultra-left totalitarian overtones ( syriza ) . 
  you need new centrists with sensible policies ( against illegal immigration for example , or in favor of policies to assimilate immigrants , or in favor of corporations paying their share taxes ) who can provide a credible narrative to moderate people . 
  the current establishment is so unwilling to change they ca n't even accept basic reason like `` illegal immigration is illegal '' . 
  i do n't think putting lipstick on the establishment ( fillon ) is going to work either . 
  here 's the thing : the bulk of people who support populism in europe are not balls-to-the-wall racists , most of them are moderates who are wary of immigration . 
  what he said is `` we will make sure there are less moroccans in nl '' . 
  if he was smart , he should have come out and say he is referring to illegal immigrants only . 
  saying you will reduce the number of moroccans is frightening tbh , and shows he is an 1-issue old-school racist . 
  that 's not what worked for farage or trump ( or even lepen for that matter ) . 
  i supported trump vs clinton , because his foreign policy was less war . 
  should i be banned ?
