  oh the way to eu ? 
  bulgaria is much closer, 
  who would come to greece if we werent in the eu ? 
  frontex was here , but i do n't think they did much until the turkey deal came along, 
  i m against the ban, 
  i m not conflating them . 
  we have plenty of pakistanis , afghans , syrians etc who do n't want to work here . 
  they 're only passing by . 
  they will just keep trying to go to germany, 
  she 'll find herself against a wall of populists that will want none of her policies . 
  france has conservative roots ? 
  how about the fact your gdp 's [ been going down since you introduced the euro ] ( https://mishgea.files.wordpress.com/2016/07/decline-and-fall-of-italy.png ) ? 
  kicking us out of the list too early !, 
  fyi , ~ 75 % of greeks prefer the euro . 
  most people think it 's useful for practical reasons , but i think economically it was a disaster for many countries . 
  good good !, 
  keep the production low and the prices high . 
  go olive oil cartel !, 
  we also start late . 
  sometimes into january, 
  juuuust wait while i write a cheque for the royalties ... 
  just finished , thank you !, 
  i 'm sure they 'll be so happy to finally live their myth in greece . 
  who needs lessons , just come to our beaches, 
   proposed banning of face-veils how about trading that with abolition of blasphemy laws ? 
  i mean , she 's of marriageable age, 
  you know , that she has 2 legs , 2 hands , 1 head . . you never know whats hiding in the bag, 
  oh wow i was n't aware, 
  a brexit by any other name is still a brexit . 
  and brexit means brexit . 
  therefore brexit is brexit . 
  all time high wrt to the eu of the past , but nobody seriously asks us e.g. 
  about any of the laws that the commission proposes when was the last time you voted for something that affected you in europe , or when the ep made a difference ? 
  good article , but otoh , the fear of war has been also utilized to pass certain economic reforms that are now unwelcome from many people . 
  it 's this that is pulling the eu apart . 
  do yuropeans believe in nationalistic wars ? 
  i do n't think so , [ we seem to be the least willing to fight for our countries ] ( http://gallup-international.bg/en/publications/2015/220-win-gallup-international%e2%80%99s-global-survey-shows-three-in-five-willing-to-fight-for-their-country ) . 
  and our demographics do n't help . 
  we see greater dangers in immigration outside eu ( in an unfortunate way this syncretism acts against nationalism ) . 
   too many politicians and civil servants are drawn from too narrow a section of society . 
  this has led to the institutions of government being portrayed , sometimes justifiably , as being too close to unaccountable elites and little more than rubber stamps for their demands . 
  this is what 's causing the rise of populists , left and right , the racism and nationalism are the side-effects of this growing discontent . 
  omg what a fucking revelation !, 
  its funny how every statement from either side gets 1-2 articles published , even if they say the same thing every week , and there is literally zero progress . 
  brexit is brexit is brexit is brexit . 
  yes we used to hear a lot about lampedusa, 
  the publicitly around this probably helps her, 
  is it hard to learn swimming as an adult ? 
  it 's not `` going swimming '' , it 's abuot doing what your classmates do in class . 
  maybe one day they 'll have an elect non-swimming class , but until then they should do what the school program says ; it 's about not discriminating against the other students . 
  that slippery slope means religious people could not be hired in most of jobs or take public office, 
  how does it make sense ? 
  `` muh religion does not allow collecting interest on payments '' is not a valid excuse to not pay your debts . 
  religion is not a mental illness or physical ailment . 
  you speak as if it 's not happening already ? 
  illegal immigrant kids are schooled , sometimes informally . 
  tbh i 'd rather they got some education than begin forming gangs . 
  deport them where ? 
  she 's playing the trump card in europe , being as racist as can be , but within what 's legally justifiable . 
  i hate to say it , but if the socialists & right campaigns limit themselves to bashing her racism without offering better alternatives , they 'll lose . 
  same thing was happening to greece btw . 
  though the distances are much smaller . 
  the problem with this thing is it only encourages smugglers to do more of it . 
  their polls are very credible . 
  what we usually did was default or devalue . 
  in any case , greece is an economic basket case . 
  but what about italy , france , spain ? 
  are their growing economies and robust societies strengthening the pillars of eu ? 
  i did not say they either ` good ' or ` bad ', 
  i upvoted you cause you are correct , but you should back it up with data . 
  like this for example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_the_united_states#crime on the other hand , the situation in us is different : there was no huge spike in influx of immigrants due to war , they were economic migrants and they moved into regions where they could be employed . 
  who cares about propagandists themselves, 
  i was never asked if i want censorship in europe . 
  and , judging from the sampling of people on this subreddit , sadly there 's a lot of love for censorship in europe . 
  as a liberal , it 's one of the reasons that brexit worries me . 
  they are not very popular . 
  but yeah most of their european articles would be interesting discussion fodder here, 
  so what ? 
  you think europeans are stupid enough to fall for it ? 
  i thought we took pride in our educated userbase . 
  a free press is enough guarantee to dispel lies . 
  it has worked for centuries, 
   it must be a legit news agency . 
  i did not say that . 
  i explicitly said the opposite . 
  do you read ? 
   do you appear . 
  you keep doing it . 
  remind me who else used to stalk citizens, 
  alt-right ... you probably mean far-right . 
  still i do n't like censorship , that 's far-rights tactics . 
  concern ? 
  i m just making a prediction for the outcome, 
  i watch rt sometimes , they have the odd interesting interview from contrarians , bitcoin activists critics of capitalism etc , max keiser is funny and larry king still does interesting interviews , but the bulk of their news reporting is pro-russian and `` whataboutism '' . 
  i like having their side of things regardless . 
  do we really think that europeans are too stupid to figure out what is blatant propaganda ? 
  no i was pretending to be you, 
  these people know that their message will find fertile ground in europe at this time . 
  maybe the centrist-socialists that still run europe ( and upon whom the eu project hinges ) should realize that their message does not resonate with people anymore , and that if they do n't put forward a brave new face , the populists are coming fast . 
  sure we can ban the rt 's and breitbart 's ( btw these are in much different leagues ) , but if we believe that will solve europe 's social unrest problems , we are colossal idiots .
