  satire is not propaganda , that is a terrible misunderstanding . 
  if satire becomes propaganda , it becomes one-sided , and then it 's no longer satire , its propagandistic comedy . 
  the rest of your sentence is thus misguided  the responses to my justification almost entirely rely on ridiculous and self-defeating worldviews ` ridiculous ' is not an argument . 
  self-defeating has to be proven . 
  i replied to your other comments , but in summary : a ) 1 . it is wrong that satire must make exceptions 2 . it is wrong that only women can be victims or that all women are more likely to be victims because ... women b ) your justification that it 's ` bad satire ' hinges upon ( a ) . 
  the sketch gave me a good laugh ( but the jokes are average ) and gave you a visceral reaction . 
  so it served its purpose well . 
  i give it 3/5 stars . 
  good . 
  you are not proving anything here . 
  look , you are free to mock those who made the show , in fact please do , would be fun . 
  but you seem to have a problem with other people 's opinion . 
  that is * your * problem , not theirs . 
  according to your logic , everyone in isis territory is a victim , why do you just limit it to women ? 
  having testicles does not make one immune to propaganda , coercion , brainwashing etc. 
  and what about those girls who freely and by their own volition chose to travel to syria to join jihad ? 
  considering women victims by default is very misogynistic of you . 
  isis even has a [ female suicide bomber squad ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/12/isis-women-frontline-suicide-bombers ) . 
  i find it averagely good satire . 
  the jokes are `` too obvious '' . 
  but i approve and like the fact that they are being overtly offensive ( even to those ` victims ' ) and fearless . 
  in fact i think we need more of it . 
  satire has been subdued in the past 20 years by corporations that realized its political potential and its vast appeal to the young . 
  it has been distorted by the likes of daily show/colbert report , which started out with good intentions , but over time became a propaganda machine that would increasingly avoid satirizing one part of the political spectrum . 
  when satire did that , it lost it 's legitimacy as a tool of castigating what is bad in society . 
  a referee is bad when he shows bias . 
  also , we live in a time where people are killed for mocking radical islam . 
  satire is not meant to be propaganda , and this skit is not meant to be either . 
  it 's meant to mock and , as tragicomedy , it works . 
  it seems you have a problem that other people like it . 
  looks like you might have a problem with accepting other people 's opinion . 
   with a position i 've carefully justified would be interesting to hear your careful justification, 
   only portrays women , who are a powerless demographic under isis rule you really think that all isis wives are slaves ? 
  some are actively fighting . 
  and i mean that satire is equally incendiary to everyone , its not reserved for the aggressors . 
  satire is meant to sting , sometimes victims need a sting to wake up . 
  i would n't mind if someone satirized trump 's `` victims '' ( supporters ) . 
  victim mocking is not victim * blaming * . 
  beauty is in the eye of the beholder , you are free to dislike it . 
  i do n't go around reading every comment . 
  i 'll give it to you the jokes were not that good , but you 're wrong that its not satirizing isis . 
  not everyone in isis territory is a victim , there are legitimate supporters . 
  and satire does not distinguish victims either . 
  why are victims excluded from satire ? 
   it 's not satirising isis so , you suggest that it satirizes muslims ? 
  you really think most muslims chain their wives , wear suicide vests and attend beheadings ? 
  you must really hate muslims, 
  i think the `` trailer '' is the entire skit . 
  maybe it 's going to be recurring trailers ? 
  would certainly be fun if they made more of this . 
  i found the jokes rather meh . 
  they could do better with these explosive cousinfuckers . 
  where s my burka blowie jokes . 
  there is . 
  youtube comments, 
  do you guys feel like northern-hemispherites ? 
  i know i do !, 
   everyone should read it . 
  is it really that good ? 
  i mean does it have an actual originality factor ? 
   nice hey , nice is ours !, 
   the normal politicians what is normal to you ? 
  that 's nice but the buses [ are not paid by the state ] ( http://www.ktelrodou.gr/en/etairiko-prophil/genika-gia-ktel.html ), 
  i have done this , and it was a lot of money . 
  the downpayment for next year 's taxes is 100 % , so your first year 's profits is held hostage for a year . 
  it shows the disconnect between the government and business in greece . 
  the major problem that the post did n't mention is that you pay sweden-level taxes but you get really shitty services . 
  did you find out where the tax was paid ? 
  european cooperation my ass . 
  that 's intolerance . 
  sure i did . 
  i even created a subreddit, 
  it 's fun to watch / r/europe becoming an echo chamber for imbeciles . 
  keep it up, 
  we need many more immigrants . 
  europeans are now either no-borders-retards or eugenics-nostalgics . 
  bring them all here , and i 'll gladly move to south africa . 
  apparently from the ` journalist ' who wrote this article , that 's all she had : female and muslim . 
  so they are solving an already solved problem in an absurdly irrational way , expecting that their solution `` may benefit from some economies of scale '' . 
  fair , that 's a possible bet , but i would n't even bet 0.01 eur on it . 
  to me there is the bigger issue here of someone squandering public money on his friends ' silly idea . 
  this is the realm of private investment . 
  what a waste of taxpayer money . 
  i pity the french people who paid for this . 
  what inane logic is hidden behind this solution ? 
  how is it not 100 % better and more effective to build the photovoltaics somewhere else ? 
  a solar cell that will be continuously stepped on , smeared , broken , blackened , and shadowed by cars even in a sunny day defies common sense . 
  please someone point me to how they justify this monstrosity . 
   what is the difference ? 
  the difference is that ethno-nationalism does not accept assimilation of other races . 
  you make valid points , but i disagree about the eu , i think it will survive because a ) it 's not a tight union and b ) because there are external threats that are common and will be with us for decades . 
  nice !, 
  well as you know , we are not famous for our cold winter . 
  btw we drink [ tsikoudia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tsikoudia ) here , or wine . 
  no , after, 
   it 's quite difficult to process everyone in the manner you suggest . 
  i do n't think it 's that difficult , but the eu have collectively selected to avoid checks . 
  some countries do it because they simply want to avoid registering them ( so they are not required to take them back ) , and others do it out of some inane , dogmatic `` no borders '' ideology . 
  this is an urgent refugee / immigrant situation that should at the least have led to 1 ) euro-wide police cooperation and 2 ) establishment of proper ( a-la ellis island ) special refugee-processing centers . 
   in the past it 's as if you wish these people had n't stopped being terrorists .
