  yeah true ... might not necessarily have been the us govt . 
  bombing what ? 
  people are taking to the streets . 
  i think it 's a good sign . 
  i would n't be surprised if this coup was supported by foreigners like the us . 
  whatever your view of erdogan he is the lawful leader , army officals are not . 
  this would be the worst time for turkey to destabilize . 
  i hope this ends swiftly and not in a successful coup . 
  this is extremely dangerous for neighboring countries . 
  thanks fir saying that . 
  also , pragmatism tells us that prayers do nothing . 
  how about we discuss solutions instead . 
  i would like to see someone starting a campaign against these stupid pacifiers . 
  please no more avatars and hashtag guys . 
  some muslims see those high-ranking muslim officials as defectors , even . 
  just like how the blacks not longer see obama as ` one of us ' . this is not just about liberal muslims either . 
  the thing is , religious identity politics is becoming a thing in europe , and it is also true that muslims largely live in their bubbles already . 
  they do not identify easily with western parties ( esp . 
  when they are named things like christian democratic union ) . 
  sadly however , muslims are so divided in their own factions that they will never unite politically . 
   that liberal muslims get front and center on the stage is important as well this is something i 've been thinking . 
  muslims in europe should get politicized . 
  having a political party that represents them will give them a voice to be heard and will help to avoid extremes . 
  the french writer houellebecq wrote a novel in which an imaginary muslim party wins the election :  houellebecq insists that submission is absolutely not an islamophobic novel . 
  `` everything returns to order ... the moderate faction manages to control its extremists , which is far from a given at the moment . '' i think he might be onto something . 
  these acts seem so atrocious and misanthropic that it 's hard to fathom how even a blind religion could motivate them . 
  even if it did n't motivate them , however , it certainly gave them a justification and sanctioning . 
  on the other hand , radical or less-radical-but-intolerant islam , which is a rather recent `` invention '' ( past few decades ) , is outright - or sometimes covertly - hostile to western secularism and separation of powers . 
  it 's true that the majority of muslims are tolerant normal people . 
  but what about the sizeable minorities or not-so-much minorities that do not approve many of the western freedoms ? 
  surely they are free to disapprove freedom , but that 's where the dissonance begins . 
  we surely must admit that we have a problem , and it 's the westernization of islam . 
  the fact that it has n't happened in 2 generations of immigrants in western europe is problematic . 
  well of course not . 
  but we also need to take the step from freedom of religion to `` freedom from religion '' . 
  `` freedom of religion '' which steps on other 's people 's lives and incites hatred is also a problem . 
  you need all 3 `` liberte , egalite , fraternite '' to have a functioning society . 
  routinely and autistically invoking absolutisms about freedom does not solve problems . 
  that too !, 
  hehe, 
   one of its core tenets which one ? 
  apparently almost all of them are turks , and turkey has a quite lengthy secular history, 
  from 2001 :  in an interview with the french literary monthly lire , [ french writer m. ] houellebecq attacks islam as `` the stupidest religion . '', 
   the french daily le monde quotes him as saying : `` i had a sort of revelation in the sinai desert , where moses received the ten commandments from god . 
  i suddenly felt a sense of total rejection for all monotheistic religions , including islam ... and the stupidest religion is islam . 
  when one reads the koran , one feels appalled ... 
  appalled . '', 
   houellebecq went on to say of plateforme 's main character , michel , whose partner dies in a terrorist attack and is glad when he learns that a palestinian has also died , that `` i have never personally felt vengeful . 
  but it is quite normal for michel to wish for the deaths of as many muslims as possible ... yes ... yes , vengeance does exist . 
  '' * https://www.theguardian.com/books/2001/sep/06/michelhouellebecq, 
  you are probably projecting america 's problems into france . 
  good luck with hillary , the one who created all this mess . 
  the us already had a war over this , it only made things worse . 
  but they are still our colony . 
  we care . 
  sure . 
  i think it was wrong of a.merkel to pursue an open arms policy so readily . 
  you do n't fix the world 's broken countries by emptying them from the only people who can fix them . 
  i also doubt it saved lives . 
  how many of the thousands of immigrants drowned in the mediterranean would be alive today if they had n't been encouraged to leave . 
  france has the largest percentage of muslim immigrants . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/11/17/5-facts-about-the-muslim-population-in-europe/ i guess it 's a combination of the law large numbers , hitting a critical point in immigration and large percentage of immigrants coming from or in contact with chaotic northern africa . 
  also , germany 's muslims are disproportionately turks . 
  it seems to me the islam of today is not the islam of the past . 
  my grandma still remembered the turks who lived in greece just before they left . 
  despite differences , people did not hate each other , they did not feel that huge disconnect . 
  they even felt sad when they had to be uprooted in the population exchanges that took place in 1922 . 
  unfortunately the rhetoric of islam of today has turned more and more to and anti-western rhetoric . 
  if only it were war . 
  i wish it becomes again a war , between armed soldiers . 
  it 's the attack against the unarmed that makes it so immoral . 
  i agree with what you say , yet it seems the police hunted down the truck in a lot of occasions , and i m sure there was enough police/army there in this day . 
  i ca n't help but think that heavy gunfire could have stopped the truck earlier . 
  unfortunately , as you say attacks are only going to get more unpredictable . 
  there are 2 ways to avert this kind of attacks mass surveillance or mass policing . 
  personally i root for the second . 
  i mean the mass shooting thing . 
  sure , politically motivated terrorism existed in europe , with bombs etc , or with killings of politically-involved people , but indiscriminate targetting from lone suicide-shooters of this kind is new . 
  also , these attacks are nihilistic , they do n't aim to change something politically or socially , pure destruction , which is similar to what most us shootigs are about . 
  i dont know man . 
  police could n't stop a truck for kilometers . 
  perhaps they should have been better armed ? 
  they knew the attacks will only get more and more brutal . 
  it 's a new thing in europe though . 
  am i right to suspect these ` self-radicalized ' individuals are not so self-radicalized ? 
  oh thank fuck . 
  i ve been hearing that for years but find it hard to believe . 
  is that really it ? 
  the reasons are that it 's practiced widely in america so americans do n't have a reason to bomb anyone for it . 
  i do n't find it a-ok . 
  anti-semitism is the hatred of jews , a race . 
  hate of circumcision does not equate hate of the jews . 
  so , no anti-semitism . 
  islamophobia is the fear of a specific religion because of its association with various bad actors . 
  hating circumcision does not equate hating muslims though . 
  so no islamophobia . 
  i will never stop pointing out obvious logic errors . 
  they will just sink the boats so we are then forced to collect them . 
  thats how it works . 
   as it shows the offender the consequences of his actions in this case , i am not sure that the offenders did not know the consequences of their actions .
