  and both are waiting for italy to begin restoring the romans . 
  fran\u00e7ois fillon , the surprise frontrunner in the race for france 's centre-right presidential nomination , first attracted international attention -- and caused domestic consternation -- with a fit of french bashing . 
  on a trip to corsica , shortly after his appointment as nicolas sarkozy 's prime minister in 2007 , he was lending an ear to the grievances of local farmers seeking subsidies when he interjected : `` i am at the helm of a state that 's in a position of bankruptcy , financially . 
  i am at the helm of a state that for 15 years has been in chronic deficit . 
  i am at the helm of a state that has not once passed a balanced budget in 25 years . 
  this ca n't go on . '' this was an unlikely outburst from a man whose demeanour suggests what the french think of as british `` phlegm '' -- perhaps inspired by his welsh wife penelope -- rather than latin volubility . 
  the comments triggered a furore in mr fillon 's camp and were met a few weeks later by a public presidential put-down . 
  this was only the start of a tough , and at times humiliating , five-year term for mr fillon , during which time he earned the epithet `` mr nobody '' . 
  yet mr fillon , an alpinist and amateur racing driver who is a fan of the 24-hour sports car race in his home town of le mans , did not quit -- and still stands by his words . 
  the 62-year-old political insider , who has held several ministerial jobs during a four-decade career , says the corsican episode crystallised his growing concern over france 's economic decline . 
  `` even though speaking of ` bankruptcy ' was not conventional , what i expressed was , for me , a matter of common sense , '' he writes in his book , faire . 
  this straight-talking style has resonated with a french electorate that is shifting to the right and helped him surge to a comfortable lead in the first round of the centre-right primary . 
  the main casualty of mr fillon 's swelling support was mr sarkozy , who was knocked out of the contest , and with it frontline politics . 
  voters also dealt a severe blow to the erstwhile favourite alain jupp\u00e9 , another former prime minister , who finished second with 28 per cent of the votes . 
  in an echo of the anti-establishment wave that took donald trump to the white house , the provincial bourgeoisie in france has sought to send a message to the parisian liberal elite that supported gay marriage legislation in 2013 . 
  it has mobilised on behalf of a gaullist and practising catholic father of five who , they think , will best defend conservative values , contain immigration and restore france 's standing abroad . 
  `` fillon is at the centre of gravity of the traditional right , '' pascal perrineau , a professor at sciences po , says . 
  `` they are normally a quiet bunch , but they have woken up with the gay marriage law . '' if these voters confirm their support in a second round of voting on sunday , france will come closer to having its own `` margaret thatcher moment '' . 
  like the former british premier , mr fillon is far from being an eu enthusiast and favours economic `` shock '' therapy , vowing to cut 500,000 civil service jobs and reduce the welfare state to fund $ 50bn in tax breaks for companies . 
  a free-market revolution would be a novelty in france , a nation built on the idea of a strong state and which is prone to periodic labour unrest . 
  but a significant portion of the rightwing electorate now believes that previous attempts to save the eurozone 's second-largest economy from decline have failed . 
  `` i thought for a long time that the country was difficult to reform , '' mr fillon told the financial times in paris earlier this month . 
  `` but if you show strong determination to the unions , if you use the presidential election to debate those measures and if you implement them quickly after being elected , it 's feasible . '' polls suggest that , as the centre-right 's candidate , he would be well placed to qualify for the presidential runoff next year given the unpopularity of president fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  he would in all likelihood face marine le pen , leader of the far-right national front , and would probably beat her . 
  the provincial bourgeoisie in france has sought to send a message to the parisian liberal elite yet , in a climate of electoral volatility , other scenarios are possible . 
  mr fillon could have a harder time rallying the left against ms le pen than mr jupp\u00e9 , who has developed a milder supply-side platform and holds more liberal views on social issues . 
  mr hollande , who has yet to declare whether he will seek re-election , may also feel that a fillon win would help him unify the left and fend off the presidential ambitions of emmanuel macron , his former prot\u00e9g\u00e9 , who is running as an independent . 
  mr jupp\u00e9 and some of the leading lights of parisian liberal opinion have fought back , attacking mr fillon 's apparent tenderness for russian president vladimir putin . 
  they have also attacked his views on abortion and his plans to restrict gay adoption rights , a central plank of the platform of the influential anti-gay marriage movement , manif pour tous . 
  `` voting for fillon , it 's voting for the reactionary france , manif pour tous , which sent me death treats . 
  the collaborationist france . 
  when are we heading for vichy ? '' tweeted pierre berg\u00e9 , the industrialist and long-time lover of yves saint laurent , now a major shareholder in the daily newspaper le monde . 
  ( mr fillon described mr berg\u00e9 's remarks as `` ridiculous '' . ), 
  jean-christophe cambad\u00e9lis , secretary-general of the socialist party and a hollande loyalist , put it another way : `` fran\u00e7ois fillon 's position , it 's free-market with an axe . '' the writer is the ft 's paris bureau chief, 
  you 're trying to argue your case in a sub that bans submissions from anything than msm . 
  please stop, 
  lol nobody gives a shit about my politics , this sub bans much milder propaganda at the moment, 
  blatant bias before , during and after their elections and character assasinations http://www.marketwatch.com/story/blatant-bias-against-trump-may-hasten-the-end-of-mainstream-media-2016-11-03, 
  she effectively put him in charge of the refugees with that deal, 
  this is be taken as a huge blow to merkel 's strategy . 
  they do not , they are quite proud of their bias at times . 
  but they have some interesting content or documentary that is of good quality , while breitbart only publishes cheap stuff . 
  at this point i consider nytimes a disreputable source and we should consider adding them to the ban list . 
  boris is surely a clown , and surely he can manage to unite eu against him , but replacing him would n't change the underlying problem : what britain wants ( free trade without free movement ) would be a de facto concession by the germans to some imagined uk superiority . 
  it even puts in jeopardy the efta members , as eu is likely to harden its stance on `` either whole menu or none '' . 
  uk is not an empire anymore , and eurozone countries are dependent on german surpluses . 
  theresa 's position is no better : the empty talk about `` brexit means brexit '' and `` the best deal for britain '' is hiding the underlying impossibility of the situation . 
  and corbyn has said very little on the subject . 
  to all the assholes who complain in here : go learn how to make these amazing models yourselves . 
  this guy is from argentina ffs . 
  you should be thankful, 
  it 's a fact ? 
  then its from uortugal, 
  live your myth ... in greece . 
  no , but fyrom is an ethnically heterogeneous state , which means a name that favours one ethnicity is bound to create tensions . 
  the issue is to find a name that wo n't threaten the internal peace in the country . 
  the balkans certainly do n't need another war . 
  the current greek government is the best chance for a compromising solution , as the next one ( conservative ) is unlikely to make any compromises in fear of losing its nationalist supporters . 
  it 's called 23andme , and americans are obsessed with finding the roots of their family ( usually pretty easy , as most go back only a few generations ) . 
  yeah , but it 's plural !, 
  yeah , but it 's plural !, 
  appearances can be deceiving, 
  but sweden is in swidzerland, 
  and 50/10 are american states, 
  if they come back they wont remain alive for long . 
  and who are we to prevent people who want to live miserably from doing so ? 
  we should be giving them free tickets to go there . 
  can you explain why a seems possible but b does not ? 
   a man 's first what about 72 of them ? 
  thanks , we ve been looking for the data !, 
  do they get 72 virgins also ? 
  do women even like virgins ? 
  avant garde isis hope they stay there forever ( until the next bomb i mean ), 
  seems like the rest of europe approves him a lot more than the frenchmen, 
  confused whether i should upboat you, 
  yeah what does this even mean ? 
  the mod doesnt like the title that the author put in their article so for some reason . 
  friend of mine who saw the paper says that the lack of axes labels in their pca graphs is suspicious . 
  there might be some correlation but if it is so tiny it 's not exactly conclusive evidence . 
  cretin : 1770-80 ; < french ; franco-proven\u00e7al creitin , crestin human being , literally , christian ( hence one who is human despite deformities ), 
  i think people protest because he got the maximum possible penalty for his behavior . 
  and it being used by the government as obvious scapegoating . 
  so duolingo will be teaching swedish to swedes . 
  since it 's bound to cause confusion to people with old social norms , this is not a good sentence , is it ? 
  someone should start a ` balls out ' trend, 
  i thought it was also a requirement for the presidency ? 
  what does criminality have to do with ` being natural ' ? 
  almost anything we do in our daily lives is not ` natural ' and almost anything we dont do ( e.g murder ) is . 
  ca n't sue when dead, 
  i thought they were public anyway, 
  rather striangulation , and then thrown down the gemonian stairs to rot . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlq52xlssd0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4pacyjkxic, 
  you 'd place the throne in the palace , it has no place in the forum . 
  how about `` not macedonia '' ? 
  outrageous , sexist , chauvinist , fascist, 
  military band in greece playing rage against the machine http://www.videoman.gr/93851, 
  a little more `` one more time '' was in order . 
  context !, 
  context !, 
  oh , this is twitter,
