  not to ruin your experiments , but i 'd rather we do n't end up having a big enough sample to do this study . 
  tl ; dr : anti-islamists , calm down . 
  anti-immigrants : keep on . 
  suicides peak in the summer . 
  [ edit : and spring ; more info https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seasonal_effects_on_suicide_rates ], 
  maybe we have already seen the worst of it : as things become more certain , the markets may calm down as well . 
  otoh , it 's as if the brits want to fan the fire by not giving a specific brexit date . 
  `` not until the end of the year '' is irresponsibly vague . 
  putin would know that, 
  here 's the plane 's path https://www.flightradar24.com/data/flights/tk8456/#a5a3952 iirc nothing else was moving in the area . 
  screenshots of the path were even shown on tv while erdogan was still considered in an unknown location . 
  what 's interesting is that apparently the newscasters did not believe that the flightradar24 path was real , yet it was . 
  people who followed the path knew he had already landed before it was reported . 
  yeah but if they do n't deny it ... you know, 
  its how we refer to it here . 
  besides , istanbul literally means ` in constantinople ', 
  this is the first official evidence about the fishyness of this coup . 
  the americans could confirm it , i suppose, 
  that is very interesting . 
  i guess the us is still the only place that assimilates foreigners and makes them americans . 
  it 's difficult to apply this model to old countries however . 
  it 's something that 's not discussed often in europe . 
  make your debt great again, 
  nothing wrong with people being patriotic . 
  objectively , turks and americans are very enthusiastic . 
  their obsession with flags is only rivaled by americans . 
  we are all counting on the turks to fix their political situation that is now derailed . 
  despite what reddit thinks , turkey is not a lost case, 
  `` brexit means breeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ... 
  if they start the tactics of pushing it forward , they are setting the ground for a second breferendum in 2 years maybe ? 
   for regime-critical turkish people to leave their country i do n't understand this thinking that says that the default answer any problem today is immigration . 
  how about keeping them there and helping them make their case heard , affect public opinion , and triumph ? 
  that 's also how i figured out barack is an isis terrorist, 
  probably the one worthy revenge would be to give him damnatio memoriae , but with todays sensation-hungry media thats impossible . 
  quite the opposite , the republic was established to be secular . 
   eu will never allow turkey to become a second libyia , iraq , sadly the eu left doesnt wield much military power . 
  of course i hope the us-uk complex wo n't even think to `` democratize '' turkey anytime soon . 
  wow , i wonder how the ugly ones look . 
   build a wall along the greek borders . 
  we 'd have to ask the fish first . 
  eu already includes a `` country '' under `` foreign '' military control , northern cyprus, 
  some of them seem to be doing that for a living . 
  someone needs to make a reddit clone where only 1 post/per thread/per user is allowed . 
  he appears to have been a scumbag who also drank and smoked pot . 
  i think we 're reading too much in these `` religious transformations '' or `` instant radicalization ( what does that even mean ? ) '' . 
  he was a sociopath who , had he been living in france for longer would have probable ended up in jail for something else earlier . 
  i do n't even think that it 's religious zeal that motivates these killers . 
  however , knowing that their actions will be glorified by isis after they 're done , gives them a sense of accomplishment . 
  but how far can he take it ? 
  do n't you think there is a breaking point for turks ? 
  people here seem to consider them brainless sheep in need of a dictator , but i know they are anything but . 
  it seems like a coup is impossible nowadays . 
  40 years ago , a coup could take over tv and media , and from then on it is pretty much over . 
  it 's impossible to take over the media today . 
  it 's a new reality for turkey . 
  turkey 's secularists will have to find a new way to advance their ideas without the military . 
   from everything i read on the internet stop reading the internet, 
  and how would that not lead to civil war ? 
  and replace him with whom ? 
  so if it had succeeded who would you propose as new president ? 
  til that a european country is built by army tanks firing at people . 
  what kind of a political `` culture '' is it that it needs a coup every 20 years to survive ? 
  that is a joke banana democracy . 
  maybe it 's time for turkey to actually become a european country ? 
  to replace him with what ? 
  i would like to see the evidence for that . 
  it might have not been completely staged . 
  i think erdogan must have known about this though , and was prepared . 
  greek army officials reported that they saw army movements hours before the coup . 
  apparently the tv channels did not believe the path was real . 
  from what i understand it was 100 % accurate . 
  the timing matched . 
  can you point to sources about where the killings happened ? 
  i hope the death of this soldiers has not been in vain . 
  the fact that this is the unpopular opinion is alarming . 
  our defense minister weighs like 200 + -5 kg . 
  have some sympathy, 
  eu membership would be one of the biggest guarantees of secularism . 
  the coup might have played a bluff to lure erdogan in istanbul ? 
  it 's a military coup . 
  turkey is already a ( dysfunctional , but better than nothing ) democracy . 
  the military has made similar coups multiple times in the past , because they see themselves as the guardians of the secular ( i.e. 
  they would probably install a military fascist government until democratic order is restored . 
  yes , because everyone can freely vote for the one party . 
  fear not . 
  the boris show has started, 
  wow, 
  what is brave in pitting tanks against unarmed crowds ? 
  curious to know . 
  who could have motivated this ? 
  it does n't look like they had any popular support . 
  it 's so fuckin easy for people from a million miles away to blurt out brain farts about their current swj favorite color . 
  military coup today would mean civil war tomorrow , generalized chaos in a week . 
  the last military junta in my country ended in blood , tears and an invasion . 
  tbh it was doomed from the start . 
  erdogan is hugely popular as it seems . 
  jesus christ what is wrong with redditors tonight . 
  happy with a military junta ? 
  the only good thing might be that erdogan will learn to love the internet . 
  yes it obviously has worked wonderfull has n't it ?
