  knowing how academics work and his adversarial style , i was certain it would be a disaster from the first day he took office . 
  we 've exported him to uk to advise corbyn , i m sure this will end well ... 
  i m sure nothing can go wrong with a parallel currency in an economy . 
  i 've never heard anyone saying that v even suggested to enact his `` plan b '' . 
  he only admitted that he once got a permission to devise one . 
  of course there was something he could do . 
  yeah ok he did not put it directly , although it was implied that it would happen if the negiotations failed . 
  anyway , his plan was a bluff , was n't it ? 
  but the parent comment said the plan you mention had no legs . 
  so it was a bluff . 
  what am i to believe ? 
  but 62 % of the greeks voted to reject it . 
  so he could coopt the people if he wanted . 
  but i doubt he believed in his own plan ( if there was any ), 
  then why the fuck was he bluffing for 6 months ? 
  i suppose it 's what the northerners will call `` warm '' ? 
  as long as he is advising the labour party , teresa is safe . 
  the greek voting base handed him a supportive referendum result , why did he stop ? 
  he made no attempt to enact his plan b , which to most people is testament that there was no ( serious ) plan b. 
   he is very good at looking and sounding intelligent . 
  that 's all you need to get elected nowadays . 
  misleading video title , he was basically quoting from king lear, 
  i can relate, 
  i dont understand why we ca n't protect borders and stabilize libya ? 
  yes that is exactly what i did, 
  cheesemaking is an art that predates history , the greeks , the egyptians etc. 
  in fact the egyptian cheese would be more likely to resemble feta ( since they needed lots of salt to preserve it in the heat ) than the greek cheeses of the time . 
  in general , in an intense trading region like the mediterranean , there is no linear evolution of traditions but constant and parallel exchange . 
  thats not history , its fiction, 
  by zeus , why does every cultular post have to end up with these made-up nationalistic bullshit ? 
  does it occur to you you 're embarrassing yourself ? 
  ( e.g. 
  courgettes are from america ), 
  like most greek food really . 
  though technically it 's some cow 's food . 
  it says produced in germany . 
  [ seems legit ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/place/lofoten/@68.14811,14.2013842,456m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x45dddd8406208565:0xd3f72cba869fa80b!8m2!3d68.4711111!4d13.8636111?hl=en ), 
  does it taste like rubber ? 
  cebit city, 
   and does not take them . 
  are you sure they wo n't ? 
  ( hint : no-one ever tried ) . 
  also , someone should tell those slaves about the libya route to freedom . 
   and lol not manys greeks want to stay and work in greece , either greece has many immigrant workers mostly from the balkans who come to greece seasonally or semi-permanently to work in agriculture or tourism . 
  the greeks who leave greece are generally the well-educated ones , seeking higher wages . 
  please inform yourself . 
  of course i understand an immigrant seeking better employment in welfare germany . 
  but that 's not a refugee . 
  i 'm pretty sure if this year proves to be a repeat of last year , that law will change . 
   we literally ca n't send you mean , we * legally * ca n't . 
  we can damn well literally send them back . 
  and laws can change . 
  even if they are not getting paid , if they are collaborating with smugglers they are accomplices . 
   having the ngos ' phone number and calling them at the launch of the boat with the coordinates how can those ngos sleep at night knowing they have put themselves in such trap ? 
  the solution is to be level-headed, 
  the democratic ones ^ / s, 
  i 've heard that too . 
  in any case , only accountable , transparent organizations should be allowed if europe wants to be serious about this . 
  how do you know this ? 
  [ the italian prosecutor implied there is ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-italy-ngo-iduskbn17p0iv ), 
  they know damn well that they will be picked up just after they go outside territorial waters . 
  often the smugglers deliberately sink the boats and send an sos before the boat gets too far off . 
  smugglers themselves are clearly criminals , but not of the most murderous serial-killer kind that you describe . 
  there is a need , there is demand , they find a way . 
  they [ train and co-opt migrants to travel for free and `` drive '' the boat ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/68ejg8/area_of_operations_of_private_rescue/dgy4mff/ ) . 
  it 's a desperate , tragically sad , and inhumane situation . 
  as the higher moral ground however , the eu is morally responsible for creating this loophole that these criminals exploit . 
   sudan i think parent is referring to italy . 
  most immigrants are looking for ways to get out of italy and to germany or sweden . 
  saudi arabia is a lot less trouble than going to libya , is n't it ? 
  i have hard time believing that they are not economic immigrans , since virtually none of them want to stay and work in greece , par example . 
  you 're arguing with a 4 yo, 
  nobody asked about your opinion either , it 's shit anyways, 
  my comment is below threshold , yet many people keep responding to it . 
  i often make contrarian comments , because this sub is very one-sided . 
  it feel some people may secretly agree with the comment , or else they would not really need to reply . 
  and it 's not like it 's an offensive comment or anything . 
   those desperate people realize that these people do pay ( large sums ) to get in the boats and they are not fleeing from a war in libya ( they could more easily seek refuge in egypt or tunis ), 
  it 's so easy to make fun of the brits nowadays ... let 's talk again in 2 years to see who will be laughing then . 
   is there anything better than that ? 
  yes , they have to take them back to africa ; `` natural selection through immigration survival '' is a very brutal strategy to follow . 
  let 's not fool ourselves , they would not be `` saving lives '' if the smugglers had been stopped early on . 
  if they want to save lives they can go to africa fight the guerillas and build a school . 
  some ngos are supporting a vicious cycle of immigration that is completely against the spirit of the geneva convention , just so their members can feel good about themselves . 
   who think they do a good thing of course they do . 
  but this is way too serious a matter to be used for `` white guilt tears '' . 
  ngos are not governments , nobody elected them and they have no right to play such an outsize role in immigration , a matter that is of utmost importance in democracies . 
  the fact that they even exist would be unthinkable under different circumstances ( we are not at war ) , they merely exist because of the complete paralysis in european politics on the matter . 
   they ca n't enter libyan territorial waters . 
  you 'd need a military intervention for that . 
  as if libya is in a position to even control its waters . 
  europe should have declared an emergency long time ago and established refugee processing centers on the shores of africa . 
  but the unprecedented lack of leadership in europe has led it to complete paralysis . 
  i 'd be very surprised if it is n't once again the americans who will intervene to solve europe 's own problems . 
  sad . 
   we `` just '' need to unfuck libya why ? 
  because europe somehow can not protect its southern border ? 
   why not just provide thousands of weekly free flights from tripoli why free ? 
  these people pay thousands of usd to get into these boats and have the privilege of being sank and rescued ( totally by chance and coincidence , of course ) . 
  i think ngos , other than maybe unhcr , msf and red cross should be completely removed from the mediterranean .
