  really ? 
  i ll go make some sandwiches, 
  what if you smoke for religious purposes ? 
  our family values are close to italy actually . 
  i 'd say we are culturally more close to south of italy than anywhere else . 
  i wonder why ? 
  can u give an example apart from religion ? 
  religious unity maybe , cultural less so , but not historical . 
  another example : tsipras : do you want to accept eu 's deal ? 
  the people : nooooo no no no no 2 months later : tsipras : do you want to vote me to accept an even worse eu 's deal ? 
  the people : yes yes yes `` do you want this ? '', 
  can be a manipulative question . 
  `` do you want me to do this ? '', 
  is the complete question . 
  the parliament is also the will of the people . 
  perhaps elections are the best solution . 
  it would definitely be a bad period for her to die . 
  hang in there elizabeth !, 
  on the other hand , imagine if uk reversed course . 
  would n't that be a huuuge vote of confidence to the eu ? 
  here 's what happens when she kicks the bucket : http://uk.businessinsider.com/what-happens-when-queen-elizabeth-ii-dies-2015-3, 
  the buy button next to communist memorabilia is a ( not - ) nice touch . 
  i was partly talking in jest , but watch out for the bad zermans who might frown upon these rights . 
  i hope you get to enjoy those 2 years , 
  it 's sad that for these people this kind of living is a luxury worth risking your life several times for . 
  however i am glad that they are putting an end to this fairytale . 
  deserting poor countries is not the way forward . 
  my brain hurts ... is n't the flag directly contradictory ? 
  that may be true . 
  however he seems to be shifting the narrative here from `` accept anything '' to `` accept and adapt '' . 
  i will not defend hollande as he 's horribly inept , but i like to see the rhetoric shifting a bit . 
  how is saying that women will adapt to a new culture and change themselves `` multiculturalism '' ? 
  they can also stay in their home countries , but they do n't ... hmmm it must be the money . 
  while your second definition is closer to reality , the first is definitely not close to what western women are . 
  you are comparing an extreme case with an average case, 
  so you admit that the only reason they go to france is free money/benefits . 
   including the choice about what to fucking wear the problem is that it 's not a choice , but enforced by the religious/family environment via threat of ostracization/retaliation . 
  a ) but if there is 1 woman who is being oppressed to wear it , she is the one who needs to be protected , not the `` freely veiled '' ones . 
  democracies protect human rights above all else . 
  b ) i applaud the french for putting forward and discussing the issues , even with unconventional measures like the burkini ban , instead of pretending that nothing is happening , while social hate is building up behind walls . 
  c ) yet rhetoric and argumentation is a better way to come to a european consensus , rather than racist cries all around . 
  ... and i am sure there were many happy slaves in america , they should have kept slavery . 
  i doubt it s easier to prescribe `` arab culture '' than `` islamic culture '', 
  he also said ( sorry my french is terrible ) : `` in a way , if she is offered the conditions for her blossoming , she will release her veil and become a french , all the while being religious if she wants , and capable of carrying an ideal . 
  finally , what is the bet we made ? 
  it 's that woman prefer freedom to enslavement . 
  that the veil may be for her protection , but tomorrow her presence in society will not need to be protected . '', 
  the subject here is freedom . 
  i do n't like hollande myself , but i do n't doubt his liberal values . 
  wearing a veil is not a religion . 
  i disagree . 
  the american way of killing any terrorist they dislike instead of arresting them is less effective . 
  secular democracy should lead by example . 
  i do n't know ; i distrust the markets more than the brexiters . 
  which is not even the question because the problem is not how isis represents islam , but how much muslims represent isis, 
  it is surely one of the best ways to use vr , primarily because it causes very little nausea . 
  you should not tell people what to think or say . 
  that is very disrespectful to muslims , you imply that we need a special kind of propaganda , a specific manipulative approach in order to change the minds of these `` savage muslims '' , and that telling them the truth is wrong . 
  where can someone read the other side , why these muslims ( not all of whom are recent immigrants ) consider themselves a friend of ideologies that are opposite to the countries they live in ? 
  the fact that they are spoiled by over-accomodating immigration policies is surely a factor , but probably not the only one . 
  this is such a big percentage that it becomes unacceptable . 
  these people were supposed to inherit the `` western civilization '' and continue it /, 
  i personally prefer the videos from ancientvine http://www.ancientvine.com/houseofthevine.html, 
  i m deluded too . 
  he doesnt even mention that the reason google and fb go to ireland is because it 's in the eu . 
  there are cheaper and better tax havens outside eu . 
  we 've had enough conflict with them , thank you very much . 
  we 've had a number of crises in the past with both navy and air force . 
  it 's just posturing really , it unlikely there will ever be a conflict between two countries that host large us and nato bases . 
  it was a figure of speech . 
  sorry i forgot to cater for the mentally challenged . 
  there are in all societies a lot of sheep ready to defend the position they are told to defend when it is the only position . 
  that does n't make the position right , and is indeed a cause for greater opposition . 
  and here lies the main reason for resentment . 
  like you said , the brits see the eu as a ` certain political union ' , one of many , one that is replaceable . 
  its the lack of any kind of commitment to the eu project by both brexiters and bremainers that is more annoying imho . 
  hollande needs a vacation with his boy alexis, 
  / / do nothing ? 
  indeed , when the uk does whats best for themselves its right and fair , when eu countries do it , its revenge and hate . 
  it would be a big betrayal if the brits had shown some commitment to the project in the past . 
  however they were always a reluctant participant . 
  it is a betrayal of the `` ever closer union '' clause they had signed into . 
  but maybe in the grand scheme of things it s not a major betrayal . 
  to be honest , you have n't seen nothing yet . 
  brexit negotiations have not started yet . 
  as soon as the real tangible effects become apparent , expect a much bigger shitstorm . 
  i do n't understand why you `` feel you 're not welcome '' , at first because you do n't need to be welcomed , and secondly because everyone is welcome afaik , even though we all face trolling/hate / `` hurtful comments '' . 
  but do n't expect the slap in the face of the idealists who believe in united europe would go unnoticed . 
   what happened to the spirit of europe ? 
  why are we letting lousy politicians and their political errors divide us , the peoples of europe ? 
  remember , it was a referendum , not a politician , and one with high turnout . 
  that is the least of our problems . 
  they incited hatred against the muslim race ? 
  the poor souls are fleeing from the poverty of the balkans, 
  what about their other border up north , that with russia ? 
   `` the important thing about democracy ... right down through the ages the people have always been wiser than the rulers . 
  that 's the saving grace of it . '' the point is what democracy . 
  the virtue of representative democracy is that people have to choose * the people * who will realize their choices . 
  in representative democracies , referenda are indeed a travesty , as they impose a choice often to the wrong people . 
  it 's a travesty ( and not a compromise ) that a remain supporter is now uk head .
