  i wonder what the results would be if the referendum question was `` do you want boris and nigel to lead uk out of eu '' . 
  in any case , referenda are used nowadays as tools by populists ( tsipras , cameron , orban , soon erdogan etc ) . 
  the shift to direct democracy requires changes in constitution ; referenda are not direct democracy . 
  it 's funny , we have that debate in greece these days , as they are pondering to remove religion classes ( mostly eastern orthodox teaching ) from schools , and replace them with `` religious studies '' . 
  i think neither should be part of teaching curriculum , since religion is a private matter . 
   there is none so deaf as he who will not hear thats some deep shit . 
  i hate to bring you disappoiinting news , but since the 60s we 've unfortunately learned more and more about sexual differentiation and how it translates to behavior to know that brains are not gender-indifferent tabulae rasa . 
  you do n't need to go further than wikipedia for the evidence , but i ll just spare you the trouble by giving the links directly : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gender_identity#nature_vs._nurture http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s1521690x07000334 meanwhile , you can enjoy your unfalsifiable superstition . 
   first : it has nothing to do with biology , it 's a sociological theory meaning its amenable to massive revision ( and possibly rebuttal ) as we learn more about how our behavior emerges from our brain ( and thus from our biology ) . 
  what if in 5 years someone finds out the brain cells to talk softly or love pink colors or love men or women ? 
  what if we comes up with a procedure that changes these ` identities ' ? 
  these theories will be as useless as palm reading . 
  * gender theory * itself is indeed constructed ; there is scarce evidence that gender itself is constructed . 
  probably not enough evidence to warrant teaching it to schools . 
  same way with religion ; there is too little evidence it 's true to teach . 
  then maybe we should have neither . 
  representative democracies should ban referenda . 
  they are nothing but a populist 's tool . 
  that we like dancing . 
  then we should all wear hijabs or nobody should . 
  there is also the issue of disclosing religion with that scarf . 
  eu laws for example prevent national id cards from disclosing religion even voluntarily , which the hijab blatantly does . 
  we had a huge church-state spat in my country in the early 2000s for that reason . 
  why should passports be different ? 
  see it another way , its insulting other people 's freedom . 
  i would not be allowed to wear a hijab , not just because i m a man , but also because i m not muslim [ the rules say ` for religious reasons ' ] . 
  thats pure discrimination . 
  donald was right about mexicans . 
  first they came for europe ... 
  no but i believe all shengen countries use biometric passport format, 
  these photos are used for biometrics . 
  besides under a headscarf she could be conceiling a mask . 
  it is also major pseudomoral posturing . 
  if we allow these we will soon have any kind of retarded demand covered by ` but its muh religion ' . 
  an id card should not discriminate on anyone . 
  ( plus in the eu id cards are not allowed to state religion , not even voluntarily , which a headscarf betrays ), 
  now we are moving to retarded territory . 
  your religious rights dont need to step over everyone elses . 
  whats next ? 
  brain surgeries with a hijab on ? 
  are they allowed ??? 
  you mean , i had to get a doctors diagnosis because of my slight lazy eye to get a passport , but these bitches are allowed to wear an entire bag ? 
  and you believe that our future lies in natural selection ? 
  more $ $ $, 
  how rigorous are the rules of hijab ? 
  tbh it can be a very beautiful article of clothing . 
  i 'm all for taking advantage of religious people 's faith for money . 
  one way they may wake up to reality, 
  ok but when you die you cant consent , and others bear the burden of your corpse . 
  it us fair therefore that they have a say . 
  i was lucky to have dinner in its original place in s. giorgio maggiore island in venice where they have a copy on the wall now . 
  the dining room might have been a bit small for this painting ... 
  another gem `` in britain , 28 % of black people are more likely to be exposed to air pollution ... being in closest proximity to the industries causing climate change . '', 
  black lives matter is gon na be fashionable in this year 's oscars i think . 
  first , eu is already subsidizing elsevier 's oa publishing , since most of its grant schemes ( e.g. 
  erc ) require open access publishing , and most scientists still want to publish there . 
  you have to add to that the time spent by scientists ( still paid by eu ) reviewing the papers for free , which is a quite a lot . 
  however i do n't see any rationale behind allowing publishing in for-profit publishers . 
  you offer your reviewing time because you feel it 's your * scientific duty * to referee your fellow scientists . 
  they offer their scientific work for free because they know its * their duty * to disseminate their findings . 
  it is really odd that both of you work to give your services for free to a greedy company that employs a person whose work is essentially to do pr with both of you and to forward emails to each other . 
  for-profit publishing of articles is deeply immoral imho . 
  closed-access is even more , imho . 
  having all scientific literature in oa would allow text mining and machine learning to dive into the papers and find novel relationships that have eluded the human scientists . 
  this is not possible when copyrights are withheld . 
  i think the model of elife is an excellent compromise until we find a new medium that may be better than article publishing . 
  but the train is not moving so clearly they are not in the right track . 
  i downvoted this because it 's not european news . 
   an expensive editorial process please explain to me why the exchange of ~ 10 emails max costs $ 5000 ( the cost that elsevier charges for open access ), 
   they will continue to invest in ireland . 
  what do they invest in ? 
  all the statues are !, 
  you would wear compatible clothes . 
  but yeah we are taught to respect our hosts, 
  when m. houellebecq said years ago the islam is a stupid religion , they put him on trial . 
  today they are living the aftermath . 
  yeah beacause a country is nothing but a welfare jurisdiction . 
  and this will all end well / s, 
  you dream becomes true in many mediterranean beaches . 
  and its not a big deal after all . 
  the hoping was that they would assimilate and within a generation the headscrves would turn to tits out . 
  unfortunately water and oil dont mix, 
   edit : maybe the uk leaving was the kick up the arse you all needed to band together :d yup, 
  it 's this kind of attitude that makes it easier . 
  actually i dont think they need to punish uk at all . 
  they have made the entire blunder themselves . 
  europe has other problems , and seems to be moving along . 
  anglosaxon media have an interest in making it sound as if `` europeans hate us '' , but that 's largely not true ; most europeas really do n't care . 
  the media will try to spin this as much as possible to cover some of the financial losses that brexit is incuring . 
  european press has expressed largely moderate views . 
  unfortunately it 's not written in english so people do n't get to read it as much . 
  ok maybe not reddit , but the media , which affects heavily most of the people seem to be following that line . 
   yes and and any effort to punish the uk for making a choice will boost the pro-eu narrative everywhere . 
  ftfy why would punishing an outsider country be of any relevance to intra-eu relationship ? 
  maybe ireland or sweden want to keep some `` special relationship '' with britain , although doubtful . 
  many of the mainland countries just do n't care, 
  i wonder why he said that . 
  there are no other major anti-eu movements in europe despite the momentum created by brexit . 
  and many europeans prefer an eu without the uk . 
  actually the same goes for border countries .
