  i do n't know how much she can get rid of the far-right past of her party though . 
  open borders , closed coffers, 
   the eu has become less and less popular in the us a lot what you hear about the greek crisis is hyperbole and often used to rattle markets . 
  greek economy is tiny , and it doesnt cause anything to the euro anymore so it 's really not important for the role of euro as reserve currency . 
  it is in the news often because the news is looking for headlines that rattle markets , but the truth is greece has bankrupted , yet it is not felt , precisely because of the safety net of the eu . 
  that said , however , i understand why it makes americans think that eu is a weak institution ; the crisis is generally poorly handled . 
  but the reason it s poorly handled is that eu is not a federal state , it 's a veeery loose political union . 
  i would think americans are more disillusioned by the ( lack of ) direction they see from the germans ( who defacto lead the eu ) . 
  in the end i 'm not sure if the american public cares that much about the eu itself really , and i do n't even think they would wish it to rather be dissolved . 
  i think your diplomats also know that eu membership is a bastion of stability compared to the corrupt/weak governments that some of eu member countries have . 
  btw thanks for your perspective . 
  you seem to get some snarky responses by some bitter people here, 
  is this chart useful ? 
  mayyyybe , i mean , uk is fairly low on the scale , yet they went their own way out of the eu . 
  also , if you look at the global chart , [ the whole of europe is the least willing continent to fight ] ( http://gallup-international.bg/images/fight_0515/1.jpg ) nationalistic wars ( atm ) . 
  all those forts you 've been posting about this week ? 
  yes , they re all tourist attractions . 
  well cern is in switzerland , but in any case , i dont see how this will not be settled . 
  scientists are coveted immigrants , they are the ones everyone wants to have . 
  so , none, 
  and the oscar goes to ? 
  so some people trying to push an agenda are using the news to `` artificially '' boost their agenda . 
  is there anything newsworthy about it ? 
  what exactly is ` artificially ' promoting an idea ( however misguided you may think it is ? ) . 
  what is the `` natural '' way to ` boost ' an ideology ? 
  or , even worse , what is a `` natural '' ideology ? 
  but the unraveling of the republic had gone on for about a century by then . 
  and rome was not a democracy . 
  neither was athens in the modern sense . 
  there is a lot of evidence that [ modern democracies are considered resilient , even though that is a contested ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_consolidation ) . 
  - did democracy survive ? 
  how could it survive an external conquest ? 
  that 's the entire point of the conquest . 
  while roman republic ( to the extent it was a democracy ) did transition to something more authoritarian , this took about a century , and athens was conquered . 
  their flirting with arabs does not go so well does it ? 
  israel is a single entity and easier as an ally, 
   europe should try to align itself more with china . 
  no we really should not . 
  that is either thoughtless or frightening . 
  europe passed its authoritarian stage many decades and generations ago . 
  aligning with china is literally `` going back to the past '' . 
  this never happens . 
   then will you believe us no because apparently continental governments can not ` believe ' anything , they can only parrot ideologies , dogmas and policies created elsewhere . 
  and that 's what leads to their demise . 
  the author lives in another universe it seems . 
  us & uk command more military power than [ the other wannabe-superpowers combined ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) . 
  and trump has vowed to increase military spending . 
  the world should be afraid of a second imperialist era , not isolationanism . 
  the cat is out of the bag . 
  brexit is now a reality in public opinion , and eu will have to actively lure uk back inside . 
  i do n't see anyone willing to do that . 
  i 'm not in the uk so i do n't know what u people think , but even the europeans have come to terms with brexit it seems . 
  at best , parliament will reject it , but there is no way brexit will be stopped . 
  there will be elections . 
  the public opinion will lean more towards brexit than they did in june . 
  the initial scare and violent market reaction has passed and there are even less arguments for bremain this time . 
   as expected yes i thought that was expected , no ? 
  besides theresa said she would go to parliament anyway . 
  even if parliament says no , i dont think brexit will be stopped , elections will be in order . 
   they 'll hand this vote to a ton of people , none of whom will actually really be ` responsible ' for the vote failing thats the definition of democracy for centuries . 
  believe it or not , it actually works and makes the world a lot more peaceful . 
  based on the current state of the union , i prefer the [ song for the unificaiton of europe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ljeqafyjgq ), 
  i 'm not . 
  nazi germany was pretty `` scientific '', 
  this is totally not local news , and in no way pushing an agenda . 
  maybe because it is n't, 
  so suppose trump does some terrible shit . 
  would juncker fight against calexit if they went for it ? 
  kind of a childish remark . 
  americans have well separated state and religion ( and probably have higher religious diversity than any european state ) . 
  presidents use the bible to appeal to the bible belt and other religious communities . 
  same happens in many countries in europe . 
  some european countries ( like mine ) still have not well separated state-religion . 
  come on u dont know the story ? 
  the single market was in an ltr with a lady from across the channel ( yes , she 's gay , get over it ) . 
  they 've been together for 24 fuckin years !, 
  but the other lady went on her midlife crisis and complained about money , about their adopted children and after a final `` we need to talk '' moment , decided to `` take some time alone '' . 
  so the single market is single again !, 
  yes , definitely the uk is overwhelmingly xenophobic and intolerant . 
  i think you forgot to post your argument there . 
  why would they ? 
  the eu makes trade easy for everyone and the extra benefits of membership are only for those who wish the `` premium package '' , but apparently that ticket is not in high demand . 
  look at ceta , we get free trade with canada , but canada does not have to contribute or follow our rules . 
  i m not dirty, 
  yes but it 's the * good * agenda, 
  that would make me move to uk . 
  yes , lets already start the war of words . 
  there is no point arguing whether she s right or not , the point she makes is she would seek better relationships with russia . 
  the question is whats the benefit for france and whether the french are more pro- or against this position . 
  how do the french here see her position ? 
  i dont think the french people are particularly affected by what happened in crimea, 
   what matters more than doing what the electorate wants is doing what 's best for the citizens of the country literally dictatorship, 
  i dont know if you are being serious , but actually breaking the far-right to its constituents would divide and conquer them . 
  looks like we have them ... https://qz.com/885381/europes-far-right-parties-are-holding-their-first-ever-counter-summit-in-germany/, 
  ok but there is also the option of changing the eu . 
  treaties are sometimes amended . 
  its more complicated . 
  each country has different reasons . 
  we knew that about the uk , but pay attention to france which is on par with them , with the upcoming elections . 
  it 's going to be hard to stop fn .
