  this is way beyond `` one country 's elections '' , there is no point in pretending to be impartial here . 
  i could understand a ban on pro-death-penalty rallies . 
  that would be crazy, 
  do n't disagree about that . 
  i 'm just saying its not uncommon for a state to `` force some worldview '' to its citizens , it happens everywhere ( but hopefully only for basic human rights , e.g. 
  life ) . 
   it goes against german constitution or at least that is the argument they will not be voting to introduce the death penalty in germany , so they are not voting against the german constitution . 
   they just bar them from voting in germany . 
  banning a vote ( that is technically legal otherwise ) would sets a bad precedent about germany . 
  and it 's a completely wrong , passiveaggressive way to send the message . 
  if german people consider the opinion about death penalty to be such a crucial matter , they should require that the votes of those who would vote in a referendum to be public . 
  this would force some people to quit their cognitive dissonance . 
  what i m really worried , is that it would set a precedence about `` democracy not allowed for some matters '' . 
  this should never be done , unless it directly contradicts the constitution of a country ( with which everyone implicitly agrees when born/living in a country ), 
   but forcing one 's worldview on sovereign country 's citizens no , it 's why laws exist . 
  death penalty is banned in germany so voting for it makes you against the law . 
  i agree that dual citizenship sucks , it creates a class of untouchable citizens . 
  there is officially no referendum , so i have to wonder why all these gymnastics in anti-democracy . 
  it 's really none of their business to stop turkish citizens from voting about their country . 
  if they have a message to those turks they should be direct about it : `` if you are going to vote for death penalty you will have consequences in germany . 
  if you want to be a death loving shitbag , you can go do that in your beloved homecountry '' . 
  not letting them vote is a weak , passive-aggressive move . 
  they should instead force them to vote with non-secret ballots . 
  bullshit their citizen 's rights , human rights  right to secret ballot , and that 's the message that should be sent , not that germans hate erdogan 's supporters . 
  where did it start and evolve ? 
   europe needs a 1st amendment . 
  if by europe you mean the eu , it wo n't happen . 
  the americans instituted free speech because `` the freedom of the press is one of the greatest bulwarks of liberty , and can never be restrained but by despotic governments . '', 
  eu as it currently is , is not a voluntary coalition of freethinking citizens , but a government-supported integration project . 
  it relies on governments having an amount of despoticism ( that 's why non-socialist , liberal countries will not integrate well , and indeed uk is leaving ) . 
  america does n't have hate laws , or rather hate laws are extremelely liberal compared to yurop . 
  that 's why they will never get fascism . 
  fascism is a european phenomenon . 
  everyone who is in favor of a federal europe should understand that and learn from what already works . 
  pity that you fall so easily for the propaganda that trump is hitler . 
  supposedly more educated , higher-moral-ground europeans ought to do better than that . 
  exactly, 
  that 's an excellent place to be spied by your neighbours . 
  depends on the city . 
  airbnb turns residential land to commercial . 
  that does not work well in cities that have built a culture around that . 
  it 's indeed great for finding unique accomodation , but if a city decides to exclude them , it 's respectable . 
  i think we need massive anti-religious propaganda . 
  bans and other shit does n't work , propaganda is fought with propaganda . 
  the core enlightenment-european values are incompatible with religiously-organized cultures , no matter how much they try to polish that turd . 
  any ngos want to take up on that ? 
   they all fucking hate eachother , their politics is so much more toxic and volatile than ours . 
  i do n't think so . 
  they are loud , but that 's it . 
  riots in us are far less common than europe , and their bicameral system works well on balance . 
  plot twist , this whole story and this expos\u00e9 was set up by macron 's team ^ ( sponsored by adobe ) ^ ^ tm ^ ^ ( please_buy_photoshop ), 
  oh la la , looking forward to le bistro-gate, 
  they will have to pay higher taxes of course . 
  but , combined with trump 's tax reform , e.g. 
  apple may prefer to tax itself in the us , leaving the eu with nothing . 
  i did n't claim either . 
  btw what is your source ? 
  it appears he was half joking , so its kind of misleading to take what he said seriously ( english is the language most ppl in the eu understand ) . 
  actually thats the reason to make it . 
  any other choice would be trouble . 
  there are mcdonald 's in venice . 
  no kfc ( according to google maps ) they are banning new ones not the existing . 
  i do n't think ( [ hope ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_speech-17-1238_en.htm ) ) he was being serious , as this is a particularly stupid thing to say . 
  he said it jokingly and as a gesture to the french electorate . 
  i should clarify i meant the capital gains tax , not corporate tax , although both vary . 
  ( i think it 's the reason many rich people move to e.g. 
  seattle ), 
   but sweden is more efficient in tax collection . 
  thats the same argument that the incompetent greek government used . 
  `` because we are so stupid we can not even collect taxes , we will raise them so that those citizens that are honest and do pay taxes are punished even more '' . 
  i prefer paninis anyway, 
  i think you re referring to double irish, 
  [ that 's an american receipt . 
  ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/muyyum/4205099659/ ), 
  it 's not only ireland . 
  the netherlands also facilitates such schemes ( and many other eu countries of course , in the past or now ), 
   and then transferring revenue from other countries how is increasing the irish tax rate going to change that ? 
   in belgium you pay more 20 % to hire someone than in netherlands the situation is probably a lot worse in the us , , , the us has n't fallen . 
   cyprus is officially the third largest foreign investor in the russian economy ; most of foreign direct investments from cyprus are in fact , russian capitals hidden offshore for tax and legal protection purposes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus%e2%80%93russia_relations#economic_relations also cyprus has good relationships with russia ( and is orthodox ) , and russian army is patrolling the eastern mediterranean region around syria . 
   for a company to make money it needs clients , these clients are from a country , they need infrastructure , education , healthcare to live and prosper and buy iphones . 
  that 's an argument in favor of sales tax , and against direct taxation . 
  the problem with tax avoidance is that current laws allow companies to be taxed where the company is established . 
  ok bear with my half-arsed ideas : - welfare is primarily a social contract : that one accepts very large redistribution in order to reap the rewards at a later time in their country . 
  but globalization as a libertarian ideal turns countries from `` homes '' to `` hosts '' that are increasingly interchangeable , and in which people are less invested ( as they have other choices ) . 
  this erodes the strength of the welfare contract over time . 
  - looking at the typical welfare state , germany , the funding of the welfare state relies partly on export surplus ( taking advantage of free trade btw ) , meaning that other countries will have to have an export deficit . 
  if all trading countries attempt to create welfare states that needs to be funded this way , they will have to erect trade barriers , so globalization loses . 
  i 'd be interested to read whether globalization is considered compatible with the welfare state . 
  video or it did n't happen, 
   - the companies are n't technically doing anything illegal . 
  it 's mostly tax avoidance , a grey area . 
  that 's what i m saying , make it illegal  the eu actually went against the most egregious companies , telling apple to pay up . 
  however ireland is refusing the money . 
  but apple is not an eu company , so not what macron is talking about  welfare state and the large export countries profit from exports to the rest of the eu to run their welfare states . 
  so depressed activity in eu countries will indirectly affect welfare states too . 
  oh yes of course . 
  though , tbh i do n't know how eu would play if they had to choose between cyprus and erdo-weaponized immigrants . 
  not all of europe is going to be growing at the same pace , just as not all of us does . 
  eu as a whole has a trade surplus and should be focused on increasing that .
