  no , easy access to guns leads to mass shootings . 
  with few exceptions , guns used in mass shootings are bought legally or obtained from a relative or friend who bought them legally . 
  with those possibilities out of reach , there are no mass shootings . 
  my devious plot to murder as many people as possible , foiled by wait times !, 
  despite your sarcasm , i 'm pretty sure that the waiting time of a few months , the four aptitude tests and the need for police approval ( and the cost ) is going to stop people from impulsively getting a gun . 
  when they get it , they 'll have had plenty of time to think about it and had to interact with plenty of people who 've had the opportunity to see if they 're completely bonkers . 
   so like ... all of them ? 
  the ones which have features which seem unnecessary for the animals you say you want to kill wo n't be approved . 
  magazine capacity is also limited . 
   most people do n't , and are background checked anyway . 
  does n't stop the crime . 
  most people are not all people . 
   my attitudes are n't the ones killing people . 
  once again you have misplaced blame . 
  the prevalence of the attitude that the solution to gun violence is more guns is absolutely something that 'll make your problem even worse . 
  you are definitely part of the problem . 
   i gave you evidence of dgu use , you dismissed it . 
  whatever . 
  you gave me unreliable surveys , you had nothing else . 
  such surveys are always susceptible to bias , it 's not just a gun thing , but here the bias seems particularly large to the point where the surveys are pretty damn useless . 
   lightly populated it 'd be the 11th largest state in america , between michigan and new jersey . 
  i 'm guessing those two states probably have a lot more gun violence than sweden does . 
   culturally homogeneous nation lol , that 's one of my favorite dog whistles . 
  when americans give me that , i 'd go on about scandinavia 's cultural diversity , linguistic diversity , large immigrant population , and i always have to go through a few rounds of coy `` but i do n't mean that kind of homogeneity '' before the american dude fesses up and admits that he really means `` low amount of black people '' . 
  if you really want to believe that the amount of black people is the reason america has lots of mass shootings , even more than in countries full of nothing but black people , then sure , whatever . 
   with a strong social safety net i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  mass shooters are not typically impoverished people . 
   you , at the same time , manage to own a very respectable amount of guns but ~ somehow ~ magically avoid the mass shooting plague . 
  yes , because nearly all civilian guns in sweden are hunting rifles , and getting a hunting license requires multiple aptitude tests as well as waiting a few months ( usually ) for your application to go through , and once you get your license , you 're restricted to weapons which are deemed to fit the stated purpose of your license application ( which prevents you from getting your hands on the really school shooty ones using a hunting license ) , you have to store them locked up , `` dgus '' are illegal , and any weapons transported through a public place must be unloaded and if possible disassembled , and there is no gun worshiping culture like in america . 
  you ca n't just drive off and buy a gun at a gun show or wherever when you happen to feel like shooting some people . 
  that `` somehow '' is how we `` somehow '' do it . 
   your apple is nothing like my orange . 
  oh , you 're certainly right about that . 
  for one , people with your attitude towards guns are basically nonexistent here , and thank fuck for that . 
  oh , what 's wrong with `` hemingway '' ? 
  that he said some facts about your poor precious little penis enhancers that you did n't like ? 
  please . 
  there 's nothing `` consistent '' about a rate that fluctuates by over an order of magnitude and any survey of gun owners is going to have the exact same problem so it does n't matter if the nra funds a billion of them - using them to support anything is like claiming that surveys of people 's experiences of alien abductions actually prove alien abductions . 
  ( i guess it 's a `` conspiracy theory '' that people are making shit up in these surveys too , right ? ), 
  find some objective evidence that these magical dgus are actually taking place on a massive scale and get back to me . 
  the only piece of evidence i need that gun control is not a waste of time is that i live in a society where i have the freedom of not having to fear mass shootings , while you live in one where people constantly get massacred in schools , clubs , movie theatres , churches , or wherever else they may go . 
  yet you 're brainwashed enough to think yours has the better approach to guns . 
  pitiful . 
  i have enough experience discussing with gun nuts to know that many of them will happily bend the truth as much as possible to make guns seem like the best thing in the world . 
  but sure , if you do n't want to take my word for it :  in the nspof , respondents were asked whether they fired their guns , and if so , whether they managed to hit the mark . 
  the responses to this item from our 19 `` genuine '' defensive gun users , multiplied by our sampling weights , imply that approximately 132,000 perpetrators were either wounded or killed at the hands of armed civilians in 1994 . 
  that number , it turns out , is just about the same as the total of all people who were shot and killed or received treatment for nonfatal gunshot wounds in an emergency room that year-yet we know that almost all of those are there as a result of criminal assault , suicide attempt , or accident . 
  there is no trace in these official statistics of the wounded assailants . 
  respondents are also asked to report the circumstances under which they were provoked into using their gun . 
  from the nspof , we estimate that 322,000 used a gun to defend against a would-be rapist . 
  but that is more than the total number of rapes and attempted rapes estimated from the best available source , the national crime victimization survey ( ncvs )  similar puzzles are found in kleck and gertz 's findings [ hemenway , 1996 ] our closer examination of the dgu reports in the nspof suggests that almost half of the incidents appear to contain some internal inconsistency , or otherwise do not make sense . 
  we are persuaded that surveys of this sort generate estimates that grossly exaggerate the true number of dgus . 
  the most likely explanation provides an important insight about the limitations of the survey method . 
  http://home.uchicago.edu/ludwigj/papers/jpam_cook_ludwig_hemenway_2007.pdf and no , i do n't particularly want to continue talking about this with you , as i know from experience that gun nuts ca n't be persuaded by actual facts . 
  if you want a circlejerk where people accept nra talking points as fact , i suggest you go to / r/the _ donald \\ . 
  it 's not very hard to understand , buddy . 
  american gun owners report fictional dgus in surveys because they have a rather obvious vested interest in keeping guns legal and a large amount of dgus will make gun rights seem like a good idea . 
  these surveys are meaningless and the estimates varying so massively is a good indicator that the only thing they 're actually measuring is how much gun owners are lying in that particular survey . 
  yep , that paper uses surveys of gun owners that are pretty clearly making shit up as a source . 
  thank you for demonstrating what i was talking about !, 
  only in statistics based on surveys of gun owners that are pretty clearly making shit up . 
  wow , that 's the most extreme cherrypicking i 've ever seen !, 
  well done . 
  also , at the pulse shooting , an armed person was present when the gunman started the attack . 
   mina said a uniformed officer working extra duty initially traded gunfire with the shooter , who officials say was armed with at least two firearms . 
  the organization behind the protest in your picture was called islam4uk and was banned in 2010 . 
  in reality , this is just another quisling organization set up by the kremlin to expand their borders further . 
   it 's too late to have the perfect country you had . 
  the only people who think sweden has ever been a `` perfect country '' are people who have never lived here . 
  you have a very unrealistic view of what this country used to be like . 
  the rules were changed because extremely few foreign students decided to work in sweden after getting their education . 
  however , students from eu countries as well as norway , iceland , liechtenstein and switzerland are still exempt from tuition . 
  can i also avoid testing them for bad chakras or any other imaginary dangers ? 
  the first day of ramadan shifts date every year since it goes by a lunar calendar . 
  when it happens to fall on the finnish independence day , i 'll make sure to send you a pm pointing that out . 
  for anyone wondering , that pic is from before they changed their projection method in 2010 . 
  that projection did not come true . 
  in the actual stats for 2015 , sweden did not drop down to # 25 , it 's actually at # 14 . 
  i 'm sure that a little kid facing bigotry will make sure to look up all the relevant economic statistics to properly decide whether or not they deserve being treated like that . 
  today , the people of scandinavia have moved on to the more civilized [ klapphatt ] ( http://a.bimg.dk/node-images/400/2200x/400884-klaphatten-gr-p-pension--.jpg ) . 
   and 74 % do n't . 
  and most of those who fear would rather refuse to answer than lie i guess . 
  the 74 % who do n't are probably people who tend to agree with putin , you know . 
   where more tatars say that they think that crimea is moving in the wrong direction , but the majority again mostly approve the decision to join russia . 
  that 's because if you say you do not approve , you risk ending up in prison . 
  expressing separatist views is a crime in russia that can be punished by multiple years of imprisonment . 
  well , if you do n't want to believe this law had any effect on the statistics because the rate did n't flatline afterwards , you can go ahead and do that . 
  you said that there was n't a spike , and there rather obviously was a spike . 
  i 'm not sure how i 'm defending rapists by pointing out that there was a spike in rape reports the year the rape law was changed , but i would n't really expect any kind of coherent logic from a / r/the _ donald poster . 
  okay , let me explain this in a more detailed way : during all years except the year when the law changed , the increase was less than 15 % . 
  during the year the law changed , the increase was 66 % . 
  the number 66 is 4.4 times bigger than 15 . 
  that means it 's a very big number compared to the other numbers who are even smaller than 15 !, 
  the word `` spike '' in the context of statistics means that there is an unusually sharp increase . 
  and here we can see that the increase was much larger one year compared to all the other years . 
  that means there was a spike that year . 
  if you still did not understand , please tell me so and i will try to use simpler words to explain this to you . 
  the source says the rape reports saw a 66 % increase that year , in what fucking world is that not a spike ? 
  first of all , that 's a terribly designed map . 
  what the fuck is up with that scale ?
