scandinavia is n't immune to this sort of thing either , street signs with sami writing [ get vandalized ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-xe9fur14u0e/t7z8kuhahxi/aaaaaaaaakq/japreiywcj8/s1600/bod%c3%b8skilt001.jpg ) in the north [ pretty often ] ( http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=78&amp;artikel=4797280 ) . 
  the largest ruling party in sweden for a large part of the 20th century is the social democrats , and the acronym for them is s. sd is the acronym for the sweden democrats , a nationalist party founded in 1988 . 
  who decides what a religion is really about ? 
  not really . 
  that 's how arnstad usually talks . 
  so according to your logic , swedes speculating about how russia could attack sweden should stop worrying because 7 years ago people speculated about how russia could attack ukraine which turned out to actually happen , and that somehow proves that russia is n't dangerous ... ? 
  what ? 
  basically , he 's a guy who 's written a few books about fascism ( which actual historians think are a load of bollocks ) and who appears as a `` historic expert '' very frequently in swedish media despite it being proven a while back that he does n't actually have the history degree he loves bragging about in the media . 
  he mostly appears in various forms of media a lot because of his intense hate for sd , so having him go on about how sd-fascists will murder all immigrants in their sleep if we let them is a convenient way to take a shit on sd while still appearing to be `` neutral '' . 
  ( because they 're just letting `` an expert '' speak ! ), 
  yes , the grand total of 24 artillery units that sweden owns will surely stop the russians dead in their tracks . 
  the swedish army is so tiny , it wo n't be able to mount any kind of effective defense . 
  sweden 's army is absolutely pathetic , far weaker than ukraine . 
  the ukraine scenario could only happen because ukraine was n't in nato . 
  they were n't pursuing nato membership at the time so the notion that russia invaded because of nato is completely false . 
  russia is happy to pounce on any country nearby that seems weak . 
  only nato can protect sweden from russian aggression , we are not strong enough to defend ourselves . 
  no , merely using uncomfortably similar rhetoric . 
  there are other examples of aggressive states justifying conquering neighboring territories in similar ways , but i picked one i thought you 'd be familiar with to hopefully make you realize the implications of your argument that we should just give an aggressive state the territory they want to appease them and improve relations . 
  and yes , i think the right of people to democratically determine their own future is more important than making a corrupt authoritarian state happy . 
  the idea that people 's right to democratically choose to continue living in a territory belonging to a democratic state that they have grown up in and want to remain in should be thrown away in favor of better international relations with a corrupt authoritarian state is utterly despicable . 
  yes , the country where a fascist junta invaded the territory of a democratic state in which the people wanted nothing to do with the invading country was n't the bully . 
  of course not . 
  again , your rhetoric is nothing new . 
  in several speeches after the beginning of ww2 , hitler essentially called poland a bully that tried to oppress the german state and german people . 
  one example of such a speech is here : http://www.speeches-usa.com/transcripts/adolf_hitler-poland.html  in the last six years i had to stand intolerable things from states like poland - nevertheless i sent no ultimatum . 
   germany was a big power and had to look on while a far inferior people of a far inferior state maltreated these germans . 
  i 'm sure you think the uk clings to the falklands islands simply because they want it as a symbol of their glory and to in some way bully argentina and not because the people there want to live in a stable democracy and in the state they know and love instead of a foreign corrupt and aggressive authoritarian state , but i 'm sure some people thought clinging to that small territory that prevented linking east prussia to germany was just as irrational back then . 
  no , really , the rhetoric you 're using is creepily similar to the one used to justify the german claim on the danzig corridor - the border was a relic of earlier times , it 's an `` outpost '' that disturbs their country , there should be a `` special administrative status '' ( that grants both poland and germany the rights to use the seaports among other things ) , and that this was the only way to repair relations between the two nations . 
  there was even a proposed referendum ( where the procedure of referendum would have a strong pro-german bias ) to give the whole thing a sheen of democracy . 
  the argentinian position is even less democratic , since they reject the possibility of a referendum altogether . 
  again , the only argument for argentine 's claim to the falklands is that it is 500 km away from their country ( hell , danzig was closer to berlin than that ) and that it was briefly occupied by the fascist argentinian junta ( that sheltered many nazi war criminals ) . 
  edit : also , i have to add on that the argument that the people of the islands and their feelings towards the home they 've lived on for generations does n't matter because the population is small is pretty damn awful . 
  the islands ca n't support a very large population , it 'll always be small . 
  so you do think countries have the right to take other countries ' territory just because it 's close . 
  well , you 're not the first german to have that opinion , sadly . 
  when an authoritarian government with imperialistic ambitions wants to annex territory from another country and the residents of that territory overwhelmingly rejects it , it 's absolutely not democratic according to any reasonable definition of the word to appease the aggressor by handing it over . 
  the islands have never been argentinian except for a short period of occupation by a fascist government , the islanders have little or no cultural connection to argentine , and none of them identify with argentine in any way . 
  the only thing that justifies an argentinian conquest is that the islands happen to be `` close '' to argentine . 
  ( really , the distance to the mainland is like the distance between berlin and warsaw . ), 
  do you believe countries have the right to take other countries ' territory just because it 's close ? 
  if the answer is `` no '' , there really is no way to justify why the falklands should be part of argentine . 
  yes , but that is not what the specific comment you were replying to was referring to when you responded `` no , it wo n't '' to it , now was it ? 
  the only disingenuous attempt at deflection i see here is from you . 
  the comments you were replying to and saying `` no , it wo n't '' to were however talking about the open borders and the free travel zone being able to remain . 
  the open border enabled by the nordic passport union remains in force despite the varying levels of integration into the eu/schengen in the territories that the union covers ( and despite this level of integration changing every now and then for the territories in the union ) , so i do n't see why the uk/ireland open border would be any different . 
   refugees do n't get permanent asylum in general . 
  it 's only temporary . 
  not in sweden . 
  as of a couple years back , sweden gives asylum seekers permanent permits only . 
  money . 
  the nordic countries are also very irreligious . 
  sure , the nordic cross is basically just a rotated christian cross , but nobody really thinks of it that way anymore . 
  if crimea and donbass had nato bases , do you think russia would have invaded ? 
  it 's organized by a person who 's also involved in the sweden democrats , but not officially organized by the party itself and the organizer has denied that the event itself has anything to do with sd . 
  depicted as a pig for extra antisemitism bonus . 
  wow , look at that flanders/wallonia divide on the map . 
  no , that 's just wikileaks propaganda . 
  he is accused of rape for ( allegedly ) having sex with a sleeping woman . 
  i made a version with the top 10 cities marked : https://i.imgur.com/szaycyw.png, 
  yesterday . 
  it 's a map of most common foreign birth countries , and someone born in yugoslavia during the time when it existed will still have yugoslavia listed as their birth country in swedish statistics . 
  the data has it as bosnia and herzegovina . 
  i forgot about the full name when writing the map 's key , sorry about that . 
  they seem to have connected one british island to argentina . 
  they have n't made any . 
  he 's a suspect of rape for ( allegedly ) having sex with a sleeping woman , not merely for a broken condom . 
  that is what the official investigation says . 
  in some of the subforums , yes , there are lots of racists . 
  you 'd be hard pressed to find any of them in the drugs subforums though ( for example ) not that different from reddit really , where there 's certainly racist-infested subs . 
  that 'd probably be https://www.flashback.org/, 
  by various people . 
  you can find a list here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_alliance, 
  yes , first we [ cause the war in ukraine ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20150309/russia-blames-sweden-for-ukraine-crisis ) , then we bring down netanyahu ... 
  there is no stopping the scandinavian world conspiracy !, 
  good . 
  svt should not be airing extremist propaganda . 
  the greens have been pushing for open borders for a long time and negotiated immigration liberalizations with the former right-wing alliance . 
  he 's not arab , he 's a turk . 
  you might not see much use in worrying about that but the people who run our country do , which is why it 's unlikely that what you propose will happen . 
  just deporting people to some random country in the middle east they do n't have any connection to sounds like it probably violates multiple international laws , and i 've never heard of any country doing this . 
  we 've recently switched from granting permanent to granting temporary ( time-limited ) residence permits which opens the door to deporting those people back to their home countries in the future , which i guess is a small step in that direction . 
  nobody 's getting deported to syria anytime soon , though . 
  he 's not an arab , he 's a turk . 
  the self-hate is nothing new either . 
  for example , i remember that the swedish national anthem was banned on my school since `` it could be misused by racists '' , and that happened over 15 years ago . 
  that 's not something super unique , this `` anti-nationalism '' has been around for decades here . 
   i mean on one hand you have ( for what i heard ) a really good integration system and stuff but still have such problems . 
  we really do n't . 
  the housing situation is completely fucked ( and the dude this article is about certainly did n't do anything to make it better ) , the migration authorities take years to determine people 's status and reach arbitrary decisions in a process that 's complicated yet governed by vague rules , i 've heard firsthand from immigrants about how ineffective sfi is at teaching people swedish , the governmental programs for getting people jobs are a complete joke and the asylum seekers who want to get jobs on their own face arcane legislation . 
  sitting around and collecting the ample welfare is just much easier than fighting the system . 
  what happened is that the reddit demographic which previously had an unrealistic view of sweden as a flawless paradise on earth are finding out that it 's a country with many problems as they 're starting to be exposed to stories about negative things happening here and thus they think there 's been some dramatic change lately when there really has n't . 
  really , if you live here , this shit should be unsurprising as should many of the other negative stories that everyone here seems so astonished by . 
  so as long as the russian occupation of a part of ukraine ( which is smaller than 1/3 , btw ) is ongoing , it 's impossible to have a democratic election and any election held is now suddenly `` a coup '' ? 
  wow , that 's very convenient . 
  does that logic apply to other countries as well ? 
  for example , the republic of ireland claimed that the entire island of ireland was one nation in its constitution up until 1999 . 
  does that mean that every single irish election until then was undemocratic and a coup ? 
  what about all the elections in west germany ? 
  they claimed east germany as part of their nation , and voting did not take place there .
