  why should i take these idiotic politicians seriously when they say that the war can only be solved diplomatically , something proven to be untrue ? 
  anything which drives up russian costs for the war and puts some more `` separatists '' in the ground is a good thing . 
  edit : ahhh , should have seen it coming , a / r/russia poster lmao . 
  at the very , very least give ukraine some decent weaponry to defend itself . 
  some javelins and the proper training to use them would do wonders . 
  if you only want the pros of the eu and not any of the cons you should probably get your country to leave the eu . 
  except that the referendum is n't binding in any way . 
  * south european countries , led by italy ( possibly just italy ) , will start bombing isis in libya unless libya deals with it themselves first . 
  isis will be defeated in libya ( defeated as in they do n't occupy any territory ) and will not be active in libya anymore besides a terrorist attack once in a while . 
  * russia will send `` peacekeepers '' into occupied donbass , occupied donbass to slowly transform into transnistria 2.0 . 
  will completely depend on russia for everything with a declining population every year . 
  * russia and ukraine will start dialogue on a diplomatic solution for crimea . 
  * unrest in the moldovan district of taraclia , local population will demand a deal similar to the one gagauzia already has ( gagauzia has the right to self-determination if moldova would ever unite with romania ) , taraclia will be granted this and will unify with gagauzia into one autonomous region within moldova . 
  * nagorno-karabakh conflict will flare up shortly and turn into a small proxy war between russia and turkey . 
  many deaths but a final peace agreement between armenia and azerbaijan will finally be reached . 
  * more major terrorist attacks across major european cities . 
  at least 4 european countries will all have to deal with terrorist attacks which cause at least 30 + deaths each . 
  reason isis will step up these attacks is due to them starting to lose ground in syria and iraq more rapidly each month . 
  * uk will vote to leave the eu in a somewhat surprising move which will cause scottish pro-independence movements to flare up again , the governments will make a deal for a 2nd binding referendum on scottish independence . 
  * dialogue on a solution around kosovo will intensify , main point of this dialogue will be kosovo seceding some of it 's territory containing a serbian majority in north kosovo to serbia with international recognition in return , including serbia 's . 
  rebels operating a buk system without training , top kek . 
   that russian newspaper is unreliable as fuck are they any that are reliable ? 
  i swear if people keep saying shit like this we 'll just wall off the entire north pole !, 
  did n't even notice !, 
   i , for one , am a proud supporter of vladimir putin - ** because he genuinely does what he thinks is best for his country and to hell with everyone else ** - and that is how a country 's leader should act . 
  adolf hitler also did what he genuinely thought was best for germany and europe and said to hell with everyone else . 
  do you support what hitler and nazi germany in general did ? 
  what is trump 's opinion on russia 's policy in europe ? 
  or nah i feel like after stupid statements like this we should try and get montenegro in asap , just to take the piss . 
  as someone who ca n't do better than stick figures , i 'll take it !, 
  can russia even send them shit ? 
  and with the declining population it will only get worse . 
  * 2004 census : population of 555,357 * 2014 estimate : population of 505,153 a 9,04 % decline in population in 10 years . 
  hopefully russia wont annex it like they did with crimea . 
  finland being in the eu should be enough for russia to not attack , right ? 
  comes from a russian , a country who invades neighboring countries if they wan na leave russia 's sphere of influence and supports assad , someone who think it 's perfectly normal and fine to bomb civilians . 
  i think you do n't understand how many lives the russian governments have ruined and how many more they are ruining on a daily basis . 
  nah , russia took the gamble after countless of warnings , and instead of just barking turkey bit them . 
  that would involve attacking russian troops , then russia will just flip everyone and everything off and launch an invasion into moldova . 
   despite russia basically having done nothing to it you 've got to be kidding . 
  video said to be showing fsa forces destroying a russian rescue helicopter using a tow missile https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ischf-ihjs0, 
  my guess is that a pilot bailing out has absolutely no way to defend himself while mid-air , while someone bailing out of a tank ( or any vehicle for that matter ) could very well have a gun on him/her . 
  apparently the fsa opened fire on the pilot as he was parachuting down . 
  https://twitter.com/charles_lister/status/669137543292653568 that 'd be a war crime due to protocol i  ** article 42 outlaws attacks on pilots and aircrews who are parachuting from an aircraft in distress . 
  ** once they landed in territory controlled by an adverse party , they must be given an opportunity to surrender before being attacked unless it is apparent that they are engaging in a hostile act or attempting to escape . 
  airborne troops who are parachuting from an aircraft , whether in distress or not , are not given the protection afforded by this article and , therefore , may be attacked during their descent . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protocol_i edit : i know that some of you might not think this is any significant as probably all sides in syria have committed multiple war crimes , but possible proof of the fsa committing a war crime against a ** russian ** pilot will most likely lead to an immense response from russia against the fsa . 
  lets also not forget that russia is responsible for thousands of deaths , with the number still increasing , in ukraine . 
  one seems to be confirmed death . 
  [ video , nsfw as it shows the body very clearly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwkuqmgupiw ), 
   ukraine indeed has a chance to avoid dnr/lnr becoming an ossetia . 
  no they do n't . 
  it would mean russia has to voluntarily pull out of donetsk and luhanks , which they wont . 
  minsk 2 was thrown out of the window within an hour after it was signed . 
  literally the first piece of news we got after minsk 2 was signed was that debaltseve was n't included in it according to the `` rebels '' . 
  also do n't act like russia is cooperating , because they clearly are n't . 
  they are n't ceasing fire , weapons are n't being pulled out as agreed and they are n't pulling out their men and equipment . 
   10 - pullout of all foreign armed formations , military equipment , and also mercenaries from the territory of ukraine under osce supervision . 
  disarmament of all illegal groups . 
  the fact that the above was included means minsk 2 ca n't succeed , nobody will expect russia to fully retreat . 
  it also mentions ukraine , while both sides have different opinions on what territory belongs to ukraine and what does n't . 
  from ukraine 's standpoint measure 10 means russia has to pull out of crimea , from russia 's point it obviously does n't . 
  tl ; dr minsk 2 is a failure . 
  or russia could supply people living in the territory they occupy . 
  it 's absolutely laughable that an ukrainian oblast occupied by russia still depends on ukraine while ukraine is fighting an active war with russia . 
  all about macedonia 's name , right ? 
  yeah , during peace . 
  if war would break out between russia and nato one of the biggest battles would be on and around the black sea . 
  when you hide your active military equipment behind civilian infrastructure , your enemy returns fire which kills civilians then yeah you 're responsible . 
  it is n't exactly breaking news that the russians like to hide their artillery and tanks in civilian neighborhoods . 
  the cause of the hate is on russia , not us . 
  what 's happening is pretty much russia 's wet dream . 
  western countries seeking their help in syria , which will end the war in syria sooner which will mean russia can shift their focus back to the war in ukraine ( which is already heating back up again by the way ) even sooner . 
  best case scenario for them the european politicians go full retard and ease or lift sanction entirely also . 
  at least russia does n't have a supply route to their military in moldova anymore ( correct me if i 'm wrong ), 
  well russia has shown to have some problems with maps , specifically when it comes to borders . 
  irrelevant honestly , unless there 's something good enough in it for western europe countries there 's no reason for us to stay . 
  i 'm hoping the czechs will absolutely destroy us so some changes might be made within the knvb . 
  like a representative of the dutch safety board said : it 's pretty amazing that someone is able to disagree with rapport which is n't even published yet . 
  if russia attacks istanbul then moscow would n't exist anymore an hour later . 
  * every former soviet state . 
  no ally of spain will , that 's for sure . 
  then you can also add all countries who have a region similar to catalonia to the list who wo n't support catalonia . 
  i seriously wish that following the shot-down of mh17 we went to war against russian `` separatists '' in east ukraine . 
  sometimes i truly feel that our army is completely useless . 
  instead of defending our very own interests we join wars we do n't necessarily need to . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for bombing terrorist organizations like isis but it 's not like we need to , countries like the us , france , the uk and germany could easily do what we do there . 
  but when 193 dutch civilians die in a war we do n't do shit besides backing some eu sanctions against russia . 
  it imo would have been great if all countries which had citizens aboard on mh17 would have gotten involved in the war , it probably would have been over by now and the only issue remaining regarding ukraine would have been crimea . 
  would be amazing if she can do it . 
  already shrunk to less than an 11 point difference by the way . 
  still very doubtful unfortunately . 
  90.15 % of votes counted , main pro-russian candidate just went under 50 % of the votes , now at 49.77 % . 
  i 'd say that europe is still very much a broken continent . 
  the kosovo issue , occupation of transnistria , crimea , donbas , abkhazia and south ossetia by russia , the ongoing war in ukraine . 
  4 if you also count the german speaking areas as separate from wallonia . 
  sdf are n't rebels at all , they really do n't have feelings either way . 
   all western planes are in syrian airspace illegally . 
  debatable . 
  due to the syrian government 's inability to control it 's own territory and borders a terrorist organization ( isis ) has gained the ability to carry out armed attacks against allies such as iraq and turkey , and terrorist attacks against countries such as france , germany and the united states .
