well , we 've all seen him [ fuck a pig on tv . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhtrvogjrfa ), 
  who made you judge , jury and executioner ? 
  every sleeper cell ( they do exist ) in europe just got a hell of a lot of reinforcements . 
  the moment they start picking and choosing which country they immigrate too they no longer are refugees , they are economic migrants . 
  it 's painfully obvious . 
  we 're not moving into thier countries by the hundreds of thousands . 
  stand tall and proud denmark , if only the rest of europe held this disposition . 
  well , one of the reasons we had to join the uk was because of our failed colonisation of [ panama . 
  [ they miss us ] ( http://www.rfa.org/english/news/china/hong-kong-03142013141313.html ), 
  i stand by my comment . 
  greece provided the modern world we live in and we do n't help them out as much as we should ( to an extent ) but we will literally swallow up every non european refugee there is to offer . 
  cameron is a piece of shit . 
  totally agree , and your last point is a headache . 
  people stick to thier own it 's natural , we do it on holiday and when were oot nd aboot . 
  but when you 're moving that many people to another entire world for them culture shock is going to be an understatement . 
  and then there 's integration ... 
  there is nothing wrong with this . 
  i visited denmark this year and was told by many great honest danes that a lot of the first generation romanian immigrants assimilated well but it is there children ( 2nd generation ) that cause problems and discourse with native danes . 
  and this is what nobody is talking about , you can not expect every single one of these migrants to be a good guy , statistically arabs birth rate is much higher than europeans too . 
  europeans are * going * to be minorities in our own countries very soon and it is considered ` racist ' and ` xenophobic ' by the mainstream media to merely bring any of these aspects of mass immigration up . 
  you have been informed correctly . 
  africa for africans , asia for asians , europe for everybody . 
  haha my comment is an example of why they feel the need for a jewish state ? 
  i must have made quite a provocative comment ... 
  only jews are entitled to a country for thier own people is what this boils down to . 
  she 's done more for them than she has done for the germans . 
  the irish had the potato famine you sick bastard , learn your fucking stereotypes correctly . 
  remember that time your country killed millions of jews pal ? , wurst wurst wurstcunt . 
  racist ? 
  fuck off ya wee poof . 
  `` deluded '' i 'm not the one welcoming hordes of 3rd worlders into my homeland pal . 
  no sane person would welcome the biggest migration since ww2 into a single country , the fact that the people who are against this wave of germanic genocide have taken to burning camps speaks volumes of how strongly they oppose this . 
  how can a govt not take a vote for this ? 
  clearly a lot of people are against . 
  800,000 muslim refugees in one year alone . 
  this will transform germany forever . 
  no effort is being made , of course , to determine these refugees ' adherence to sharia and desire to bring it to their new land . 
  that would be `` islamophobic . '' and then the guilty xenophiles like yourself supporting this . 
  do you seriously think that all of those people are going to assimilate ? 
  you 'll have civil war within a decade . 
  you 'll no doubt be fighting against your own people you loathe so much . 
  that 's not a logical system , so every immigrant has been invited into germany regardless of skill ? 
  this is news to me . 
  you do realise that there are thousands of non europeans arriving in our countries each day ? 
  you do realise that the second generation of immigrants in denmark are killing police and destroying everything they can ? 
  what does it matter , your country is fucked anyway because of people like you xenophiles . 
  '' . . people with german heritage '' syrian refugees were not invited . 
  you 're right . 
  you ca n't blame a host country for having superior standards . 
  we did n't invite these immigrants , they expect too much . 
  honestly mate i 'm not trying to come across as cunty , but i just ca n't see the comparison of the collaseum and auchwitz . 
  the only thing that relates them is that people died there . 
  people did n't visit auchwitz for entertainment during the holocaust were they had a chance of victory , they were put in a shower and gassed until they were dead . 
  and the slaves and gladiators werent a single race of people being exterminated , they were from all over the world that either lost in battle , we 're poor or were paid to fight . 
  the collaseum is a testament of ancient european architecture that is nearly 2000 years old and the death camp is a prison that is n't even a 100 years old . 
  knowing the history of both , i can not ever seeing myself choose to visit a death camp over anything . 
  and find it disturbing that many people disagree . 
  if visiting a death camp relaxes you buddy , god help you . 
  auchwitz or ancient rome ... ... 
  if you choose to visit a death camp over any of the worlds most beautiful attractions i feel sorry for your soul . 
  shall we visit the colleseum in rome , the eiffel tower in france , the ancient pyrimads in egypt ? 
  ... . no lets visit a death camp . 
  we wo n't visit anything else in poland just the death camp and take lots of narcissistic photos of me sonder . 
  an odd choice for a holiday i 've always thought . 
  we 're all glad you approve . 
  i know you 're being facetious but that 's exactly what our countries are importing . 
  expect a lot more vigilante patrols around those areas , if the govt and police are n't doing anything then the men and woman ** will ** . 
  i read somewhere that the german secret service that was investigating those migrants where repeatedly reprimanded by the govt . 
  how fucked is a country when the govt tells the german secret service to stop protecting thier country ? 
  i voted yes ya bawbags !, 
   `` your image of the , as a personification of all bad traits you can think of '' nice strawman argument , i 've literally not said anything about them other than you hold a lot of faith in a foreign people . 
  i 've travelled to 12 countries pal . 
  you honestly have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  whatever keeps you happy , pal . 
  christians are n't shooting and blowing people up over there religious beliefs across he world on a daily basis . 
  what can they actually do ? 
  since they 've been obviously provoked by turkey if they were to attack turkey in any way other than economically it would be declared an act of war , turkey being a nato member we all know how it goes . 
  i love my culture . 
  they can leave their savage culture where they left from . 
  it 's written in their books . 
  i 've read it myself not from a bullshit website online . 
  `` bukhari ( 52:177 ) - allah 's apostle said , `` the hour will not be established until you fight with the jews , and the stone behind which a jew will be hiding will say . 
  `` o muslim !, 
  there is a jew hiding behind me , so kill him . '', 
  either she has no idea that jew hating is one of the teachings of islam or she is just saying this publicly to look like she 's being firm with her new refugees whilst actually doing nothing . 
  most likely the latter, 
  you hold a lot of faith in them which i find delusional . 
  ask the second generation immigrants in britain who exploded 52 people ? 
  i would ask them but they 're all dead ... because they blown themselves up ... . killing 52 british people and injuring over 700 . 
  but do n't worry most muslims are okay , it 's not like we read the news that muslims have shot or blown people up on a daily basis across the world . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  yeah , to work for the red cross and choose not to help certain people , being an aid volunteer is not the job for you . 
  to be honest it 's great to have a pn institution like the red cross to help everybody despite if we do n't like the people they 're helping . 
  if you hold certain beliefs that stop you from doing your job , you should work for another charity . 
  [ congratulations turkey ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vuofadxa6oo ), 
  source ? 
  wether we like refugees or not has nothing to do with the funding of terrorist groups . 
  give it a rest , the only way you 'd get into bother in ireland these days is if you go looking for it . 
  or openly broadcast which side you 're on .
