  upon seeing it for the first time i could almost hear the fandom melting off their couch . 
  sure , there was no dancing in paris scene or booker-with-baby-anna epilogue but to say there was no booker-liz development in bas just sounds untrue to me after seeing that . 
  as for atlas , aside from the fact that he * was * portrayed more robin hoody at the start of ep2 ( `` this ai n't a sportin ' event . 
  put a bullet in her , no need to torture the poor girl . 
  we 're not animals , you know '' ) i think people tend to overrate him a bit . 
  he was never the kind of visionary that ryan was , only ever wanting power for the sake of power , the novel actually shows that rather well with his con man background . 
  calculating ? 
  sure . 
  ambitious ? 
  hell yes . 
  clever ? 
  erm ... not the word i would use for the guy who thought splicing himself beyond recognition to become some monstrous adam-golem was a good idea . 
  once he becomes desperate ( and he was * pretty * desperate to get out of an inescapable prison ) , he cares little for pretenses anymore . 
  he also never thought about tenenbaum being able to neutralize the wyk switch despite knowing her range of expertise and knowledge of suchong 's work pretty damn well . 
  atlas was never all-seeing , and he immediately lost his shit when something did n't exactly happen the way he had planned it . 
  ryan was clever . 
  the luteces were clever . 
  even fink was clever in a sense . 
  atlas is just a glorified thug with good charisma and acting talent . 
  the only thing sticking out of his portrayal was him letting sally go after the finale . 
  but him killing liz after he got what he wanted ? 
  i can very well see him doing that without second thoughts , same as he did ( or attempted to do ) with jack . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that by the time he realized the code was still \u201e just a bunch of gibberish '' , liz had already taken a heavy hit from him and was already half dead . 
  * there 's no progression throughout the dlcs - we simply see a result . 
  * - unless you skipped the entire dream paris scene , this is n't really the case . 
  that 's where she had a 180 , that was the point of the whole ` prelude ' to ep2 , followed by her flashback with her trip back to the world of the living where the luteces patronize the hell out of her . 
  i do n't see how the change could have been implemented in any other way without dragging on too long . 
  i mean , it 's not like changing your mind about a certain thing should take an hour of screentime . 
  she did x thing , she struggled with guilt afterwards ( which we witnessed in a pretty artistic way ) , regretted doing it and turned to do y instead . 
  it did n't have to be more complicated than that . 
  let 's just disagree about atlas ' character there . 
  we 've seen enough of his ambitious business man persona in bio 1 , and by the time of bas that had little relevance in the story since he was rendered pretty much powerless , a lord of inmates . 
  for all his tactics and exploitation of the system 's weak points , he still lost against ryan quite spectacularly . 
  he did n't have to play the benevolent people 's man to motivate his men anymore , everyone would have jumped at any chance to escape a death sentence in that department store . 
  even if we ignore bas , the civil war did n't go well for him either , jack was his last resort and also proved to be his own undoing . 
  overestimating himself and underestimating others is his thing which he is consistent about throughout . 
  not sure what your definition of `` depth '' is for a spineless character we already know and love to hate . 
  should he have played nice with liz ? 
  with his men ? 
  what for ? 
  by this logic , all the other returning characters in bas should be just as fleshed out as they were in the main game , including cohen , ryan and suchong . 
  bas is not a standalone content , it requires you to be familiar with bio 1 to understand its plot and its cast properly . 
  there is no time and there is no need to show something about atlas we already know about him if it does n't directly serve the dlc 's plot . 
  anything that does n't build atlas as the antagonist we hate falls into that category . 
  this is n't his story anymore , nor is it ryan 's or suchong 's . 
  they are merely guest stars , they were never supposed to be more than that . 
  what would you have made him do in that same amount of time , in that same story with a fixed conclusion ( while you ca n't rewrite ep1 at the same time ) ? 
  sorry to say that the scenery is mostly made up , * but * the general view of the other side is still pretty akin to what you can see in the game . 
  even though we had the misfortune to arrive when the seine was massively overflowing due to horrendous weather so we did n't even see the quay area : / also , shady-looking crappy souvenir salesmen are literally everywhere , the real painters generally avoid tourist zones . 
  plus the eiffel tower had a big-ass soccer ball hanging in the midsection ( due to the upcoming eu champinoship ) so i had to remove that one with ps . 
  one thing i can confirm is that baguette boy was n't as off as people might think . 
  yes , folks here are * that * into bread . 
  it 's ridiculously good . 
  bad weather and tourist hordes or no , i grew to share the sentiment with liz , i absolutely loved the place . 
  easily one of my top 3 cities . 
  looks like a skyrimized the last of us to me . 
  literally nothing remain of what made the series fun to me . 
  not crazy about the genre change at all . 
  will most definitely skip this . 
  too bad . 
  great job !, 
  what software did you use to create those precise 2d references ? 
  i 'm learning 3d modelling myself but have n't tried building design yet . 
  that could come in handy too , but i meant [ these ] ( https://cdna0.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/003/041/784/large/alex-pazienza-201508.jpg?1468891089 ) , 
  in short : yes . 
  since they presumably have n't been killed the same way the omnipotent luteces were , they should still be around in that version of columbia . 
  someone 's bound to fill that supply gap sooner or later . 
  hopefully . 
  infinite works with its own version of the multiverse theory ( where * not * nearly every decision creates a new universe ) , hence the constants and variables . 
  for example you would think that there would be a universe where booker picks a number other than 77 at the raffle , but it just never happens , same with the coin toss . 
  the luteces are so fascinated with this phenomena that they make these tests an integral part of their experiment . 
  therefore it 's entirely possible ( or even likely ) that comstock can only be created by that certain baptism . 
  booker going to that baptism is a constant , but the decision he makes there is a variable . 
  if there is any other way that comstock would happen , elizabeth would have known about it , as she was omniscient at that point and it was her goal to eliminate him completely . 
  [ relevant . 
  ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/lowres.cartoonstock.com/none-olympic_games-rio_games-brazil_2016-brazil_politics-poverty-kscn5902_low.jpg ), 
  done with maya + zbrush , rendered in vray . 
  hope you like it !, 
  the concept art it was based on is [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fvxgbo7.jpg ) . 
  it probably would n't do as an actual game asset , the polycount is way too high ( around 20k ) , but with less polys the normal map did n't work well and the skull part looked like ass , so ... eh . 
  thumbs up if you 'd like me to do another one !, 
  as you said , the majority just does n't care . 
  those who rather dislike them do it for historical reasons as well as the general disdain for islam ( ottoman occupation counts as one of the big national disasters ) , or because of present politics . 
  those who are fond of them ( again , a minority ) are likely to be far right turanists who happen to overlap somewhat with jobbik . 
  however there are a few turks living around here and in neighbouring countries , mostly restaurant/kebab owners . 
  people do n't have any problem with them , and kebab is quite a popular party food . 
  i personally do n't have anything against them unless they 're being pushy with their religion . 
  i 've been to istanbul once and it 's a wonderful place . 
  i found turks to be very friendly hosts . 
  planning to visit the city again one day . 
  roughly 150 years . 
  compared to the balkans , this indeed is n't that much , but it still did a number on us . 
  the occupied hungarian lands distributed between the spahis had been mercilessly exploited , the locals taxed , plus that questionable practice with children being taken away from their families to become janissaries . 
  when the turks have receded , the middle part of the country was reduced to a desolate wasteland devoid of human life . 
  it was so bad that the habsburgs basically had to repopulate the area from zero by grabbing settlers from other parts of their empire . 
  my hometown is in this area , and it has been ( re ) founded by slovak settlers for example . 
  there are parallels with the balkans , but the reason why turks are generally disliked more there ( at least in serbia ) is because of the longer ottoman rule and their negligence to industrialize their empire . 
  as a result , the ottoman-ruled territories fell way behind their austrian-ruled neighbours in development and economic power . 
  that 's a handicap that affects them to this day , and i think that particular grudge is quite justified . 
  well , towards historical turkey at least , not the people .
