firstly , i agree with the general statement that the writing in these dlcs was disjointed , inconsistent and lacked the attention to details that previous titles possessed . 
  however , the highly troubled development ( even by bioshock standards ) can put many things into perspective . 
  there 's a highly inofrmative article on polygon about irrational games ' low points during and after the release of infinite , which is not only important to be aware of in this specific issue , it 's also a pretty relevant lesson to anyone who is involved in game development : http://www.polygon.com/2014/3/6/5474722/why-did-irrational-close-bioshock-infinite, 
  long story short , ig planned on making only one dlc to infinite themselves , the other two of them were supposed to be outsourced ( one of the other studios was 2k marin , the other is unknown ) . 
  but seeing the allegedly unacceptable content ig has seen them doing , they took responsibilty for making all dlcs themselves after all , with the deadline unchanged . 
  instead of 3 story dlcs , the first one due in mid-summer 2013 , ig had to radically change the schedule and start over from scrap , hence the minimal-effort horde mode dlc named clash in the clouds , and the newly-planned two-part story dlc with the later deadlines and therefore the more focus . 
  keep in mind though , that during the development of episode 1 and early episode 2 , levine 's announcement of the studio 's closure ( under pressure from 2k for `` population control '' , no doubt ) caught everyone off guard . 
  it became clear that the bioshock franchise will cease to belong to its original creators , instead it will remain in 2k 's custody which then will have the right ( as it did in the past as well ) to hand it to any random bugger it sees fit , but now with irrational completely excluded from the further fate of the series . 
  there are early interviews prior to the release of episode 1 where the creators talk tidbits about the `` elizabeth episode '' that comes after it ( ep1 was already finished and ready to ship at that time , around november 2013 ) . 
  amanda jeffries ( leader of the `` liz squad '' ) excitedly describes their attempts at creating a satisfying mechanic for elizabeth 's usage of tears in first person . 
  note that this was way before the news of the irrational closure . 
  now if we think about it , liz having her tear powers in episode 2 just about throws everything out the window that we know about the episode 2 as it currently exists . 
  which brings me to the following speculation :, 
  burial at sea episode 2 was n't supposed to tell the story that we ended up getting , at all . 
  technical difficulties with the tear mechanics could have played a part in the fundamental changes , but i think there was something else at play here . 
  levine is a talented storyteller , but also a possessive one . 
  the realization that everything he wrote , every location and every character he created for this franchise would end up free game for others to play with , possibly ending up in scenarios he would personally disapprove of , he decided to flip the table , consistency and careful planning be damned , tying up every one of his sweethearts in the tightest package possible with no place for meddling . 
  not with rapture , and especially not with elizabeth whom he tends to refer to as his `` daughter '' . 
  couple that with the incredibly tight schedule , employees leaving in a constant flow , and demanding expectations from fans and critics alike . 
  the end result , as we already know , is a seemingly satisfying but also very superficial metanarrative with a dumb atlas , an overlooked plane crash , a wide range of almost acceptable or incredibly hamfisted retcons , and an inconsistent demigod . 
  in other issues mentioned in the graph that also connects to outside `` demands '' is the daisy retcon ( whose character development in infinite proper was criticized by many sjw critics and armchair feminists as `` racist '' and an overall hamfisted portrayal for some reason ) . 
  with everything in mind , i still count burial at sea as enjoyable content , a work of art and a welcome ( if messy ) addition , but more about that later . 
  i 'll write another post today that will analyze your graph point by point , the good and the bad , as constructive criticism goes . 
  it 's gon na be long , and it might take some time though . 
  in addition to my previous post about outside factors , i forgot to write about the original bioshock 's dual ending . 
  it was actually 2k who made levine and co develop branches int he gameplay ( saving vs harvesting little sisters ) , ken never wanted to include that himself , the only option would have been saving them and there would only have been one ending , the good-guy-jack one . 
  he confirmed in various interviews and twitter posts after bas that \u201e elizabeth died to make the good ending canon '' or something like that , i 'm paraphrasing . 
  it would seem strange that the original creator has headcanons about his own work or that he would arbitrarily outrule content that he had authorized back int he day himself , but that sure seems to be the case here . 
  personally , i do n't exactly blame him for that part , as i saw the harvesting path out of sync with the game 's themes and its ending banal to begin with , but i would agree that it was unprofessional and poorly communicated within the games themselves . 
  now on to the analyzing part . 
  first the points i think you get wrong , but all ( or at least most ) of this is my personal approach and interpretation of the events and therefore open for debate . 
  ** the paradoxes of infinite . 
  ** most prominently the oft mentioned grandfather paradox . 
  you repeatedly bring up the point of elizabeth and the luteces existing after infinite 's ending as something that makes \u201e no sense '' , since the universes which they originate from all \u201e ceased to exist '' . 
  you 're thinking about this too linearly , and like many others who handwaved infinite 's interpretation of time travel and multiverse theory use the general thought pattern of what i would call \u201e back to the future logic '' . 
  people need to understand that linear time travel in fiction is by far not the only way it could be done within another work of fiction 's own set of rules . 
  bioshock is not back to the future . 
  just because marty would fade from reality because he messed up his parents ' meeting does n't mean that the same thing \u201e should '' happen to either elizabeth or the luteces in a completely unrelated fantasy world . 
  back to the future does n't use grandfather paradox , bioshock does . 
  if you 're not familiar with the term , i suggest looking it up , but it basically means that elizabeth has to exist , for comstock to never exist , for if she had never existed then no one could have started the chain that caused comstock to never exist . 
  the universe does n't like paradoxes , that 's why it created these singular yet infinite \u201e creatures '' free of the boundaries of time and space to be the connection to worlds that never should have been , but still are . 
  because the idea of \u201e all columbia worlds ceased to exist after the baptism '' is surely a line that is often thrown around when infinite 's ending comes up , but it 's actually never stated in any of the games , and i would go as far to say that it is n't the case at all . 
  more about that part later . 
  ** constants and variables . 
  ** the most overlooked element of infinite by far . 
  with this concept , the game downright states that there is no such thing as infinite outcomes to infinite choices as per the traditional multiverse theory , contrary to many fans ' and critics ' grievances against the main game and its ending in particular . 
  the fact that there are constants in this world means that there are ( seemingly arbitrary ) events that always happen the same way despite having the potential of playing out differently . 
  it can be as insignificant as a coin toss ( as it was cleverly presented by your \u201e first '' meeting with the twins ) , or it can be as life changing as an unmovable obstacle in booker 's journey ( songbird catching him in every timeline prior to old elizabeth 's intervention ) . 
  therefore the idea of \u201e one comstock alive means infinite comstocks alive '' is not exactly true , it appeared that the main game very much implied that finite things in an infinite universe are very much possible , if hard to imagine ( plot convenience and easier story management play a big part here ) . 
  the game actually avoids even using the word \u201e infinite '' as much as it can . 
  if you had no problems with the main game 's ending where a singular root of \u201e infinite '' timelines was very much presented as a finite event ( as even an omnipotent elizabeth would n't be able to take care of it if it was n't ) , but at the same time you pick a quarrel with \u201e infinite '' rapture comstocks at the same time ... well that 's sort of a double standard , is n't it ? 
  i certainly agree that rapture comstock 's ( aka bookerstock 's ) origins are shaky at best and they should have at least attempted to give an explanation for his disconnection with the baptism , but what can you do . 
  i actually have a ridiculously elaborate theory about it myself , but even i do n't think that that 's what levine originally came up with , if he even bothered to come up with any in the first place . 
  ** this is also an element that each game uses pretty arbitrarily , without tangible explanations behind it . 
  all we know is that she \u201e sees all the doors , and what 's behind them '' . 
  fort he luteces powers , there 's not even that . 
  to say that \u201e she sees the future '' is not entirely true , or at least not int hat context . 
  as rosalind lutece said \u201e time is an ocean '' instead of a river . 
  for beings outside time such as liz and the twins , there is no such thing as a \u201e future '' , hence why the luteces jokingly try to invent tenses in their dialogue that do n't even exist in a vain attempt at making the two mortals understand what they 're blabbering about half the time . 
  seeing that elizabeth still has a human mind ( she sure does n't act like an all-knowing supercomputer at any point , weary , sure , but not godlike ) , it 's logical to assume that she does n't literally have every possible event at every time ever in her brain simultanously . 
  heck , that would be much even for a god in a traditional sense . 
  it 's much more reasonable to think of her unbound powers as a sort of space-time google . 
  she has access to \u201e infinite '' amounts of information , but only if she looks for it . 
  that 's pretty straightforward so far , so then why would she be so careless to not doublecheck the consequences of her actions at both the anna-kidnapping and in rapture , you might ask ? 
  well it 's a good question that imo might have a very simple answer : because of the nature of her powers and paradoxical existence , she is incapable of seeing the outcome of her own actions . 
  granted , this is n't addressed int he game but would actually provide a quite rational explanation of her antics in bas , and it 's one of my own personal grievances against the writers , the other big one being the bouncer plot hole ( it would have been at least acceptable if he had caught her from the back instead of having her screaming at him without using her powers ) . 
  even when these details would be so simple to solve with just one extra line , they still do n't bother with it and just leave it as a hole for fans to fill . 
  as for the luteces , it is hinted that they also strruggle with a similar limitation . 
  even if you disregard the 123 + tallies on the board as booker 's mistakes only , there is still the scene where they give him the shield infusion . 
  i do n't think rosalind was joking when she was wondering if he 'd survive drinking it this time . 
  it heavily implies that they are also incapable of foreseeing their own actions ' effectiveness same as liz apparently is . 
  uhm , there are more points left but this stuff takes time to assess and i 'm not sure if you 're seeing this actually . 
  should i continue or nay ... ? 
  i just brought up the development stuff because i do believe it has a lot to do with how ep2 in particular shaped up and i used it a few times to defend it somewhat despite not liking how it turned out . 
  in answer to your input :, 
  yes , the interstellar-terminator-12 monkeys way is also a good example of how time paradoxes in fiction can work . 
  however i do n't think bsi belongs to or wanted to resemble either of those and instead chose to do its own thing which is not a loop as the above but not a linear back to the future plot either . 
  and i liked that about it a lot , i do n't think they should have conformed to existing interpretations to make it believable within their own fictional space . 
  `` since elizabeths disappear , it means there 's no factors that made them who they are now - and that 's one of the grandfather paradox 's solutions . '', 
  - i think there 's some misunderstanding here . 
  those elizabeths did n't disappear , they fused into one . 
  `` elizabeth prime '' remembers each of their memories , she confirmed it in ep2 . 
  the fact that she still identifies herself as `` our '' elizabeth is pretty much unexplained as it only serves plot convenience and easier understanding for the player , which is fine imo . 
  their past also did n't disappear , they are just in a closed space-time limbo as all the columbias are , more about that later . 
  `` now , i believe the problem with your theory is , constants are n't people and ca n't be compared to them . 
  [ ... ] people on the other hand can choose ( thus creating parallel universes ) , but also can encounter constants . '', 
  - i do n't see how people are all that different from a coin in that sense to be honest . 
  even when they * think * they 're choosing , they get rounded up in constants more often than not . 
  i 'd be lying if i said i understood your logic behind the singular-infinite approach , as the constants & variables mechanic technically allows a person ( in this case rapture comstock ) to have decisions that are all constants even for years on end without a single variable . 
  yes , it would be cheap , and it would rely entirely on plot convenience , but it 's still technically possible . 
  same goes for elizabeth `` prime '' who is an outsider to the universe now to begin with . 
  `` i believe that points of origin for universes and universes themselves are singular , because there 's no two identical to each other . '', 
  - what makes you believe that ? 
  not poking it , just curious . 
  the one thing i 'd argue with is , if she ca n't see the consequences of her own actions , then how did she see jack 's arrival in rapture and one of the possible endings of bioshock ? '', 
  - first off , bas 1 elizabeth and dream paris elizabeth ( whom those visions of jack originated from ) are not the same power-wise . 
  it is unclear how or why , but the bodiless paris elizabeth definitely rose above her `` mortal '' self 's limitations , with the side effect of losing all of that power the minute she enters the world she died in ( stupid rule i know , but that 's a different issue ) . 
  what bas 1 liz could n't see , paris liz could . 
  the jack vision is therefore only a memory for bas 2 elizabeth , and not a vision of her own , she has n't actually regained her powers at any point during the episode . 
  by the way , sorry if i make you repeat stuff you replied to other people already .
