  no logic involved * - there 's plenty of logic involved , mostly on 2k 's part . 
  as i said before , i do n't think the idea was doomed from the get-go . 
  with better execution , it could have even worked just fne . 
  as it is now , i like that bas exists because it did bring enough new themes , great places , strong emotional scenes and overall artistic value to validate itself . 
  it 's still a ton better than 2k marin 's columbia-falls-onto-rapture idea could have ever been as far as i 'm concerned . 
  for a headcanon though , i will also stick with infinite proper and be a little annoyed that it could have turned out a lot better if not for unfortunate outside events , but i guess i can live with that . 
  * on the other hand , yes , i used bioshock : rapture novel as a reference , but also , i stated i understand it has its contradictions ( even pointed out two ) , but neither of them makes the novel impossible to take place in one of the infinite possible parallel worlds . 
  * - i 've heard this from many others as well , but this always seemed like an excuse for a poorly done job on the author 's part ( especially since it predates the release of infinite with years ) and while everyone is aware of that they still try to defend it with the multiverse theory instead of just accepting it with its faults . 
  i may be bashing on the book a bit too much , i certainly expected more from it but at least it was an acceptable filler i guess . 
  i hope that the next book ( presumably `` columbia '' , fingers crossed ) by joe fielder will turn out to be more interesting . 
  yeah , i 'm aware that i 'm in the minority with my opinion on minerva 's den as well . 
  i guess it just did n't do anything for me other than a few neat gameplay tweaks , i thought porter to be tad more annoying than relatable . 
  * however , the story could have been foolproof if it did n't involve `` our '' elizabeth and took place before the ending of infinite - this way , presence of columbia would make sense , the finite worlds would n't matter ... that would work . 
  * - funny you mentioning that , this was exactly what i theorized would happen pre-ep2 ( and who knows , that might have been the case before the rewrite ) , i even wrote my own fan fiction about it later , lol . 
  * now , the baptism problem . 
  there 's many theories about it - one , probably the most popular one , states that elizabeth merged together all the possible baptisms into one . 
  * - which she also could have easily done in rapture , even right before she met rapture comstock , or even after the shopping-branch in fact ( comstock blacks out in cohen 's place and liz had woken before him , she could have done it then and there ) . 
  ta-da . 
  it 's no more far-fetched than the baptism merging . 
  after she returned as a mortal , her branchings do n't actually matter that much anymore , since there would be equal amount of sallys and f-ed up raptures for each liz . 
  yeah , yeah i know , there are other contradictions that make bas `` unworthy '' of being a continuation , but i 'd like to give it as much benefit of the doubt as i 've given the main game , and god knows i love it to death but that one could use it almost as much . 
  it just strikes me a bit odd that you seem to be a lot more lenient towards infinite and its own shortcomings , but i 'll stop pressing the point now . 
  to each their own . 
  * `` it 's kind of on the same level as the unbruised liz model in the anna flashback . 
  the \u201e sure , it 's an oversight but who cares '' type . '', 
  that 's not relevant to you ? 
  the pendant is one of the things that defines `` our '' elizabeth . 
  * - the devs already messed that up in the final baptism scene if you look closely , so i had already made my peace with them being careless about a very important asset way before bas was even announced . 
  it 's again interesting that you hold it against bas , yet in infinite it was okay . 
  actually , they were just being consistent with that particular design mistake . 
  it 's annoying , but what can you do . 
  a last thought on the bubble universe thing is that our differences on the subject may come from a point of view , whereas you view it as it appears to us `` mortals '' and the protagonists , and i view it from how it `` is '' from an out-of-universe perspective or even from the luteces ' / omniscient liz 's view . 
  anyway , thanks for the chat , i enjoy talking about this game in depth . 
  * the middle elizabeth from the end of infinite was n't really a mastake - booker notes she 's not `` his '' liz . 
  he even asks her who she is . 
  but it certainly is not the elizabeth we 've spend time with during infinite . 
  * - i 've always interpreted booker 's reaction as a surprise that there are multiple elizabeths surrouning him all of a sudden , which is certainly off-putting from his point of view . 
  it does n't make any sense even from the narrative or writing standpoint to not have `` our '' liz there at the final moment . 
  it would be disillusioning as well as disconnected . 
  who else could be that certain final one who looks up to the sky before the screen cuts to black ? 
  as we know , certain parts of the game were rushed like hell , squeezed out only in the very last minutes of the last possible delay . 
  they were also certainly not doing levels in chronological order either . 
  the ending could have been the first cutscene they 've done ( after the last rewrite ) for all we know , and throwing in the pendant to the mix might have come into the picture later . 
  it only takes a few people to forget to change the scene they were responsible for accordingly , and it only takes one levine to not notice the oversight when he was occupied with literally everything else at that time . 
  speculation , yes , but the charm 's absence it really does n't make any sort of sense otherwise . 
  was n't the last time either , bas ep1 also makes the same mistake of making the bird pendant appear again in the beginning , only to be forgotten about altogether halfway . 
  * oh , you wrote a fan-fic about burial at sea ? 
  is there any chance i could read it ? 
  * - here you go : https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10364476/1/the-crooked-mile, 
  obviously not professional work , but i 'd say it did n't turn out half bad . 
  english is n't my first language so there will be oddities here and there , more likely in the last two chapters where i did n't have native-speakers to help out anymore . 
  tried my best though . 
  there are also a few things that do n't represent my actual theories about certain keypoints in infinite and instead i went with the more widespread headcanon to avoid confusion , i guess you 'll see it when you get there . 
  let me know what you think if you get to it , i 'd love to get some constructive criticism !, 
  why i did n't accept the `` our liz is not present at the baptism '' theory even before bas confirmed it to be wrong is because it would do a great disservice to the character . 
  making the greatest sacrifice of all ( killing her father and only friend , along with erasing her entire existence [ as far as she knows ] ) for relieving the world from the cancer that is columbia requires all the strength a person can ever have . 
  it showed exactly how far she came from the sheltered bunny who almost lost it after killing fitzroy . 
  she triumphed over her own fears and gave up the only things she ever longed for just to make that goal happen . 
  this ends her character arc in the game in the most perfect way , because despite the entire multiverse actively trying to make her suffer all her life , in the end she became the strongest of all . 
  chickening out of the ` plan ' she started acting upon in the last minute just never sounded like something she would do ( especially seeing that scene when booker says `` let 's go to paris now , i want to be shut of all this ! '', 
  and she replies with a very defiant `` no ! '' . 
  you could see the determination clearly ) . 
  her not being there would leave our liz to be fading out from existence offscreen somewhere , which is the most unceremonius way for a protagonist to go out ever . 
  as for her characterization in bas , i actually think it is the best part of both dlcs . 
  a lot of people complained of how she acted all `` bitchy '' and unlike the girl we 've known , but to me it made perfect sense after the ep1 finale . 
  this girl just lost * everything * she cared for and gave up everything she had just to prevent comstock ( the culprit and origin of all her suffering and then some ) from appearing ever again , and then comes the one that got away , waltzing away from the dead body of her baby self like nothing ever happened no less . 
  she was angry at life , devastated by her loss of booker , anyone would be just as bitter as she was in that situation . 
  rapture comstock was discrediting her sacrifice with his very existence , and she was determined to make him regret it the most painful way possible , letting out her own bitterness and vengeance on someone that might not even be such a threat she had demonized him to be . 
  i would have been disappointed if we 've gotten the same weary-but-innocent liz without any change in her behaviour whatsoever , it just would n't be realistic . 
  i think people were frustrated with this portrayal because they wanted to preserve liz as innocent and morally clean in their minds . 
  i on the other hand loved that they showed her to be just as much a fallible human as anyone else , and one who can make serious mistakes in judgement despite her godlike powers , but also one who is determined to make up for said mistake just like another certain dewitt once did for her . 
  breaking the cycle of abuse is a beautiful theme , and as i said before , i do n't think the idea itself was poor , quite the opposite . 
  it 's the `` little things '' that made a dent in it ( like her leaving sally in the vent to fend for herself right after ep1 finale , the plane crash and the rest of the plot hole stuff ) . 
  yeah , i loved booker 's portrayal at the end of infinite very much as well , especially where liz almost asks for permission to do what booker yet does n't know about ( before entering the final lighthouse ) . 
  it 's such a strong scene . 
  liz knows that booker does n't know what she actually plans to do but still asks him just to ease her conscience . 
  i hope you 'll like the story , i already gave a few spoilers in this discussion but i doubt it would ruin it or anything . 
  * episode 1 shows us this bitchy , unfriendly liz , but there 's not even one moment that could push her character in a different direction , or show her from another angle . 
  * - this is not true , there are actually quite a few . 
  she does seem to question her own judgement even in ep1 . 
  the dance at cohen 's comes to mind in particular , `` i 'm not quite sure what to make of you mr dewitt ... * confused expression * '' before cohen cuts them off ( or something along the line ) . 
  another is when she asks what sally is to him , \u201e if sally 's not your daughter , what is she to you ? 
  why risk life and limb ? '' aside from foreshadowing for the player , i think this line is the doubt speaking from her mixed with genuine curiosity . 
  she shows uncertainty in these scenes , even if only briefly , but anger and the need for vengeance took over . 
  a morally questionable act , but not unrealistic or far from her character at all ( just think of the massive grudge she held against lady comstock for quite a long while , not to mention the unknown amounts of downright evil deeds old liz have done ) . 
  between ep1 and ep2 she changed quite a bit , that was kind of the whole point of ep2 so i do n't quite get what you mean by `` no character development '' in the dlcs . 
  ep2 pretty much starts with her openly admitting to have misjudged comstock and that she owed sally . 
  * but also , there 's one more thing that was lost in burial at sea - chemistry between booker and elizabeth . 
  * - there was plenty of that , just a different kind . 
  you seem to ignore the fact that this `` booker '' is not really booker , at least certainly not hers . 
  what chemistry was she supposed to have with the man who had her blood on his hands ? 
  i was actually quite pleasantly surprised at how well they pulled off her antics towards him . 
  it was that certain foreshadowing that made players question what was off here ( it sure did made me think right from the beginning ) , only to find out the reason at the twist ending . 
  about 20 minutes into ep1 , i thought `` jeez booker , you must have messed up big time if you managed to piss her off like that '' . 
  i liked the mystery behind it and could n't wait to find out the truth . 
  her hostile behavior makes a lot more sense after the reveal . 
  from her point of view , bookerstock was a mockery of the \u201e real '' booker she cared about , it was only logical to have her express that grudge in a way that would n't ruin the ending too early . 
  there 's also the matter of subconscious booker . 
  to have him as her moral compass and a way to cope with her grief was a very nice touch . 
  anyone can say what they will about bas as a whole , many would agree that the elevator scene was hands down the most heartwrenching moment in the entire series .
