  i understand what you meant , probably could have worded my post better . 
  i meant to say that this sub does n't give off the vibe that it 's better to drop our values , this sub is just discussing ( granted , a lot of the time poorly ) , how our values will change . 
  that discussion and ( so far ) failure to reach a consensus is what 's giving off the south park satire level of dystopian values . 
  well , better might be word too strong , but something will have to change . 
  a completely different culture is pouring into europe , it will cause a shift in values of the locals , question is how extreme will the shift be . 
  the problem , i feel , is that it is common to believe we are governed by people . 
  we 're not , we 're governed by laws . 
  we do n't live in democracies , the only democratic thing in pretty much any country are the elections , but even those , the process of them is defined in laws . 
  we do n't live in democracies , we live in republics where law is king and everyone is just doing its bidding . 
  if we were to live in actual democracies ( representative ) we would get a new constitution after every election . 
  every law passed by any legislative power would only stay in power as long as the body that passed it . 
  the german name for \u0161akotis is bahnkuchen . 
  and no it 's not originally german . 
  legit ! = good . 
  dull is happy relative to pissed all the time . 
  there are good guys there ? 
  not surprized by the punishment , just the attention it 's getting . 
  to me it 's like `` oh , finally they got found out . 
  moving on '' . 
  it was n't the only test of honesty on the questionnaire . 
  you might need to fail multiple of them to actually get your questionnaire disregarded . 
  only if you want your time wasted . 
  if you answer yes your questionnaire gets tossed in the trash bin , because no person in his right mind would go through the trouble of doing more work when there 's nothing to gain from it . 
  in fact there 's something to lose . 
  the fear of travelling to norway with little children is not isolated to russia . 
  though not because of fear of custody being handed over to gay couples , but the fear of the children being taken away in the first place . 
  it 's been quite quiet for a while now , but at the beginning of the year there was an article a day in lithuanian media about how barnevernet is taking away children from immigrants under questionable grounds . 
  stories like lithuanian immigrants getting investigated by the child services because the parents do n't walk their children into the classroom , rather just drop them off at the front door of the school , or a child saying he 's hungry 20 minutes before lunch . 
  also the way that the children are taken away by using force , all contact with them being forbidden until a judge rules on the case . 
  heck there were even a couple of articles about a polish pi who was kidnapping immigrant children from the social services to bring them back home . 
  edit : [ oh look , it 's even on the wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krzysztof_rutkowski#repatriation_of_polish_9-year_old_from_norway ), 
  i 'm not saying it 's good to cheat , i 'm saying it 's silly to give someone all the tools necessary to cheat and expect them not to . 
  when i studied psychology we had to fill out this one questionnaire . 
  later we were informed that two questions were put in to see if the person filling out the questionnaire is being honest or not . 
  one question was about `` would you declare x goods when crossing a border if you knew 100 % that you were n't going to be inspected ? 
  '' , the other i do n't remember any more ( was like 10 years ago ) . 
  basically anyone 's form who had the answer `` yes '' marked was pretty much thrown out deeming the participant disingenuous , therefor irrelevant . 
  so if it 's a common practice in the field of psychology to assume that a person is going to cheat when given all the necessary tools to do so , why the outrage when someone is actually caught doing it ? 
  besides , i 'm a driver for over 10 years , i did n't need a scandal to know that what the car maker declares is bullshit . 
  neither did anyone else paying for his own fuel . 
  does anyone else share my apathy to these `` does better on test '' scandals ? 
  i mean , do n't we all ? 
  i ca n't help but wonder , what people thought would happen when they told the car ( or tv ) manufacturers in advance , what was going to be tested and how the test was going to be concluded . 
  i mean , if a restaurant knows that anti-sanitation is coming to inspect them , they will sure as shit clean the place up , does n't mean the restaurant is a clean place , it 's just clean on the day of the inspection , if inspected any other day it would be shut down . 
  offices do this too when they know an audit is coming . 
  fixing any mistakes in their books that could lead to fines and what not . 
  heck , we even study more when preparing for the exams , sometimes reading up on things up until the last moment only to forget at least half of everything a week later . 
  if we all do it , why the scandals and outrages with cars ( and maybe tv 's ) ? 
  they were very rationally hiding it up until now though . 
   there are no drasic changes in the net infrastructure to account for the increase . 
  one may argue that smartphones where a drastic change to the net infrastructure . 
  they started becoming increasingly popular 4 years or so ago , mobile internet infrastructure was improved significantly since then . 
  the devices themselves have improved significantly since then prompting more users to go on the net wherever they are . 
  3 years ago a phone was a camera , a phone , a music player and in some cases and e-mail box . 
  since then they resemble and are used increasingly as computers . 
  one may argue . 
  ha , never knew the origins for `` vokietija '' were unclear . 
  googled around a bit and it seems that the leading theory is that the name stems from a tribe that must have been called either * vaki * or * vakia * . 
  the theory is based on a tribe in southeastern sweden , called the vagot ( vagoth ) which was mentioned by a 6th century goth historian called jordan ( or something similar , it 's a translation ) . 
  basically the name * vagoth * is two words * va * and * goth * , so the theory is there might have been a * va - * * kia * / * ki * . 
  though there is absolutely no evidence to support this claim as there are no mentions of a * vaki * or * vakia * tribe . 
  edit : there 's also an ( urban ) legend that when warriors of the teutonic order came to invade lithuania , samogitians were surprised at how tough their armor was and said `` vo , kiets '' which directly translates as `` wow , tough '' . 
  yeah , i 'm already all of '' - ists '' and '' - phobes '' . 
  stopped caring years ago . 
   human rights is a pretty nebulous concept anyway , so different countries can easily have different definitions . 
  some of them , yes , the right to life - is n't . 
  you 're alive , your right is protected , if you 're not , it 's not . 
  there 's not really much room for interpretation here . 
   all i can do is speak from a british perspective , and we do n't have a written constitution . 
  yes , the uk might be the easiest country to , as you put it , * redefine * what the state must protect . 
  good luck basing the redefinition on what kind of a passport the person has without becoming the next '' - ist '' ( again ? ), 
  state paraded in the papers and the international arena . 
   the universal declaration of human rights is non-binding , so it 's a red herring . 
  it 's something to be filed away under `` nice ideas , not necessarily practical '' . 
  on their own , sure , not binding , but put them in a constitution and kablamo , it becomes a cornerstone of the countries legal system . 
  to make matters worse , such articles as `` the state shall protect every persons rights in it 's territory as well as any of it 's citizens abroad '' are fairly popular . 
   most likely along the lines of if you 've got a criminal conviction who does the convicting ? 
  the people back home , who the host state deems as illegitimate government , or the people of the host state ? 
   maybe if you 're an islamist radical , etc. 
  how does one even determine that ? 
  and is it the islamist part that gets a person kicked out of a country or the radical part ? 
   i think that you 're being a little melodramatic . 
  yes , quite . 
  under perfect conditions it is possible to do these reforms peacefully and painlessly , problem is the process is incredibly hard when it comes to changing the constitution . 
  in the case of lithuania , 4/5 of all members of the parliament would have to agree on the change . 
  while possible , it is incredibly unlikely that this will ever happen . 
  there was nothing to contribute to . 
  loaded questions get loaded questions as answers . 
  also it 's amazing how you jump from `` i welcome the refugees '' to `` they have n't proven that they are ready to integrate '' before they are even allowed to walk the streets without the fear of deportation . 
  meet a refugee who 's asylum request has been approved , then decide whether or not they are willing to integrate . 
  as i 've said , let that sink in for a week or so . 
  did you just really compare losing social status to potentially losing your head ? 
  and somehow see that the loss of status is worse ? 
  also , the premise that people do n't do illegal things because they are afraid of getting punished is debatable at least . 
  punishment is not the best deterrent to crime , in fact it 's barely any deterrent at all . 
  people do n't commit crime because of education , lack of desperation , a feeling of security you might say first . 
  and yes , religion is shit . 
  all of it , no exceptions . 
  particularly serious crime does not translate to a fight . 
  right ... great discussion bud , thanks .
