  that means the ( in - ) action of a person must ** objectively ** lead to a creation of a raised level of hatred/criminal activity/war where it was significantly lower before your actions and it has to be done with intent . 
  you can not do this indirectly , of over confidence or negligence . 
  objective guilt becomes a bitch to prove as context - where you are , who you 're talking to , what do you know about them , what should you , as a smart person , know about them becomes important . 
  having to prove that some actively sought out people susceptible to their talking does n't make it any easier . 
  without knowing and understanding this , re-posting pictures of poroshenko with a noose photoshopped around his neck , might seem like hate speech . 
  but the people that do understand this also understand that the legal system is doing a pretty good job by protecting the idiots re-posting such pictures and their right to be idiots in public . 
  psa : the legal bit here applies to lithuania and the criminal process of it , not sure about other countries . 
  also some of the terms might not be entirely correct as i did n't look their official translations , just went with the inspiration . 
  paying for it is not the problem . 
  actually dealing with it is . 
  in this day and age money = compassion . 
  god i 'm tired of all this finger pointing and laughing about not wanting to take refugees in . 
  can it stop ? 
  please ? 
  get into a fucking car , go to the nearest border where these immigrants are stuck , pick up a family , drive them to wherever they need to go to get registered and then bring them to your place or shut the fuck up . 
  i guarantee not 1 % of all the fuckers , who support this kind of oppression of those who are n't eager to share their livelihood , would go for it . 
  and of that 1 % a good 2/3 of them would back out before even meeting a single refugee . 
  wait just a second . 
  the polish perceive lithuania to be better than poland ? 
  am i reading the chart wrong ? 
  [ just gon na leave this here in case you have n't found it on your own ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/homepage.html?locale=en ) all directives dealing with regulating the net are easily accessible there , but whether or not they are actually enforced by the members states will have to be researched case by case . 
  again , usually not much of a problem since every eu member has a website of their parliament ( or equivalent ) with a search engine for laws , project decrees etc. 
  built-in . 
  the rest is really up to your determination and the ability to decode what google translate perceives as proper english ( or portugese ) . 
  the moon is definitely not halal , so no . 
  correct . 
  down with religions !!, 
  it already is implemented , richer countries contribute more to the eu budget than those who are getting their money from said budget . 
  but as i 've said there 's a huge disconnect between the tax payer and the taxes in europe . 
  should have been more specific , i meant fiscally . 
  the eu is a slower version of a federation when it comes to money . 
  also laws and courts can be debated as , de facto , eu laws have ways to be forced imti national law without an actual enforcement mechanism . 
  yes the eu has no enforcing mechanism ... 
  except for being kicked out of the union and everything that leads to it . 
  it has worked wonders so far , heck , the threat initiated quite a few amendments to the constitutions of kit\u0105 member states . 
  hence , de jure , constitution  eu law . 
  de facto - not really , no . 
  the richer the people , the richer the state - more taxes . 
  the rates are set , but still differentiated . 
  i could 've worded it better . 
  imagine how the weak minded will feel when they meet these immigrants in real life for the first time . 
  the people who watched news for decades , listening to terrorists utter that phrase during conflicts , getting it burned into them , that allah akbar is a battleshout , a call to arms of the jihadists . 
  having it edited out of these reports on the asylum seekers trying to reach germany will backfire when they get to their destination ... 
  first of all , federal taxes are rarely at a set , immovable rate . 
  in fact , most of them are progressive . 
  the richer the state , the more its resident pay . 
  secondly , the budget of the federal government is ~ 20 % ( again , not a set rate ) , not the taxes . 
  thirdly , as i have previously said , there is no need to centralize the collection and administration of such a huge chunk of your money . 
  pooling into a pot , then divide the pot between everyone who needs it to see what is left is ineffective in the world where money is debt . 
  fourth , only the government paid part of the pension is equal in all the states . 
  there are plenty of funds , reserves etc. 
  run by private money who cover most of these costs . 
  unless , of course , you want to believe that all of the retirees in the us can survive a year on 1,3 trillion dollars ... do know though , that they burnt through 5,4 trillion in two years after the 2008 crash came . 
  fifth . 
  a word of advice , do n't say such things in the presence of eastern europeans ( if you 're around them in person ) , because you might get your teeth kicked in . 
  the reason for that is , you essentially said `` all was fine while everything east of berlin was the soviet union '' . 
  we did n't want to be part of that union , we fought not to be in that union and we succeeded . 
  rubbing it in our faces like it was a mistake can be a health hazard . 
  to the one doing the rubbing . 
  sixth we were n't `` allowed in '' . 
  we were invited in , as a buffer for russia and it 's crazy . 
  if the eu would still have only 15 members , there would 've been a crimea every other year . 
  who knows maybe even a big party with 13 crimeas at once . 
  seventh , i 'm getting a feeling you 're trying to imply that if the eu breaks down the economies of it 's western members will start growing more rapidly . 
  i wonder how would that work ? 
  there are so many regulations and restrictions on the market now , that removing them and allowing the free market to do its magic the east would be more likely to come out on top . 
  countries like poland especially . 
  eighth . 
  what values do the eastern europeans have , that you find so unacceptable ? 
  why do you think i would n't be able to work with you ? 
  it 's only wrong if you do n't understand what i said . 
  the federal government does n't treat it 's states equally . 
  their taxes differ , their laws differ , punishments , incentives , everything differs from state to state . 
  sure the federal government raises more taxes , but that 's where the eu does it smarter . 
  why pool all the money into one giant pot and then return it bit by bit the states ( countries ) that raised them ? 
  if taxes are different , then centralizing their collection and administration is simply silly . 
  only a small fraction of all taxes raised stay in the pot in the us . 
  is n't it easier to just put it there rather than see if there 's anything left after everyone takes their share ? 
  the part on pensions , medicare and medicaid being uniform across the states is just plain wrong as the federal government ca n't cover these payouts on it 's own and the payouts do differ . 
  sure , the part the government pays may be the same , but the pensions are different . 
  and do n't even get me started on the different prices of same medical procedures in different states . 
  that is just , blargh . 
  and the issue of language is something i have to laugh at . 
  as someone who is working with exporting goods all over the world and having worked with people of different countries starting with malaysia ending with the us i had no trouble making contacts and deals even when the other party would n't be able to speak any language but their native one . 
  communication is an instinct in people , language is just a means to help it along , not make it possible . 
  yes , unacceptable behavior . 
  how dare the hungarians prevent people from breaking the laws of their country ?!, 
  the refugees should be greeted with wads of cash they can use to rent cars and buy mcdonalds food ( it 's halal , right ? ) . 
  they should be treated with respect , greeted like kings . 
  many of these people have been walking for days , why are there no hotels being built on the border to accommodate these people ? 
  why is there not a mosque at the entrance to this foreign land ? 
  why is hungary so cruel and does n't want to make the refugees , who ca n't for the fucking life of them , follow the simplest of rules , feel welcome ? 
  shame on you hungarians . 
  shame on you . 
  i apologize for my ignorance , gon na edit that right away . 
  damn i 'm evil . 
  i instantly imagine the guy kicking her south park style after taking the flower ... 
  well that one way of interpreting it . 
  which is wrong . 
  i mean , what difference is there really between the eu and usa ?
