  also , of course refugees and immigrants are different things . 
  a refugee becomes an immigrant as soon as he decides to abandon his refugee status and proceed wherever he likes without going through the proper channels . 
  edited my previous post . 
  oh you can justify just about anything if you put your mind to it . 
  justifying religious intolerance is especially easy these days , as the definition of the term has expanded from `` intentional acts against religious freedoms '' to `` rolled eyes at a bible '' . 
  xenophobia is n't hard either as the definition for that one expanded from `` irrational fear of foreigners '' to `` the act of raising rational concerns about preventing ghettos from forming and promoting integration '' . 
  i love it how continents are personified in the article . 
  just imagine the continent of europe sitting there , pondering , whether to off itself ( by raising the sea-level and drowning , i suppose ) or to fight . 
  meanwhile africa is yelling at the people on it to `` get off me , go sit on europes face '' . 
  anyway , one thing i do n't get with all these doomsayer articles is why so gloomy ? 
  why is n't there a solid middle ground in the news ? 
  i mean , we either get people shouting about accepting everyone or kicking everyone out . 
  where are all the sane people ? 
   you think nationalism , racism and violence between religions was left behind in europe in the 6th century ? 
  no it 's where it should 've been left . 
  enough is enough . 
  `` voting on the brexit referendum , how hard can it be ? '', 
  accidentaly sets the booth on fire . 
  when it 's a revolution . 
  winning a civil war technically also qualifies . 
  basically what qualifies as treason only can be 100 % determined after the actions . 
  in this case it was treason . 
  exactly . 
  rape ? 
  i 'm going with 70 % rape and 30 % indoctrinated stupidity . 
  good , and next time use a proper noose . 
  would you also defend lotus feet ? 
  are you being clever ? 
  or did you nazi what you wrote ? 
   the greatest bonus is that i can get away with using the jew card and calling everyone anti-semites . 
  so if someone starts giving you a hard time you pull out your cock , wave it around yelling `` get away you filthy anti-semite ! '' ? 
  or is it a card you use to pick up girls ? 
  allthough you 'd call it a shaft instead of a card then . 
  unless it 's very flat . 
  i 'll give you liberty . 
  enlightenment ideals and rationalism still are n't a thing outside of paper and nationalism is a very european idea only when we talk about the non-modern form of it . 
  the modern nationalism is a very american thing , both south and north . 
  seriously this . 
  if not for immigration gordon ramsay would be yelling `` i told you to boil it until it turns to mush !, 
  and add more butter ! '', 
  the very basics for what is europe were created on the fringes or outside of the continent . 
  we made good use of them , sure , but saying it pales is rather cheeky . 
  food mostly . 
  that 's kind of the problem though , there 's no such thing as an independent body . 
  but now it 's pronounced fertikal . 
   the european internal market is defined by the idea that its members agree to free movement within four areas , namely : goods , services , people , and capital . 
  but they do n't agree on all four areas . 
  not sure if there are problems with services or capital ( i would imagine services suffer quite a bit ) but goods definitely can not move around freely . 
  it is almost impossible to retail a lot of goods in all of eu because of various restrictions , regulations , requirements that goods need to meet . 
  the best example i have run in with were soft drinks , namely coca cola products . 
  i had 8 trucks of coca cola cans that at the time i could sell 15 % cheaper than what the retailers in germany paid . 
  they did n't buy them because it would be illegal for them to retails those cans in germany . 
  the same goddamn product , cheaper , ca n't be sold in retail in the `` single market '' . 
  because the deposit symbol does n't match . 
  there are plenty more cases where products produced in some countries , ca n't be retailed in others , all for ridicculous reasons , like the original label not having the language of a country . 
  even if you put stickers on the bottles you still can not sell , for example , parfumes into the netherlands . 
  another example , there are many restrictions in lithuania on driving rhd cars . 
  basically if you permanently live in lithuania you can not use one . 
  we 're terrible drivers already and reducing visibility is n't something we want . 
  well it used to be like that untill a guy took us to the ecj and now we have to allow to use rhd cars on our roads . 
  * tinfoil on * it seems to me , that the market is free for those who are footing the bill . 
  the question , however , would there even be a bill to foot in the first place if the single market was n't so goddamn protectionist . 
  tl ; dr : free movement of goods does not exist . 
  edit : a word . 
  and a sentence . 
  but it 's not . 
  free movement of people is alive and well within the eu . 
  free movement of goods is not . 
   ... the younger generation has lost the right to live and work in 27 other countries . 
  the fuck ? 
  no wonder `` what is eu '' googles searches are spiking . 
  people genuinely have no fucking clue what they 're talking about . 
   so basically you 're saying you want protections ... not state enforced ones . 
  just a company not working with companies that actively hurt your bottom line . 
  again , this is the status quo . 
  another thing you seem to be misunderstanding is how pricing works . 
  it 's not state regulated , trade deals just open pathways for goods , then the free market takes over . 
  50 % difference in price is not uncommon , being loud about it is n't either . 
  happened recently , i imported some screws last year from taiwan . 
  sold them locally and to bulgaria mostly , with a healthy 50 % margin . 
  started looking at other countries and found that i can sell those screws in poland with 128 % margin . 
  i unloaded 4 containers to various polish retailers before they caught on . 
  and even when they caught on my margin dropped to 40 % , which was still 20 % higher than my best price . 
  point is , pricing is a trade secret of the trade operators state negotiated trade deal have little influence over them . 
   you know you do n't need to transport the goods after you bought them right ? 
  you do if you do n't want to pay the local taxes , also that 's ine way to piss of the manufacturer . 
  just enough to make it your last purchase . 
   germany is already happy selling it 's goods now here 's my beef with the eu and germany sitting at the steering wheel . 
  it 's not a trading bloc guaranteeing free movement of goods . 
  it 's an institution overprotecting the german market . 
  for some reason you present this as a goid thing . 
  a smart indian will cover the transport cost across a 3rd of the globe to sell at the same price that he bought it for ? 
  does n't sound too smart . 
  point is i 'm not the guy looking at ppp gdp like it 's the only thing that matters . 
  nor am i a guy who looks solely at nominal gdp . 
  i 'm a guy with real world experience in international trading and your stubborn naysaying does not match the status quo . 
  yes there are different prices offered to importers of different countries , yes india is a huge market and yes goods can be re-imported to their country of origin without damaging the manuacturers bottom line . 
  in fact i 've been doing the latter for a couple years and the manufacturers i work with , love me . 
  just think about this , 10 % of india 's population is equal to 1.5 germany . 
  that is fucking massive !,
