   we do n't sell airbus at one price for americans and at another price for indians to match their parity . 
  that very well may apply to airbuses but definitely does not for tons of products . 
  decresing your margin to increase your turnover and overall profit is very much viable . 
  not having to abide by eu production standards allows one to significantly cut back on production costs , giving you even more control over the price of your goods . 
  holy hell , a leave voter that has n't changed his mind . 
  your kind is rare here on reddit . 
  fingers crossed for chinas bubble bursting before the uk actually leaves the eu . 
  look on the bright side , afrikans have a better chance of being able to afford uk produced goods . 
  mixing eu and nato ? 
   and can we please make french the new main language ? 
  hell no . 
  i 'm not learning a 5th language . 
  oh man , if nothing is done another cop will be killed in 2024 . 
  finland is becoming a hellhole !, 
  only mushrooms and berries are allowed to be life-threatening . 
  fix your nature , then we can talk . 
  you and your spiders stay the hell away from our internet !, 
  does n't work . 
  source : live in an independant lithuania . 
  also , do you think your definition of democracy matches one of a north korean ? 
  if i were a dictator i woul n't put `` democratic '' into the name . 
  it might give the people some weird ideas ... 
  peoples republic of *, 
   not almost - it 's rightful danish ~ ~ clay ~ ~ ice !!, 
  ftfy, 
  nothing too concrete at the moment sadly , but we have many more problems than just murder as we 're leading in a lot of bad statistics . 
  suicide rate , terrible drivers , biggest drunks , incredibly poor countryside and many more . 
  though these seem to be symptoms of something deeper which has n't yet been uncovered . 
  my bet is on lack of education and money . 
  kind of a closed circle . 
  trying to 100 % witcher 3, 
  my low opinion is not of romania , but of a murder rate decrease by a fifth . 
  if it was so easy to cut it by 20 % why was n't it done sooner ? 
  now to rephrase what i 'm trying to say ( i concede it came out and off as paranoid on my part . 
  tough week ) what 's happening with missing persons reports ? 
  and does this statistic include unsolved murder ? 
  edit : words . 
  i do n't mean crimes that go unreported . 
  i 'm wondering how many reported crimes are registered as something else . 
  book a murder as a suicide or an accident and the statistics get prettier . 
  well it is n't the driving force of technology and innovation , that 's for sure . 
   when it comes to military any civilian death is effectively a crime yet it 's not treated as such by any nation . 
  that is completely untrue . 
  war crimes are indeed treated as crimes by pretty much every state with a working set of laws . 
  in fact war crimes are taken so seriously that they are considered crimes even when there is n't a law against them . 
  for example now in lithuania we have law prohibiting deportation of civilians to work camps . 
  we did n't have this law ( or a proper state ) in the 40 's , yet we put people on trial for executing mass deportations back then . 
  when there was no law against it . 
  when in fact it was the order of the government . 
  intent in this case is absolutely irrelevant outside of what war crime to classify this incident under . 
  a crime is a crime , intentiolnal or negligent . 
  edit : to rephrase a bit , your list is a very good set of problems that will arise when trying to tie this crime to russia . 
  arguing the intent of russia is irrelevant while that is n't yet achieved . 
  cut them some slack , it 's a huge change in a very short period of time , of course people will look for alternative explanations to a fith of the murders just vanishing . 
  it can be annoying , understandibly so , when it 's all credited to migration , but it 's really just as naive as believing someone got off their asses and fixed everything in such a short term . 
  just keep an open mind and treat all the `` because criminals migrated to the west '' as hypothesies . 
  sound , viable hypothesies , nothing more , nothing less . 
  also , as someone living in a hugely corrupt state , i wonder how much of this statistic is skewed by crimes never making it into the books and consequently into the statistics . 
  it 's still criminal neglect , as in a crime . 
  sure it qualifies as a different crime , but that does n't matter all that much , now does it ? 
   was intentional criminal act instead of a military fuckup . 
  agree with everything but this . 
  it does n't matter which it was . 
  so i wonder , what is the official stance of russia on this ? 
  do they accept these deportations as historic fact ? 
  asking because apparently lithuanians were never deported ... 
  to be fair , they are excellent for dry roads . 
  complete garbage on puddles . 
  yeah , when i bought my first car the previous owner had all seasons on it . 
  they were total and complete garbage . 
  during heavy rainfall they would lose traction at ~ 70 km/h and i straight up almost died in winter . 
  just slid off a hill onto a main road . 
  they can be all season where winter implies 10 celsius . 
  i usually give up at `` where in russia is lithuania '' . 
   to be honest , i do n't think nato would have the balls to go ballistic , hehe , on russia if it attacked the baltic states . 
  chances are balls would n't be a problem . 
  time on the other hand ... 
  if russia were serious it would literally take them mere hours to push through all the baltic states . 
  i 've recently visited the suomenlinna fortress in finland and honestly i 'd rather recommend absolutely anything outside of any town . 
  the forests there are majestic as all hell while suomenlinna is your standart post ww2 village with an old , empty structure built with rocks . 
  the ship construction site was kinda cool for a minute . 
  even when you 're on a list waiting for a new liver ? 
  we 're now all nordic ... 
  i drove across the country , almost all of it looked like this : http://imgur.com/otcyo1l, 
  yup , i too only feel safe next to a banjo-playing transgender metalhead carrying a mini bike in his backpack at all times . 
  everyone else seems too regular ... 
  they are probably bombers . 
  i feel like you 're mixing up two things into one . 
  is europe xenophobic ? 
  technically , yes . 
  then again , who is n't ? 
  are people willing to act on their xenophobia ? 
  not really , no . 
  we do n't jail or kill as easily as americans do . 
  if there is an act of violence sparked by xenophobia 9/10 times it will take place in a football stadium and even then you can argue it 's not xenophobia since it also happens during games where two teams of the same country are playing . 
  cases where foreigners are hurt/killed or just mistreated in general for no reason , in europe , are incredibly rare and , most of the time , isolated to certain regions of certain regions of certain regions . 
  not because of a lack of `` this is my house '' attitude , but because of a lack of `` my house , i do what i want '' attitude . 
  point is , yes we dislike our neighbors , but we 're nowhere near violent enough to act on it for it to be called a systematic problem ** far far worse ** than in the us . 
  what we are though is poor reactioninsts . 
  we are so used to living in republics , where pretty much everything is regulated that when a problem arises which needs to be solved but there is no regulation or the problem increases to such a point that the regulations in place are not sufficient to deal with it anymore is when our * technical * phobias show themselves .
