  now , i would n't worry too much ... 
  ha ha , talking to foreigners sometimes makes me feel like lithuania is a dwarf :d we have 11 cities out of which 10 have their counties ( the one that is left out is only technically a city that does n't even have it 's own municipality and has only ~ 200 residents . 
  something to do with it being on the border with small russia , taxes , new roads and an old document that classified it as a city . ) . 
  in those 10 counties there are ~ 250 towns with their own municipalities and in those municipalities there are ~ 550 villages with their own elderships . 
  that 's almost it , there are some settlements that have their own names and are marked on the map but legally they are dependant on the eldership of the village they are nearest to . 
  google translate calls places like that `` grange '' , do n't know how accurate that is . 
  i really do n't think the goal is to make hungary look terrible . 
  i believe it 's meant to show that these immigrants are people who need saving . 
  to invoke a sense of empathy in the viewer with the hope of him , if not volunteering refuge , then at least not to oppose giving it . 
  at least that 's what it seems like from looking at my countries biggest news outlets . 
  that 's a village , yo !, 
  wanted to * . 
  there 's a difference . 
  your typo  black power made me realize i 'm racist :(, 
  ahem . 
  in finland swedish and finnish are national languages according to the constitution , is n't it ? 
  polish in lithuania is n't . 
  god these people piss me off . 
  mainly because they claim to be a minority , when they are not . 
  you can not be a minority and have a country which was created on the basis of your ethnicity . 
  all immigrants of ethnic countries in all foreign countries that live in a cluster are a community and not a minority . 
  now the problem that arises from this miss-use of the terms are the rights and duties of both said community and the host state . 
  the host state , according to international law , has no right to prevent a community from doing anything in it 's power to preserve their ethnicity ( the legal parts of course . 
  aztecs performing human sacrifice would n't fly well ) . 
  the ethnic community has the right to preserve their ethnicity through legal means in their power . 
  that is it . 
  there is not a single mention of a host state being obligated to help preserve the ethnicity of it 's immigrants . 
  if they were an actual minority ( like for example the tatars in lithuania ) , then yes , it is the host states duty to prevent the culture of this minority from going extinct . 
  and even then the minority has to state clearly that they want to preserve their culture . 
  but this is the only case in which a country has to go out of it 's way and tailor the education standard for the needs of the minority . 
  essentially , in the case of ethnic communities , preserving ones own ethnicity is nothing more than extracurricular activity that the government of lithuania has no right to interfere with . 
  on the other hand it has the duty to provide every single citizen and legal immigrant with a proper education . 
  the education is standardized for everyone and no part of it should be sacrificed for the preservation of ethnicity of an immigrant community . 
  now what the argument of the people organizing the strike boils down to is exactly the opposite . 
  they want to sacrifice the studies of lithuanian for the sake of preserving their ethnicity which is about as silly as a 10 year old coming to his lithuanian teacher and saying `` i 'm gon na pursue my dream of becoming the best tap dancer in the world so i 'm quitting your class '' . 
  this reform is just undoing some of the injustice which gave the polish communities undeserved privileges . 
  and honestly , there 's should be more coming . 
  i 'm tired of working with people from these communities as the ones that actually leave their clusters are the ones that get hurt most . 
  they did n't get a proper education in lithuanian so when they are finally forced to speak it in universities or in their jobs , they sound like jar jar binks and when they go back home to visit they are mocked for working somewhere else instead of the `` small poland '' . 
  tl ; dr the polish communities in lithuania are not a minority , they are a community and it 's about damn time they are being treated as such . 
  not a big one . 
  at least asians do n't seem to care as paris is filled with tourists from the far-east . 
  just got back from paris couple of weeks ago . 
  if i went a year earlier it would have saved me 58 $ . 
  that 's 4 museums/sights . 
  i tried . 
  could n't be arsed to look for an uppercase p though . 
  wait , not everyone was occupied by the ussr ? 
  for lithuania it would probably be \u0160vyturys . 
  you mean the goddess of fate origin ? 
  yeah we know that one . 
  of course me being unable to comprehend killing in the name of god does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  heck it 's something that 's been around for millenia and it 's probably never going away . 
  the fucked up part is that a tinfoil hat conspiracy theory , that terrorist organizations are led by profit and power seeking non-theists is more believable . 
   i mean , do we really think that the top isis leaders are secretly agnostic atheists and that they flog and stone women for adultery just for appearances sake ? 
  the fucked up thing is , to me , it 's more believable . 
  committing atrocities out of pure devotion to the divine is such an alien concept to me that i ca n't even begin to believe religious mumbo jumbo is anything other than an attempt to control the masses . 
  only the small one . 
  latvians are fucked tho . 
   you 're one country away from russia . 
  well that 's not very nice ... 
  if you need water poured out of a bottle you do it in 2 ways : introduce pressure ( shortening studies ) and/or increasing the bottleneck ( take in as many students as possible and then some ) . 
  higher education is suffering from overpopulation in many programmes . 
   often * speaks german ; yeah , uhm , what the hell is up with the polish and learning german ? 
  when working with suppliers and clients from poland i encounter at least twice as many people speaking german , than people speaking russian or english combined . 
  if i know my russian , then the term world peace sounds even punnier . 
  i find it weird that a word can mean both world and peace . 
  i mean , they 're almost antonyms !, 
  kind of reminds me when magellan screwed up and called the pacific pacific when it 's everything but calm . 
  cool , according to the french i drive a ford worldo . 
  well to be completely fair , he did sucker-slap the kid . 
  arminas escalated the conflict from a verbal one , to a physical one . 
  the other kid then escalated it some more , by sucker-stabbing . 
  point is , his heart was in a good place , but the way he went about defending the girl was excessive and stupid as hell . 
  `` stupid as hell '' met `` 4th century is the 21st century '' and one of them died . 
  see that makes sense and was pretty much the tradition for as long as i can remember . 
  but this congratulating shit is weird as hell . 
  it was a tragedy , turning it into a celebration feels wrong . 
  it 's a weird january 13th this year . 
  there are so many congratulations going around even from elected officials . 
  what the fuck ? 
  it is n't a day of celebration , it is a day of mourning . 
  wait a month , celebrate february 16 ^ th . 
  til : when in estonia ask for lemonade , not soda . 
  well , that 's one way to get punched in the face . 
  there are easier ways though ... 
  all i see is a dinosaur eating a very dismembered corpse . 
  love it !, 
  soviet architects helped a lot too . 
  unintentionally of course , but isp 's did n't have to dig a single trench for an internet cable in any of the major cities because of how our cities were built . 
  i do n't know the reference . 
  erm , nope , you did n't . 
  wrong thread maybe ? 
  ca n't decide who 's the bigger idiot in this story , the guy that got banned from visiting the parliament or the guy who authorized the ban . 
  why websites though ? 
  it seems to me that the reasoning behind that is incredibly hypothetical . 
  it 's a promo thing for planet of the apes . 
  you do n't like it because you presume they resort to torture when they do n't get their desired results . 
  reality is , they just do n't get the desired results . 
  torture amongst cops can really only happen before coming to the precinct and it 's never about getting info ( inadmissible in court anyway ) it 's always a display of power or lynching .
