  secondly , there is a pretty big chance that if granted asylum these men will be able to call over their families , who wo n't have to come into europe on a raft or on foot . 
  they can just invite them , effectively allowing them to come by plain train or something else that is safe without the need to risk their lives in the mediterranean , overpaying smugglers etc. 
  so yes , let 's be skeptical about posting articles which are 30 % crappy uninformed or uninformative crap . 
  not tired enough , i guess . 
  no it does n't make sense . 
  the `` creates a downwards movement of similar measures '' part . 
  at least it should n't . 
  eu should watch some attack on titan ... 
  so you 're a bot ? 
  omg, 
  yes because debt is not created through governments overspending their budget ... 
  it all just magically stays a budget deficit for all eternity . 
  there are more people , so there are more stupid people , but the percentage of stupid people stays pretty much the same ( iq is still rising across the planet ) , so i 'm gon na be bold and state that the stupid are just more vocal . 
  you were the one who brought in deficit where it was n't mentioned . 
  nor does it change or prove my point wrong in any way . 
  do n't let the descending bar hit you on your huge head . 
  ummm , what ? 
  the debt of the us is 18.1 trillion . 
  as far as i can tell it is projected that 6-ish trillion will be collected this year . 
  also , i 'm not saying that the us is not spending tonnes on nato , i just remarked that it 's not paid by your taxes and has n't been in a long time . 
  it 's paid for with debt . 
  yeah but there 's twitter now ... 
  that is n't true anymore . 
  has n't been in a while . 
  the taxes that anyone pays is used as collateral but they do not cover the expenses of the state . 
  i mean usa 's debt is 104-ish % of it 's gpd . 
  your taxes mean nothing in comparison . 
  til : democracy is black people getting high ranks . 
  edit : just realized , that the subject revolves around a military rank , which makes this whole statement even more hilarious . 
  the n word ? 
  really ? 
  360 degrees means you end up in the exact same place you started . 
  not a very good incentive , is it ? 
  elders are already like a 3rd of the country . 
  youngsters ( of age ) are another large group that are generally clueless . 
  marry a ukrainian , live in lithuania ( preferably not in vilnius ) , have kids , done . 
  what you want are ukrainians . 
  damn that gene pool ... 
  has that been tried , ever ? 
  sure it 's hard , maybe even wishful thinking , but i do believe it 's worth a try . 
  wow . 
  i wonder if there will be a 2nd source corroborating that title . 
  so 50 families are set . 
  2450 to go . 
  come on , saudi arabia , do n't be a pussy , make it happen !!, 
  wait , you got to vote on these quotas ? 
  i did n't :(, 
  on what grounds ? 
  a state has no obligation of providing it 's inhabitants with houses of worship . 
  that is entirely up to the worshipers themselves unless the state wishes to help . 
  basically it 's an opt-in feature for the state . 
  if these immigrants will succeed in banding together for a protest means they can just as well travel to a mosque . 
  we have 4 in lithuania already and a 5th one is going to be ( re - ) built * sometime this century ( maybe even decade , who knows ) . 
  * there was a mosque in vilnius but it was leveled to the ground during the soviet occupation . 
  the place where it stood is now occupied by new buildings , so the muslim community will get a new slab of land somewhere within city limits to rebuild their house of worship . 
  do it on your own time and at your own expense   multi-culti : dddddddddddddddddddddddd, 
  would n't say * most * , but yeah , a considerable amount is totally clueless about what 's happening . 
  nope . 
  we only have some ethnic poles and russians left in lithuania since ... errr let 's just say waaaaay back . 
  they just kinda were there when we regained our independence . 
  there are * some * immigrants , sure , but i would n't say they came in waves . 
  pick one : * away from the war * away from the mosques . 
  she was never known to care about the boundaries of her jurisdiction . 
  there have been plenty of times where she found people guilty before the court did ( or did n't , those cases are especially funny ) , after the last parliamentary election she kinda sorta said who she does n't want to see in the ruling majority etc. 
  in all honesty , i 'm kind of ok with immigrants coming to our country . 
  i say kind of because i have a condition - ** prevent ghettos from forming ** . 
  every major immigration wave which lead to creation of settlements where these immigrants live beside each other brings its own problems . 
  cultural distrust and misunderstandings never go away simply because the culture of immigrants is reinforced by their neighbors who themselves are immigrants . 
  so just give us like 10k of those poor sobs , distribute them across all of lithuania 's towns and villages in families or groups of up to 4 and it 'll be k. 
  sadly she forgot to mention that this quota is only the first in a long list of quotas . 
  so you 're saying i should stop being ironic ? 
  lem me have a crack at one of them conspiracy theories . 
  what if right-wing nutjobs rising to power is an just an `` acceptable '' , short-term , side effect ? 
  what if , the whole point of this horribly handled immigration problem is long term increase in population and debt , along with a `` positive '' side effect of increased spending on security measures in case of increased terrorist activity throughout europe ? 
  maybe merkel wants civil wars breaking out all over europe ? 
  maybe the long-term goal here is a multicultural european federation ? 
  psa : i 'm being ironic here , though i 'm sure someone will say something like this with a straight face and a serious tone sooner or later . 
  ahhh , the contrast is killing my eyes ... other than that - pretty damn accurate indeed . 
  checked to see if the roads leading to my favorite camping site are there and to my surprise - almost !, 
  opentopomap , according to the button in the top right corner . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're agreeing with me or opposing what i said . 
  in either case i said it ironically , since such a scenario will never happen . 
  secondly i did n't say `` let all the immigrants in '' i said `` let everyone from the middle east in and then leave them here , move to the middle east and make it the new europe , just with a more pleasant climate '' . 
  all of middle east comes to europe , all of europe goes to the middle east . 
  resource rich , more pleasant climate - what 's not to love about it ? 
  europe becomes a shithole like the middle east is now , and the middle east gets built up because ... well you know , we 're not complete and total tools stuck in the 16th century . 
  i wonder how much territory surrounding europe is `` no ones land '' . 
  contrary to popular belief a border is not a line that you cross and you 're instantly in another country . 
  it 's more like you cross a line leaving lithuania and entering no ones land then cross this piece of land , over another line and you 're in russia or belarus . 
  anyone who refuses to disclose where they came from get deported to `` no ones land '' . 
  question is - will they fit . 
  fascist * who needs a dictionary now ? 
  such a constructive post , i 'm glad i read it , now i feel enlightened . 
  yeah , no , that sounds about right . 
  the smallest settlements that are marked on the map are usually 1-2 houses for residents , some for equipment/animals and all of that is surrounded by arable land and or grazing fields . 
  maybe i worded it a bit poorly . 
  should 've said `` how much of a dwarf lithuania is '' , 
  i do n't see how black power makes you an idiot . 
  unless you get consumed by it , of course , craving more and more until your humanity is lost to the god of darkness . 
  then , when all that is left of you is an animate carcass capable of destroying worlds with a single swing of your dead arm , and only then you might look like an idiot .
