  what are the chances of them finding a liberal muslim on their first try ? 
  they probably interviewed a bunch and only published his interview . 
  reminded me of [ this ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/08/31/rally-alabama-secession/71452364/ ) . 
  i hope it goes like that as well . 
  awww , what a good man , concerning yourself with how comfortable a woman being raped is . 
  i do n't see a problem . 
  just make a montage of lukashenka saying all refugees are welcome and wait . 
  minsk starts bickering with moscow and allies with the only people who were worth a damn in ussr . 
  foolproof plan !, 
  reading this , gives me the same feeling i get when playing some first person shooter game and a `` follow that npc '' section comes up . 
  you know , when the npc moves faster than you walk but slower than you sprint . 
  the whole mechanism , the slowness of it is just painful to watch . 
  i mean , people change their minds on how to vote on an issue 50 times before the vote actually happens , meanwhile , the problem is n't getting solved and refugees are just piling up . 
  welp , this might really be interesting then . 
  though i doubt leaving schengen is an option . 
  poland produces a lot . 
  restricting the movement of the produce could harm the economy a lot . 
  unless of course poland were n't the only one leaving and a promise of a new ( smaller ) free trade corridor would be guaranteed . 
  were they popular the last election ? 
  because if not i really doubt this crisis will guarantee them a victory by a landslide . 
  people are n't that easily swayed . 
  is poland threatening to leave too ? 
  i guess we should start about thinking a schengen with belarus and ukraine . 
  why fight for sovereignty if you 're willing to give it away so easily ? 
  what makes you think jeremy corbyn gives two shits about bulgaria ? 
  with this proposition you 're skipping like 150 steps before this one would even begin to make sense . 
  damn dude , i hope you 're trolling because if not i 'm afraid you 're gon na be the next shooter to go on a killing spree . 
  now who 's spreading the hate ? 
  that 's not a shovel , that 's dynamite . 
  remove the large scale from the asylum , might solve the problem . 
  also , is it a dragon scale or a weighing scale ? 
  i 'm kinda on the `` dragons do n't exist boat '' but i wish i was n't . 
   yeah but this would work under three assumptions . 
  nah , you just need the one . 
  that the crisis will be dealt with rationally . 
  and of course there will be isis fighters among the refugees . 
  just as there are murderers in a 10 km radius from where you live . 
  get protective gear and avoid meeting people you do n't absolutely have to meet . 
  it 's a comment section , not a discussion section . 
  it 's not a discussion website either . 
  did n't say it was bad . 
  i just hate it when demonstrations are called parades . 
  definitions are there for a reason , use them , journalists !!, 
   then make experiment and cancel all police forces and shut down prisons . 
  if what you are saying crime rate should be constant . 
  how do you come to such a conclusion ? 
  all i said was punishment does n't deter people from committing crimes , it has other purposes and uses which do work . 
  from ambiguous stuff like `` serving justice '' to punishing , hurting the sentenced person , taking away his rights . 
  and , you ca n't honestly believe that punishment is not only * the * deterrent , it is * the only * deterrent . 
  i mean do you not commit crimes only because you are afraid of being punished ? 
  nothing to do with being educated , accepted socially , not facing any injustices ? 
   i believe it has nothing to do with law but more with human nature and psychology . 
  i admit that i did n't study psychology either but i try to educate myself on the subject and concept of small but inevitable punishment if quite well know i believe . 
  do you also believe that law has nothing to do with human psychology ? 
  if so then stop , because that 's just a factual fallacy , law is all about psychology . 
  heck , laws are the written embodiment of the mentality of society ( very crudely speaking ) . 
   take football hooligans . 
  presence of adequate police force often prevents riots and fights between two groups . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  no it does n't . 
  just google `` riot football police '' . 
  they are n't there to stop riots from breaking out , they are there to stop riots when they start . 
   there are also counter terrorist police units that arrests people before they commit the attack . 
  the attack is not the crime they get caught for , it 's the conspiring to commit the attack . 
  as i 've said , they just stop ongoing crimes , never prevent them . 
  prevent casualties ? 
  sure . 
  prevent crimes ? 
   if i count correctly this is a sentence of spreading them out . 
  i do n't believe spreading pedophiles will eliminate pedophilia . 
  i quoted the sentence . 
  and no , it will not eliminate pedophilia . 
  nothing will . 
  reducing the cases of it is the next best thing . 
   i believe that people commit crimes on people they know because they spend more time with them and have better access to them . 
  spreading them out will not eliminate those crimes , although could reduce some of them . 
  exactly . 
   actually punishment for the wrong doing is a huge part of preventing the crime . 
  punishment does not need to be even harsh but it 's inevitability is what stops people from misbehaving . 
  on paper , yes , punishment is a deterrent , in reality , we 've been punishing our thieves for centuries . 
  centuries of punishment have failed to deter people from committing crimes !, 
  calling it a `` huge part '' of preventing crime is ludicrous . 
  also , i have a law degree , i studied this shit and trust me , punishment does n't work as a deterrent . 
  edit : to clarify . 
  people do n't associate committing a crime with getting punished because the `` getting caught '' part is what disconnects the crime from the punishment . 
  essentially a culprit would have to be committing a crime while being certain that he will be caught to be deterred by the punishment for said crime . 
   not really . 
  states put a lot of effort into preventing crimes . 
  there are even police units called prevention and their job is to ... well prevent crimes . 
  how do you think they do that ? 
   would that stop a pedophile ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  4 sentences later  if a pedophile try to get access to unknown random kid there is a chance he will be spotter earlier . 
  so which is it you believe ? 
   so you believe that they should be left running not monitored . 
  you believe that there is no risk that someone with bad intention sneaked by with those guys ? 
  not reading my post to the end before replying is a dick move . 
  i disagree with you on a fundamental level . 
  the free market has created more safe , crime-free zones than any state will ever be able to . 
  the state is unable to prevent crime , it can only punish those that have broken the law .
