  russia will not be an economically strong and stable country until it 's policies change and the corruption goes down . 
  the policies wo n't change and the corruption wo n't go down for as long as the same people occupy the office . 
  there has to be some sort of a crisis to wake up the russian people , to make them see that their handlers have no interest in making the people happy . 
  all the rhetoric now is serving one purpose - to make the nation believe that the west are the enemy , not their handles . 
  it 's working so far , but i dare guess only because each crisis `` caused by the west '' is worse than the previous one . 
  there will come a day , when russians will wake up from a bad hangover and realize that the 15 million people who worked in production in the soviet era are still the only producers in russia and that 15 million people are not enough to produce enough for 143 million and that the west had nothing to do with it . 
  dropping imports are one of the best wake up calls to this , now let 's just hope they run out of vodka ... 
  there is also nothing to buy . 
  both their agriculture and their industry is in the gutter . 
  they have n't invested almost any of the money they earned from the oil exports into ensuring sustainability on local produce since the fall of ussr . 
  the factories and farms that work today have worked since the soviet era with very little exceptions . 
  but there 's also the chance that he 's not a very smart kid with a very low standard for what passes as an invention presented to be the contrary by the media to generate clicks . 
   oh , and the noise . 
  like james may said , even the best diesels `` sound like a bag of spanners '' !, 
  oh god yes !, 
  there are three things that wake me up on a fairly regular basis : * my alarm clock * my dog barking at someone * my neighbors starting their diesels . 
  it 's really not happening for at least a century or two though . 
  no way in hell will countries no older than 100 years agree to give up on their sovereignty . 
  especially when you consider that the cultures and languages of these countries go back ~ 1000 years . 
  national identity is still way too important for eu citizens and you will not find a single nation that is willing to become the next prussians of europe . 
  well what do you expect when you put them into a center where they share not a room but a hall with other refugees . 
  split them up or see them get more and more radical . 
  no other choices here . 
  it 's not isolated to reddit either . 
  it is rare to find a site where constructive posts are upvoted in spite of being contradictory to ones own personal beliefs or opinions . 
  the question you want to be asking is what the stance on it of the interior minister was as she was the one who got to vote on this issue , not the pm . 
  the minister of interior does have a free mandate , does n't she ? 
   you still ca n't see that the statement was obviously a remark on the characteristics of eu leaders alone , but you keep trying to bind the two together . 
  maybe not putting it in one confusing sentence would help . 
   that is not the case and belief in that is the problem . 
  salafism only has aims of domination , not integration . 
  when europeans wake up this , maybe something can be done to avoid demise . 
  again , cohabitation is not impossible , the amount of work required to achieve it is the question you want to be raising . 
  i mean not more than 50 years ago europe was split and at each others throats , 100 more years ago all of europe was split and at each others throats . 
  we have been at each others throats for , what seems to be an eternity , yet now we manage to coexist peacefully . 
  so again , no matter how extreme the hatred between two communities is , cohabitation is possible , the only question is what needs to be done to achieve it , how long will it take and whether or not it is more worth than just outright extermination . 
  if you do not wish to put in any work on making it work with these asylum seekers pouring in to the eu , i understand , but to reject the possibility of cohabitation is , in my opinion , ludicrous . 
   i 'll probably done once the wrong person sees this comment , but it was worth opening at least one persons eyes . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ http://swedenreport.org/2015/05/18/police-yes-there-are-no-go-zones-in-sweden/ i hope i 'm not the one you are trying to open the eyes for because those are neither new , nor do they incite me to call for arms . 
  it just shows how poorly we have been treating the whole situation of immigrants , putting them all into one place and hoping they go away on their own once the living conditions reach bottom . 
  you ca n't teach a person to swim by tossing him out of the boat , you ca n't integrate people into your society by isolating them in a ghetto . 
  what happened to divide and conquer ? 
  do n't misunderstand my sentiment here , i 'm not a fan of taking in refugees , i 'm just disillusioned by the asylum seekers ever leaving eu willingly . 
   that is not what i stated . 
  i gathered that opinion from watching them and the media . 
  again , authorities of any kind ( national , or subreddit ) have nothing to with the views dominating this sub . 
  there seems to be some sort of miscommunication here but i 'm not sure as to where exactly . 
   no , that 's not the message that it carries . 
  it makes it impossible to disagree with any cohabitation whatsoever . 
  imagine if a wild band of purple aliens were sweeping across russia , eating people as they go based on dogmatic beliefs . 
  that rule states that you could n't argue against it if they wanted to live in your town . 
  the rule applies to races and cultures , not species . 
  humanity has a pretty good track record of proving that cohabitation between * humans * is always a possibility . 
  there is no point challenging that . 
  the amount of work needed to achieve that cohabitation and the payout gains for doing so are not banned and , in my opinion , are a much better debate topic . 
   if my disagreement means my apparent nazism and such , them by all means just come out and say it . 
  this is clearly the authoritarian view you hold over others that you do n't agree with . 
  clearly the authoritarian view i hold over ... what ? 
  i bet you read no more than 4 of my posts before posting this , how do you come to a conclusion that i 'm suppressing or dismissing anything ? 
  it was your claim of being extreme enough to get banned from this sub that prompted my remark of me not being extreme enough to achieve that . 
  you basically called yourself a bad ass and now are challenging me for being passive aggressive about it . 
  i 'm pretty sure i want the same as you , to decrease the flow of immigrants to a bare minimum without any bickering and deal with those that already entered with as little negative consequences as possible . 
  i will guess , however , that i 'm the one of us two who holds no illusions of a complete lock down of the eu outer borders and 100 % deportation being possible . 
  oh i know the feeling of hopelessness when standing in a voting booth and trying to recall at the last minute any one person who rationalizes , thinks like i do . 
  i usually end up voting for the guys with the least experience and the worst campaign because of that . 
   good . 
  indeed . 
  it is a shame though that they are making it such an easy task . 
  i mean really , suspending eu membership rights for protecting the outer borders of the union ... 
  it 's clearly just a populist move , which no one hopes will succeed . 
  this sub has nothing to with `` all our governments '' . 
  defining the sub judging by it 's rulers is , in my opinion , useless waste of time . 
  lukashenko is not the face of belarus , he is the handcuffs of it . 
  same here . 
  what do you not like about the rule ? 
  the message that it carries , that it is not impossible to cohabit or that it 's there in the first place ? 
  and finally , i have n't had any trouble discussing anything i wish on either of the subs . 
  maybe i 'm not extreme enough ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there is nothing `` leftist '' about this sub . 
  all the lefties are banished to discussions in threads downvoted to oblivion . 
  the news are leftist , the sub is mocking the news . 
  welp , you got my vote . 
  one little advice though , drop the emperor thing it 's antiquated . 
  overlord or the exalted one would suit you much better . 
  what of the visitors that frequent the inmates ? 
  you know as they say , `` tell me who your friends are and i will tell you who you are '' . 
  all 's well and dandy , one little issue though . 
  might the pm offer some counter plan ? 
  if little children refusing to eat vegetables manage to offer a counter plan of eating cookies , i 'm sure the pm of a sovereign state , elected to lead the people into a brighter tomorrow can come up with something more than just a `` no '' . 
  well that 's sad ... 
  since we are crazy about basketball , our [ basketball anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=updxq_-9sa8 ) is probably more well known than our actual national anthem . 
  in terms of lyrics at least . 
  edit : there was an article on the song published just today on one of our news outlets . 
  it jogged my memory a bit so i want to clarify that it is not our basketball anthem , but was written specifically for the 2000 sydney olympics . 
  it also struck a chord with the people since in the chorus there is a line `` we 're not the champions because of a mistake '' which was kind of what happened during the games back then . 
  there is a pretty good chance that is one of the biggest reasons it 's so popular . 
  sorry but that does n't sit well with the statistics of only 1 % of muslims being in a terrorist organization . 
  unless you are implying that only 1 % of muslims force their values onto others . 
  how so ?
