   the most important things are actually pretty clear . 
  `` die w\u00fcrde des menschen ist unantastbar '' is probably the clearest piece if legislation we have . 
  i disagree , with both it 's clarity and status as `` a piece of legislation '' . 
  it 's vague enough to be miss-interpreted and it 's not even absolute ( otherwise a penal system would n't exist in germany ) . 
  it just screams at you that there should be an asterisk and an explanation of what this article really means . 
  point is , it 's a piece of a piece of legislation . 
  it means nothing and everything on it 's own , depending on how you interpret it . 
  and the guidelines , the context for the * right * interpretation is the rest of the law , which has just as much power as this article you quoted . 
  that 's also why i would judge this move a bit critically . 
  getting it across , that the constitution , all of it is the basis for the whole legal system is incredibly important . 
  providing it to the refugees in parts may have a negative effect of them not caring all that much about the later ones ... 
  is n't the point of satire to be ridiculous ? 
  as the topic asks ? 
  [ come on , you 're not even trying ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4u-j-oeurwo ), 
  `` quotas are bad , unless they are our idea '' - peter szijjarto 2015 . 
  on a serious note , the refugee camps around syria truly have to be improved . 
  it does n't make sense neither for the refugees to pay thousands of euros for a trip to a place where they are n't really wanted or are wanted as lower class workers , nor is it in any way beneficial or even cheaper for europe to take them in . 
  impossiburu . 
  or rather unm\u00f6grich . 
  if we 're talking security , then yes . 
  if we 're talking economy - easily poland . 
  having such a good neighbor who sells you goods which it later buys back at a higher price is amazing !, 
  remember it 's only gay to get raped , not to do the raping . 
  no one 's safe . 
  yeah , no , i still vote to spread the immigrants out . 
  no more than 10 per block and sooner or later they will be kind of forced to integrate without actual forcing . 
  that , or they can stay mad for eternity . 
  i 'd pick integration . 
  catholicism does n't cover * most * religions . 
  key word being * some * . 
  i have encountered a few of those myself but they are an overwhelmed minority in lithuania . 
  sad , i was already picking out a pitchfork as i never had one . 
  i disagree with you though . 
  ok not so much disagree as do n't see what you are trying to say . 
  we should protect the apostates and the lgbt 's from islam and it 's extremities but without any hatred towards the people who practice it . 
  that , in turn , will prompt the islamic people to re-think their values and change islam ? 
  i really do n't see how something like that could work . 
  i believe the easiest way to avoid things like this from happening is spreading the immigrants all over europe . 
  basically forcing them to choose between having to put in work for ghettos to form or mingling with the overwhelming number of locals . 
  a single family of muslims will , likely , not dare cause any trouble if all their neighbors are christians , atheists and just generally europeans . 
  500 million people in eu right now , spreading 800 000 or even 4 million among them is easy . 
  tell me if i understand you correctly . 
  you are not happy with all the hate islam is getting on this sub because you think it should get more hate , especially when it threatens apostates ? 
  this is oversimplifying it a lot . 
  as someone who drives a cursed car i had the `` pleasure '' of learning quite a bit about the fuel injection . 
  i 'm gon na let you in a little secret - flooring it does not automatically mean worse overall fuel economy . 
  the modern day car uses most fuel when accelerating . 
  when you are cruising and the flow of air into the engine is constant the amount of fuel used is minimal . 
  in the moment you hit the pedal to the floor - sure , you will consume more petrol than if you were to squeeze the pedal gently , but by cutting the distance you cover while accelerating and increasing the distance you cover while cruising can save you quite a bit of petrol . 
  naturally this does n't mean that you should floor it every chance you get , there are breaking points and quick acceleration will do you no good if you do it in traffic or from one red light to another . 
  you 'll just burn more fuel doing something that you could have done with less . 
  the name of the game is accelerate as fast as you can without putting yourself into a situation where you need to brake . 
  skipping a gear is n't a bad idea either . 
  i literally thought i ended up on an onion sub . 
  how the hell does one even come up with something like this ? 
  the clash of cultures is so far off that it might even never come . 
  there are over 500 million people in the eu right now , adding , even , some-teen million muslims wo n't increase the local muslim population by all that much . 
  even after a generation or two they will still be in the minority and unless this whole immigration situation is handled rationally , confined to ghettos and slums . 
  from russia , yes . 
  the only local news in russian seems to be a radio talk show that lasts a whopping 25 minutes . 
  [ germans have nothing on russians in terms of deportation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#purges_and_deportations ) . 
  germany should outsource it to them . 
  it 's not so much arrogance as it is the lack of need to learn it . 
  they do n't hear people talking in languages they do n't understand because russians tend to live among russians . 
  add to the fact that pretty much everyone in the post soviet countries knew russian until 10 or so years ago and you get yourself a bunch of russian nationals who get around just fine without learning the local language . 
  to clarify , this is n't a russian only trait , it happens with any ethnical community which is big enough to be able to isolate itself from the locals . 
  the spanish in usa , the polish in lithuania , the lithuanians in the uk or norway etc. 
  this really is a fantastic idea if executed properly . 
  i just hope they slap on some estonian subtitles wherever possible and be brave enough to call out any bullshit fed to the russian populations by any russian broadcasts . 
  would n't mind if it becomes a thing in lithuania too . 
   most religions have weird hang-ups and rules about sex and sexuality . 
  eeeeeh , no , not really . 
  most religions and faiths actually encourage a healthy sexual life , which can range from monogamous relationships to the occasional orgy . 
  only the big ones are pretty ashamed of that part of the human anatomy . 
  would n't be surprised it 's also a part of why they are so damn popular . 
  the show is good , but sometimes it 's missing a beginning . 
  at least for me , the one on transgenders and this one were both like a cold shower . 
  it starts with the premise that `` it 's happening , it 's good that it 's happening , now let 's laugh at the people who think otherwise without questioning whether or not it really is good that it 's happening '' . 
  oliver is good at dismantling policy problems , ripping through antiquated legal blunders , loopholes and such , but the preachy side of his really plays on my nerves . 
  that egocentric belief in the superiority of his own opinion based on limited facts and lack of seeking out any strong counter arguments to check his own side of the story is just bleh :( add the `` i 'm not a journalist , i 'm a comedian therefor held to a lower standard '' and you get what oliver is . 
  erm , where exactly is the problem ? 
  legal immigrant went through due process to get in and is now doing whatever , signals respect for the law , which is * the * cornerstone for any republic . 
  illegal immigrant goes wherever he pleases , once he 's caught starts demanding stuff . 
  this can range from safe passage to country `` x '' ( acceptable ) through a ticket to `` x '' country paid for by the taxpayers ( unacceptable ) to free housing , benefits and unrestricted movement ( ludicrous ) . 
  signals disrespect to the law , still * the * cornerstone for any republic . 
  i studied law for quite some time so you need not lecture me on the colors of it ( please do n't ) . 
  i 'm just generally surprised that it is possible for undocumented border crossing to not be a criminal offense . 
  crossing either of the 2 borders lithuania has with non-eu states in either direction will get you charged with criminal activity . 
  refusing/resisting arrest will , likely , get you shot . 
  the 2nd part is , likely the cause for it being a crime in the first place . 
  that and contraband being a huge problem here . 
  how in the hell is that even possible ? 
  do those countries not have contraband ? 
  do the customs officers not carry weapons with live ammo ? 
  is contraband not a crime either ? 
  wait , entering a country without proper documentation is not a crime anymore ? 
  since when and in which country ? 
  and talking about their legal status , who is ( are ) the other party ( - ies ) of the agreements turkey signed ? 
  and how exactly does `` temporary protection '' make them * not * refugees ? 
  i mean it 's the basis for the institute .
