if only we would have a time machine , we could deport all of them back where they came from - the 6th century . 
   i accept that we have a livestock industry in this country what 's the alternative ? 
  becoming an afarmer ? 
  not believing there 's an industry ? 
  read the article . 
  it is both fake and true . 
  why do n't you take your own advice ? 
  looked at your post history , did n't see any discussion , only messages like this one . 
  real discussion my ass . 
  also if you had a brain that worked you 'd understand i 'm tired of reposts of the same news being fed into this sub for the past however long it 's been going on . 
  i mean just search migrants as syrians , there are at least 7 different entries with the same name and the same sob story . 
  real discussions ? 
  puhlease ... 
  but making a whole nation disappear ? 
  come on ... :(, 
  witnessed an act which you perceived as rape and had no reason or obligation to perceive it differently * but yeah , generally speaking , what you said is correct . 
  it depends . 
  the gist of it is that only someone who has committed/is committing a crime the punishment for which carries actual jail time can be stopped by a random civilian by the civilian using force . 
  the civilian must however be cautious since the damage done to the perpetrator can not exceed the damage done by the perpetrator . 
  obviously it 's all very simplified but i do n't feel like skipping lunch over explaining the intricacies of lithuanian law , 
  yeah but at this point it 's not even news anymore . 
  it 's just recycling the same content over and over again . 
  not entirely true . 
  at least in lithuania there are three forms of self defense * that allow you to be violent . 
  in other countries there might be more , might be less , i ca n't know for sure . 
  * the self defense is a broad term here as it includes the interests of the society . 
  basically you can defend yourself against someone acting against the interests of the society , the public good , so to speak . 
  cases which qualify for such a self defense are limited , but definitely include `` stopping a person from running someone over '' . 
  zhirinovski has 10 % approval ? 
  dayum that 's scary ... 
  denying is wrong , providing one , i feel , is equally wrong . 
  it 's really up to the worshipers themselves to provide for their after class activities . 
  either that or i want all race tracks to be free of charge and petrol exempt from any road tax/excise to anyone who identifies as an amateur racer . 
  brain washed idiots will be idiots regardless if they worship an impossible-to-prove-the-existance-of-being or not . 
  oh look , it 's this title again . 
  i 'm getting seriously bored by these recycled headlines . 
  `` immigrants are terrorists '' `` immigrants are not terrorists '' `` immigrants are refugees '' `` refugees are immigrants '' `` hungary is a racist bastard '' `` germany is is a leftist pussy '' can we please get some new news ? 
  like a baby giraffe being born , or cern doing something awesome ? 
  these articles are boring and repetitive by now ... 
  there is a way to enter a country legally even for refugees . 
  they ca n't be bothered by it though , breaking down the gates is easier than to show your papers and get registered as an asylum seeker . 
  sympathizing i can understand , ignoring and even encouraging their rule breaking - i do n't . 
  if you 're fine with being mugged by a poor person who needs to provide for your family , that 's your choice , i like my body without stab wounds . 
  i mean , ffs , open your countries constitution and look for an article saying something along the lines of `` everyone is equal in the eyes of the law '' . 
  it is one of the cornerstones of any republic , heck it 's the cornerstone of a republic but it seems that if enough people , foreigners no less , gather around then we toss that article out ? 
  i see no reason to do that and i 'm not surprised that you ca n't find a person visible who does , because it makes no sense . 
   partitions - divided between 3 empires , the nation occupied , uprisings bloodily repressed and language and culture persectued by germanification and russification . 
  holy shit that article is upsetting . 
  i mean `` what happened was a series of three partitions of the polish -- lithuanian commonwealth , we should call it the partitions of poland , fuck lithuania '' . 
  but ... 
  it is n't our responsibility . 
  unless they start acting like grown ups and start following the rules . 
  the problem that most people have with this situation is that these refugees do n't give two shits about our laws . 
  borders do n't exist to them , registration in the first safe country does n't exist to them . 
  and to make things worse merkels rhetoric was understood as an open invitation to screw the rules and just come to mama . 
  the pressure oozing from germany and the eu onto hungary for guarding the outside border of schengen is just ludicrous . 
  i mean the whole point of it in the first place was strong outer borders and no inner borders . 
  now , on a whim , the western pro-immigration people decided that there 's no need for that border . 
  no deliberation , no nothing , just a look on their face and the question `` why do you not let all these undocumented people into schengen '' ? 
  how can anyone be ok with it ? 
  might i interest you in some scuba gear ? 
   you 've said that people are n't buying russian made equivalents of imported goods , yet that 's exactly what 's happening . 
  ah , the problem !, 
  finally . 
  you are contradicting yourself . 
  if that is exactly what were happening then consumption of locally produced goods would go up , not down as you stated in your previous post . 
  which is it then ? 
  there are n't that many goods that can be replaced with local produce . 
  look at what russia has been producing for the past 70 years . 
  a good 70 % are base materials and their ores . 
  no electronics , barely any foodstuffs . 
  you ca n't substitute meat with gold , phones with diamonds and grain with spacecrafts . 
   of course . 
  thus , the sale volume of imported goods had experienced the '' ~ 60-ish % '' drop ( the number you were probably looking for is ~ 39 % , since the commodity prices in usd and euro did n't change that much ) . 
  this part is irrelevant until the question of whether or not the 8,1 % decrease in sales accounts for inflation . 
  if not , then the numbers of import decrease and retail decrease are incomparable . 
  hmmm , hard to pick , as it was basically a shitstorm starting around the year 1000 that lasted into the 15th century , then was ok for half a century and a shitstorm again till pretty much 25 years ago . 
  though if i had to pick the absolute worst i 'd say [ 2nd half of the 19th century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_press_ban ) . 
  the tsar had a hard-on for the idea of getting us assimilated . 
  being the idealist that i am , i find that whole period repugnant . 
  edit : felt like clarifying . 
  the 20th century , the 2nd part of it anyway , was hands down the worst . 
  but that 's for a lot of countries and i doubt op was going for a discussion full of `` ww2 and the cold war '', 
   anyways , people are buying significantly less imported goods than they used to , and only slightly less local ones . 
  correct , no one is arguing that . 
   the ` actual sales drop ' part is woefully wrong , as russian market is obvously not usd - or euro-nominated . 
  imports are n't handled in rubles either . 
  not bringing both numbers to one common denominator is like comparing apples to oranges . 
  so the only thing * woefully wrong * is doing that . 
  61 % of the imports are still intact , so there 's nothing complete about the people stopping buying them . 
  there is not enough industry or agriculture to sustain all of russias needs so it 's never going to stop completely . 
  it might drop for some-teen % more , but it should normalize soon . 
  and finally , does the 8,1 % of drop in sales account for currency devaluation ? 
  because you see , if a russian had a 1 bn rub turnover in sales last year , and 0,819 bn this year , that means that the actual sales drop was ~ 60-ish % . 
  does n't immediately take away freedom of her mandate . 
  also , instructions or advice ? 
  the lithuanian media seems to mix those two up all the time , how important are semantics to your news outlets ? 
  it 's lack of potato , vodka and cigarettes that do this . 
  kgb take all away , kgb look young and pretty . 
  well his claims do have merit .
