  that the us is a federation and the eu is a union ? 
  fact of the matter is that even if , on paper , the constitutions of sovereign states are the top law , in reality eu law trumps every single one of them . 
  the us does n't have a `` one size fits all '' policy on ... 
  anything really . 
  go to texas , then to wyoming , it will be like traveling from bulgaria to the uk . 
  the federal reserve does the same job as the ecb . 
  the mechanism is a bit slower and deflationary here in the eu , but it 's essentially the same thing . 
  it manipulates the market quite well . 
  the only difference between the us and eu is that our `` federal taxes '' are so disconnected from the person that we do n't think they exist . 
  where in the us each individual pays them on his own in eu the sovereign states do it for them ( still using the money of the individual ) . 
  the common currency among neighboring states is a very welcome thing on it 's own . 
  imagine having to produce goods in hungary , sell them to spain , which later get re-exported to lithuania . 
  start with forints , move to pesetas then convert everything into litas . 
  it 's horribly wasteful and moving to a single currency allows to save all that waste . 
  the only painfully stupid thing in the eu is that stronger countries of the union use their influence to implement protectionist laws basically isolating their huge markets from the weaker ones . 
  heck , the weaker ones even get paid not to farm , not to raise cattle , not to make cheese . 
  they are paid to become the call centers for multinational corporations , which basically means there will be no multinational corporations created in these countries any time soon ( at least 5 decades ) . 
  the eu spends a euro on it 's poorer members , to make 10 euros in the strong ones . 
  that is the problem of the eu . 
  not the euro . 
  you 'll have to elaborate , i do n't understand what you meant . 
  why the pessimism . 
  it 's not breaking down , countries are just exercising their rights given to them by the agreement . 
  love the bit under the picture of the woman  many migrants at the border with hungary now find themselves shut out from europe 's passport-free schengen zone i wonder if bbc ever gave it any thought as to why the inside of schengen is passport-free . 
  maybe because it 's not so easy to get in ? 
  hmmmm ? 
  that does n't matter all that much . 
  [ here 's an article on the same events in a lithuanian news website ] ( http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/world/sokiravo-pareigunu-veiksmai-pries-pabegelius.d?id=69027574 ) . 
  the text still carries the same message of `` boohoo , poor asylum seekers getting mistreated at the border '' . 
  the pictures , however ... 
  i bet it was n't the police but some immigrants asking for a place to stay . 
  a measely 500 of them . 
  if a wild dog you tried to tame attacks you , who 's fault is it ? 
  yours , for not knowing how it 's done or the dogs for being wild and untamed ? 
  ha , i did . 
  mega ultra nazi it is !!, 
  i said `` mega nazi '' and i said it 's compared to some of the westerners . 
  non-lithuanian-citizen russians are a very rare breed . 
  we get more vietnamese people immigrating illegaly than russians ... 
  any sources on starving immigrants in either of the eu countries ? 
  contributing to frontex is n't something the western europe is eager to do either , because that institution is a joke . 
  also it has little to nothing to do with these waves of immigrants as asylum seekers are not in it 's jurisdiction . 
  they do n't process them , house them or feed them , they just post some statistics on the issue on their page . 
  also it 's like everyone forgot that the shengen agreement is to make traveling inside of the eu easier while strengthening the outer borders of it 's member states . 
  but for reasons known to none , actual border control and registering all the asylum seekers in the country they first arrived at is seen as cruel and fascist . 
  participating in a quota system at this point in time is pure idiocy as it is not lead by an open and proper discussion , is a shortsighted redistribution of the symptoms ignoring potential problems caused by it . 
  not to mention this is obviously only the first in a long list of quotas that are going to be imposed on member states in the future . 
  it 's like saying yes to what is being proposed now with the added `` benefit '' of agreeing to anything that is proposed in the future . 
  no thanks . 
  what needs to be done is * tougher border control or germany wo n't be the last western european country to clamp down on their borders . 
  * ensure that the asylum seekers do n't end up clumped together , to prevent ghettos from forming * any campaign to at least slow the number of immigrants down . 
  sorry , yes , you were n't bashing , i misspoke . 
  bashing requires at least some criticism which was lacking in your post . 
  i think the sign was made by the local neonazi movements . 
  asking for clarification on what you find disappointing so an actual discussion can be started is which ? 
  wow , something !, 
  it was so simple !, 
  just to make you happy i 'm gon na go do something . 
  there , it 's done , problem solved , no need to bash eastern europe anymore . 
  ever tried being constructive and actually contribute to a conversation ? 
  going off topic here : yeah the wealth distribution is pretty shitty , and honestly , without the eu it might have been better . 
  i say might , because without the eu we all could have been again forced to speak russian . 
  but on the off-chance that we would n't , we 'd be able to build up our economies independently , without having to chase the western countries on the `` gdp per capita '' growth charts . 
  we are allies that have been bought . 
  we did n't come to the union because we felt like the western values are the most amazing thing ever , we just felt like it was secure and we would get jobs here . 
  some of us are even lucky enough to work from home ( read : without having to migrate west ) with more and more large corporations/banks investing in large it departments or call centers in our countries . 
  but we are still chasing the west on the charts , and to be honest , we will never catch-up . 
  / end_rant, 
  for those not familiar with the german language , the sign says :  your children will pray to allah or die . 
  tell me , what kind of contributions do you feel the eastern countries can bring to the table ? 
  i 'm not really sure why the hate on eastern europe . 
  i mean , sure , we do seem like mega nazi 's compared to some of the westerners but you ca n't really expect it to be any other way , can you ? 
  when i will be ~ 50 years old - possibly , but until the majority of people reached adulthood before the fall of the ussr we will be ultra nazi compared to the west . 
  you had ( at least ) a 50 year head start on developing compassion for other nations , we just got our independence recently . 
  we still have n't finished re-building our countries , a lot of us are still struggling to figure out how to make money in the current times . 
  we have a full generation of people who have not seen anything other than a regime , then got their freedoms and now have to share their freedoms with people who are ( at the minimum ) portrayed as being almost the complete cultural opposites of themselves and you expect them to bend over and say `` more please '' ? 
  sure 25 years looks like a long time at first glance , but when dealing with changing the mentality of a whole nation it 's about half the time needed to achieve any kind of results . 
   besides , christianity has humanism and compassion as its core message , ha , no it does not . 
  it 's core message is `` praise the lord or be punished forever '' . 
  it 's an assumption based on nothing more than speculation . 
  kind of like stating jesus was the son of god . 
  complaining about discussion being bad and formed on biased , unreasonable unconfirmable or confirmed-to be wrong sources and then providing sources that fit said description does not make me contrary just for the sake of it . 
  if you want people to stop fearing the asylum seekers , go ahead and post articles like this one , but if you want a sound debate over the whole issue , this is a poor source . 
  essentially it depends on your agenda . 
  `` elton , how is not investigating crimes against homosexuals , such as groups of masked men raiding gay clubs and beating those that are partying there half to death , oppressive ? 
  the government is n't involved at all ! '', 
   but using an article in the style of the ones that they might read , we can at least start to make them think that not everything on their newsfeed is true . 
  so we show them that news can be shitty by presenting poorly written and researched news as good , informative news ? 
  no , do your research before posting things for others to read . 
  it 's a crappy article and does n't deserve any traffic . 
  sure points 1 and 3 hold up , re-write an article on those if you 're so concerned about the public discussion and the familiarity with the problem at hand of those involved in it . 
  posting shit like this is no different from spreading the rumor that there are isis flag carrying nutjobs in germany clashing with the police . 
  what a groundless claim , you should be ashamed of yourself !, 
  of course everyone in the world lives by the saying `` when in rome ... '' ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  yes let 's be skeptical . 
  i suggest we start by [ looking at the statistics , which show that only 28 % are women or children ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php ) . 
  essentially making the statement of men leaving their families in a war zone if not true , then at least plausible . 
  next let 's be skeptical about why this is occurring . 
  i mean there are plenty of stories of women and children getting raped in war-zones , right ? 
  but , the fact of the matter is that all those stories begin with `` they killed every man first '' .
