ca n't tell if serious or not ... 
  * hitlarious ftfy, 
  good , good let the butthurt flow through you !, 
  sad that that 's the only stereotype :'( i love it here !, 
  and hey , dortmund got some nice corners !, 
  that 's not just nrw !, 
  ( i think ... 
  i was far too drunk when i was in hamburg to remember ), 
  nice !, 
  what about nrw ? 
  sounds fun !, 
  btw , what were your stereotypes for each state ? 
  16 states game ? 
  enlighten me pls !, 
  well it 's a sub about europe and immigration , like it or not , is an important part of it . 
  well that 's reddit for you, 
  in what parts is it undemocratic ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  a nice alternative to the germany bashing that is so common these days !, 
  of course the course of action taken with greece is not optimal but that 's no reason to jump right on the hate train . 
  just because there was de jure a central government does n't mean that it also had the authority to act like a central government, 
  ok , why again are they complaining if they chose to come to switzerland ? 
  but everything changed , when the fire nation attacked !, 
  it 's like last time , just act as if we care and then anschluss no matter what, 
  and let 's also move it to frankfurt , i heard there is a nice church that needs repurposing ... 
  let 's just form hanseatic league 2.0 and we share clay !, 
  if you take a look at these charts , the greek economy seems to be getting better since 2011 . tell me about reforms not working ? 
  about the denazification what i told you is simply the way i experience it here in germany , but that may be due to me being a younger generation and maybe it is different in the older ones i do n't have that much contact with . 
  about the support of the other ez countries , i think their reason for the backing of germany unfortunatly stays a topic of debate as we can not be sure as of what their leaders are thinking , sad as it is , so it might be senseless to talk about it . 
  about your government , i think it had the right intentions , as austerity on a scale that large can not work ( just looking back into german history here ) , but their pr was , let 's say ... disastrous . 
  edit : what i forgot , were there ever intentions as to adress the problem of apperently widespread corruption within greece we hear so much about ? 
  like i said before , people are peolpe no matter where they live . 
  so we can agree that , as many flaws as the greek have , the germans probably have as many . 
  but one thing is for sure , we learned from our experience in ww2 . 
  how could we not ? 
  it is hammered into our heads from early age on what happened , we are constantly reminded about our reputation with the rest of the world , and we remind ourselves just as often , if you just think about the holocaust memorial just a few hundred meters from the bundestag . 
  and about germany bossing around , that is truly the case , but i think this behaviour from our lovely chancelorette and her finance minister that we see at the moment would n't be the case if they would n't have so much support from other ez states . 
  it is insulting because all of the hate of the greece people , which is certainly understandable , seems to be directed only at germany . 
  at least that 's the view point everyone here gets . 
  but why ? 
  we are not the only country that pushes for austerity , there are others who are far more anti-greek , but still we seem to be the punching bag . 
  at least that 's the view you get following the media here in germany . 
  debt colony is further insulting , because it implies that we learned nothing from our past . 
  great mistakes were made in the last century , everyone knows that , and everyone tries their best to still repay for it , even though it was our grandparents generation or even the one before that that did those things or let those happen . 
  i think you get the point . 
  and i did n't think you hate me , i just got the impression that our discussion was a little biased by your experiences of the terrible situation in your home country . 
  although that is the reason i go to r/europe . 
  to get another view on the situation , not just from our newspapers and the people in the videos i linked earlier , to gain further knowledge of the situation with information not available in germany . 
  and your reactoins even to my comments that speak of sympathy to the greek people seem to be aimed at finding and outlet for your anger , and not really contributing to the discussion . 
  but that impression could be due to me being tired and slightly drunk , so well ... , 
  i think being insulting in an discussion can never achive anything , but whatever . 
  in germany , greece being a debt colony is not even discussed because the thought itself it abhorrent . 
  people are people wherever they life , at least in my opinion . 
  but that includes also the flaws people have . 
  no german i ever heard of wants germany to be the `` leading power '' in europe , and wanting greece to be a debt colony is even further from reality here in germany . 
  if you want a nice discussion , ok , i am open for it , i know that germany is not perfect , but neither is greece ... 
  if you just wat to spill your hate on the other hand , well i think hate has no place in discussions and neither so in politics . 
  there are two really nice videos to visualize what i told you before : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuohxa4vem8 ( i hope the greek subtitles are well made in this one as i obviously ca n't judge their quality ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktqknu4n9ds edit : i forgot to metion that those are people trying to counterbalance the shit the tabloids are throwing around in germany atm ... 
  that 's the problem , the point of view . 
  the point of view many people here in germany have about greece is that they abuse the help we give them by saying `` oh nice new money , time for some ouzo and chillin again with retirement ages of 55 '' ( i do n't know if that 's the actual number that was reported but you get the idea ) . 
  so they see sch\u00e4uble on the other hand keeping a firm hand at the negotiation table . 
  it 's all a matter of the point of view while more than half of the objective information get 's lost between athens and berlin and it 's all just tabloids throwing shit at each other . 
  i can guarantee you if turning greece into a debt colony was and official goal of the german government , they would faster be voted out of office than you could count to three , because despite common misconceptions , most germans are still very fond of the greeks , although this opinion has soured a bit over the last years . 
  the funny thing about this , in germany there is no such wishes as a german sphere of influence over europe ( although in my opinion a german sphere of influence is not the reality at the moment , but there are many countries in the eu as the moment that share a fairly bad view of greece , and germany is just the spokesperson of this group ) . 
  we even had a discussion in germany wether or not we could return to the d-mark , quite the opposite of creating a german sphere of influence . 
  if we left the euro , even the influence germany undoubtedly has nowadays would begin to falter quickly . 
  so not much wishes from the german side to create a sphere of influence , although some of our neighbours like to asign those intentions to us . 
  but on the other handside , what happened during the last week is just ridiculous , although i think it was not just the german delegation , who are everyones favorite punching bag nowadays besides greece . 
  thank you , this will be an interesting read this evening , 
  well , i guess we can never be really sure about the intentions of the politicians that created the euro . 
  and if i see this correctly , you are fairly anti-eu while i personally like the idea of the eu very much and hope that it will emerge stronger and more united from this crisis . 
  i ca n't seem to find it right now , would you be so kind as to post it ? 
  i would like to read some other viewpoints on this topic, 
  you ca n't build a political debate on hate . 
  ok , maybe you can but you should n't , in my opinion nothing good can come of it . 
  as we see in too many discussions even here on / r/europe ... 
  i do n't want this to be greece 's versailles either , maybe we germans know better than everyone else what can come of it , but  they have no effect on your life oh they have an effect on our lifes , that 's the bad thing behind it . 
  i read above that those are only found in the bad tabloids in greece and the other countries they originate from . 
  ok , greeks and italians know these are bad , just like when something like this shows up in `` bild '' here in germany . 
  you know that it is more like satire ( although i doubt intended one ) and you just laugh about it . 
  but the thing is , those things are reported here in germany , and we see the demonstrators holding up signs saying we are nazis and that merkel is like hitler and so forth . 
  just put yourselves in our shoes . 
  we are used to being called nazis wherever we go by some idiots , it does n't bother us anymore . 
  but we ( although reluctantly ) give billions in credits to greece , think we help them pull themselves out of the shit ( wether it was created by decades of mismanagement or by outside factors or whatever ) , and suddenly we are called nazis and insulted by those we are trying to help ? 
  i am not pro-grexit , but i can see why other germans are ... 
   the south is worse with the euro do you have any sources on this ? 
  if i remember correctly , the euro was intended to keep germany under control by france and the uk . 
  germany went along with it . 
  now that plan did n't work out as planned and now some are shouting that germany wants to do a coup in greece and that it created the euro in the first place to control other states ? 
  so why exactly do you think germany is only in this for itself ? 
  yes , please, 
  so what would make you think we would lose this diversity if the eu truly unified ? 
  as you said , there are the little pet peeves and bickerings within countries that have been unified for centuries , so i do n't think the even stronger national cultures ( compared to the local subcultures we all have and love ) would be lost so easily . 
  can we please print this on every newspaper every day until even the last dumb idiot understood this ? 
  ah ok got it !, 
  thought he had someone specific in mind when writing it . 
  go blurple !, 
  i do n't see the problem , as long as the person is competent i would ' t care about their nationality . 
  and furthermore , it does n't need to be a centralized state , it could be a federal republic like e.g. 
  germany , with the individual states handling domestic affairs on their own while foreign affairs and other issues that affect most or all of the states can be handled by the federal government .
