  other then that , this is a video suited for top-level history education i 'd say . 
  so this is what stands between russia and sweden ? 
  about that defence spending . 
  edit : i was joking . 
  no need to be vittuuntunut . 
  coast guard all the way !, 
  that 's a really good text , [ did you write it ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/historyporn/comments/32hg8b/autopsy_of_the_swedish_king_charles_xii_or/cqb8uw8 ), 
  it 's awesome . 
  i started using it in 2006 to keep track of what i was listening to . 
  i was listed as a top listener for judas priest a [ while with 5700 plays ... ] ( http://www.lastfm.se/user/kazath ) looking through that old scrobble data though gives you anxiety . 
  and now this gif can ease into a life of retirement , knowing it has peaked and shall never again surpass its former glory . 
  well , you know you ca n't make political satire without forcing the message down the readers throat with a long pole . 
  this stuff . 
  country of latvian dream , literally in potato . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2i_onud7ia ), 
  right now is the absolute worst . 
  no sun , no snow , no warm . 
  just dark . 
  oh , must 've mentally skipped that part or my subconscious read it instead . 
  i read this series of investigative articles in the paper copy of g\u00e4vle dagblad and skimmed through the link in a couple of seconds . 
  this feels weird reading here , i live literally within a minute from this mosque . 
  it used to be a methodist church before they bought it iirc . 
  we 'd rather just turn it into a moat, 
  the death star . 
  well , i mean winter is coming and we 're having huge trouble providing lodings to all the refugees . 
  they might come to realize that winter - the cold and the darkness - will fuck you up if you 're not mentally prepared for it this far north and have a change of heart . 
  average temperatures of -10 degrees with extremes to -25 degrees , and sunrise/sunset is 9:00 / 15:00 at its worst in the capital giving 6 hours of sunlight/day ( provided its not overcast ) , and then there 's just as much country with * much * worse winter conditions further north . 
  there 's already been found that many immigrants with darker skin tones experience vitamin-d deficiency because of our winters and prevalence to seasonal depression as a consequence . 
  well , do n't be to sure . 
  sd have experienced an exponential growth since 2002 and are polled as the biggest party in sweden as of august this year ( ~ 25 % ) . 
  there is a huge disparity in quality here i might add . 
  modernized t-72 's going up against leopard 2 's of various configurations . 
  i 'd say so , and it 's the reason why american abraham-tanks wrecked such devastating havoc to the iraqi t-72 's in desert storm and iraqi freedom , loosing more armor to friendly-fire then enemy fire . 
  i think a battle between modernized t-72 's and the leopard ii tanks of the nordic countries would be a quite one-sided engagement . 
  important to note is that the raw numbers of our navy is * heavily * bloated by the fact that we got somewhat around +100 cb90 's . 
  nifty boats though , invaluable in the archipelagos . 
  i went shopping today in the city and then to the supermarket . 
  saw about 15 beggars in total and cars with bulgarian/romanian license plates parked nearby . 
  there is always one outside every grocery store/systembolaget/mall , even in small suburban communities . 
  i think its for all the people who automatically jump the conclusion that this is an islamist attack . 
   some witnesses describe hearing him yelling anti-foreigner insults before opening fire outside the mcdonald 's restaurant , near to the mall . 
  expat likely . 
  ` straya 's popular with the swedes . 
  ours is n't even officially the national anthem . 
  if there 's room in your heart , there 's room for an ass . 
  the statistics around artillery are insane . 
  around 60 % of british deaths in ww1 were caused by artillery shelling . 
  artillery represented 85 % of german wounded , and 76 % of french wounded . 
  blown off limbs , disfigured faces , minds broken . 
  ww1 must 've fucking sucked . 
  i remember my hometown tried really hard to earn this nomination for 2014 . 
  we budgeted 300million sek , but it was n't meant to be . 
  little gevalia ca n't compete with the big boys . 
  over my dead finns . 
  i mean over my dead body . 
  thats right . 
  oh my i should have recognized that . 
  when i try and say viapori with a fenno-swede accent , it sounds almost like sveaborg . 
  thank you !, 
  that sounds ... beautiful . 
  finnlandic needs to become a conlang . 
  haha , i did n't know that !, 
  also , in german '' \u00f6l '' means `` oil '' . 
  i wonder if they thinks its appropriate we call it so when they drink our beer . 
  that 's easy if you 're nordic !, 
  just put - ur after most words and you speak icelandic . 
  i 'm just curious , is viapori translatable to something in english ? 
  every placename i know of has some sort real word variation , like `` greenvalley '' or `` hare 's skerry '' . 
  just keep calm and blame dutch shipwrights . 
  funny thing about suomenlinna ( tr : finnish fortress ) is that its still called sveaborg ( tr : swedish fortress ) in swedish , even though the name was changed sometime after finland was ceded to russia . 
  scoped swiss knife, 
  basically to hide the ethnicity of the perpetrator to not give the anti-immigration people ammunition . 
  yes , but is it [ nils holgersson ? 
  i remember visiting torrevieja when i was a kid . 
  walking out of our air-conditioned room was like walking into an outside sauna . 
  at least we have sarek . 
  wow , you know * a lot * of swedish history !, 
   sweden was historically called swedeland in english . 
  the modern english name sweden comes from the dutch zweden . 
  i actually did n't know that . 
  if you 're interested , the name for the nation in swedish is * sverige * , made up of the components * sve - * short for svea , and * rige * , an old word for rike ( meaning realm ) . 
  sverige = svearike = svea realm or * realm of the swedes . 
  thems fighting words . 
  seriously though , there was probably no reason at all for norway and sweden to exchange citizens during the union . 
  one fourth of both our populations fucked off to minnesota in the 19th century . 
  the potato , the peace and the vaccine quickly remedied that loss of manpower though . 
  [ i fixed a little spot for overall aesthetics . 
   funny sounding germanic language \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  something something conducted realpolitik to avoid a german invasion at any cost . 
  i did n't know we were so great to have vassal empires . 
  i 'd say you 're generally right . 
  the nordic countries are extremely similar , but both finland , norway and denmark had their sovereignty seriously damaged in ww2 . 
  i sometimes wonder if atleast denmark would be as ambivalent about their patriotism as we are , had n't that happened . 
  nothing brings society together under the nation like a righteous cause , and a very righteous one at that is protecting your home and independence when its unjustly and unprovokedly attacked by a ruthless aggressor . 
  so i 'd say our views on the kalmar union is indifferent , but we 're happy that we 're independent . 
  i mean it 's not something people generally think about in society since its 500 year old history , and old swedish history is n't given a huge amount of attention in schools now anyways . 
  i think there is n't enough knowledge about the kalmar union among ordinary people to have an opinion . 
  something that the swedish history geek patrol on the internet might give you a false impression about . 
  v\u00c4naste land,
