  some european countries have a history of communism , most have a history of monarchy . 
  some governments are corrupt , others are transparent . 
  some countries are poor , others are wealthy . 
  many countries are strongly influenced by their religious history ; some still experience internal strife as a result of religious differences . 
  some countries want to leave the eu while others want to join it . 
  there are peoples within europe that harbor deep-seated animosity towards each other , while others enjoy close-knit alliances . 
  all these things contribute to an enormous variety in culture and regional attitudes that is simply not comparable to the us . 
  and then of course the different languages only contribute to the sense of alienation from one another . 
  when people say that the us is less diverse than europe , it 's not meant to be an insult or an attack . 
  it 's not better or worse . 
  it 's just different . 
  well , see , there are some points that i can agree with . 
  i can understand the dangers you anticipate in a `` white , christian , first world '' identity . 
  i think now i understand better where you are coming from . 
  but i also think you are focusing too much on the negatives , without seeing the positives . 
  europe is becoming increasingly diverse , culturally , ethnically as well as religiously , and in my view that is all part of europe as well . 
  my view of europe is not the monolithic white , christian block that you fear , although i admit that i 'm sure that there are people who do see it that way . 
  but i also think that even within europe there is plenty of racial and socioeconomic strife to discredit your idea of a single ` white , first world ' identity ( i.e. 
  the controversy surrounding bulgarian and romanian immigration ) . 
  the issues you raise about the eu policies are definitely problematic , though , and would n't dismiss them . 
  i just do n't think that necessarily has a lot to do with the feeling of european identity . 
  i guess my view is that you should n't throw out the baby with the bathwater . 
  just because there are some possible negative implications to a european identity does n't mean the whole thing is rubbish . 
  in fact , i think of europe as a playground of sorts to develop intercultural understanding and cooperation that can be useful on a global scale . 
  for sure i have learned so much about working together with people of different cultures as a student during my erasmus mundus programme ( which , by the way , also included people from africa , south america and asia ) . 
  there are very few places in the world where you can learn so much about so many different peoples and cultures within such a small space . 
  i think europe is pretty awesome , that does n't mean that other countries are somehow worth less or any less important . 
  it 's just where i feel at home . 
  i think your comment would be more suited in response to the one above me . 
  i basically agree with your sentiments , and think that language is n't the main thing causing the rift between the uk and the rest of europe . 
  however , i can only speak for myself , and if what bluecarrotantenna says is true - that the brits exclude themselves from the rest of europe because they do n't feel comfortable as a result of speaking only one language - then i think that would definitely be defeatist , and would be an incredible shame . 
  i share plenty of kinship with africans , and therefore do n't feel sad about that at all . 
  as far as the british are concerned , i feel like there could be a different kind of kinship there , the type that i feel with a lot of other european countries , and yes , i feel sad that that ` european ' feeling does n't extend to britain . 
  it 's not so much that i want the uk to join us in a `` team europe vs the rest of the world '' , it 's just that i feel like you guys are missing out on a lot of pretty cool stuff related to being european , and it 's completely by choice . 
  that is what makes me kind of sad . 
  i feel like we 're going around in circles here . 
  we clearly have two completely different perspectives on the situation and neither one of us is going to convince the other . 
  i love the uk but i will always feel that twinge of regret about the way i feel when i 'm there vs. the way i feel when i 'm in most other european countries . 
  i guess it comes down to when i 'm in other european countries i feel very much included , whereas in britain i feel rather excluded . 
  it 's difficult to explain , but i 'm sure there are a lot of people on the sub who understand what i mean . 
  that is true , but having spent some time in finland myself i never felt that sense of detachment from europe as a whole , which is evidenced as well , i suppose , by your high score on the map . 
  i guess semantics alone does n't mean that much . 
  in the uk there was always a very real sense of detachment whenever the word ` europe ' was spoken . 
  i think finns in general are more conscious of europe , the countries of europe and what goes on in europe . 
  i 'm sad to say one of the english girls i was studying with in the uk ( at university !!! ), 
  was n't even able to point out spain straight away on a map . 
  i mean , she got there eventually , but it took her about half a minute . 
  i 'm assuming that that is not the norm in the uk - i would really hope that most brits would be familiar with the geography of at least western europe - but it just goes to show the level of disinterest about europe that there is in the uk . 
  i understand that , but i think it 's an incredible shame that so many brits have such a defeatist attitude . 
  and it kind of underlines my idea that the exclusion the brits feel from europe has very little to do with europe and has everything to do with the brits themselves . 
  but that 's my point . 
  as a dutch person speaking four languages i have encountered the feeling of having people around me communicate in a language i do n't understand countless times - in fact , i encounter that feeling every time i go to a country in europe that is not france , belgium , germany , switzerland , austria or the uk . 
  when i go to finland it really makes no difference that i speak french , german and english . 
  i still do n't understand finnish . 
  but i would n't let that keep me from traveling there . 
  you 're right , we do share a lot of common culture , which only becomes obvious when you get outside of the eurosphere . 
  the argument i was making , though , was to contrast the idea that many brits seem to have of europe as a homogenous blob . 
  there are so many differences within europe itself . 
  poland , for instance , is vastly different from the netherlands on many levels , and it took a while for me to adjust when i was living there . 
  but in spite of that we feel a kinship because of our geographical proximity and our shared history , and indeed , our shared values and lifestyle , which certainly includes the uk . 
  i really do n't think it has anything to do with language . 
  sure , maybe the brits feel sort of guilty over speaking only one language , and therefore exclude themselves rather than be excluded . 
  but even though i speak the standard english , french and german , i sure as hell do n't speak any polish or estonian , so when i visit those countries i 'll use english to make myself understood . 
  i do n't see why it would be any different for the brits . 
  like i said in an earlier comment , i just find it sad that i do n't share with british people the kind of kinship that i do with other europeans . 
  by all means , feel how you feel , and there 's definitely nothing i can do to change that - but on a personal level , it just makes me kind of sad . 
  well , to be honest i do n't think there 's anything wrong with sticking together , so to say , on a european level in a global playing field . 
  it does n't diminish the value of other countries , it 's just playing to your strengths . 
  being included in one group does n't mean you have to exclude all others . 
  do you feel it is wrong , for instance , for the south american countries to have a sense of shared identity simply by virtue of being located on the same continent , and having a shared history ? 
  do you think it makes them feel `` superior '' to other countries in the world ? 
  of course not . 
  it has nothing to do with that . 
  i , too , have spent a lot of time in various parts of the world , including africa , asia , australia , and the americas . 
  but i have also traveled extensively throughout europe and the sense of community i encounter there is pretty amazing and unique . 
  i did an erasmus mundus programme spending a year studying in four different european countries with a multitude of different nationalities in our group and that really opened up to me the advantages of an all-inclusive europe . 
  there 's a great movie , [ l'auberge espagnole ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0283900/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) that really captures that feeling of european togetherness . 
  in the end , though , i guess we 'll have to just agree to disagree . 
  i love all the countries , and in fact i could very well see myself moving away from europe quite soon because i just get the itch if i stay in one place for too long . 
  i 'm sure i will love whatever country i move to . 
  but i will also always love the idea of an inclusive europe , with all the countries and cultures that belong to it . 
  fair enough , maybe the danish/lithuanian thing was a bad example . 
  i guess i can only speak for myself when i say that there are countries in europe that feel far more foreign to me than do anglo countries like australia or canada , but i still feel a kinship to them by way of being european that i do not feel towards those non-european countries , even though they may be more culturally similar . 
  and i 'm not saying you should n't be proud of your national history . 
  but it would be remiss ( and i think a lot of brits * are * remiss ) to think that you somehow have more right to be proud of your country than other countries do . 
  your type of reasoning ( our empire was the last great one , we were the underdog , etc. ), 
  can be applied to so many other countries . 
  greece invented democracy , for heaven 's sake - some would say that negates any other country 's claim to the call themselves `` the greatest '' . 
  every single european country has known moments of greatness , and the uk is truly no greater than any other . 
  and let 's be honest : yes , the british fought a brilliant strategic war during wwii , and most of the continent owes our freedom to you , but had it not been for your geographical advantage of being located on an island , you would have been overrun like everybody else . 
  but the whole idea of a `` shared european culture '' is a fallacy . 
  there is no such thing . 
  do you really think that the danish , for instance , would feel more at home in lithuania than they would in australia ? 
  of course not . 
  some european countries share a similar culture , such as the nordic countries amongst each other , but on the whole the differences between the european countries are considerable , certainly as big as the brits perceive the difference between themselves and `` europe '' ( whatever that is ) to be . 
  the shared sense of identity has to do with our differences in combination with our geographical proximity , not with our similarities . 
  and in that sense there is no reason that the uk should n't consider themselves to be european . 
  this is a good point , about the schengen borders . 
  that may be the most tangible thing that separates the uk from mainland europe apart from geography . 
  it is true that the abolition of the physical borders in such a large part of continental europe has probably helped diminish the psychological borders as well .
