well , you can , as long as you do n't go overboard !, 
  which seems to be a common attitude in dutch policymaking . 
  downloading used to be legal , so torrenting was fine as long as you did n't seed . 
  but due to european legislation the dutch policies had to change to make downloading illegal , as well . 
  the policy of not targeting individual downloaders , but rather focusing on intermediaries and distributors , is more or less official , so you can still pretty much download with impunity . 
  tl ; dr : nothing really changed . 
  it 's illegal , but the policy is not to target individual downloaders . 
  on one hand it 's a shame that the selection for the dutch netflix is so limited , but on the other hand i have to say it has caused me to watch , and enjoy , films and shows that i would otherwise never have picked . 
  if i want to watch something specific i 'll just download it , but just for browsing and finding something interesting to watch , i think netflix is great . 
  well , being dutch , i guess i 'm always slightly taken by surprise by the existence of hills . 
  but for sure , the hills and the lochs in the highlands are one of my favorite things about scotland . 
  it 's a very old country , geologically speaking , and somehow you can feel that , too . 
  as a dutchie i have a fondness for both scotland and finland . 
  edinburgh is my absolute favorite city in the world , and the landscape and sense of history in scotland is so beautiful . 
  as for finland , i spent some time there as a student and even though our cultures are quite different , we connected somehow . 
  i love how in touch finns are with nature . 
  almost everybody has a cabin to visit on weekends and seems very much aware of ` the outdoors ' . 
  plus the lakes and coastlines are beautiful . 
  finns are a little bit odd , but i like that too . 
  the sauna obsession is strange but very cool at the same time . 
  the feeling is mutual !, 
  scotland is one of my favorite countries in the world . 
  i love the variety in the landscape , the gloomy weather , the feeling of history being all around you . 
  the people are all so friendly and i love how proud they are of their heritage , which is something that lacks a bit in the netherlands . 
  i hope to go there again soon !, 
  honestly most of the time when i eat burgers i make them myself . 
  burger on the grill , serve it on a ciabatta with some lemon mayo , avocado , tomato , goat 's cheese and spinach . 
  there are some restaurants that serve good burgers around but honestly i always prefer the ones i make myself because i can decide for myself how i make it . 
  i think that is also a big difference with the us - people in most european countries tend to eat out a lot less . 
  ( i 'll eat out , like , maybe once or twice a month . ), 
  also we have plenty of restaurants that serve great burgers but they 're not chain restaurants like mcdonald 's or applebee 's - just local places . 
  speak for yourself , i voted for conchita because i thought her song , her performance and her general presence were fantastic . 
  the dutch song was good , but conchita 's song was better as a eurovision entry . 
  it was so fantastic to see her perform as a victory at the end of the evening . 
  her win was 100 % deserved , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i never said being black magically makes you share a culture with other black people - i 'm sure there are plenty of black people who do n't identify with it . 
  but [ black culture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african-american_culture ) is definitely a thing . 
  wow , i can see i must have struck a nerve or something . 
  i 'm not going to discuss this any further with you , because i feel like it 's not really my place to do so as a white person . 
  i suggest you talk to an actual person of color about this , or start by reading [ this article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african-american_culture ) . 
  where did i say * all * black people belong to a shared culture ? 
  some of them do , some of them do n't . 
  but denying that such a thing as `` black culture '' exists is just denying reality . 
  who 's talking about segregation ? 
  i 'm simply saying that many people of color share a culture and a sense of community that is separate from white people and it seems wrong to me not to acknowledge that that exists . 
  people of color experience racism on a daily basis , even in european countries like yours and mine . 
  you ca n't solve a problem until you acknowledge that it exists , so i think it 's important to put a name to the problem and talk about it . 
  i agree about the urban/rural thing , as i pointed out in the second paragraph of my comment there is still a huge difference between rural areas of the northeastern us and urban areas of wv , so it is clearly not just a matter of urban vs rural . 
  i think your comparison to germany/austria/switzerland is pretty interesting . 
  obviously those countries are still separate from each other , with their own governments , and woe be unto you if you confuse an austrian for a german - but while the difference in level of diversity is still quite high , at least it is a more fair comparison than that between other european countries . 
  i have to say , by the way , that this is not a bad thing at all . 
  i love traveling in the us ; being able to drive from one ocean to another and still be aware that you are in the same country . 
  i still have quite a thick east coast accent and americans everywhere make me feel welcome when they hear it - no matter if i 'm in kentucky or in hawaii . 
  the us still feels kind of like home to me , even if it 's been quite a while since i lived there , and it 's pretty amazing to be able to have that feeling everywhere in such an enormous country . 
  even though i have a strong sense of european identity i still feel like a foreigner whenever i travel even as close to home as germany or france . 
  but you 're completely disregarding the experience of people of color . 
  if black people are treated differently because of their skin color , it 's all well and good of you to say it should n't matter , but it does , because they do . 
  it 's precisely because of this that black people have their own cultures and communities in the us ; because they share an experience that white people do n't . 
  if we lived in a color-blind post-racist society your comments would hold true . 
  but we do n't , so until that time comes it would be remiss to not acknowledge the different life experiences that people have as a direct result of their skin color . 
  in fact , i 'd say burying your head in the sand and pretending racial problems do n't exist , like some european countries are wont to do , is far more insidious than discussing them out in the open as happens in the us . 
  clearly we fundamentally disagree on what contributes to the differences between european countries . 
  sure climate is a contributing factor , but in my opinion it 's a pretty minor one compared to all the other things i listed in my comment . 
  i do n't see how you ca n't notice national identities and attitude when you 're visiting a country - it 's the type of stuff that is ingrained in every-day life . 
  i do n't know why you 're referring to a 50 year-old neckermann tourist because i 'm certainly not one and i do n't see why they 're relevant to this discussion . 
  i do n't go to italy much , but i do spend a lot of time in the south of france , and i can tell you if the south of france was just the netherlands but warmer i would find another place to go . 
  on a political level , there is even more diversity . 
  in my country we have about seven or eight major political parties , how is that less diverse than us politics in any way ? 
  moreover , comparing dutch politics to , for instance , italian politics is even more contrasting . 
  i 'll grant you that the differences on the political spectrum are maybe not as stark as they are in the us , but the variation in governing style makes a pretty big difference . 
  you really ca n't compare a transparent government system like the danish one to the corrupt government system of a country like ukraine . 
  if you were to think of it from a climatological point of view , then sure , both continents are equally diverse - the us probably even moreso than europe . 
  but in my opinion other factors contribute much more to cultural diversity than climate does . 
  i 'm not saying those differences do n't exist in europe . 
  i 'm just stating that there are big differences in regions within the us that are often not acknowledged by people who have n't been there . 
  also , the difference was not just evident between nyc and rural wv - upstate new york , which is pretty rural , and most of the east coast up to the canadian border is pretty liberal , modern and progressive whereas the conservative vibes are evident even in charleston , the capital of wv . 
  i agree that there is much more racial and `` heritage-based '' diversity in the us than in europe . 
  i wo n't use the word `` ethnical diversity '' in this context because there is a huge amount of different ethnical groups in europe , although most of them are white . 
  the us is a country of immigrants so it kind of goes without saying that there are lots of people with different backgrounds . 
  but to me , that is precisely one of those typically american things - that diversity in heritage is a hallmark of american culture . 
  sure , there 's a lot of diversity in any given us city - in addition to race , you have mexican communities , irish communities , italian communities , chinese communities , nigerian communities , and so on - but you have those communities in most major american cities so they 're not really indicative of any major regional differences . 
  if you 're looking at the us from that perspective , you could make a very rough division where you have more latinos in the south , more white people in the midwest , etc. , but again that 's just a very rough division and hardly comparable to any kind of regional diversity in europe . 
  i spent several years living in the us and have visited most states . 
  i spent the rest of my life living in europe and have visited most of western europe and some of eastern europe . 
  the us is far from a homogenous entity . 
  i think a lot of people do n't realize the regional differences within the us . 
  when i lived in the us it was on the east coast , close to new york - very modern , liberal , urban . 
  then last year i traveled to the heart of appalachian coal country in west virginia , pretty much the antithesis of new york - rural , conservative , religious , community-focused . 
  the difference between those areas is pretty huge in every aspect - environment , people , culture , politics . 
  you might feel like you traveled to a different country . 
  but at the end of the day , you did n't travel to a different country . 
  state laws may vary , but you 're still subject to the same federal government . 
  when you turn on the tv , there 's the same channels and the same shows . 
  the same restaurant chains . 
  people speak the same language , and have a strong sense of national pride for the same country , even if they express it differently . 
  driving along the highway , there are landmarks that pay tribute to the national history of the same country . 
  you see that star-spangled banner flying on every flagpole from florida to washington . 
  when you go to the supermarket , they sell the same products . 
  you even get the same forced enthusiastic service in shops and restaurants ( which , by the way , is not meant negatively at all ; i wish we had more of that enthusiastic service around here , even if it 's not sincere ) . 
  european peoples have had thousands of years to develop their national identities and attitudes .
