  the thing that bothers me the most , perhaps , is the whiff of superiority i sometimes pick up from brits talking about europe . 
  yes , yes , you were a great empire . 
  what about the french , spanish , portuguese empires ? 
  dare i say even the dutch were rather fond of colonization . 
  what about the roman empire ? 
  what about the macedonians , the greeks ? 
  the byzantines ? 
  were they any less `` great '' than the british ? 
  the bonds between the uk and continental europe have been the most important bonds in the uk 's history until quite recently . 
  trade , culture , hell , even war - for a long time us europeans were all battling it out amongst each other . 
  the english , french and spanish were intermarrying all over the place - most of your royal family is german . 
  your country is by no means worse than other european countries , but it is certainly not better either . 
  it is simply european , it is steeped in the very essence of europe . 
  the uk of today would not have existed if it had not been a part of europe . 
  yes , yes , we 're not talking about history , we 're talking about now . 
  i understand that . 
  but i ca n't help but feel sad that the british likely felt more affinity to the french during the height of the napoleonic wars than they do now . 
  i feel kinship with those countries , some more than others , but i feel a different kind of kinship to european countries . 
  countries like bosnia or lithuania , countries i 've never been to - yes , i feel a kinship with them , because they are european and also because , as a result of that , i am more familiar with these countries , their histories , and how their country 's history relates to my own . 
  because we have a shared history that goes back thousands of years . 
  because we 're all a part of europe . 
  as a human , of course , i feel kinship to people all over the world . 
  but i also feel very much european and i feel a different kind of connection to the peoples of europe . 
  the difference is maybe akin more to the difference between family and friends . 
  europe feels like `` home '' . 
  no , but the point i was trying to make was that the uk * is * ( objectively ) european on multiple levels , regardless of whether or not you feel that kinship , and trying to deny that by refusing to refer to yourselves as `` european '' seems silly to me . 
  now , that sense of kinship is like a `` bonus '' , something that has developed over time between european countries precisely because of those geographical and political connections , and a shared history . 
  and yet ireland , which is also an island and in fact located further away from the continent than most of the uk , has a much stronger kinship to the idea of being european . 
  i do n't disagree that the island thing does n't play a part in it , but there are more things at play here . 
  i would have been curious to have seen iceland included here , because despite being located so much further away i would n't be surprised if their `` sense of european citizenship '' was stronger than that of the uk . 
  by politically i mean that the uk is , for the time being , still a member of the eu . 
  this is what surprises me when i hear the brits talk about europe - as if it is one big , homogenous blob . 
  the idea of feeling `` european '' has nothing to do with similarities - it has everything to do with differences , and with feeling a kinship * in spite of * ( and partly because of ) those differences . 
  europe is a tiny mass of land with a huge diversity in cultures , languages , politics , history , geography , everything , and yet , a shared identity in being european . 
  the possibility to travel for short distances and experience such a multitude of things . 
  that is what i love about europe . 
  how can you say you `` do n't feel european '' , when the whole idea of europe is precisely to include such a multitude of countries and cultures ? 
  i 'm not talking about the eu here - more about the idea of `` europe '' in general . 
  neither norway nor switzerland are eu members , but they still consider themselves to be european . 
  that is why it is so difficult for me to accept the brits distancing themselves from that concept of an all-inclusive europe . 
  i sometimes get the impression that brits think of europe as a huge blob of polish and romanian criminals , with some smelly french chucked in for good measure . 
  europe is not that at all , and it deserves better . 
  i love the uk , but i would love it so much more if i could share with the british people the kinship that i felt with the people i met during my travels to finland , poland , france , the czech republic , and so many other european countries . 
  dutch history ( or french , spanish and portuguese history for that matter ) is no less global than yours , but we still identify as europeans . 
  the undeniable fact is , though , that both politically and geographically , the brits * are * european , and i never realized how little kinship the brits in general feel with that concept until i spent a prolonged amount of time there . 
  that is true . 
  there is somewhat of a cultural divide between northern , southern and eastern europe ( also known as the beer/wine/vodka belt ) , and we definitely think of europe as such . 
  still , i think the main difference is that we 're not one country singling ourselves out , and we do refer to ourselves as europeans . 
  our connections are mainly to the belgians and the germans ( loath as we are to admit it ) , but we still feel kinship to the rest of europe even if just in a geographical sense . 
  i guess it 's a good thing the uk has the more europe-minded ireland to the west pushing it a bit more towards the continent , or else i suspect they might have floated off a long time ago !, 
  i did notice how common it was , and it was precisely for that reason that it seemed so bizarre to me . 
  it felt to me like there was a real sense of detachment from the whole concept of `` europe '' , be that in the political or geographical sense . 
  i do understand that the uk * is * unique because of its geographical situation as an island , but at the same time the whole concept of europe has always included the uk - geographically , historically , culturally - for instance , you could n't talk about european history without including the uk , it 's preposterous . 
  the uefa cup includes uk teams . 
  the uk simply is a part of europe , has always been part of it , and referring to continental europe simply as `` europe '' seems almost deliberate , an attempt to distance yourselves from the idea of a europe that includes the uk . 
  i doubt most people do this consciously - it is so common that most people must not even give it a second thought - but it did suggest to me a sense of `` not belonging '' which i had n't expected at all , and in fact it made * me * feel like an outsider in their country , rather than feeling like we had a shared bond through both being europeans . 
  it caught me by complete surprise when i spent some time in the uk a few years ago and noticed everybody referring to `` europe '' as something completely foreign . 
  they would say things like , `` well , in europe they do things differently than we do here '' and i would be like , `` wtf are you talking about , you 're in europe . '', 
  it seemed bizarre to me because on the one hand they felt the obvious need to distinguish between themselves and what they referred to as `` europe '' ( really `` continental europe '' ) , but at the same time they usually had no trouble grouping all the continental countries together in one big euro blob , as if the differences between the uk and a continental country like the netherlands were so much bigger than those between any of the other countries within the union , like , say , sweden and portugal . 
  these people were all in the 20-30 age bracket , btw . 
  also , all contestants would be naked and covered in olive oil . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not sure when i 'll next be in stockholm but i 'll be sure to keep that in mind when i do !, 
  thanks for the tips !, 
  the vampire lounge looks amazing ; i 'll definitely have to check that out next time . 
  and yeah , i think you 're right that it was sture plan . 
  i 'll put on some nice clothes and check out sturecompagniet sometime when i 'm not broke , 
  why would you be shocked to see black people in a country with as extensive a colonial history as france ? 
  half of western africa still has french as an official language ; it stands to reason that there 's a reasonable amount of immigrants from those countries . 
  oh man , you could n't pay me enough money to ever put my hand in one of those things . 
  i 'd have to get somebody else to do it for me ... but then it would be their blood splattered all over the sink . 
  yeah , i think it 's safe to say i 'm never getting one of those things installed . 
  aw , thanks !, 
  to be honest we were n't exactly helping our own cause - we were with a large group and most of us were already fairly drunk before we went out . 
  that 's the scandinavian way , right ? 
  get wasted before you go clubbing !, 
  we 'd arrived on the silja line from helsinki so we 'd already had a decent night the night before ... 
  anyway the first place we tried to go was cafe opera , which we really knew was a failed mission anyway , especially with a group as big as ours and without a reservation . 
  then we headed on to this big square with lots of clubs ( do n't remember what it 's called ) and we tried various clubs who all refused us entry . 
  our group had splintered into various smaller groups by then , but still no luck . 
  that was actually the place where i stopped and looked around and realized everybody looked like they had stepped straight out of a fashion spread . 
  at least i was wearing a dress and heels , but the guys were seriously underdressed in their jeans and shirts , compared to the three-piece suits all around us . 
  anyway , at least the mcdonald 's would take us in , cause it was pretty cold outside . 
  next time i go to stockholm , i 'll definitely be better prepared . 
  which places do you recommend ? 
  last time i was there we were just looking for a generic club , drum & bass and electronic type music , but a more informal bar or something would be nice as well . 
  honestly i 'm up for any tips from a local !, 
  oh yes , that was always very clear to me as well . 
  the power balance clearly swings in favor of the germans . 
  mocking germans for having no sense of humor is not quite the same as germans mocking poles for being poor or uneducated , which i know they do . 
  there 's a snobbishness and a sense of superiority in it that i can imagine must be very grating . 
  that said , i do have a question for you . 
  i studied in poland for a few months , and although i really liked the people in general ( the generosity and hospitality are unlike anything you 'd find in holland ) , i found that otherwise very lovely people could be rather xenophobic and homophobic . 
  is this something you feel might change in the near future ? 
  i know poland has a very strong catholic tradition , so i wonder how rapidly , if at all , these attitudes are changing among younger people . 
  i did n't want to stir up anything while i was there so i tended to tiptoe around those issues . 
  to be fair , it seems to be mutual . 
  my polish friend hates germans with a passion ( and keeps referring to the 1939 invasion ) . 
  then again , she has a flair for the dramatic so there 's a good chance she 's not indicative of poland as a whole . 
  i was in stockholm with some friends of mine and we decided to go clubbing .
