  i 'd let it be like that . 
  many people are against the monarchy , many people are for it claiming it has lots of benefits ... 
  if i were to create a state from scratch it would be a federal republic ( like germany ) , but that does n't mean i 'm all for demolishing the royal house down either . 
  i meant they dub everything to catalan and i implied that it 's kind of ridiculous because catalonians speak spanish too ... 
  yeah because of pressure differences . 
  airplanes are pressurized but not to ground level but rather 2000 meters or so . 
   the day after is more important , when people light candles at the cemetery and think of loved ones who 've passed away . 
  of course , because that 's an actual local celebration . 
  the halloween thingy is an american import like coca-cola, 
  we do n't do that in spain and i 'm glad we do n't . 
  well , last year a couple kids walked by their parents knocked on the door saying `` truco o trato '' . 
  i was like `` what the fuck ? '', 
  and then the father explained i was supposed to give them candy . 
  i was like `` well , i do n't have any , do you want some left-over pizza ? '', 
  `` ahh , na it 's okay , we 'll go '' . 
  it was a very awkward and embarrassing situation for sure . 
  kinda facepalmic behavior on behalf of that father ... 
  interesante !, 
  i mean spain is a country in which you 'll need to learn the language to survive . 
  and spain will `` make '' you learn it , there 's not too many english speakers ( even among the younger people , many can read/write but lack the confidence to speak it ) . 
  i 'm guessing you worked in an international office in a big city . 
  i 'd be very glad , would speak my best spanish back to them and would also resist my urge to practice my english with a native speaker . 
  it 's funny there was a thread at r/german where people complained that germans would switch to english immediately at the first sign of hesitation rather than having the patience of letting them try . 
  got ta love drinking with pilots , haha . 
  i 'm already feeling nostalgia for things i did n't live myself , how sick am i doc ? 
  haha, 
  casta !, 
  pepero !, 
  oh man i 'd love to see that too , haha . 
  what country if i may ask ? 
  you mean the pilots or the conductors ? 
  when was that ? 
  maybe in the golden ages of aviation in the 60 's pilots would drink and nobody would give a shit as long as they seemed sober , but today no way . 
  haha just [ great ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jm2odkckemw&amp;list=plziehabhdeoet7x9e94deosnh4zigjjwc&amp;index=9 ), 
  universities are a bit more complex than that . 
  you can go from pretty much `` nothing '' for teaching assistants to +40000 $ for professors with a seat ( catedr\u00e1ticos ) . 
  but the whole system is a big mafia and making a career out of university teaching can be hell ... [ here ] ( https://www.ucm.es/portaldetransparencia/retribuciones-pdi-funcionario-1 ) are the salaries of the universidad complutense de madrid ( one of the most important public unis in spain , also happens to be pretty much broke , but that 's another story ... ), 
  that 's a completely different story . 
  stop the subsidies then , not the tradition . 
  hahaha , exactly !, 
  i mean , i understand voice-over is cheaper than proper dubbing . 
  but subtitles is even cheaper , go for that !, 
  i do n't know about train conductors but i do know about airline pilots , it 's probably very similar . 
  pilots go to a hotel specified ( and paid for , of course ) by the airline . 
  next day they are driven back to the airport to fly back . 
  if it 's a long haul pilot who flies intercontinental , they usually spend two nights with a full day in-between flights . 
  they use the day for some tourism , shopping whatever any tourist would do ( except drinking alcohol or scuba-diving ) also pilots have a maximum duty time they ca n't exceed . 
  if the flight gets delayed in a way that the crew exceed their duty time , another crew will have to take over for the return flight . 
  yes !, 
  we love you , italy !, 
  ( except when you come and take our girls because they fall in love with your accent ) but yes , we love you !, 
  that happens to me as well . 
  watching films in groups ends up being annoying because there 's always at least one person who wants it dubbed and in the end it has to be their way ... 
  when i saw russian movies in which they voice-over , within the same original language ( for example , there 's some brief talking in german within a russian movie , and they voice it over instead of adding subtitles ) i was like what the fuck ?? 
  apparently that 's a thing over there, 
  and another one for catalonia !, 
  subtitles . 
  except for the simpsons . 
  the simpsons always dubbed into spanish :d, 
  as a spaniard i can understand italian mostly . 
  i do n't know how to speak it . 
  a spaniard and an italian can speak to each other if they do it slow , the problem is , both spaniards and italians talk usually very fast . 
  portuguese can also be understood when written . 
  spoken portuguese has many nasal sounds that spaniards do n't quite get . 
  portuguese people usually understand written/spoken spanish no problem . 
  catalan can be easily understood for a spaniard . 
  basque is impossible to get , neither written nor spoken . 
  it 's like chinese to a spaniard 's ears . 
  ps : as a german speaker i 'd say dutch is the most understandable germanic language when written, 
  the only current tradition that needs to be stopped is [ this ] ( http://s04.s3c.es/imag/_v0/665x338/5/d/9/hawkers-665.jpg ) one but seriously . 
  i 'm against artificially stopping any tradition . 
  in spain we 've got bullfighting which is very controversial , many say it should be banned . 
  i do n't agree . 
  it will extinguish itself naturally since younger generations do n't care much for it anyway , there 's no need to stop it , just let it die on its own ... 
  not popular at all in spain . 
  but there 's lots of german , dutch , french and british rvs on our roads and campings . 
  hahaha yeah . 
  same in spain , we also see lots of french rvs . 
  it 's like people did n't have enough of reagan-thatcher . 
  `` yeah , i spend 20 pounds every day to commute to work . 
  let 's privatize some more please ! '', 
  well of course , everybody wants to protect their interests , that 's natural . 
  at least in france people go on strike and do something about it . 
  in spain , as long as there 's football on tv and beer in the bar , nobody will care about shit . 
  and what happened to the swedish-norwegian union ? 
  but are they not spaniards because it so happens to be uk territory , or were they just always living there for centuries , a bunch of lost englishmen ? 
  i 'd like to see portugal joining spain in an iberian union . 
  the country would be named `` iberia '' or `` hispania '' , not sure yet . 
  plus gibraltar back to us , of course ( sorry , as a spaniard i just * have * to say it , hahaa ), 
  finland was always kinda in the middle , like poland , no ? 
  first swedish , then russian , then swedish back again ... :d, 
  you 're talking about the border with spain , right ? 
  hehehe, 
  interesting . 
  and to compare , where did you come from ? 
  this is actually a very interesting thread . 
  tenerife , perfect place to retire . 
  - perfect climate ( as in 20\u00bac all year round , not too hot not too cold , just perfect ) . 
  - it 's a `` mini-continent '' in its own , it 's a little island yet feels so big : there 's deserts , rain forests , mountains , beaches . 
  you can do pretty much anything - great food .
