  i strongly support the fundamental concept lying underneath the idea ; i do n't know how effective it will be though . 
  lack of culture is n't cured with money , it 's cured with a proper cultural education . 
  i do n't condemn nor applaud the measure . 
  i 'm really curious as to how it goes . 
  ps : viva elmundotoday !, 
  on par with elmaildelviernes !, 
  haha that 's great . 
  the people interviewed for the video did n't really give a shit about seeming nice or welcoming , haha . 
  the woman at minute 1 smiled , hurray !, 
  the brits are extremely social as long as you belong to the corresponding social class , hahaha, 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  expensive alcohol does n't favor making many friends , for sure . 
  of course , one comments based on his own experiences and anecdotal biases . 
  i never had a problem with any french ( quite the contrary ) even though there 's lots of trash-talk towards you guys over here ( as in `` god made a perfect country out of france , the only mistake he did was filling it with french '' and that sort of things ... resentment left from the napoleon times ), 
  italian government launches the program to popularize and spread culture consumption among the young . 
  and as a side-effect you battle extremist ideologies ( i do n't really see how , but whatever ) . 
  american media say the whole and only point of this is to defeat isis . 
  they could n't help themselves from printing the word `` terrorism '' on the title . 
  construction workers were making +3000 $ net/month , everybody had an audi q7 and public service workers were considered `` losers '' . 
  i remember those times , yes , haha . 
  haha yeah . 
  i was born in tenerife , raised in madrid and now i work in jerez ( south , close to c\u00e1diz ) which is the city with the most unemployment of the country ( around 45 % last time i checked ) . 
  so it 's ironic that i moved from madrid to jerez for work . 
  in short : the higher up north you go the lower the unemployment rate . 
  i was asking myself the same question, 
  we could say then that `` full employment '' in spain means unemployment under 10 % ? 
  haha, 
  spain is under 20 % !!, 
  yeee-haaaaa !, 
  edit : tack50 was reading my mind , 
  hannover speaks the highest and cleanest hoch-deutsch then ? 
  you should add to the title `` according to expats '' . 
  also another distinction should be made to the `` quality '' of the friendship relationships . 
  in spain there 's lots of `` beer-drinking friendship '' which is not * real * friendship , just someone you go out to have a beer and not be alone . 
  i 'm surprised to see france and russia so low . 
  it 's probably because most expats will live in paris or moscow which are unfriendly cities , but that does n't mean the french or russians are unfriendly as a whole !, 
  hahaha great . 
  but i see them fining the driver not for the paprikas , but for not putting them 50 full meters before the car !, 
  the question is `` why should france ban the burkini ? '' . 
  liberties are presumed first , then restricted later if necessary . 
  not the other way around . 
  yeah i gave up on trying to transliterate russian names correctly . 
  my field is aerodynamics , so : - schlichting : german aerodynamicist . 
  - prandtl : german aerodynamicist . 
  - reynolds : british fluid dynamicist . 
  - von k\u00e1rm\u00e1n : hungarian fluid dynamicist and aeronautical engineer - juan de la cierva : inventor of the auto-gyro ( predecessor of the helicopter ) - joukowsky : russian aerodynamicist . 
  - timoshenko : russian structural engineer . 
  - irodov : russian physicist . 
  - torenbeek : dutch aircraft designer . 
  - li\u00f1\u00e1n : spanish fluid dynamicst . 
  does it have actual printed text in it ? 
  in that case yes , of course . 
  50 years from now we 'll have graphs like this just `` percentage of population who have n't watched any films in the last 12 months '', 
  do people in the usa associate `` spanish '' or `` spain '' with mexico rather than the country in europe ? 
  i thought this cliche we had in spain about americans would n't be true , at least not among the educated population over there . 
  best of all got ta be russian for sure , lmao, 
  well to be honest if i were austrian i 'd like to fly a boeing 777 alongside [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shc3ptqtazm ) nice chaps :d, 
  `` spanish '' shows more mexican sombreros than anything else . 
  not even a little bull or a paella in there :'(, 
  yeah that was implied by the `` social rest '' part . 
  war is no solution though , just a turbulent period of transition to another , possibly even worse , fraudulent model . 
   the finnish basic income experiment is officially referred to as an incremental reform of the welfare model , not as an indicator of a complete paradigm shift . 
  well i think there 's a change in the economic model going on and ubis will end up being the norm in years to come across the developed nations as more and more workers will be deemed unnecessary by the value generating system . 
  take a country like spain for instance , there 's a huge portion of the population being rejected by the labour market which is effectively telling them `` you are worthless , we do n't need you at all '' . 
  there must be some sort of solution for this , if not at least to keep social rest on the streets . 
  and madrid itself is light red . 
  i guess people ca n't afford to live within the m-30 belt . 
  highly interesting map !, 
  germany : you can clearly tell the difference east-west , not surprising because 2001 was just 10 years from reunification , which is like saying `` yesterday '' . 
  i would expect more red around m\u00fcnchen though , there 's no real `` hotspot '' besides berlin which i find surprising . 
  spain : castille and galicia losing population to madrid and barcelona ( or ireland/uk ) . 
  the mediterranean spanish coast receiving uk , german and nordic retirees . 
  mallorca on the way of becoming the 17th german bundesland . 
  romania & bulgaria : massive emmigration towards western europe, 
  oh great , thanks !, 
  we love finns too < 3, 
  well i do n't agree that much really . 
  in rural societies having a kid was just another mouth to feed for 10 years until they could work on the fields and feed themselves and help doing house tasks . 
  it 's a huge sacrifice by today 's western standards . 
  nowhere in history was having kids such a huge deal . 
  deciding which language to learn based on the number of its speakers is just plain stupid . 
  lean a language based on the marginal utility it will grant you . 
  in my case that would be russian . 
  i dont know !, 
  and calm down friend , im on your side , 
  fair enough !, 
  i 'd rather have those with mustard in any case ( mustard is heavenly ) , but i 'll leave you in peace if you have your burger with ketchup , 
  i agree with you . 
  nobody ever said a positive thing about gypsies ... 
  i agree . 
  i mean , my kids wo n't be having any ketchup , for sure !, 
  there 's no such thing as an unbiased source of news . 
  just take many sources from over the world and do a weighted average :d, 
  the trip is 482 km . 
  total distance : 482 km cruising speed : 130 km/h maximum speed : 160 km/h locomotive : [ nsb el 18 2262 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nsb_el_18 ), 
  my feeling is that the spanish society welcomes south-americans as they are generally hard-working and honest people . 
  racism in spain is rather directed towards arabs and gypsies . 
  and that 's good !, 
  exactly . 
  ketchup is a sweet sauce you put on pasta or sausages so that little kids eat their food .
