  when lying on the bed , your head is only so long and having a wide pillow allows you to roll over from side to side :d, 
  hahaha yeah , i can get some random words here and there if i concentrate hard enough, 
  yes , thanks !, 
  yes yes , that wo n't happen . 
  it 's just the word `` venezuela '' is being overused by our media all the time . 
  guess they want to put the fear in us so we do n't vote too `` rebelliously '' . 
  thanks mate . 
  about the second part , yeah but being better off than the one who 's worst off is not exactly encouraging hehe . 
  the media is also comparing us to venezuela a lot lately ( as in : do n't vote this or that party or we 'll become like venezuela or greece ), 
  bad food and bad teeth are actually true mate , especially food , haha . 
  on the other hand , great great music ( this one outweighs the bad food by far ), 
  never heard it before . 
  there 's some truth to it to be honest . 
  i mean , come on , from our point of view their country is 200 years old which is nothing . 
  from their point of view if you live in luxembourg there 's 5 other countries within a 100-mile-radius . 
  do you lean more towards russia or towards sweden ? 
  how much of a russian influence is there in your country ? 
  is it true that girls go after boys because they are too shy ? 
  yes , that 's one point . 
  also the fact that unemployment is huge and , even though jobs are being created , the quality of these jobs is very low . 
  low income workers do n't pay taxes and hence do n't contribute to the fund . 
  a fact that i consider to be * very * frightening is the following : the average income of workers joining the workforce today ( 1000 $ / month ) is lower than the average pension of workers who are retiring now ( around 1100 $ / month ) . 
  it 's simple math really . 
  that 's true !, 
  we can read it though if that counts ... 
  tu delft , if stem is your field you should definitely consider that uni . 
   about the 86 % : the article says `` 86 % of students * want * to stay '' . 
  of course anyone would love to stay in the country as an erasmus student . 
  all you do is party  reality makes them go back to their countries . 
  is that really true ? 
  hard to believe for me . 
  spain is a `` drink & party '' destination for erasmus students who want to have a fun and cheap year abroad before returning to their countries . 
  they used to be pretty strong and first-world-like . 
  after the 2008 economic crisis it was discovered that our high standard of living was based on a pretty unstable house of cards . 
  our social welfare system today ca n't really cope with the situation . 
  the pensions reserve fund is 1.5 years from running empty . 
  let 's see what happens then . 
  - health care : still universal and completely free . 
  the system is under strain though . 
  - education : has never been one of our strengths . 
  - cost of living : depends on the city . 
  lower than france , germany or the uk . 
  - infrastructure : this is where spain excels . 
  great highway network and road quality , great high-speed railway system , good public transport in the cities ... - industry : depends on the sector . 
  there 's many great spanish engineering companies that are renowned worldwide . 
  within spain , industry is concentrated on a few hotspots in madrid , catalonia and basque country . 
  - crime rate : has always been very low , spain is generally a safe country . 
  they might mug your wallet in the metro without you noticing , but that 's about it . 
  i do n't know man ... have n't compared !, 
  but hey do n't complain about * good * stereotypes , haha . 
  what are your stereotypes on spaniards ? 
  so all others are justified ? 
  funny you say the french do n't shower . 
  i 've had this being said to me several times from different people . 
  we in the south shower once a day but for them that 's too much and not necessary because of the colder climate , maybe ? 
  from the spanish side , monkeys and brits are one and the same so of course , once the last monkey is gone the pe\u00f1\u00f3n will be empty for us to take over again !, 
  ( just joking please ), 
  i think the inhabitants there would rather become an independent territory before joining back to spain . 
  i do n't blame them either , haha , they basically live off of being a tax haven ( there 's more registered companies than inhabitants for instance ), 
  they make good towels and repair car rims . 
  their women have mustaches . 
  france - god made a perfect country over there except then he made the mistake of filling it with frenchmen . 
  andorra - the whole country is basically just a sky-resort . 
  plus tax-haven . 
  uk - return gibraltar back to us !, 
  morocco - you shall not pass !, 
  spanish camping sites are full of dutch , german and to a lesser extent , french camper vans . 
  people ( but do n't quote * me * having said so ) say the dutch are very `` cheap '' and do n't want to spend much money on travelling . 
  the united states of america is ( are ? ), 
  a great country . 
  if not always necessarilly by their take on world politics ( which sometimes clouds judgement ) , it has produced soooo many individuals that have contributed so much to humankind that it 's something to admire . 
  just going through my music library , most artists happen to be american ( you might think that this example is frivolous , i say we are nothing without culture and i 'm grateful to americans for producing such high-quality ) . 
  americans seem to have an attitude of `` doing '' stuff , of `` why could n't i do it ? '', 
  and a great view of initial failure as an individual 's learning steps towards a future greater success whereas many europeans are told `` be humble , do n't think you 're special , keep a low profile '' , `` do n't risk too much , you might fail helplessly '' and `` why * could * i do it , i 'm not anything special ? '' . 
  i do n't know what nice things americans should say about spain . 
  let them decide ... 
  actually most frenchmen i 've known in real life were pretty nice and welcoming people !, 
  ( yeah you wo n't hear me saying that in spain either , haha , we must perpetuate cliches forever xd ), 
  i 'd move to germany cause i speak german and as an engineer i 'd find my place there . 
  if money was n't an issue , then france cause i secretly believe it 's the best country in the world if you take everything into account ( but i ca n't be heard publicly saying this in spain or they 'd crucify me ) . 
  ps : was n't there a thread like this just a couple days ago ? 
  they are all pretty much the same . 
  i like the [ german ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7a/biometrie_reisepass_deutsch.jpg ) one for simplicity and the eagle . 
  also besides the point but i 'd love to travel with a [ laissez-passer ] ( http://images.delcampe.com/img_large/auction/000/134/561/548_001.jpg?v=1 ) diplomatic passport . 
  must feel like a badass with one of those . 
  do n't know if official or not , but there 's also leon\u00e9s in le\u00f3n , bable in asturas , guanche in the canary islands . 
  and some might say , for fun , that andalusian is a completely different language haha . 
  what about plattdeutsch in the hamburg region ? 
  in spain a `` room '' means `` bedroom '' . 
  living room , bathroom , kitchen etc. 
  are taken for granted . 
  well , i 'd like to know deeper about why our country is like it is , that involves studying both history and sociology ( which i unfortunately have n't ) . 
  you could probably say it 's structural and cultural reasons that go back for decades if not centuries , or just say ( recklessly and in one short paragraph ) that the recent housing/construction bubble that burst in 2008 sunk the country into a deep recession from which it has n't yet recovered ( because of mismanagement , cultural reasons or whatever ) and whose consequences are being paid mostly by the youngest population . 
  many talk about a `` lost generation '' , `` the first generation that will live more miserably than their parents '' etc. 
  that 's a good question . 
  not too many i guess . 
  moving to germany is not as easy as you might think , for one , speaking german is a big issue . 
  even if they speak decent english in germany believe it or not everyday germans like to speak german and a spaniard who speaks a bit of english at best will have quite a hard time finding a decent job and integrating in the german society without ending up socially excluded together with other eastern europeans . 
  most spaniards that leave try the uk or ireland where they end up dishwashing and just `` surviving '' . 
  that being said , many millenials are learning german in spain with the intention of moving there eventually .
