  many highly-qualified spaniards ( stem graduates ) who speak decent english and some german * do * find good job opportunities in germany , but these are just a minority of the spanish youth . 
  moggy 's * the * man . 
  if i lived in north east somerset i 'd * have * to vote for him . 
  he might be forcing that twang upon himself ( \u00e0 la tony blair ) in order to gain the sympathy of the lower classes which are his main supporters after all . 
  come on his english is bbc-worthy, 
  spain will top the ranking of european countries where the young are * worst * off . 
  youth unemployment is at about 50 % , but this figure is a bit optimistic because many people choose to study * just * because they ca n't find a job . 
  in reality they are just postponing their inevitable unemployment and fooling themselves . 
  and among those who work salaries and conditions are for crying out loud , people take those `` jobs '' for the sake of gathering experience while living at mommies or under parental financial support . 
  most people will go through low to nothing paying internships chaining 6-month contract after 6-month contract for years . 
  companies will force young , qualified applicants to signing up to bullshit studies just to continue being elligible for study-internships . 
  now with the new bologna education system , studying a master has become sort of a luxury because of increased fees and upper education is becoming something for the rich again . 
  those who are somewhat better off ? 
  engineers and stem graduates consider themselves very lucky as they might be making ( best-case scenario ) $ 1000 net a month in cities like madrid or barcelona . 
  the guy has a point , it 's still much more common in europe than in the usa . 
  anti-patriotic feelings in the usa are frowned upon by society whereas in europe people wo n't `` reject '' them , per se . 
  yeah , that 's a good question and one that i can see an american asking . 
  another thing americans do n't understand about europe is why people here like bragging about how * poor * they are , as in , you 'll never see anyone proudly saying `` well i make 120k and i 'm just 30 etc. 
  '' , but hearing people openly stating how little they make is common . 
  in the usa it 's the other way around , people who do n't make much are ashamed of saying so , and people who make some money are regarded as `` succesful '' , someone who `` did it '' . 
  i love his accent and hearing him speak ( best eu-parliament troll ever ) , british upper class just like [ jacob rees-mogg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eotso1ub22c ) . 
  other than that i disagree with him on pretty much every issue . 
  ethnically speaking , there 's both european ( white , caucasian , slavs , however you want to call it ) russians and asian russians . 
  there 's many nationalities amongst russians , it 's a vast country . 
  when i visited russia people would either call themselves europeans or just russians , not asian . 
  i was west of the ural mountains too so maybe that had an influence . 
   american english , so that 's what we had to use wait , they forced you to use ae on papers ? 
  they could ask you to be consistent with either ae or be but force you into ae is stupid . 
  what if there 's native be-speakers in the uni ( exchange or whatever ) , would they have to use ae too ? 
  that 's nonsense , you should be watching [ downton abbey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8uw15pmf68 ), 
  british english in school . 
  but i consume american english on tv shows , music , films , books etc. 
  so now it 's probably a bad mess . 
  i recently asked a native english what my accent would be , he said british . 
  i 'm proud of that , received pronunciation for the win !, 
  sure , that 's always a possibility . 
  but if it 's always me who makes the comparison and girls from other countries seem more approachable * to me * , then however much or little interesting i am does n't really matter at all . 
  the point is still valid , 
  oh man the swedes got ta love their saabs !, 
  the 900 is a beauty . 
  such a pity the company is gone ( at least the automotive branch ) ... 
  my car is a 1999 sedan ( mercedes w202 ) and that 's the car i see the most every day so it drags the median age up quite a bit hehe but seriously , where i live in southern spain i 'd say most cars are either 10 + years or less than 3 years old . 
  during the economic crisis there was a perceivable drop in car sales , there 's hence a `` lack '' of cars from 2008-2014 . 
  it 's pretty rare to see a car that 's more than 20 years old though . 
  nothing like the us where you can still see 60 's or 70 's classics on a regular basis . 
  average age of the spanish fleet is about 11 years from what i can read . 
  i also fall in love with blonde teutone m\u00e4dels whenever i 'm in deutschland . 
  there 's surely an element of not-being-used-to-it to it on both sides . 
  tip : you can easily recognize franco supporters , they say `` esto con franco no pasaba '' every time they have a chance . 
  i was young and inexperienced . 
  also curious about foreigners xd ps : it 's not like spanish girls are much better either . 
  they might * look * better , but that 's about it . 
  sure , any time !, 
  one less non-eu border to worry about . 
  of course . 
  the spanish state officially claims gibraltar to belong to us ( like it 's not just a bunch of radical extremists ) . 
  it 's caused a few diplomatic headaches already . 
  okay sure , drunk brits * and * germans xd, 
  maybe you were implicitly thinking gibraltar was obviously spanish ? 
  you meant 4:00 am , right ? 
  ps : i know that feelin ' bro, 
  trying to `` flirt '' with american girls . 
  they were plain as hell , unimpressible , could n't care less about you , would n't make the least effort to have a conversation . 
  it 's like : come on girl !, 
  you 're several thousand kilometers away from your home town in a strange country and you take it for granted that i speak english ? 
  could n't you at least ask why my english is good or something ? 
  bah fuck off i see some nice and receptive french girls over there . 
  i do n't know that one . 
  try `` joselito '' ( prepare your wallet too , but worth it ), 
  hahaha , and then they say we spaniards do n't have any of that `` british wit '' , haha, 
  spain has 5 direct neighbours : france , portugal , uk , andorra and morrocco . 
  although my brain would say morrocco is the least favourite , my heart has to go for the uk . 
  even more so after brexit . 
  i 'd really love to see a bridge from copenhagen directly to oslo running parallel to the swedish coast , would be hilarious lol, 
  still having some resentment over russia taking over finland 200 years ago , eh ? 
  at least back then it * was * a direct neighbour xd, 
  yes , absolutely . 
  i 'm in favour of anything that makes the eu acquire a more united-state-like structure . 
  for being eligible to vote the `` foreigner '' should be a resident of the country he 's in . 
  i mean he should be registered , have an address , bank account and so forth . 
  whether he must have been a resident for a minimum amount of time , i would n't know what to say . 
  maybe at least 1 year or 2 seems fair enough . 
  from what i 've seen around spain the general attitude is `` meh '' . 
  there 's a positive attitude towards latin-americans ( easy to see why , we share language , culture , religion etc. ), 
  and a negative attitude towards gypsies . 
  muslims are kinda in the middle i guess . 
  at least we agree in that heineken is worse than carlsberg xd, 
  wait , you drive on the left , so on the stairs you should be standing on the left and walking on the right , the other way around !, 
  oh come on , those lower courts had no sense of humor !, 
  the higher ones did though :d, 
  hahaha , you got ta love trolling german tourists, 
  that 's very interesting . 
  could it be because of the police not being able to handle or to adapt themselves to a sudden increase in crime rates over the past , say , 10-15 years in a country that 's traditionally been extremely peaceful ? 
  mixed feelings in spain . 
  many left leaning spaniards regard the police as the armed forces of the right political establishment . 
  particularly so after the infamous `` ley mordaza '' ( [ gag law ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/23/opinion/spains-ominous-gag-law.html?_r=1 ) ) that police agencies enforce . 
  many regard policemen as dumb , the stereotype is the typical class bully who could n't get into uni became a policeman . 
  it 's hard to get in today because of the few position-openings but a few years ago the doors were pretty much wide open for anyone who wanted to join . 
  there 's also been corruption cases although corruption is institutionalized locally at higher levels . 
  the tipical policeman patrolling on the street is usually not corrupt .
