  then there 's also a lot of people studying philology , history , art and so on ; these have a tougher time landing a job and many work in completely unrelated fields . 
  the ones who have the best chances are engineers and physicians ( medics ) , but there 's still trouble to find decent jobs here . 
  the whole spanish job market stinks honestly . 
  interesting insight !, 
  i had the impression that in those countries * not * acquiring a university education is something of a `` no-no '' for many families , who 'd feel ashamed if their children do n't do it . 
  also competition amongst students is said to be insanely fierce . 
  yeah ... salaries are * that * low in spain . 
  the reason is macro-economical in nature . 
  it 's not sensible to pinpoint the reason of southern unemployment to the old clich\u00e9 of `` people are just lazy and do n't want to leave their parent 's house '' . 
  it 's true however , as i think you implied , that southerns have stronger `` family '' values/ties and feel attached to their families . 
  this does n't mean they are n't willing to move anywhere for work or opportunities . 
  most friends of mine have either worked or studied abroad , myself included . 
  do n't want to incur in the `` anecdotal fallacy '' here , but i do n't believe that southerns `` just do n't want to move at any cost '' . 
  it 's not really a valid reason . 
  it 's not like people in the south refuse to leave the nest because they live well in hotel-mommy . 
  to move out of your home you need to be able to support yourself financially first , this implies getting a job . 
  if there 's no safe job in the first place , moving out to the big cities with enough money for a couple months of surviving is crazy . 
  people would lose their savings and end up `` slave-working '' at best because of desperation . 
  what northern people sometimes do n't get is that there 's just no work for everyone down here . 
  20 % unemployment !!, 
  and the government is celebrating because it 's `` just '' 20 % , not 30 % like it used to be 5 years ago . 
  i would say law and business administration . 
  there 's virtually a law and business faculty at every town over 50.000 inhabitants . 
  good point . 
  i can presume that if we analyzed `` adequate employment in relation with field of study '' the graph would look worse for the bottom countries of the list . 
  speaking of spain , a country with an unemployment rate of 20 % , employers can allow themselves the luxury of filtering out candidates by the virtue of lacking a university education , even if the job does n't require it at all . 
  i 'm not surprised to see italy low on the list . 
  if anything , i 'm surprised that portugal or spain are higher up . 
  italy and spain have `` pecualiar '' education cultures : there 's a huge amount of students who do n't make it through high-school and then there 's a large amount of people who go to university . 
  but there 's little `` in-between '' , it 's like a black or white thing . 
  many of the people who get a university degree do so in a field that 's not really demanded by the labour market and hence find difficulty in getting a job . 
  i 'm surprised to see spain so high . 
  unemployment amongst the young graduates here in spain is huge . 
  this probably has to do with defining `` adequate employment '' . 
  it 's not adequate employment to me if someone studied a bsc in economics and then works in something completely unrelated . 
  are they working ? 
  well yes , but not because of their studies . 
  also the number of unpaid or ridiculously low paid interns is endemic . 
  most engineering graduates assume they will have for free/peanuts at least for their first year , so as to acquire some professional experience . 
  i agree with everything except for the last part . 
  there 's a much stronger bond between spain and argentina than any other latin-american country because of ethnicity . 
  a lot of argentinians are from spanish/italian descendence and feel themselves more related to europe than the rest of latin-america . 
  chile to an extent also fits in this category . 
  none at all really . 
  if you mean culture like music , films , tv shows etc. 
  we in spain do n't generally consume any coming from mexico . 
  it 's not comparable at all with how the uk consumes us media and the other way . 
  as an example : there 's an internet ongoing rivalry between `` mexican '' simpsons and `` spanish '' simpsons translations . 
  most people in spain would find it very weird and probably refuse listening to the mexican translation . 
  they call homer `` homero '' for christ 's sake !, 
  if you mean news media , same thing . 
  best place to retire in europe is tenerife , canary islands , spain . 
  end of discussion . 
  queso payoyo from the sierra de ubrique , c\u00e1diz , southern spain . 
  ps : if you 're around the area , go to a little village called `` villaluenga del rosario '' and buy it at the local factory . 
  price is around 20 $ / kg . 
  ah yes you 're right !, 
  the drink itself is great , yes . 
  what 's not great is the stupid `` epidemic '' around it that we have in spain . 
  every time a waiter pours the tonic through the barspoon to break the bubbles or any other nonsense a little kitten dies ... 
  in spain minimum wage for a full-time , 40 hours per week job would be around 650 $ . 
  but if you work 20 hours it 's half that amount , so 325 $ . 
  and so on . 
  the minimum is only an hourly figure , not weekly , monthly or yearly . 
  yeah i know 1862 , that 's one i was going to recommend . 
  also try : harvey 's ( they have great burgers too ) , josealfredo , and sambhad near plaza de espa\u00f1a ( across the sala heineken ) . 
  del diego and museo chicote have all the fame but i did n't really like them when i visited last times . 
   portugal is suffering from a g & t epidemic i know that feeling bro, 
  in italy and as far as cocktails goes drinking anything other than a negroni is just wrong . 
  negroni : equal parts campari , sweet vermouth and gin . 
  served on the rocks in an old fashioned glass . 
  the most popular `` cocktail '' in spain would be the gin & tonic , which people here call `` gintonic '' . 
  they serve them in these huge balloons glasses with a bunch of spices and salads they put inside . 
  `` gintonic '' bars have become quite popular in the past years , places with a dedicated menu for dozens of different types depending on the gin , the tonic and the salad used ... 
  funny enough , this trend is a thing of the past 5 years . 
  years ago gintonic used to be a drink for old retirees who 'd go to their local neighbourhood bar and just wanted a cheap drink . 
  besides that , people drink rum & coke or vodka with orange for instance too . 
  very few people ( or at least i have n't met them ) drink whisky . 
  there 's not much of a cocktail culture in spain . 
  i love classic cocktails and know a few places in madrid ( and one in jerez ) where they make decent cocktails like old-fashioned , manhattan , martini etc. 
  but the vast majority of people have no idea about these . 
  casa pepe is a great road-stop !, 
  come on , no matter your political ideology it 's always fun to step into that place . 
  spain is a nation of nations . 
  and that 's good , that 's why our country is so culturally and socially rich . 
  yeah , haha , that 's what i was thinking about too !, 
  also , originally you 're tied to the euro but are allowed to fluctuate + - 15 % . 
  the danes reduced the margin to 2.5 % , so they might just as well adopt the euro and get over with it ? 
  i think they 're just too proud to admit that they are part of the eu and want to retain their identity , just like the uk . 
  there 's probably better reasons for it and economists might explain ... 
  yeah , the canary islands are outside the [ eu vat area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_value_added_tax#eu_vat_area ) , just like the autonomous cities of ceuta and melilla . 
  spain is best friends with italy first and then with portugal and france second . 
  italy is almost the same country . 
  portugal is a friend , but we in spain do n't know much about them either , sadly . 
  ( except that you go to portugal to buy towels ) about france , many spaniards will say they hate them and so on ( gabachos blablabla ) ... 
  but actually they secretly love them and would make out with them in the dark back of the cinema when nobody was looking, 
  except for coffee . 
  you guys take your coffee seriously . 
  i mean , italians are smarter than spaniards , they have known how to make an `` italian brand '' . 
  it 's like , everybody is crazy about italian olive oil but ours is just as good or better ... and there 's italian restaurants everywhere in the world , but no so with spanish restaurants .
