  something like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnc3x42mha4, 
  the article was written on june 15th , does that mean it was dated one week after release ? 
  [ yeah man , i seen 'em doin ' it , they fuckin ' drownin ' 'em in that shit !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/6pkq_ebhxj4?t=1m28s ), 
  hahaha indeed, 
  oh my god that 's heresy !, 
  ps : i 'm gon na start an anti-ketchup and pro-tomato sauce campaign here in spain someday . 
  it 's so sinful to use the sugary-americanized version of a perfectly fine and healthy national sauce !, 
  most of spanish citizenship receptors are from former spanish colonies , there 's `` fast lanes '' for them . 
  a south american need only legally reside in spain for 2 years to be able to apply for citizenship whereas someone from elsewhere has to reside for 10 years . 
  also many south americans can prove some kind of family-tie to a spaniard and are hence granted citizenship on the basis of `` family reunification '' . 
  as an engineer who speaks german , i 'd move to germany hands-down . 
  whether congress * can * pass laws after its constitution and the appointment of all mps , well in theory one might think so , but for complicated political reasons , in reality it just does n't happen . 
  the legislative branch is * de facto * paralyzed . 
  the spanish upper and lower chambers have n't passed any laws since october 2015 before the first elections . 
  the executive branch is limited in its functions until a new government is appointed . 
  for instance , they ca n't submit any law proposals for review to the chambers . 
  the leaving executive government has also refused to submit itself to the scrutiny of congress ( control sessions ) , which many claim is unconstitutional . 
  thanks for that !, 
  many thanks for that !, 
  this is how snow is removed from the tracks : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93to938i0l4&amp;t=0s, 
  well they are in the process of studying those floating underwater tunnels , right ? 
  that 's a mega-huge project , if it 's done i 'd absolutely love to go see it . 
  sorry , that 's the aviator in me talking :d, 
  it 's ironic that this man was n't sentenced for the sake of `` freedom of speech '' yet he is campaigning for the banning of the koran . 
  yeah , i think that 's a great decision !, 
  my advice : - generally : try visiting less places for more days . 
  it will be a hectic trip . 
  but if that 's what you like , go ahead !, 
  - skip brussels ( overrated ) . 
  if you want to visit a belgian city , go to ghent . 
  - spend one less night in oslo and one more night in paris . 
  interesting read . 
  it 's a country most people over here know so little about . 
  without wanting to be rude , this idea is nuts and stupid . 
  so a polish immigrant has the same impact on germany as a syrian refugee ? 
  that 's what you 're implying ? 
  if the main criterion for choosing one bar over another is the amount of people in it ( the more the better ) , i can bet my arm you 're from southern europe xd, 
  interesting thought . 
  but have in mind that , in country with a marked class systems like the uk , leaders go to the top universities . 
  the question is now whether the education in these institutions is good or not . 
  and of course a myriad of other questions such as : why do n't the masses have access to this education , how 's the education for most others , what 's the quality of public education and so on . 
  most of the answers to these questions fall on the negative/pessimist side i 'm afraid . 
  i do think education is what 's preventing us from becoming a true free society nowadays . 
  i look at myself and i often think : damn , i 'm not stupid , i 've got a curious mind , i want to know about `` stuff '' , i 'm not a genius either but i lack in soooo many areas . 
  is this my fault or the fault of the education system i 've been through ? 
  as an individual i could blame myself but when we talk system-wide , it 's the educational institutions that fail . 
  about taking `` elaborated , crafted and/or sophisticated '' opinion for fact , that 's real issue . 
  it happens everyday and in every field , not just the academics . 
  not enough logic and philosophy is taught ; and i 'm writing this from a country that 's suggesting to get rid of philosophy education in high-school altogether . 
  this article is 5 years old , but interesting nonetheless . 
  i guess what americans do n't get is that prison systems in europe work on the basis of re-integration as opposed to punishment and social exclusion , which is what american prison systems achieve . 
  regarding behring 's case , first and foremost there 's no precedent of this kind in a country like norway , let 's not fall in an `` anecdotal fallacy '' to try and attack a system that 's worked well for many years . 
  the guy will probably spend the rest of his life in a norwegian prison . 
  now americans will get furious about how `` luxurious '' his cell is : the issue is : why do they care ? 
  the guy will be isolated forever , society will be protected from him , that 's the point . 
  agreed . 
  there 's a big `` political correctness '' problem in germany . 
  anyone with `` different '' immigration views is automatically a nazi . 
  `` black or white '' fallacy all over the place . 
  at least he did find out . 
  many people in europe do n't ever really realize it . 
  it 's like hunger in africa , most people know it `` exists '' yet they do n't really understand its extent/consequences . 
  the guy says he 's 16 straight up : prepare yourself for `` ad hominem '' fallacies . 
  the world is inherently unfair . 
  europe is supposed to be a piece of `` heaven '' within this world , at least just in relative terms to all the other nations . 
  in absolute terms , i do n't think there 's even one civilized/fair country in this world . 
  about the refugee crisis , i would n't know how to handle it . 
  i feel i just know so little about the situation that i 'd be blocked to make a decision . 
  it 's a very complex situation either way . 
  very interesting analysis . 
  thanks . 
  yes it is . 
  and so many other economical indicators show negative trends . 
  for instance : the government is continuosly abusing the pensions reserve fund , which at this rate will last for only 1.5 years longer . 
  after that , who knows what will happen with pensions ( i can foresee : they will be cut ) . 
  who 's enrique ? 
  the executive branch is lead by pp , yes . 
  but the legislative ca n't pass any laws until a government is formed . 
  i meant in europe . 
  and about austria , you 're right , but the `` divide '' lasted much less than in germany . 
  by 1955 austria was independent again . 
  i 'm always amazed by the people who get furious about these kinds of things . 
  it 's a third-world country and hence has third-world kind of laws and customs . 
  the h&m spokesperson is actually right , the practice is legally impeccable . 
  now , i 'm not implying this practice is ethically or morally correct , nor the contrary . 
  maybe these kids would starve if they did n't have the job . 
  maybe h&m is really doing them a favor . 
  or maybe quite the contrary , it 's a thing to be studied . 
  the problem is we do n't know from our first-world perspective . 
  let 's not fall in the trap of thinking the whole world is like europe because it 's not . 
  not only that , you can also tell by walking the streets of berlin that it 's just much poorer than hamburg or m\u00fcnchen . 
  but lets not forget the fact that germany was the only country divided by ww2 and that 's been reunited just 25 years ago ( which is nothing in historical terms ) . 
  haha yes , i was also thinking about germany !, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  both events are not linked and there 's no causality relation between the two . 
  i hear people naively suggesting `` since every time there 's no government things get better , let 's throw government away altogether '' . 
  we are on our way to make a second belgium case , just they went on for 20 months . 
  most popular choices are law and business administration . 
  these are n't `` useless '' studies by no means , it 's just the job market here ca n't absorb so many law and ba graduates every years .
