yes , putin is building a new death star and he will kill us all.but merrica will save us , thank god . 
  think with your brains and economic sense people , not with your feels and shitty news sites . 
  just like germany with northern stream . 
  your leader is at least honest about it and do n't try to block other gas deals for other countries with russia like germany again with southern stream . 
  they are just dreaming about some magical multicultural muslim dreamworld , which is `` not as bad as the western empires '' . 
  probably some dude on youtube told them about it . 
  the truth is that greece , serbia and bulgaria were great and rich countries before the ottoman empire . 
  after that , they were nothing more than a peasant shitholes ( yes , part of the great ottoman empire , but it 's not so great for the worms at the bottom ) for the sultan to pay him taxes - in work and body . 
  i know some crazy `` intellectual '' western people will do anything to find a nice non-white empire , but please do n't rewrite the history of the misery of my country for that . 
  well the ottoman empire had one of the worst colonization in history . 
  at least western europe gave new ideas and the benefits of forceful globalization ( even with all the downsides ) to the natives after all the stealing and killing , but turkey was just a conqueror . 
  and most of the things you listed were partly true , no need for ebin exaggeration to make the truth less bad . 
  do n't you have a race riot or a new shooting to hide from ? 
  teach us more about society , my american ally . 
  i hope it stays that way . 
  europe needs to be a place with politics about political ideologies and better ways to lead a country . 
  not about pathetic identity politics like your joke of a political system . 
  the day we become like america with their `` progress '' and race riots every day , we better just off ourselves . 
  let me explain it you , because you 're american and probably do n't know anything about economics : most of the industry in ee is made for western firms and money is going straight back to germany , america and others . 
  ee small business are closed worldwide . 
  ee pretty much do n't have industry anymore . 
  most of our nuclear power plants ( see belene ) were closed to make way for expensive german ones . 
  germany and america wanted to close and destroy soutern stream for eastern europe , so germany can make northern stream and make billions from deals with russia : http://www.euractiv.com/sections/energy/germany-helps-russia-bypass-ukraine-nord-steam-2-317340 so now germany buys from russia , we buy from germany for twice the price and we lose billions . 
  this is why `` eastern block was getting cash and schengen access '' . 
  it was not a fucking charity . 
  so stop talking about shit you do n't understand like `` solidarity '' , being american and stupid is not an excuse . 
  oh , too bad . 
  they were some cool russian games in the 90 's for pc , but now the market is pretty much dead . 
  now all russia can do is create weapons and export natural gas . 
  the industry is not big there . 
  wait troika is russian ? 
  they have one of best rpgs in the industry ( not like the action games we call rpgs today ) . 
  but the company was short lived , after 3 games it was out of business , because of lack of sales . 
  you do know that 100 euro is the pension in most of easter europe , right ? 
  half of southern america and huge parts of asia are better . 
  we will never be `` big boys '' . 
  and we ca n't never become ones , most of the industry in ee is made for western firms and money is going straight back to germany , america and others . 
  also most of our nuclear power plant were closed to make way for expensive german ones . 
  this is why `` you 've recived quite a lot of support from those who had it better '' . 
  this was not a fucking charity . 
  so we will never be rich like the west and we will never share their retarded messiah complex born out of boredom and lack of problems . 
  if they want to be the world migrant center , good for them , but the poor people here will not want it , no matter how hard people like you try to shame them . 
  you 're right , but are you seriously complaining about a fraction of \u221e immigrants ? 
  if we take 200k or so every week it 's an unnoticeable number in country of 38 millions . 
  this is the 3rd quota this year . 
  it 's pretty much endless and mandatory already . 
  germany just needs to throw some money at the corrupt leaders of the poorer nations and voila - here are your new quotas every month . 
  you will probably parrot the same shit next week , because the quotas are pretty much endless without borders in the eu . 
  have fun with that 20k every week . 
  where did i say that most of them died ? 
  is 20 million not enough for you ? 
  and personal guilt for things done before i even existed ? 
  sorry , i 'm not a western pansy . 
  this is western phenomenon only and do n't exist anywhere else in the world . 
  if some turk apologise to me for 500 years of ottoman slavery , i will laugh and tell him that he 's crazy . 
  but that will never happen , because you guys only do that creepy guilt shit . 
  just like ... most eastern european slavs ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racial_policy_of_nazi_germany#policies_regarding_poles.2c_russians_and_other_slavs germany make no sense , man . 
  where is that sweet nazi guilt for us ? 
  did you guys forget about us ? 
  it 's like bulgarian crying to african about how poor he is . 
  just stop . 
  your poor are much richer in every sense of the word than eastern european `` middle class '' . 
  everything is global now and almost every import is the same price everywhere , not just iphones . 
  how about every type of technology in the world - refrigerator , tv , air conditioner , microwave ... most people here do n't have that with 200 euro per month . 
  so keep telling me it 's the same . 
  you do know that this is only about living expenses , right ? 
  something like an iphone will cost even more money here . 
  how about we take down all the german hypermarkets , where all the money is going only back to germany ? 
  before 2007 we had our own food industry , but most of it is closed down now to make way for big western firms . 
  the german should stop playing dumb , we do n't care about your shitty 2 % gdp a year going to useless corrupt project ( where both our politicians and the eu leaders are stealing from ) , the migrant crisis will cost us much more for years to come . 
  dude , if your logic works , my country will have rape and killing everywhere right now . 
  we 're not that rich . 
  i bet your `` poor black muslim immigrant '' is 10 times richer than me . 
  being poor is not an excuse . 
  because if it is , just tell me where you live , i live with 200 euro per month , i can steal something from your rich western ass if you do n't mind . 
  but only if you 're okay with it , 
  nothing slavic ? 
  \u041a\u0443\u0440\u0432\u0430 , we have the best insults . 
  especially the serbs , u picku materinu . 
  i think their nazi instinct is kicking back . 
  i hope they do n't kill us all with their new army for not obeying them absolutely : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relations_between_nazi_germany_and_the_arab_world, 
  no , it 's not , where would you deport them , they have no papers , for all you know they 're syrian or libyan ? 
  maybe the rich guys in west could use super satellites for vision in the future if they want . 
  that could help . 
  really ? 
  i have read it from multiple different big mainstream world news sites . 
  if you can give me a source , it would be great . 
  maybe the information was far from perfect , who knows . 
  i would be happy to be wrong . 
  it needs to be solved , but it wo n't be . 
  at least for years . 
  and this is why people are whining on the internet , they do n't like . 
  why are you so surprised all the time ? 
  it do n't look nice , but for me it 's a no-brainer why people do n't like the uncertainty of open world borders . 
  ok , but we do have open border right now , it 's not called officially that , but we have it . 
  if someone steps in europe without documents ( iranian , indian , somali , japanese , serbian , whatever , not just syrians ) you just ca n't deport him ever . 
  this is why people are whining so much , how can you not fucking get it ? 
  hey , big brain , you 're far-left if you think it 's a great idea to have open borders for the whole world without checking documents if the people just say that they 're from libya or syria like now . 
  and if you think that all refugees are trash you 're far-right .
