  both groups think that if you disagree with them , you 're internet spy on the other side or something . 
  this is my real words for real this time and not your inane weird blabbering . 
  yeah , but with you extreme guys on the left is the same , but in the opposite direction - first these countries , then that continent , then open borders for the whole world without checking documents if the people just say that they 're from libya or syria like now . 
  i just fucking hate extremists , is there no middle ? 
  do n't worry , our corrupt leaders will help you for a little bribe . 
  we can even lower our old people pensions from 100 euro a month to 50 euro a month to help your humanitarian righteous dream , your german holiness . 
  do you need anything else ? 
  maybe to shut more of our deals for billions like southern steam for you to make northern steam : http://www.euractiv.com/sections/energy/germany-helps-russia-bypass-ukraine-nord-steam-2-317340, 
  no , because we already accepted them today . 
  and mama markel is saying just after 12 hours ( not even days ) that 160 000 is not even enough . 
  so maybe on our 3rd quota . 
  you do know that not all of them are from syria , right ? 
  the whole world want to go to your rich lucky countries and burn their documents to become `` syrians '' . 
  and after that you want to imprison them on eastern europe , where we have countries poorer than southern america and even africa with moldova ? 
  that do n't make any sense . 
  if you want the billions of poor people of the world , fine by me , by our country is also one of them , so do n't force them to stay in poor countries again . 
  they do n't want it . 
  but if your try , you will succeed with us . 
  our puppet state already approved the second quota today . 
  yeah , because germany was so trustworthy as we know from history . 
  if the deal with russia was so bad , why are they doing it themselves now after telling us not to do it ? 
  the only difference is that bulgaria will pay double for gas from russia now + bonus for our forgotten solidarity . 
  yeah man , people in the same union do it all the time - it 's like a hobby you do to your allies . 
  but it 's funny , you tell bulgaria to sanction russia and blew off a deal for billions and now your country is doing the exact same deal and taking the money after just 2 years . 
  so the big rich country is telling the poor little one to not make a deal for `` solidarity '' and then after 2 years you do the same deal in secret and act like a good and righteous country to us , because of unrelated economic refugees . 
  and now you want to sanction us for now bowing to you again once again . 
  your eu is a fucking joke . 
  haha , sanctions , are we at war or something ? 
  such arrogance to even think about sanctioning 70 % of the eu , your `` allies '' . 
  someone need to put germany back to earth . 
  they have a lot of balls to talk about [ solidarity ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/04/us-gazprom-europe-iduskcn0r414520150904 ) from eastern europe right now anyway . 
  because of the german snakes we 're losing our energy and gas here and they 're getting a lot of money . 
  what the fuck is wrong with these guys anyway ? 
  it 's always far-right or far-left with them . 
  is there no middle in germany ? 
  i hope the members of the eu do n't break and take the `` welcomed in germany '' refugees , because of this extortion . 
  also i bet that all of the countries will agree to allow real refugees from the camps right now for one or two times . 
  but we are not so stupid , the flow will not stop for years . 
  so why would we agree to unlimited number of people for unlimited number of years , which we ca n't even feed with money germany stole from us via southern steam ? 
  70 % of the people here knew it , but what are gon na do with puppet `` leaders '' . 
  it 's not like there was official vote or anything for the people , democracy in the eu is a farce ( more than usual ) . 
  just do n't join the eu in the future , it 's pretty much german-american colonial project . 
  i hope stupid germans stop talking about `` solidarity '' now . 
  like the soviet union , the european union will fall fast and without warning . 
  unions rise and fall quite fast in europe when you try to force your `` allies '' to do stuff they do n't want to do over and over again . 
  and most did n't . 
  why would you turn the countries of the people that stayed into ghettos for some political western only feel-good mumbo jumbo ? 
  we will never have the money for proper integration like germany , so they will just become roma people 2.0 for decades or even more ( not like western europe is doing integration good anyway with all their money , with all the killing and race riots every year . ), 
  yeah , i remember , germany trying to fuck up europe for their gain and killing tens of millions of europeans in the process . 
  what does that have to do with the middle east and africa ? 
  all refugees are welcome ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ other ^ ^ ^ countries !, 
  they help us free ourselves from 500 fucking years of colonization and took a lot of stuff in return . 
  good enough for me . 
  and no economy , no education , no industry , no healthcare ? 
  did you want another russian colonization after the big one . 
  and i mean a real colonization , not the small political interference that you consider russian colonization . 
  we are basically a new made country , we can just become rich again out of nothing . 
  you 're talking like there was much to steal . 
  oh no , they did n't lick our feet after the ottoman war . 
  they 're no free lunches and friendship in war , buddy . 
  they did it for their own gain , yes , but they also help us greatly . 
  better being fucked up by russia after the war , than being a shitty muslum slave state forever . 
  so wait , if muslims take over europe for real and they 're super right wing , if you fight them is n't that making you left wing ? 
  so get out of my sub , commie sjw , with your left wing agenda . 
  islam will save europe . 
  the year will be 2070 , some of the muslums will be wearing [ this ] ( http://i2.wp.com/www.thelovelyplanet.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/bulgaria-lady-and-bulgarian-man-in-traditional-costume-dress-cliff-norton.jpg ) for halloween or something to be cool and i 'll be like :  you have killed 98 % of my people and this costume is my culture . 
  stop cultural appropriation . 
  also i will be noble infidel . 
  so it will be pretty cool . 
  no sly cooper with all the different beautiful real cites of the world ? 
  and liking ratchet and clank with all the evil planet colonization of cute aliens ? 
  slyratchet confirmed for part of the secret right wing agenda on this sub . 
  but good taste - crank in time is the best of the series for me and all of the other games are great . 
  with sly only the 2nd game was really great . 
  also if you do the gaming thingy , you must know - all the slavs in the world only play online games like wow , cs , dota and lol and nothing more on their pc . 
  consoles are evil capitalist thing from the west for them and if you ask them about it , they must kill you to protect panslavism . 
  ok that 's cool and all , but which is better : ratchet and clank or sly cooper ? 
  i 'm the only bulgarian with ps3 in the country and ca n't speak with anyone about this . 
  i stole it from nigel in the uk . 
  this is why he hates all bulgarians now . 
  yes no maybe i do n't know can you repeat the question you 're not the boss of me now you 're not the boss of me now you 're not the boss of me now and you 're not so big life is unfair, 
  first for tolerance !, 
  upvote this if you 're tolerant and not a racist nazi !, 
  edit : haha , fools , i expected the downvotes . 
  r/europe confirmed for secret neonazi moonbase . 
  mods pls dilet r/europe . 
  the gender imbalance in europe will be ... interesting to watch in the future . 
  i hope it 's not worse than china . 
  i tell you what , i 'm furious , furious i tell you , about these fake refugees . 
  okay , that should solve the problem . 
  if not , i will type it again on reddit . 
  our gypsies were getting super mad about the refugees : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjeqsk_szgw transtation : 4 refugees kill 19 years old roma , the gypsies were angry , they hate the men , but are okay with the families of refugees ( women , kids and family men ) . 
  ca n't blame them too much for getting mad . 
  this is great and all , but it will be even greater if you can remove the downvote button in these types of threads . 
  even if i agree with the majority , it becomes too cirlejerky for my taste . 
   get them social benefits  also let them eat cake shit western people say . 
  every grandmother in here lives with literally 100 $ pension . 
  we do n't have the cake you people have to give . 
  we have just one slice of bread . 
  just like you .
