  i do n't know and honestly do n't care . 
  i did n't even know that r/rusia exist for sure . 
  and about the other conspiracy , maybe the users of r/europe are just super racist and want to kill all brown people and there is no brigading . 
  or maybe they 're nice people and just worried about the economic side of things from massive 3rd world immigration . 
  or both . 
  honestly , who cares , it 's just a sub , if the mods want to censor it for some reason , more power to them . 
  but i do n't know why do they even care or bother . 
  are you serious , \u043f\u0438\u0447 ? 
  reddit is lame as fuck , i 'm just here all of habit . 
  if 2 or 3 people from r/russia share their opinions on r/europe they 're actually * * spooky sound * * brigading . 
  so wait , the majority of r/europe is anti-immigration and they 're all brigading . 
  but most of it is also anti-russia and if someone is pro-russia ( the minority in the sub ) , he 's also brigading . 
  so no matter what , if someone disagrees with you , he 's brigading . 
  ' `` if it 's not my enlighten opinion it 's brigading from evil forces . '', 
  i do n't care about the immigration megathread , but for god 's sake , make a fucking russia megathread if your reasoning is about `` too much of the front page is about this topic , so here is a megathread forever . '', 
  50 % of the front page is just whining about russia for 4 years now . 
  do we need more of it ? 
  i 'm just giving my humble opinion on this reappearing internet argument as an eastern european . 
  that 's all . 
  the truth of the matter is that europe has over 50 countries and because your little far away island and 2 other countries did some naughty things you complain about some evil continent . 
  not `` obviously not all of europe did the same shitty things '' but most of europe did not do some shitty things . 
  `` not all '' means `` once in a blue moon '' : http://www.thesaurus.com/browse/not+at+all also , i do n't see your enlighten western type complaining about the evil ottoman turkey colonizing the balkan , my country and the huge slavery trade that comes with it for some reason . 
  like ever . 
  i wonder why . 
  so please do n't put my country with your internet arguments about evil america and europe and `` evil white people '' even if it 's #notalleurope . 
  i 'm sick of it . 
  just stick to uk and america , not europe and white people . 
  thank you . 
  i did n't know my country did that . 
  wow . 
  fucking white people . 
  weed and gay marriage , the most important problems in the world for every self-respecting redditor . 
  can you make a filter about greece and russia threads ? 
  i 'm also kind of sick of them . 
  well , most of the world want to go into your country . 
  if you think that could work , good luck to you and germany . 
  i hope you have jobs and welfare for couple of billion people . 
  if pandering to muslim feelings is fascist , then western europe must be hitler . 
  and for all the dumb dumbs , not all totalitarian governments are `` fascist '' . 
  greece right now : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2rtafbqepg, 
  i know , almost no one in a first world country is . 
  no one is dying on the street there . 
  but muh poorer socio-economic standing parroting to justufy thief , rape and murder . 
  western europe is sooo tolerant . 
  maybe i should just go and rape your asses , because i 'm also from a poorer socio-economic standing . 
  `` i 'm poor and hungry . '', 
  `` i have no choice , better rape somebody '' . 
  to this day i check everything i write on the internet in google before i post it just in case , even if i do n't have to . 
  damn you english language and your lawless pronunciation . 
  unbiased in the sense - you can have your propaganda and i can have mine and we wo n't be banned ? 
  the west is fucking weird in that department . 
  everything is some sort of propaganda for their left or right and not news . 
  ca n't you guys just do news with just facts and no ideology shoved in your face ? 
  i 'm from bulgaria and i found it funny that you 're saying that . 
  what are you going to pay me personally ? 
  or are you just a poor discriminated muslim when it suits you ? 
  people in moldova do n't have money to eat and they do this first world problem tier shit ? 
  how about a parade about less corruption or more food ? 
  ca n't wait for the `` what nigerians ask about europe '' . 
  `` why are portugal and romania so poor ? '', 
  i get it , but the percentage of real refugees needing help is too small for me to care . 
  and 500 $ of welfare is just insanely high in bulgaria , even if they are the real deal . 
  let the bored rich people of the west worry about saving everyone on the other side of the planet . 
   they fleeing for their lives ummm 80 % of them are not even from syria . 
  dude , i think you need to stop being so emotional and look at illegal immigration with objectivity . 
  almost no one is fleeing from war to europe , the rest are staying in middle eastern countries . 
  i just do n't get why ca n't they get equal social help like the rest of us ? 
  are they more special or something ? 
  why ca n't we be equal ? 
  and i can dislike both the corrupt rich assholes and the `` poor '' freeloaders , richer than me and my grandmother . 
  see , i only hate upwards . 
  true , the rent is much cheaper here . 
  the bills are also cheaper , but not by much . 
  the prices for food and electronics are pretty much the same everywhere in eu . 
  but i do n't think the high price for renting is a problem for them in germany . 
  i think the country is providing it for free . 
  of course the are also not getting 500 $ in cash in bulgaria . 
  but they are getting much more than 500 $ in germany in form of `` free '' stuff . 
  or so they think . 
  they ca n't wait for their new life in germany with free new beautiful house and free nice food . 
  the rest they can get from many relatives already living there . 
  so they do n't want other stupid countries with less giving . 
  probably eu money , i 'm not sure . 
  but i do n't get why will eu give them 500 euros per month . 
  it 's not much money for them , they will get triple that in germany and sweden , so it will not stop them from moving anyway . 
  and giving more money than the average living salary in the country to some unemployed migrants just for fun , it 's kind of a joke to the working natives . 
  give them 100 euros like for the old people . 
  if they can survive , these young men will have absolutely no problem . 
  you try not to waste electricity . 
  you buy only half of your medicine for the month . 
  when you eat your meal , you eat more bread than meal . 
  you do n't use heating during the winter , it will cost you more than your whole pension , better stack on jackets and quilts . 
  it 's weird , because many pensioners have four times the pension of that , but the pension for the poorest old people is still not improving . 
  with low birthrates , too many old people , growing minority not integrating in the workforce , only 10 % tax to pay for pensions out of already low wages and too much corruption and useless bureaucracy , i do n't see much change for our pension system in the future . 
  this article is propaganda and lies . 
  most bulgarian pensioners live on 80 euros per month , thank you very much . 
  ok , they were never slaves here or in most of the countries they live now . 
  they arrived in bulgaria in the 14th century with help from the turkish ottoman empire against the will of the natives . 
  i do n't see difference in behavior between romanian gypsies and our gypsies , so i do n't think that `` role '' is important as you may think . 
  yes , history is important , but it 's not an excuse for everything .
