  hey uk , i hate that eastern european shithole just like you . 
  even if i 'm another eastern european shithole for you and i 'm too stupid to even know it . 
  the sad thing is that this is making real nazis kill real people , it 's not just for show . 
  http://www.plymouthherald.co.uk/murdered-woman-worked-at-south-devon-polish-shop/story-29443050-detail/story.html  murdered woman worked at polish shop , say police . 
  it has now been confirmed that the 30-year-old woman , who originally came from poland to live in england about five years ago , worked at the polish delicatessen shop at the bottom of market street in torquay . 
  police seek two british males over suspected racist murder . 
  ok , here is my source for british muslims , i do n't know why you think yours are more special and enlightened , they follow the same dogma : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/poll-finds-more-than-half-of-britsih-muslims-believe-homosexuality-should-be-illegal-a6978091.html but we all can agree that comparing no gay marriage with death penalty or prison for life to make your point is laughable . 
  i know that muslims are more exotic , interesting and not so bad and you want to show us that the white untermensch peasants to the east are just as horrible , but it 's just not working . 
  are you dumb ? 
  yes , there was a study about muslims in germany and the uk , but it was n't about gay marriage . 
  it was about the legality of being gay . 
  50 % of muslims think that it should be illegal to be gay and punishable by law . 
  now go lie more about eastern europe and defend your death cult . 
  maybe our migrant hunters did n't help either . 
  first they invade eastern europe with ethnic cleansing , now they do it with average priced food , is there no end to the german tyranny ? 
  yeah , i know . 
  but greece is not even western europe culturally or financially anymore . 
  they were always a balkan country living like western europe for a while on borrowed money . 
  wait , greece is western europe now ? 
  no , famous human geneticist adolf h. even called us super turkmens and not slav . 
  [ let me sing you the song of my people . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qx8hrhbzj98 ), 
  excuse me , the video is for all slavic mail order brides , not just polish . 
  poland can into pan-slavism . 
  dude , can you shut the fuck up about americans for just one post . 
  why do you even care about america so much ? 
  everything you post is about that country . 
  you think hungary is bad ? 
  we are in the eu for 10 years now , but our wages are on the same level as all the war-torn balkan countries outside of the eu . 
  zero growth . 
  get on my level . 
  but our wages are still albania tier in the end . 
  such growing wealth . 
  my flag - bulgaria . 
  you probably know the country for being in the eu for easier profits for german companies and cutting russia of the black sea . 
  but i think macedonia is a much better choice than us for being in the eu . 
  they are like us , but smaller , meme and richer . 
  honestly , i used to . 
  after all many countries in europe are some of the best places to exist in the whole world . 
  i 'm honestly surprised by how well the eu is doing with this much wage inequality , which wo n't change ever . 
  some western europeans are making 10 times my wage for the same job as me , on basic level they are 10 times more human and that 's the reality . 
  while my country is in europe like the secsesful places , my country as the sucker of history , we are never rich , the agressor or conolizotor . 
  always on the receiving end . 
  now i feel closer to mexicans , north africans , chinise because of our similar economic level and i ca n't relate to western europeans . 
  this is pretty much impossible : http://i.4cdn.org/int/1500504964225.png 10 years in the eu and we have the economic progress of macedonia ( the small meme version of us with the silly history ) . 
  the only orange country in the eu , similar to economic giants like egypt , mexico , brazil and balkan outside of eu . 
  in the boat of the `` top 3 of the poorest countries in the eu '' by a huge margin . 
  and yes , i know , croatia is slightly richer than us . 
  but our socioeconomic level is similar . 
  our prices skyrocketed last year by 13 % . 
  i 'm thinking of buying property here to protect my money from the inflation , but with our demographic crisis , our prices will go down again fast . 
  i have no idea why croatia is getting cheaper , they are in same boat as us . 
  no shit ? 
  most immigrants are younger people , yes , this is true for every ethnicity . 
  but polish women sleep and make babies with foreign men the most . 
  for most of the babies from somalia , pakistan and nigeria , both parents are from the same country . 
  we just need a new eu tax for every eu working immigrant in another country to pay to his original country . 
  even something small like 2 % tax will help delay the collapse of the poorer countries . 
  the wage difference is so huge between eu countries ( 3 to 8 times ) that even small percentage from the big western wage will help the original countries . 
  damn , i need to sell my apartment after a few years . 
  with these numbers , the real estate in eastern europe will crash and burn in 10 to 15 years . 
  not enough people to rent and sell t\u043eo with the demographic crisis in the future . 
  anyone wan na buy ? 
  well , yeah , your muslim population is only 1 % of the country . 
  your white population is 63 % . 
  there is more room for this type of radicalisation based on simple math . 
  it 's very common for people living in balkan countries . 
  `` things are not that great , but at least we 're superior europeans , my man . 
  things will get better , little by little '' . 
  but economically , the balkan is closer to the third world ( our wages are at max 2.5 times higher than the poorest country in the world ) , not the first world ( they are 6-7 times richer than us ) . 
  we have more in common with the poor saps of the world . 
  when you think about it , the eu is just silly . 
  i 'll give you the rent and property prices , also our \u0435lectricity bill and basic services are cheaper . 
  but it 's only logical , if these things are more expensive with our wages , our country will simply collapse . 
  but everything else like food and electronics is cheaper in germany with their astronomical wages . 
  and with our low birth rate and high immigration ( partly the fault of the eu and the free movement of people ) , we are also heading into a huge demographic crisis . 
  i 'm talking about our wages , something really important for every day of our existence , but okay . 
  if you think 2 married people can take care of 2 kids and themselves on our not `` 3 times , not 7 '' gdp/capita ppp , be my guest . 
  it was a little joke , calm your tits . 
  but not one country was 7 times richer than another country back there . 
  even women from poor regions of russia were coming here to get married , because russia - the leader , was not much better than it 's subjects . 
  democracy is an illusion . 
  even kids here know that . 
  you have the same close-knit people every time of the same political elite , playing `` opposing '' parties and `` enemies '' . 
  a cartel , like most companies here . 
  and good luck trying to break it in as a new guy in the political scene , they will crush you if people even notice you . 
  what ? 
  south africa is not the richest country in africa . 
  not even close . 
  and we 're 50 % richer that africa , big deal . 
  on the other hand , germany and norway are 700 % richer than us . 
  i just think with this much inequality between nations and very little progress , a union can not really work . 
  just some countries not at war playing pretend . 
  at least in the shitty soviet union , every country was almost equally poor , you got ta give russia credit for this . 
  why ? 
  they give their eu money to corrupt assholes , who build useless stuff as slow as possible and with only half the materials . 
  they need to be a little control here at least over the eu-funds . 
  it 's their money after all . 
  but i think the middle tier euro bureaucrats and our small time politicians are in this corruption and stealing together . 
  the big euro politicians are not even watching .
