  1 like = 1 prayer . 
  is n't eastern europe just one big backward country ? 
  the unemployment rate is 10 % , but most of the young people are just not enthusiastic to work for 200 euro a month in the future . 
  it 's bad and it will be a problem in the future , but i ca n't blame them . 
  i mean , what 's the point of working if you ca n't even feed yourself or pay your bills ? 
  europeans these days are just lazy , self-centered and greedy , that 's all . 
  the parents are going to work and the kid is going to kindergarten and taken care of by grandparents during the day . 
  it 's not impossible or super hard . 
  even with 2 % , countries in the balkan outside the eu are performing better than us . 
  that should tell you something about our corrupt ineffective shithole . 
  when even poor gypsies are looking down upon you , you 're in serious shit . 
  even taiwan is making fun of germany : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unrvhqnxf10, 
  not a doomsday . 
  97 % of the world live without your welfare level of richness and you will just come down to our `` medieval '' level in the future . 
  we 'll see what 's medieval after your silly welfare system clash with the open borders in 10 years . 
  nice try azis . 
   but some sort of dialogue is necessary to deal with this as a united europe . 
  we ca n't possibly expect to just isolate the country and the crisis will somehow magically disappear well , we kinda have the dialogue already . 
  everyone - from the big politicians to the small guys like you and me are saying whatever the fuck they want . 
  but in the end - we 'll just have the dialogue forever and nothing more . 
  i 'm saying that the millions of refugees are staying in syria and your country is just taking young males from other parts of the middle east and africa instead of them involuntary . 
  some european countries ca n't control their borders properly , so they get angry when they get overwhelmed and try to lash out at others , because of their own stupidity . 
  there is nothing more . 
   perhaps eastern europe is more like russia than like western europe . 
  you 're right . 
  we will immediately accept 3 million welfare migrants from all over the world into our poor economic nation for the benefit of smelling our farts like the west and not be like spooky russia . 
  also your `` humanitarian superpower '' is not helping migrants because they are angels and want to , but because they just ca n't stop people from coming . 
  if they had to take real refugees from camps in syria and turkey , the numbers would not be in the millions , but in the hundreds . 
  are you serious ? 
  because half the world will just go to the rich countries of western europe , usa , canada and australia and with billions of new people these countries will just collapse . 
  no one will move from germany to kosovo , from poland to bulgaria or from india to china . 
  people are greedy . 
  i 'm not even talking about the human aspect of big cultural differences between people , it 's just not mathematically or economically possible . 
  also how is that open border working out for you with russia ? 
  you guys really like your `` kurwa '' . 
  in here '' \u043a\u0443\u0440\u0432\u0430 '' is just insult like slut or a whore . 
  i do n't really care about black americans . 
  why would i ? 
  did they care about me ? 
  for me they are just distant rich first worlders , complaining on a distant land . 
  the world is not just america , you know . 
  for the western redditors , the most important political issues of their lives is weed and gay weddings . 
  life is just too easy in the west , they do n't have to worry about money and the economy like in the east . 
  if your country was n't sneaky with the northern/southern stream deal with russia and the migrant quota crisis fuck up , this would not happen . 
  blame your greedy leader . 
  every action has an opposite reaction . 
  no banter slap ? 
  did juncker lay off the drugs ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jufxbhdsk9s https://youtu.be/rbbynqzgj8o?t=105, 
   asylum seeker in poland  in 2003 , he received the award `` antifascist of the year '' given by the nigdy wi\u0119cej ( `` never again '' ) anti-rasism association . 
   in 2004 , on behalf of the president of poland , he was nominated for the sergio vieira de mello prize , alongside the ex-pm tadeusz mazowiecki and other polish luminaries , for `` rebuilding peace in post-conflict communities '' , under the patronage of the high commissioner of the united nations for refugees , among other institutions . 
   honorary member of the british international pen club centre . 
   in 2006 mol received the prestigious award \u201e oxfam novib/pen award for freedom of expression '' . 
  poland can into progressive . 
  and did n't he kill more than 11 silly people ? 
  well yeah , compared to slavs and jews , the german people had a little bit more liberties . 
  is n't this kind of redundant with the eu ? 
  the only difference is that the german people are with the other eu peasants and only their leaders have all the power . 
  i do n't know , romania is okay . 
  but yeah , the rest are cunts . 
  azis got nothing on these guys : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydz45f5zehm, 
  damn , that 50 fps on the last video . 
  romania gypsy chalga is advanced as fuck . 
  we have much to learn . 
  because if the father is not paying for his kid , i 'm paying for his kid with my taxes . 
  most of the time , single mothers always need social assistance . 
  someone 's got ta pay , even if it 's not `` fair '' . 
  and the biological father is a better choice , instead of forcing random people to pay his bill . 
  very fast poli running from country at incredibly hihg speed . 
  funny , a hungarian guy is saying this . 
  politicians from that poor , little country think they run the eu , because of the small migrant crisis . 
  but no one is even listening to them . 
  talk about unwarranted self-importance . 
  people who live in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  hungary is not all of eastern europe . 
  my country , like 70 % of eastern europe , lick the boots of western europeans such as yourself , mein fuhrer . 
  so calm down . 
  you made 20 comments in a row about dirty , disobedient slavs . 
   their salaries are equal to men 's they ca n't go much lower even if they want . 
  i was n't talking about just women not wanting to work here , no one wants to do it with a salary of 200 euros per month . 
  this is why our unemployment rate for young people is so high , even if there is work . 
  so i guess the perfect recipe for equality is low wages , no welfare ( everyone must work to survive on his own ) and no religion in power to impose gender roles . 
  well , here is not much about `` you go gurl '' like in western europe . 
  here women would love not to work , but no one is asking . 
  either you work or you 're homeless . 
  we 're pretty equal in that department for 100 years now . 
  say what you want about islam , but when you live in a highly patriarchal society , you can rock the neckbeard and slice stuff with your katana all day without dirty , dog women making fun of you . 
  well , have fun with people throwing excrement in your face and getting beat up . 
  i hope the money is worth it . 
  what did i say wrong - they want the big money ( pretty questionable at the end of the month after you add the insane high western rent and the higher prices for everything ) in exchange for their dignity . 
  i could never throw away my pride so i can buy the newest iphone and other stupid trinkets and then get beaten up or shit talked by some chav at the end of the day . 
  to put some food on the table - yes , but most of the people from the poorer european countries do n't do it for that . 
  i feel like these immigrants have no dignity . 
  jesus christ , eastern europe is not africa tier , you can live here perfectly normally with your wage . 
  some people are just greedy and are happy to be second class citizens for a little more cash . 
  and what kind of retarded logic is that anyway ? 
  some poles are nasty to foreigners in poland , so it 's okay to be nasty to other poles ? 
  so some brits beat up migrants , so it 's okay for me to beat the 20 000 peaceful , old british people in my country ? 
  some muslims behead and torture people , so it 's okay to behead and torture other muslims ? 
  you get the logic .
