  and last i checked , it 's the pro-russians who always troll and mass downvote everything , this sub just happens to not tolerate them . 
  but you 're absolutely right about the problem with reddit , because in most subs it allows this kind of trolling , making discussions impossible . 
  go ahead and try it , even if trump will stay put , europe wo n't just sit tight and let it happen . 
  the `` i take it by force and it 's mine thereafter '' doctrine might have worked a century or so ago , but russia might want to try adopting to the modern world , because the civilised world wo n't let you get away with shit like this . 
  ukraine wants to be part of the civilised world , not your barbaric dictature and the west wo n't let you drag it with you again . 
  you do n't have puppet states this time to rob blind either in order to fuel your `` empire '' , russia will be bled dry , because it ca n't survive on its own in this world all by its lonesome , contrary to what your dear putin says . 
  more like slaughter whole cities if they dare try to separate . 
  this kind of russian thinking makes me want to vomit honestly . 
  ukraine 's not your property . 
  because russia 's known for abiding by treaties . 
  even if ukraine would let go of crimea and donbas , what 's the guarantee that there wo n't be new waves of russian tourists wandering further west to prevent ukraine from joining eu/nato ? 
  maybe they could stop killing those who are fighting isis as a start . 
  `` we win by staying strong '' no , we win by admitting there 's a problem and addressing it , not just accepting that this is our future and praying that you/your family wo n't be among the next batch of victims . 
  - terror attack in germany , france - le pen wins - turkey leaves nato - erdogan introduces sharia law - another israel-palestine war - russia & the usa withdraw from new start threaty - deaths : the queen , kirk douglas , phil collins , george rr martin, 
   4 ) some people will pay attention to liechtenstein 's parliamentary election . 
  let 's keep it real , shall we ? 
   12th-17th century  ancient, 
  dictators usually do n't support the intelligentsia . 
  yes , pretty much every big power does it , but russia 's using it to try to shift the balance of power , and manipulate countries/invade others in order to expand its sphere of influence and maybe try to restore something akin to the ussr by expanding its territory the old fashioned way . 
  the rest of the world does n't like this , * especially * europe . 
  these sanctions are merely a message , to let putin know , that if he keeps going down this road , we 'll bleed russia dry economically and isolate it diplomatically . 
   sleeping 8 whole hours real adults sleep 6 hours max , and are kept alive by caffeine . 
  if your country 's government wastes the money from the insanely high taxes on corruption and other bs instead of trying to fix the country or giving liveable wages , you ca n't really blame people leaving to countries that treat them better than dogs . 
  here , for example , doctors are paid so piss-poorly , that patients are expected to give `` thanks-money '' to them after bigger operations , or they practically do n't treat you . 
  if you live in a more western country then it 's easy to call us selfish from there . 
  he was willing to destroy russia 's economy over crimea . 
  then , as soon as people began forgetting that , he immediately went for syria , and possibly messed with the us election . 
  he 'll use information warfare to confuse the opposition and propaganda , that stalin would be proud of , to control his people . 
  he wants to be the next tsar , and i do n't see him backing up anytime soon . 
  at least that 's how i see him -- the next russian dictator , who 's obsessed with power , and wo n't back up ever due to his ego . 
  and with trump becoming president , who will keep him on a leash ? 
  well , given his reckless , insanely aggressive policies , i would n't be surprised if he would escalate things things to the point where he would threaten using nukes just to make a point , essentially playing chicken . 
  and we can see from the past how easy it would be to accidentally start a nuclear war when things get tense . 
  i 'm not saying that putin would deliberately trigger the end of the world over a peninsula , but he 's an incredibly dangerous man due to his recklessness . 
  what 's wrong with processing them one at a time ? 
  it 's not like they 'll die of hunger at the border in the camps built for them , while waiting . 
  on the other hand , if you accept them * en masse * without proper checking , terror attacks happen . 
  do n't underestimate how far putin would go . 
  he 's threatened to use nukes for less , attacking russian troops in what russia believes to be their land , would escalate things reaal quick . 
  and russians would support it to the end thanks to the state controlled ~ ~ brainwashing ~ ~ media . 
  how about not letting them in in the first place if they 're not proper refugees ? 
  hey there , erdogan , how you liking europe ? 
  so calling out something is akin to right wing populism ? 
  case in point . 
  if only the intelligence services would actually do something about known extremists in europe , instead of saying `` we knew about him '' after an attack . 
  everyone 's asking for russia to annex them . 
  maybe if some countries would n't have created the problem and expected us to collectively pay for it , or if some countries would 've bothered to police their borders , it would n't have been necessary . 
  the putin-bots just grabbed at the chance thrown at them by siding with the trumpets , since they are the perfect useful idiots for their cause , just like the one they unquestionably follow . 
  they use the very same tactics in online discussions too , spamming and downvote-brigading , making a proper discussion impossible . 
  i mean . . `` god save the king '' sounds kind of neat . 
  are you trying to find logic in a russian troll 's `` argument '' ? 
  just ignore him . 
  the german police should be able to handle it . 
   can we please talk seriously about multiculturalism without primitive propaganda and political correctness ? 
  judging by the `` 60 % upvoted '' on this post and everyone who questions anything being called an american fascist , no i do n't think so . 
  i , too , refuse to take part in this heretical pagan ritual . 
   candle right next to drapes i see you like living dangerously . 
  also , the french . 
  acknowledging that there 's a problem would be a good start . 
  thanks to mr. churchill . 
  or antifa punks , who are often worse than skinheads . 
  they do n't need another machine of total destruction , they have the [ bagger 288 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azevfd4c6ow ) already . 
  except in the heart of europe , such factors , that would damage nuclear plants to that extent , are not really present . 
  sure , everyone who disagrees with mindless illegal immigration is a right wing extremist , as usual . 
  people like you are part of the problem . 
  also one of the main reasons right wing populist get so many votes . 
  label every centrist/slightly right wing view as fascist/neo-nazi , and the pendulum will swing hard . 
  no thanks to russia , who 's killing the ones actually fightning isis . 
  [ it 's quite simple , really . 
  ] ( http://www.tamagochi.lt/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/eurovision.jpg ), 
  * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqyv6km8rxs ), 
  any austrian here ? 
  would this second chance increase the probability of hofer taking the post , given the effect of the terror attacks that occured since , and maybe the increasing popularity of other right wing parties in europe ? 
  maybe the aussies are subtly trying to integrate ? 
  i mean , we 'd be okay with that . 
  ^ ^ and ^ ^ you ^ ^ could ^ ^ participate ^ ^ in ^ ^ eurovision ^ ^ every ^ ^ year , ^ ^ too !, 
  they constantly have shitloads of troops at the borders ( and beyond that ) and do large scale exercises near it , specificially training for invasion of neughbouring countries . 
  well , not for long if we keep crashing our gripens . 
  i 'm sure those countries were invaded or forced by nato to have their troops there , as opposed to them requesting help from their allies to defend them against russian aggression . 
  i mean , how * dare * they !? 
  eurasia is russia 's property after all , and they should be thankful for having putin defend them against the evil imperialst gay nazi jewish west . 
  maybe to `` preserve natural beauty '' or something like that ? 
  they wo n't build wind turbines here , because of some similar bullshit . 
  got ta preserve the unparalleled beauty of a flat piece of land i guess ... 
  the sad thing is that for example my country implemented a law that either has us work in this country for the amount of years in it took to get our diploma , or pay off the `` free '' education ( which is more and more scarce as well , while tuition fees keep increasing , and the quality of teaching does n't match it at all ) . 
  meanwhile , wages are still absolute shit , which is the main reason in the first place we 're leaving . 
  so , instead of fixing the country , and having living wages , they do this , so now a lot of students apply straight to foreign universities instead . 
  for that you need panzerkampfw\u00e4gen und sturzkampfflugzeugen . 
  true , however the newer generations seem to be increasingly sympathetic towards putin 's russia , due to not bothering to inform themselves more deeply on recent history , and current politics and events , only reading into headlines . 
  for them , russia stands as an alternative to the west , which is sometimes seen as too liberal for the more conservative eastern europe , and they only see that , ignoring the rest of russia 's policies and goals in europe and elsewhere . 
  y u no make it thicker plastic ? 
  except for their own country , which has the most . 
  i think you overestimate him . 
  he 's a narcissistic showman , who knows nothing of politics , and who 's idols are dictators . 
  he 's not some kind of mastermind who wanted to topple dynasties . 
  he 's simply a populist , who 's good at selling himself and throwing mud at others . 
  plus , there is still a lot of bad blood between several eu countries , which does n't help co-operation either . 
  the hell 's going on at the balkans ? 
  at least it did n't go through a full tank of petrol in a day . 
  surprised about hungary .
