  that 's how bargaining is done . 
  you do n't make concessions before you begin negotiations . 
  an eu agency however has no place in a country outside the eu . 
  i know its a drag filling the greek islands with color but thats exactly what gives a certain neighbor funny ideas / s, 
  i love that shit . 
  too bad someone has to die first : /, 
  expansion pack ? 
  is n't that how people use the daily star anyway ? 
  `` note '' as a recommendation or an order ? 
  i thought as much . 
  thanks !, 
  i feel a slight apprehension digesting news concerning the continent coming from britain lately . 
  can this be confirmed by a german ? 
  you can not deny though that he makes some very good points if you ignore the rant . 
  and he gives due credit to the erasmian view . 
  we like him more than we like others , 
  this dilemma should n't exist imo . 
  here 's a link between the `` established '' erasmian view and the koine/demotic version . 
  it 's worth watching it since it 's more concise than anything i can write here ( and only 5 min long ) . 
  it 's becoming a problem in rural areas and farmers are getting desperate . 
  that 's how it sounds in greek too but english speakers tend to say `` mu '' as in mew, 
  i ca n't see her carrying poo bags and i 'm concerned . 
  sadly , you are correct . 
  indeed but a desperate voter will probably believe an idiot 's sweet lies . 
  i 'd get into a heated debate with you but your username implies you 'd explode . 
  i trust my fellow greeks will never give them majority . 
  but them becoming third or even second largest party is sadly a real possibility if the public 's quality of living keeps deteriorating . 
  a bunch of retards . 
  what 's scary is not their idiotic ideology but people voting for them out of outrage for the incompetence of the rest of our politicians . 
  but that does n't stop them from multiplying : /, 
  hmm it looks like de facto greek clay to me . 
  greece can onto mars !, 
  granted , mars owes some explanations too . . 
  stop copying . 
  the lighthouse was first built in 1897 just off shore from a castle in andros . 
  the stone column on which it was built had been shaped by millennia of natural erosion into the perfect pedestal for a coastal beacon . 
  unfortunately the original lighthouse was not long for this world , and was destroyed during world war ii . 
  for a time , the rocky outcropping went without a proper lighthouse , and the fantastical image created by the former structure was all but lost . 
  however , the lovely beacon apparently had an extra life . 
  the lighthouse was eventually rebuilt in the early 1990s by an oil tycoon who dedicated the structure to his daughter . 
  the replica became greece 's first automated lighthouse , eliminating the need for an onsite keeper to operate the light . 
  but even with the modern upgrade , the lighthouse still looks like something out of dungeon and dragons , with the winding staircase hewn from the rock itself , leading up to the door of the tower . 
  excerpt taken from http://www.atlasobscura.com/places/tourlitis-lighthouse, 
  either air pollution too low to register ... ... or possibly off the scale . 
  lol thanks . 
  no effects whatsoever . 
  my conjoined twin agrees . 
  in other news , several european countries are reporting people shortages . 
  now now , language . 
  he totally deserved it . 
  on it 's own but hardly defenceless . 
  +1 stink defence bonus . 
  not to mention portability , floatability and ease of setup . 
  it 's kid friendly too . 
  i honestly read mafia and was about to praise it 's social agenda : /, 
  better than gib anyway lol . 
  would n't mind a union with eire . 
  i 've liked every irish i 've ever met , 
  but do n't you see ? 
  if greece leaves , then it has to fail big time . 
  because if greece leaves and succeeds ( best scenario ) , what 's stopping other troubled countries doing the same ? 
  what sort of sense of security does a monetary system with a revolving front door can provide ? 
  the market is mainly psychology and if its shaken , it can take a long time to recover . 
  mainly because article 50 has n't been triggered yet . 
  if your parliament votes not to leave , irregardless of the political backlash , then you 're in . 
  until art . 
  50 is triggered then britain is not even in the process of leaving in my opinion and i presume in many others ' too . 
  it 's not reluctancy to see you go . 
  it 's the time its taking the british government to do what the public demands . 
  and i agree ; we 're only having a friendly discussion on the matter , no harm 's done . 
  i 'll have to disagree . 
  from a technical standpoint you are actually out in name only . 
  negotiations have n't even started yet and actually being out will take at least as long as you mentioned ( ie 2019 ) . 
  i ca n't tell whether the decision of the british public was either good or bad but it 's what you wanted so i respect that . 
  and i 'm glad people are willing to stick to their decision through snow and hail because from the signals that major corporations ( be it banking , construction or manufacturing ) are sending , it does n't look good . 
  hopefully these are only baseless rumours and everything will be fine . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's too soon for either celebrations or regrets . 
  you do realize that you 're still in though . 
  feeling lonely ? 
  it 's sad that most brits decided that the eu is the cause of their troubles . 
  in a sense i can understand this sentiment since there was a british empire until at least ww2 . 
  but it was the us that demanded they dismantled their preferential trade network in exchange for help against the axis . 
  it 's a dog eat dog out there and imo however much one hates giving up some sovereignty , it 's better than to stand alone . 
  i think a lot is in stake . 
  beyond the bilateral relations of the two countries and the cyprus talks , turkey has an upcoming constitutional referendum too . 
  an extradition of the eight could be seen as a victory to be exploited politically by erdogan . 
  i would n't want to be a judge in this case . 
  cause men would agree / s ( i did it again ), 
  touch\u00e9, 
  burger eating , probably . 
  i 'm sure those gals can take an innocent joke , 
  a country bitchfight ? 
  that almost sounds entertaining . 
  hopefully one day women will rule the world . 
  it 's far better to have a bunch of countries not talking to each other than actually going to war . 
  it 's very easy to find greece in these graphs/maps these last few years : /, 
  i like bedbug district , conveniently situated between youth and student town . 
  puberty district would be a more fitting name though . 
  technically it is a state because it does n't belong to any other state . 
  gim me washington dammit :p,
