  yet another who has a friggin forest in their backyard !, 
  do n't you people have bear problems or something ? 
  still , great view, 
  heh , oz ip detected, 
  i 'll go out on a limb here and say paris, 
  if it makes you feel any better , the view from my flat is a wall . 
  i 'd take the tree anyday :p i made this post to take a peek into people 's everyday life . 
  it is not a competition . 
  i 'd swear somewhere in france, 
  jean reno will never marry you with that attitude, 
  love the bridge view, 
  a very foggy morning throughout europe today, 
  deadly stuff by the looks of it lol, 
  hahaha , love it . 
  where 's that ? 
  yes tyrnavos is known for its tsipouro . 
  but that 's about it i 'm afraid : /, 
  wonderful firenze , 
  larisa , thessaly, 
  with this taxation and a grexit threat , you 'd have to be mad to invest in greece right now . 
  `` hello . 
  i want to play a game . . '', 
  i have a slight difficulty understanding what i 'm seeing . 
  what are those crisscrossing bars ? 
  fog has descended here too . 
  the mountain is no longer visible, 
  lol , 
  gargamel is the most useless villain of all times, 
  you ca n't even do that right !, 
  typical southerners / s, 
  i bet the greek is sleeping back there :p, 
  i remember my sister forcing me to watch this with her . 
  `` candy candy '' or something was her other favorite . 
  many childhood traumas as you can imagine . . 
  you obviously have no idea what you are talking about, 
  actually it was the civil war that followed nazi occupation . 
  but facts are boring , right ? 
   tbh i never understood this backlash from greek people .  let me explain then   you fucked up your country by yourself .  mainly yes but we did have some help from some careless banks who got away  then you asked your friends for money and you got money and agreed to unfuck your country .  ehm , no . 
  we were force fed loans to protect the euro early on . 
  a greek default could have crippled the ez . 
   then you did nothing , asked for money again and sch\u00e4uble was like `` nope , unfuck your country as you said first '' .  ehm , nope . 
  saying that the greeks did nothing in the way of reforms is a blatant lie . 
  the heavy taxation and the joblessness has caused hundreds of thousands of educated young people and healthy companies to flee abroad to escape . 
  it 's a lost capital that greece will take a generation to recover from . 
   i mean what are you guy expecting ? 
  a few billion fresh money every year for all eternity without actually changing anything ?  a country with a hostile taxation system can not attract investment . 
  the constant `` grexit '' threat by the likes of schaeuble is not helping build business confidence either . 
   the last quarter befor tsipras got elected your country turned back to growth again and you guys vote a populist in to power and the first thing he does is to create a complete mess , to drag his country even deeper in the shit and then asks for more money .  sort of . 
  it was n't a real return to growth . 
  those numbers looked fine on paper but the real economy was suffering . 
  greeks did n't vote for a populist back then . 
  they voted for someone who had a clean record , away from the corrupt parties that brought the country to this mess . 
  i hope i 've cleared some confusion about the last few years , 
  the only `` weak '' thing here is your argument, 
  b-but article 50 ? 
   ... decided to kick greece out of the ez . 
  german sweet talk :p we love you too, 
  the fact that this framework is still not there after 7 years , is not very reassuring . 
  but as it 's been discussed before , there 's no legal framework to leave the ez without also leaving the eu . 
  `` for us , german responsibility means acting together . 
  the european union is indispensable . '', 
  whatever you say , grexit advocate :(, 
  it actually looks like 1/5 of a peepee but that 's cool . 
  i 'm not judging :p, 
  it 's being arranged as we speak, 
  it can indeed get crazy in places . 
  people set up barbeques on sidewalks and impromptu parties in the middle of the street ( around said barbies ) . 
  passerbys often get a free souvlaki , 
  but inflation in greece has been negative during the crisis years . 
  only this year there has been a bump to 1.2 % inflation in eu has been similarly negative and only increased to positive numbers q2 of 2016 . 
  still running low at 1.8 % still lower than the interest rates . 
  i 'm only referring to terminology here , not discussing politics , to be clear . 
  no and yes . 
  no : technically speaking , any amount of money you receive is a loan if it has interest . 
  a small interest only makes it easier to be paid back but it 's still a loan , not a debt cut . 
  yes : the greek government ( s ) have acted carelessly and childish . 
  but so have the imf with its `` yes , no , maybe '' strategy and it 's admitted mistakes . 
  and so have several eu circles ( grexit , no-grexit ) that increased uncertainty in the markets . 
  in my view , it 's the greek politicians who lied to the people about the sustainability of the `` greek system '' , it 's the greek people who were content with the blatant sweet lying , it 's the eu that knew but never spoke when it should have and allowed things to unravel by 2009 , it 's the imf that repeatedly messed up its predictions . 
  a brief timeline from the 1980 's to 2015 . 
  the rest , you know . 
  i hope you are referring to the fashion show :p, 
  is n't this in filiatra ? 
  judging by this we are dealing with a major troll mayor, 
  postmodern is a better term i think . 
  i did n't put the blame on a specific side . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  the way media and certain politicians almost turned the greek and german people against each other , several years back , was disgraceful . 
  nice to to see you back . 
  and it was 50 % helpful . 
  this . 
  the occasional pretty pic ( or mild shitpost ) provides some relief in the sea of bad news as long as it does n't become the main trend . 
  i think that 's why the mods allow it sometimes . 
  variety is good . 
  edit : that bridge is awesome technically , just do n't know how well it blends with its surrounding landscape . 
  you must be fun at parties :p, 
  i said `` separatists '' , not `` the separatists '' . 
  it does n't take more than few far right hotheads to start stirring things up . 
  directed media coverage usually gets the ball rolling after that by blowing everything out of proportion . 
  has happened before .
