  you came up with that after reading my comment ? 
  really ? 
  this is easy to predict . 
  good scenario ; uk votes in and we will have another referendum in 20 years because its tradition to question eus existence every now and then . 
  bad scenario ; uk votes out and we enter a two year period of negotiations where the eu makes everything difficult for the uk . 
  during those two years , the uk decides leaving is too much trouble and has another referendum to vote in this time ... 
  no no !, 
  no more german subs and race cars . 
  just german shovels now , 
  does this even take into account immigration or just birth rates ? 
  immediately !, 
  shovelling expensive though . 
  * cough * germoney ? 
  * cough *, 
  access to a vast app store would be a major advantage . 
  it takes time to create and both microsoft and blackberry failed at that . 
  did n't know such phychological profiling was available 100 years ago . 
  thanks for posting . 
  there are a lot of people out there who 'd love to see a nokia with android os , i can assure you . 
  but you are right . 
  the difficult thing isnt getting to the top again but staying there . 
  thats it !, 
  all feta shipments shall be withheld until further notice . 
  you 've gone too far this time !, 
  reichumour at its best :p, 
  we want our nokias back , finland !, 
  the photo of varoufakis at the end of the article made me cringe a bit . 
  you deserve a cookie sir, 
  we are noisy and notoriously bad with cash . 
  but other than that , we are adorable . 
  i should come up with something along the lines of `` give me debt relief you miserable stingy nazi '' , i suppose . 
  but i like germans , so no . 
  i feel you . 
  somewhat difficult times with all the bombings and sh * t. i hope better times are ahead . 
  plz get rid of erdy . 
  almost everything he does is a step back for turkey . 
  i hope it went ok . 
  but the significance of such a parade in the heart of turkeys largest city , has a different gravitas altogether , no ? 
  this guy would make an excellent comedian if he wasnt a country 's president . 
  i really hope you guys get him unelected before he ruins everything you have achieved in the last 30 years . 
  took you long enough lol, 
  that sounds boring . 
  except for the naked bit . 
  that would be a genious move !, 
  in that case lets sit around the fire and cook some sausages cause this fire aint dying anytime soon . 
  i ca n't prove it of course but i am sure they used some sort of ` enhancements ' back then . 
  all natural of course with no preservatives and artificial colouring . 
  us meds think you central europeans are strange too , but in a familiarly cute and cuddly sort of way . 
  do you want to watch the sub burn ? 
  as a greek , i protest !, 
  and silently agree . 
  no surprise there . 
  ` security concerns ' rofl, 
  so it 's a tradition thing . 
  either that bridge is shrinking or firemen are getting taller . 
  writer sounds like an idiot who left his cave just the night before visiting . 
  glad to be of help . 
  feel free to pm me or post in / r/greece if you have questions about a specific place , 
  help me so i can help you . 
  if you want noise and young crowds myconos or paros are for you . 
  if you want peace and quiet with a healthy nightlife then naxos . 
  if you want nature and beautiful beaches try koufonissia , sporades or chalkidiki in northern mainland greece . 
  if you 'd rather go to the mountains and forest trekking , go to epirus or even crete ( messaria ravine ) . 
  this but a few . . 
  you 'll definitely need to be more precise in your query . 
  touristy and noisy or quiet and relaxing ? 
  sea or mountain ? 
  island or mainland ? 
  culture or nature ? 
  also this belongs in / r/greece imo, 
  apparently for estonians greece and cyprus are the same country . . 
  why do you think we have dem ceilings ? 
  i remember my shock and horror when i saw that beautiful bridge blow up during the war . 
  glad it 's been rebuilt . 
  does it kill enemies with irresistible cuteness ? 
  think nothing of it , bud , 
  vikings were braver than i thought . 
  is n't this a model ship ? 
  the trireme 's watertightness depended on the woods ability to expand when soaked thus sealing the hull . 
  but since it could become waterlogged , triremes had to be pulled to shore at night . 
  so only a days worth of travel each time was practical and therefore close to shore . 
  norse longboat hulls were differently sealed thus allowing more days in water . 
  they look retracted to a `` rest '' position . 
  hellenistic era : going over the top before it was cool, 
  no , not due to budget cuts :p, 
  nope again . 
  the turks maybe but not the greeks . 
  ehm , nope, 
  indeed . 
  but why do they have to be full with other people 's stuff ? 
  it 's called the british museum anyway . 
  you should put british stuff in it :p, 
  they are also terribly clingy to masonry bits that do n't belong to them, 
  much better , 
  a call to our erdo-hatin ' turk bros : grab a couple of square kilometers each and come to us . 
  we have plenty of feta for all , 
  rent better be cheap, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the gods moved south for the winter years ago . 
  still not back .
