snow is always nice and fluffy but i kinda prefer the 21 \u00b0 c we expect in greece tomorrow . . edit : i do apologise . 
  apparently snow is n't always nice and fluffy but that was not the point i was trying to make . 
  for all those affected i do hope it gets nice and fluffy though . 
  i agree . 
  i never meant to make it sound as the ottomans were alone in this . 
  an empire that thrived on rapid expansion but not consolidation . 
  once expansion was halted , decline was inevitable . 
  should have abolished it back in 1452 . 
  happy anniversary anyways , 
  that will buy us some time, 
  wants to protect for ... reasons . 
  lol sorry about that . 
  my greeklish got in the way , 
  greeks would never allow for a referendum of this type . 
  i do n't know if he says the things he says for internal consumption or tries to create a scapegoat to distract turkish public opinion but a possible outcome of this could be to destabilize his neighbors . 
  that could be considered an act of war by some . 
  edit : vocabulary ( thanks matttk ), 
  i never expected to say this about something containing a juicy , dripping , shit sandwich but that comment was beautiful . 
  as a recognition for the laughs , robot shall be respected from now on , 
  this would be a good time for you neighbours to stop evolving your pokemon, 
  we 're already in the process of loading our catapults with unsustainable debt and aiming them towards you , in case things get more serious . 
  without it being a reality where i live , i found it as enjoyable as happy tree friends . 
  that would be the perfect place to pass unresolutions, 
  nope , cause i gave a specific example to a specific argument you made . 
  you are just saying now that if the pomacs and the western thrace turks get a country of their own , the kurds will get a state of their own . 
  which is false and borderline insane . 
  a classic straw man argument . 
  i expected a more creative approach . . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they are not recognized by any country as a state . 
  its syria still , not kurdistan . 
  and i was talking about the kurds living in turkey , do n't play coy . 
  so you are saying that if the kurds in turkey decided to recognize themselves as part of a country called kurdistan , you 'd stand by their decision because `` it is all that matters '' ? 
  its funny when you see things from the other side of the fence , ai n't it ? 
  a `` defacto state '' that its existence is recognized only by the country that invaded and created it , is really not a state . 
  whether you like it or not . 
  i really hope so, 
  i am all for progressive things that can be rolled up and set alight , 
  everytime this government `` stands up '' for things , worse things happen ... 
  there must be a subreddit for that, 
  none of these numbers are good . 
  i do n't understand why the goverment still does n't make some drugs legal and both regulate them and tax them . 
  this way everybody would be happy . 
  expected the netherlands to be higher up the list, 
  this exactly . 
  but people ca n't see it happening behind the slow shift of popular opinion . 
  democracy slowly choking itself . 
  i expect anything from a politician . 
  so i gather it 's between choosing the less of two evils . 
  it 's just that what you 'll be left with is one `` evil '' with nothing to balance or counteract it . 
  i hope he shows constraint . 
  unfortunately for the seculars in turkey ( i love you guys ) it 's not secularism vs islam . 
  i really hope i 'm wrong about this but from an independent point of view this is exactly what it looks like . 
  edit : some whatsapp messages can not be the basis of a 50000 people purge . 
  if it 's erdogan who allowed g\u00fclenists to infiltrate everywhere , it 's very hypocritical to accuse them for everything . 
  g\u00fclen helped erdogan during his first political steps anyway . 
  now suddenly he is the enemy . 
  all i know is that there is still not enough evidence to support that g\u00fclenists are behind the coup . 
  but there is more than enough evidence to support that erdogan is not the same person he was 10 years ago . 
  with the economy slowing , the military weakened , the media censored , the society divided and polarised and islam-friendly erdogan fast becoming the most powerful figure in a country that is slowly being marginalised by the west , i ca n't help being deeply troubled on the path turkey has chosen to take . 
  lol :p, 
  well , every little helps , i guess . 
  a big `` thank you guys '' from a small southern nation with many islands . 
  ideally yes . 
  but they 're not unfortunately . 
  not in russia , not in greece and neither in turkey . 
  i just have very little tolerance against such types of crimes and feel strongly that there 's no punishment severe enough for them . 
  just saying sex offenders should get a taste of their own medicine . 
  i apologise if it came out the wrong way . 
  i never said turkey is not threatened by terrorists . 
  i said that terrorists is not the reason for their `` state of emergency '' but the deliberate suspension of civil/prisoners rights of everyone opposing erdogan ( the t-shirt i mentioned ? ) . 
  you can quote me saying things i never said all day but that does n't mean that you are right . 
  i think that you will agree that being part of a club , it gives you access to certain things that would not be accessible otherwise . 
  thats not retarded . 
  thats common sense . 
  and lets be honest . 
  there is a vast difference between the `` state of emergency '' of france and that of turkey . 
  france is under threat from terrorists and turkey just arrests everyone without an erdogan t-shirt . 
  france is already a member of the eu , schengen and eligible for eu solidarity if it comes to that . 
  so no , it does n't apply to france . 
  clearly as a deterrent . 
  the brits saw it as a challenge : /, 
  you do see the irony in this, 
  thanks for your concern . 
  depending who you ask people will say `` worse than ever '' , `` pretty much the same '' or `` marginally better '' . 
  the unemployment seems slightly less but it may be because a lot of people have left to go abroad . 
  the taxes are unbearable for most . 
  tourism is up since the situation in our competitor countries favours us . 
  stability has somewhat returned though and uncertainty is no longer in the air . 
  capital controls are slowly being lifted . 
  things will probably remain like this for the foreseeable future . 
  but its summer so lets hit the beach and sunbathe the problems away , 
  from wikipedia : * a claim that a substance that causes the symptoms of a disease in healthy people would cure similar symptoms in sick people *, 
  are n't turkish prisons known for the homeopathy treatment they provide ? 
  bridgy mcbridgeface ? 
  conveniently forgetting that france is a member country of the eu and therefore eligible for eu solidarity ? 
  your turn . 
  france is not asking for a visa free treaty to my knowledge . . 
  indeed but it does n't hurt having another ace up the sleeve . 
  in some parts of the world , that constitutes an insult :p,
