  the finn looks happier than he should . 
  i think he is up to something . . 
  like you said , eu has control of greece 's economy and to a great extend greece itself . 
  if the eu fails in a small country that is in its control and that is economically isolated from the rest , it will be the eu 's undoing . 
  on many levels . 
  very weak currency , massive inflation , inability to import goods ( food included ) , political instability and a rapid decline in standard of living ( instead of the gradual one we are experiencing ) . 
  at least in the short-term . 
  sounds like an awful choice to make but it may become the lesser of two evils . 
  edit : oh , the debt btw shall remain there ( in euros ) unchanged but with even less chances of it ever being paid back in full or in part . 
  i ca n't help thinking that what started as a way to safeguard the eurozone , has become a punishment for voting a leftist goverment in . 
  i have the gut feeling it will be like this until either syriza loses the next elections or greece is forced out of the euro . 
  i can not possibly see any other outcome to this perpetual can-kicking and honestly if it did n't affect so many people , i would dare call it a joke . 
  lovely , just what we need . 
  i suggest we go without a goverment for the next 4 years , the only thing we havent tried . . 
  evil djinnies ? 
  visited sofia a couple of years ago . 
  although it was on a sunday and the city was relatively quiet , the city centre was beautiful . 
  i am sceptical about those non-combat battalions . 
  the conspiracist in me is screaming that it is a ploy to lure nations in and then , with an obscure pretext like a terrorist attack , it becomes a full blown military force and everyone is caught in . 
  i 'd much rather they called it a euro army and be done with it although it might scare people off . 
  if it looks like an army and sounds like an army , its probably an army . 
  careful wording has been used as to not antagonize nato i presume . 
  i 'm for it but it is in its infancy and may take years to implement . 
  but its a step forward ( ? ), 
  can you provide a link in english ? 
  although it sounds much like another `` brilliant '' plan , i 'd like to be more informed about it before i start raving about it . 
  some context is badly needed . . or not . 
  ehm actually this is st andrews in greece . 
  the tree is taller . 
  it 's a paradox !, 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  it was meant as a deterrent but some saw it as a challenge . 
  so kim yong erdogan seeded the world when he sneezed or what ? 
  that would make it a lukewarm dam . 
  yes , it 's extremely biased and not trying to hide it . 
  at points its even bad press . 
  fortunately the mayor 's tweets are there for all to see and make up their own minds , regardless of what the article tries to imply . 
  that huge atat\u00fcrk mausoleum overlooking ankara , must really be pissing him off . 
  indeed !, 
  this could jeopardise our alliance with the lizard people . 
  so `` macaronia '' is out of the question then ? 
  may 's answer to life , the universe and everything ? 
  was n't that 42 ? 
  all i have is zorba at the moment, 
  did those poor sods think they wanted a brexit when all they needed was a londonbye ? 
  some words are like fight club ; just practice it , do n't talk about it . 
  fat chance !, 
  we 're taking the feta down with us !, 
  i 'm guessing all our high jump athletes come from places like this . 
  i 'd like to confess that whenever i 'm bored and in a mood to look at some neat and tidy earthporn , i always visit the netherlands on google maps . . 
  we like our frapp\u00e9 naturally shaken, 
  like you said . 
  the g\u00fclen movement might be very real but i have n't seen any substantial evidence that it was behind any plan to subvert the turkish government and/or the recent coup attempt . 
  i 'm greek . 
  i believe in a g\u00fclen conspiracy as much as i believe in unicorns . 
  there must be like , i dunno , around 10 pixels on that map, 
  you do n't get sexy coastlines without some booty-shakin ' every now and then , 
  this is exactly what a g\u00fclenist would say !, 
  you 're next, 
  i believe it 's bornholm island eez, 
  it was the best i could find , however here you go https://imgur.com/slutoft, 
  operative word : drunken, 
  something i 'd expect from a drunken teenager not a guy in their 50s . 
  i wonder what sort of hurricane brewed in that tourist 's head to find such an action appropriate . 
  is your soul granted express admittion to heaven in case of an accident or should i read the small print ? 
  we 'll find a way to convfefe around this problem too . 
  yay ? 
  i was just making fun of a difficult situation . 
  i 'm not being ungrateful to those countries that helped , do n't get me wrong . 
  2060 is just around the corner anyway . . 
  are you implying that certain things should never leave the bedroom ? 
  kinda hard to picture that at 32 \u00b0 c here at the moment . 
  pefkochori beach , chalkidiki . 
  that sounds plausible , thanks . 
  you mean they have amassed 350bn euros ? 
  that 's very hard to believe . . 
  how is it gon na do that ? 
  effectively formal bankruptcy . 
  assume the position and prepare to be moderated, 
  having a personal policeman sure beats neighborhood watch . 
  this is brilliant ;'d, 
  although you are correct , the greek food and wine industries have been slowly but continually rising in people 's mindsets as very high quality and gaining international recognition . 
  i did n't say it comes quickly or cheaply . 
  but once it is there , with it 's recognisability established , it will be easier ( and cheaper ) to maintain it 's status . 
  it does n't have to be mass produced if it 's aaa quality . 
  after all , expensive parfumes come in small bottles . . 
  i could swear some pizzas in greece must be made by doctors . 
  they cure everything . 
  that 's a fallacy . 
  most greeks i know have at least a university degree . 
  some of them mas . 
  it still takes them 20 mins to deliver the pizza in greece these days . 
  i beg your pardon . . 
  this is one of the fittest pigs i 've seen . 
  you missed the dildo, 
  well its actually `` yeeros '' but you probably would n't eat it if you saw it written like that . 
  i would n't and i love that sh * t, 
  there 's another way ? 
  yeah , this is a shitpost, 
  greece go home , you 're drunk edit : * hiccup *
