  ok that too . 
  but def the junk food bit . 
  i was hoping mere stupidity but i do n't think we are that lucky . 
  * shit , they 're up * we love you guys !, 
  edit : plus bone flour bread is not very good for you , nutritionally speaking . 
  floating such ideas in public can only cause trouble if separatists are made to feel that their cause is justified and supported by major powers . 
  next 50 years better bring us teleportation , warp speed and healthy junk food . 
  shhh , you 'll wake the mods, 
  apparently it happens . 
  seeing twinnings tea in the monastery made me smile . 
  agreed . 
  damn those are some scary posters . 
  that 's some next level monk-ing . 
  ca n't confirm it but it 's very plausible . 
  putting buildings in no-no places is sort of a tradition in greece https://imgur.com/gallery/nisjr, 
  the lighthouse was first built in 1897 just off shore from a castle in andros . 
  the stone column on which it was built had been shaped by millennia of natural erosion into the perfect pedestal for a coastal beacon . 
  unfortunately the original lighthouse was not long for this world , and was destroyed during world war ii . 
  for a time , the rocky outcropping went without a proper lighthouse , and the fantastical image created by the former structure was all but lost . 
  however , the lovely beacon apparently had an extra life . 
  the lighthouse was eventually rebuilt in the early 1990s by an oil tycoon who dedicated the structure to his daughter . 
  the replica became greece 's first automated lighthouse , eliminating the need for an onsite keeper to operate the light . 
  but even with the modern upgrade , the lighthouse still looks like something out of dungeon and dragons , with the winding staircase hewn from the rock itself , leading up to the door of the tower . 
  excerpt taken from http://www.atlasobscura.com/places/tourlitis-lighthouse, 
  but is n't it mainly about money ie the prosperity of the masses ? 
  financial dire straits have historically been the pedestal of populism , xenophobia and in many cases fascism . 
  i 'm not an economist but to my understanding he is not talking about free money but investment . 
  spending money to earn money . 
  edit : autocorrect, 
  i 've found 299 but that 's it . 
  just enough to set my ocd off, 
  it really depends what you 're into . 
  ladadika district for good cuisine . 
  upper town ( kastra ) for coffee with a view . 
  the seafront is always a hit , night or day , to enjoy a drink and watch people go by . 
  if you feel touristy , you can take a ride on a bar ship and enjoy a drink afloat . 
  museums everywhere and for almost everything . 
  shopping , although you 'll need to take the bus outside the centre for the big malls . 
  or just stroll around the city as its full of unesco sites . 
  you will discover places hidden in the alleys that may outshine anything i 've mentioned here so far . 
  we tried but the dark lord would n't die, 
  ... and still forgive debts cause they wo n't be paid with a weak and devalued drachma . 
  if you are into city breaks , it 's very worth your while . 
  october and may are the best months to visit imo . 
  indeed . 
  does a square need to be square to be a square ? 
  the picture should be no more than five years old max . 
  taken atop electra palace hotel . 
  firstly , i was n't the one to mention london first . 
  i did n't even mention all the other countries you did . 
  needless rant on your behalf . 
  learn to read all comments . 
  secondly did i say that antiparohi was not responsible ? 
  of course it was . 
  however if antiparohi was done responsibly , the situation would n't be as bad today . 
  instead it was seen as a way to maximize profit without any consideration to the built environment that was being created . 
  i 've researched this in architecture school . 
  if your qualifications are better , correct me by all means . 
  if not , save your rants for someone else . 
  `` architecture '' by civil engineers is not architecture . 
  i 'll agree that `` antiparohi '' gave the final blow . 
  london is a case on its own since it was bombed heavily during wwii and it was rebuilt in the `` international '' style . 
  greek cities on the other hand were rebuilt with a hastily applied `` modern '' type ( brutalism is different ) pioneered by le corbusier , but by civil engineers , not architects . 
  this led to many problems . 
  the layout of the city is pretty much as h\u00e9brard intended . 
  the building style throughout the city was supposed to be ` neo-byzantine ' but it was only applied to aristotle square . 
  never claimed the opposite . 
  just stating an opinion here . 
  no need to get wound up over that . 
  destroying our city centres by increasing densities was a conscious , though unfortunate , decision . 
  my monday got better after that . 
  thanks, 
  the skyline of fatih at sunset is one of the most beautiful to behold . 
  this picture needs more zoom and orange :p, 
  exactly a century ago , in 1917 , a fire swept through the center of the city causing great devastation but allowing for a new city plan . 
  i generally consider the big cities in greece ugly , ruined by several decades of poor planning and a failure to preserve their architectural heritage . 
  although plagued by the same problems , salonica has a special place in my heart . 
  poor households in greece also burn all kind of combustibles in order to keep warm , some even mdfs . 
  dunno if it 's a similar situation there . 
  i dunno where to start ... 
  how many prisons does turkey have ? 
  where are all these people held ? 
  we 're talking thousands since the coup as far as i can tell . . 
  housing blocks ? 
  if so , then lucky smogfree penthouse owners . 
  all cancers have a higher probability as one gets older . 
  that does n't mean that you can sit in the sun for hours on end without sunscreen and expect to be safe because you are under forty . 
  skin aging and skin cancer are two different things, 
  unlikely . 
  skin cancer does n't have an age target group . 
  one could get it anytime if not careful . 
  sure thing . 
  but portugal will probably be next . 
  no perkele ? 
  mildly disappointed . 
  i 'm most definitely bugging danes with sunscreen this summer, 
  thus began the great blt famine of 2017, 
  just keep your rear covered and you 'll be fine, 
  go club med !, 
  you may laugh but a gay brigade can f@#k you up .
