  there is no precedent to my knowledge so please excuse my scepticism . 
  my only concern is if `` going too far '' and `` too late to do something about it '' , coincide . 
  reminds me of the three day rule of `` allowed rape and pillage '' by the conquering army . 
  but it 's day five today so i 'm probably wrong . 
  unlikely again because after the incident he continued provoking the russians on a diplomatic level just to `` apologise '' a few months later . 
  does n't that show weakness ? 
  in any case since he admitted giving the order , any speculation is irrelevant . 
  unlikely since erdogan has stated that he gave the order himself . 
  true , the army is in the middle of reorganization and the dust will take long to settle . 
  i have a slight apprehension on the second part of your argument , since recent history has shown that when an eu state is in trouble , the rest build fences / s, 
  especially when you wake up in someone elses trashed apartment . 
  several points there . 
  erdogan may not afford isolation but he is seeking confrontation with 1 . the us over g\u00fclen , 2 . the eu over the reinstatement of the death penalty 3 . everyone who stands against him within turkey . 
  he knows the west needs turkey ( air bases , pipelines , refugee camps etc ) and also that the west can not afford to isolate him ( and not the other way around ) , now that he is becoming turkey 's absolute ruler . 
  if he has the nerve to bully the us with limiting access to incirlik and the eu by increasing the influx of refugees , he can certainly bully greece around . 
  no one will care who has the higher political ground once it comes to that and greece will be alone against him , regardless if , as you say , he is weaker than he seems . 
  moral high ground i presume you mean . 
  which is an empty gun against an opponent who does n't really give a damn about morals atm . 
  i expect it to become an aggressive realpolitik `` confrontation '' than a civilized discussion about moral values especially now that erdogan seems to becoming isolated by the west . 
  are n't you being too optimistic ? 
  nah , we are used to insults . 
  just do n't send any jets over athens :p p.s. 
  stay safe and stay sane dear neighbours . 
  i feel there 's more to come, 
  with the luck we greeks have been having , they are probably inflatables . 
  i do n't think honor has anything to do with it . 
  they are apparently running for their lives and they will go to the closest safe place they can reach . 
  and that is if the ships are actually headed for greece and not somewhere else . 
  i do n't think we are quite there yet but i can see it coming, 
  in that case i hope they 're filled with fresh baklava . 
  it is a good opportunity to take some more tourists away from turkey but this is too much . 
  it makes more sense , i agree . 
  but i think right now the turkish goverment can claim anything and still be able to convince the fanatics . 
  the whole situation could seem funny but til that the 8 who arrived by helicopter two days ago in northern greece , are accused by turkey of being the very group assigned to kill erdogan . 
  i think it 's bs but it adds another layer of absurdness to the whole situation . 
  could you please not come to greece ? 
  the last thing we need is to be accused by paranoid erdogan that we are harbouring turkey 's enemies . . edit : spelling, 
  when gods start distributing gifts to people like erdogan , i ca n't help thinking that the worse is yet to come . 
  because it 's the equivalent of me highjacking your house , selling your stuff and claiming it was a legitimate business transaction because i have the receipt i printed myself . 
  its a `` match that ! '', 
  kind of thing . 
  since the establishment of christianity as the new ( and `` proper '' ) religion of the roman empire , people went to great lengths to disassociate it from everything considered `` pagan '' . 
  the later byzantine style was the epitome of that and very often churches where built on top of older pagan temples . 
  early christian churches however where housed on converted classical temples . 
  heres more : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianized_sites, 
  and he seems to persistantly ignore that the uk is the fifth ( now sixth ) biggest economy because it has access to the single market . 
  such pile of bull . 
  edit : spelling, 
  thankfully elgin was a lazy thief . 
  most of the building is still in athens , 
  but likely the most expensive, 
  ouch !, 
  here you go  http://youtu.be/58rbknkbjvc, 
  well you would n't exactly call that downtown now , would you ? 
  but technically you are correct . 
  sadly , i believe so too, 
  i think people would be way too proud to change their minds once article 50 is invoked . 
  the process itself would take two years alone ( four by your estimate ) . 
  my guess is that it will be another 10 years at least before they apply to be part of the union again ( if ever ) . 
  expect more if the process becomes painful and the eu becomes associated with `` evil '' in people 's minds . 
  greece too . 
  in order for the uk to reenter , the rest of the eu would have to be thoroughly convinced that people are pro eu now . 
  otherwise it would be like planting another timebomb within the union . 
  my impression from the recent eu summit is that it 's already thin but they gave some breathing space to britain so they did n't seem spiteful . 
  we 'll celebrate the 1000th anniversary in athens !, 
  * greich intesifies *, 
  so when is he renaming the country after himself ? 
  i know it is possible it wo n't happen but is it probable ? 
  for many eu members it 's done in all but paper . 
  personally i do n't like britain leaving but i do n't see any way to avoid it now . 
  well , my plan is firstly to build a huge wooden badger . . 
  can i still have the horse ? 
  well , my plan is firstly to build a huge wooden horse . . 
  lol , i 'm in . 
  lol , that made me cringe a bit tbh, 
  no , i did n't . 
  you 'd definitely know if i did . 
  edit : firstly , `` as a greek '' i should know what is like to shoot at your own damn legs which makes me experienced enough to have an opinion on the matter . 
  secondly my ethnicity should n't be a prohibiting factor to voice my opinion when i see someone like farage act like an insulting prick in front ( and towards ) a multinational assembly . 
  i wo n't even dignify that with a proper response, 
  i 'm genuinely appalled , horrified and deeply disappointed that this seems to be legitimate behaviour in britain which used to be a beacon of tolerance in my eyes . 
  exactly . 
  this or get out now . 
  dayum britain !, 
  you are running out of legs to shoot . 
  tl ; dr so long , and thanks for all the fish . 
  indeed , its on our 1 $ coin too . 
  i do n't know why my compatriots forgot about it . 
  exactly , no backsies . 
  your entire premise is that the eu is disintegrating and every one of your points is based or revolving around that . 
  surely times are not rosy , there are serious challenges and problems to be solved but the union is not falling apart yet . 
  imo , if something is broken , you fix it , not throw it away especially if you have been working on it for the last 50 years . 
  and that is the only real disagreement between you and me . 
  you seem to ignore that in order to keep trading with the eu , the uk has to abide by the eu regulations . 
  regulations that , if the uk leaves , will have no voice in . 
  plus both germany and france wouldnt like other countries to get ideas like '' lets get out of the union but keep trading with it like the uk '' because it will cause the disintegration of the eu . 
  i am sure that germany values the eu much more than the relations with an ` independent ' uk . 
  you could have used the space above to explain your position . 
  instead you went for a passive aggresive insult . 
  very clever and constructive .
