  not so secret anymore , is it now ? 
  edit : looking towards yeni camii from the roof of valide hani . 
  ha , ruined it for you . 
  ooh free ships !, 
  then greece takes the banks . 
  financially too ? 
  asking for ... reasons . 
  omg , yes the banks . 
  how could i have missed that one . . 
  the important question here is who gets the cheese and who gets the chocolate . 
  i think people in the west are more concerned about the bombings and erdo 's semi-unstable nature . 
  these are some dark times you are going through , neighbor . 
  stay safe . 
  is it christmas decorations i see ? 
  plus keep your friends close , your enemies closer ? 
  is that where my taxes go ? 
  just kidding . 
  cool vid , 
  i agree . 
  keeping gangs stoned so that they 'll only fight over cheetos . 
   damn , i wish you were turkish so i. . 
  * triggered !, 
  you lithuanians are always complaining, 
  i 'll have the drumstick highlands plz, 
  aah yes sorry . 
  your edit made it clear . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/foloi_oak_forest https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pindus_mountains_mixed_forests hopefully these count . . 
  greece 's forest coverage is about 25 % of total area . 
  that is around 32.000,00 sq kilometres . 
  i would n't call that `` no forests '' . 
  thats not true . 
  the more , the merrier . 
  i think we have more islands anyway , 
  a norwegian islander ? 
  so the legends are true !, 
  inhabitable islands . 
  by humans :p, 
  sorry , i had to pull out the big guns, 
  sure but afterwards we do debt , ok ? 
  `` slight '' , heh, 
  you win this round . 
  lets count islands next , shall we ? 
  `` mountains '' , heh, 
  so glad you surfaced from the deep web abyss for a breath of fresh air , 
  nice try . 
  still a stalker . 
  edit : since i get downvotes i 'd like to explain myself . 
  artistic freedom does not excuse violation of privacy . 
  sure , he stole the phone . 
  but the owner found him . 
  he should just report it and get it back . 
  instead he uses it to spy on the thief and make a movie out of his life and whereabouts . 
  which is pervy . 
  and awkward . 
  and probably illegal too . 
  tl ; dr film student gets phone intentionally stolen . 
  turns into stalker . 
  i hear you . 
  doing stupidly dangerous stuff is the highlight of being a kid . 
  we regret nothing !, 
  there is a difference between throwing home made firecrackers down a mineshaft and putting together a nail bomb . 
  but i only threw condom waterbombs from my balcony at that age so what do i know , right ? 
  they 've been blinking to each other so much lately that they both look like they 're having a mild stroke contest . 
  pyramids are actually very egyptian though i agree with you in everything else . 
  instructed or given ? 
  the idea of a kid glueing together nail bags , explosives and a timer/radio detonator in his lunch break at the school cafeteria is not very convincing . 
  how does a 12 - year-old end up with a nail bomb is a far more interesting question imo, 
  oddly specific . 
  it 's also 1st happiest country in northwest balkans . 
  * silver alert * in the distance, 
  first it was the architecture , then those awesome landscapes , then that streetfood post and now this . 
  i hate you italy and love you with all my heart . 
  your comment shows a complete lack of knowledge to the current greek situation . 
  the so called `` populist propaganda gimmick '' argument convinces nobody . 
  greeks are very aware of the incompetence of their leaders . 
  your general disbelief regarding greeces inability or ability stems directly from mass media mud reporting and not necessarily on official reports and the cooking of books is an very old and known story and certainly not a greek exclusive . 
  and may i remind you that in the beginning of the crisis , when greece was considering a default , it was force fed loans to protect the euro . 
  that put greece on continuous life support ever since . 
  so much for `` loan begging '' . 
  i agree going after the public sector . 
  apart from the 15-20 % who are actually working the rest are very much leeches in the system . 
  if it was 2010 , i 'd agree with you that the debt is payable . 
  but no , not anymore . 
  the greek economy is too weak and fatigued , and most importantly , people are too . 
  hardly . 
  but even a rat is aware of a sinking ship, 
  shhhh , lets pretend it 's 2016 and the empire has fallen, 
  yes and no . 
  combative yes . 
  annoyingly so ? 
  definitely . 
  i blame the tsipras goverment for plenty , however they have been saying that the debt is unpayable in its entirety from the beginning . 
  and back then , no one wanted to listen . 
  some still do n't . 
  possibly . 
  still suspicious . 
  its actually not spain, 
  i would n't call that a problem . 
  more like the beginnings of a solution . 
  eu is known for making compromises .
