  lol indeed . 
  eu can easily say that it can not ratify a free visa treaty with a country in `` a state of emergency '' like turkey is right now . 
  until it 's over i 'm pretty sure erdogan will have done something else to allow the eu to postpone the treaty some more . 
  is that what is being circulated in turkey ? 
  that the chopper was carrying cia personnel ? 
  your government has evidence for that ? 
  it 's disappointing that you have already dubbed them `` traitors '' without even having put them to trial yet . 
  this is part of the reason why they are still in greece . 
  your blind patriotism is hurting turkey more than you realise . 
  even if we wanted to , it would be illegal to return them if there is legitimate suspicion they would be tortured/killed . 
  we will just keep on charging them with minor offences ( leaving the toilet seat up , not following proper dinner table etiquette etc ) in order to keep them longer in greek custody and avoid extradition . 
  supporting terrorists ? 
  more like upholding international law and human rights . 
  greece is bound by the treaties it has signed . 
  so is turkey . 
  the difference is turkey does n't seem to care about them anymore . 
  that does n't mean that everybody else should n't either . 
  nothing to my knowledge . 
  my guess is they just forgot where they parked them : /, 
  i do n't think turkey will open a front with greece right now . 
  erdogan needs time to consolidate his power within and already has an external enemy ( g\u00fclen in the us ) . 
  but like you said . 
  anything is possible . 
  my meme game needs work indeed, 
  lol , go steal a purse :p, 
  in that case ... cut the bratwurst down the middle , split it open , fill the interior with crumbled feta , a bit of diced green pepper and a dash of oregano . 
  put it in the grill for two mins . 
  you 'll see how all that works better together , 
  forced ? 
  i ca n't think of a way atm . 
  the turkish goverment would have to raise the issue to a whole new level ( outright threats ) for us to consider it . 
  difficult on an international level if stories of abuse and rape keep surfacing . 
  you need more feta in your life , 
  nah , you 're bros now . 
  bros with mafia connections but bros nevertheless :p, 
  sneakiest anschluss yet . 
  we also break plates unless we feel a bit lazy . 
  edit : it 's hard to shake off a stereotype but that does n't mean one should stop trying . 
  swedes went full matrix, 
  you have to admit , stereotypes are hard to shake off . 
  i 'll go pay debts now . . 
  i guess we are keeping the 8 for now . 
  you are the one that initially mentioned the phrase `` imperial ambitions '' not me . 
  if people see it like that , it 's irrelevant whether there is evidence for it or not because in popular opinion it is `` true '' . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i would never mock turkey 's attempts to be at peace with its neighbors and a beacon of stability in the region . 
  that 's my hopes too . 
  but you ca n't achieve that by having `` imperial ambitions '' as you said , especially in a region that has ugly memories from the last turkish empire . 
  having the circus posing for a family pic does n't help either . 
  turkey actually has ( had ? ), 
  a very good brand name as `` the meeting point of east and west '' . 
  as for the link you provided , well ... that 's a category on it 's own . 
  if it 's just used as a tourist promotion , that 's ok ; i 've seen worse . 
  but to be in the same room with foreign dignitaries ( while implying imperial ambitions ) could be seen as ranging from ridiculous to insulting . 
  you do n't need a costume party to show your heritage . 
  that parade looks tacky to say the least . 
  i do n't know . 
  putin must be really happy with everything going on in both eu and turkey . 
  i sea what you did there #allseasmatter, 
  nicely put, 
  if you promise not to go boom boom, 
  lets suppose that laws do n't change . 
  do you think its possible for the 8 to be tortured then ? 
  that will be an ass move . 
  fun fact : only actual witches have n't been arrested yet . 
  naming goats issue ? 
  that 's clearly a sign that the country has solved all it 's other problems . 
  yes we know . 
  love the colour btw, 
  never underestimate greek radars . 
  we also know you are wearing the same underpants since tuesday . 
  absolutely but imo things in britain will get worse before they get better . 
  moving is probably the best option . 
  architect here too . 
  i 'm sorry to hear about your situation . 
  at college i heard a lot from my professors `` an architect goes where the work is '' which is quite convenient with the free movement of people within the eu which you are still part of . 
  you got the commonwealth too . 
  perhaps it 's time for a new adventure ? 
  not to mention the lizard people, 
  gyros will always be the best way to get fat . 
  we will win their hearts with ouzo , feta and erdogan jokes , 
  i 'm just sceptical about the methodology used in the poll . 
  i would imagine internet use ( 2/3 of the poll result ) is limited in rural areas where the akp has many supporters . 
  just converting all those kebab shops to gyros stands is a major logistical nightmare we ca n't undertake at the moment . 
  this poll looks what i would expect from major cities like ankara , istambul or izmir . 
  not convinced this is the popular view of turkish redneck country to the east . 
  he was prettty lame to begin with . . 
  those hipsters are the worst, 
  yeap , that 's what i thought, 
  how long is temporary ? 
  close to permanent ? 
  there 's thessalonica in there . 
  that should suffice :p, 
  i bet we could beat you at a `` roundness '' contest !, 
  probably . 
  when i saw greece in there i was like `` wtf ?! '', 
  this is arguably the most pointless country classification ever . 
  there 's so much talk about erdogan 's efforts to become a super-president . 
  what i 'd really like to know is his vision for turkey if he actually achieves his goal . 
  i honestly hope that is the case .
