  where 's district columbia ? 
  washington dc has more `` ancient '' greek buildings than greece itself . . plus it 's full of corrupt politicians . 
  destroyed : 80 % of all industry , 90 % of all rail , roads and ports along with 10 % of population . 
  what would be enough for you ? 
  not to mention occupation from three countries ... 
  you missed paso de culo negros . 
  still crying, 
  did we really need spies to draw that conclusion ? 
  now that 's an opinion i wholeheartedly support . 
  how does that shatter my belief that there are only losers from a nuclear war ? 
  sure accidents may happen but this wo n't be solved by building more nukes . 
  its my firm belief that there can be no winners from a nuclear war . 
  that 's why i think it can never happen . 
  building more nukes as a deterrent wo n't solve anything . 
  just increases the chances of something going wrong . 
  italian towns and cities have always looked beautiful to me . 
  yeah , i guess my meme game needs loads of work . 
  the falling income is n't helping but going after the politicians is sometimes irrelevant, 
  carl sagan once said that `` the nuclear arms race is like two sworn enemies standing waist deep in gasoline , one with three matches , the other with five . '' honestly the only nukes that scare me are the ones that might end up in the hands of terrorists , for which case there can be no deterrent other than constant vigilance . 
  it 's a joke . 
  chill . 
  and russians go to greece !, 
  just joking , it 's expensive here #thankssyriza #alcoholisnotfree, 
  can confirm . 
  other than great views of the caldera , the island has little more to offer . 
  go get married there and then head for some lesser known island for some awesome beachporn and local food . 
  full moon was yesterday . 
  there 's your explanation . 
  semizombified , thank-you-very-much ... 
  portunips is a nice touch, 
  for you and for me perhaps . 
  but there are loads of people who would embrace the opportunity to live in a secluded island . 
  not everyone is the same , 
  have your bags packed , just in case , 
  well if you make it to the mainland , i 'm there for you , bro . 
  is that you , nigerian prince ? 
  lol , are you offering ? 
  it was meant to be uruguay , 
  probably because the rest of the world does n't already have a macedonia province within their borders . 
  some `` united makedonija '' banners did n't help much either . 
  i wo n't even mention some new statues ... 
  i will put your name on the application and we can discuss it again later , ok ? 
  i believe you . 
  thus the upvote . 
  do n't take my humor too seriously , 
  this is some next level upvote whoring but i 'm sold . 
  here , take one . 
  a long term lease sounds like the best possible option . 
  keep in mind however that those islands are rocky and arid , plus they can be cut off from the mainland for days or weeks in wintertime . 
  i can already picture `` cushy government jobs in tropical paradise . 
  apply here '' ads , but i do n't think there is enough cash available for that . 
  i know you jest but in all seriousness , this plan can only work if there are people who actually want to move there . 
  ahh yes , much better , 
  indeed . 
  so beautiful it looks surreal . 
  was hoping for trains with masts and sails . 
  mildly disappointed . 
  black sea region at +25 \u00b0 c and istanbul under a meter of snow at places . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  this is not making a lot of sense . 
  an edit might be in order ? 
  you mean greek politicians ? 
  we 're doomed . . 
  whats wrong in crosschecking between bulgarian sites ? 
  that makes it easier for you to read them as i can read the bulgarian ones . 
  cross checking , no ? 
  i think you are misinterpreting my argument to prove your own at this point . 
  most greek media outlets have at least an english online version . 
  i 'm pretty sure that is the case for most media outlets ( and even blogs ) in bulgaria as well . 
  it is also very easy to cross check their validity . 
  perks of an interactive medium , 
  that is so well written that i ca n't help thinking that you 've done this before :p, 
  i 'm glad you guys are doing fine . . 
  but why ? 
  the plurality internet offers is unbeatable . 
  better than the one sided coverage most media offer imo . 
  we trust nobody ( yes , looking at you too nigerian prince ), 
  exaggerated indeed . 
  it 's definitely not a rose garden but this article presents greek hospitals a place someone goes to die in rather than be cured . 
  i see . 
  on the other hand greece was `` saved '' in order to save the euro and turkey would likely be the recipient of humanitarian aid , not the kind of aid bulgaria would need or ask for imo . 
  i predict most of them will be stuck in greece . 
  call it a hunch . 
  rockbros ? 
  the economic collapse of a big country like turkey is a tricky subject . 
  it could force turkey to become more inward looking for some time , decreasing tension with its neighbors but also has the potential of destabilizing the region with both turkey and greece incapacitated . 
  i expect the west to provide aid to turkey if the stability of the region is in stake . 
  turkey however has a very low debt to gdp ratio ( the debt i believe is largely private ) plus has its own currency so i expect the country to bounce back relatively quickly but the middle class will be wiped out . 
  every new year is the direct descendant of a long line of criminals . 
  may all our troubles last as long as our new year 's resolutions !, 
  i 'm almost always never * wrong * exceptions may apply, 
  secret rooftops probably, 
  maybe i was killing time :p, 
  err ... 
  i was just enjoying the view . . ? 
  smelly christmas , everyone !, 
  all this is your fault . 
  you 've messed up this subreddit for at least a week . 
  your username sounds nasty . 
  i 'll just shut the door on my way out ...
