  huh . 
  i thought celts came from atlantis along with mayans and egyptians . 
  alright i fucked up . 
  words are hard . 
  actually it can get sexually transmitten . 
  but i agree that the media panic is getting out of hand . 
  yeah i do n't get where that `` slavs sprouted from earth in russia '' came from . 
  today 's russia was inhabited by finno-ugric people before there was even a concept of russia . 
  if there was an ancient slavic homeland , it was somewhere in present day ukraine . 
  we should all just learn chinese . 
  in a way that fits his narrative , duh . / s, 
  white guilt and saviour complex are hell of a drug . 
  you will have to pry them from my dead , cold hands . 
  are we sure it was n't austria 's merkel instead ? 
  or russia 's one ? 
  i guess it 's easier to throw money at someone and be blackmailed in process in hopes they solve your problems , instead of doing it yourself . 
  very neat indeed . 
  this just makes me angry . 
  it also helps if germany is your direct neighbour . 
  why would anyone stay here with us when they can cross few hills and forests and enter the euromoniesmerkelland ? 
  what is this going to solve ? 
  palestinian government will still want to exterminate every jew in israel , and israel will keep answering in force to every attack made on its people . 
  western governments try to make both sides agree on some compromise , it 's just not going to happen , at least not until palestinians accept the fact that israelis will not leave middle east . 
  portugal can still into empire . 
  barbary pirates 2.0, 
  about potatoes . 
  no no , it 's the evil boyars !, 
  how long till we have the first pastade ? 
  the ol' good salami tactics . 
  i think my country did something like this . 
  it was screamed on for being racist and inhuman . 
  they are not brown , they do not count . 
  just get one of those magnum condoms and cover it . 
  problem solved . 
  it 's just so we know where he 's been putin . 
   a joint brigade of 4,000 troops more like commonpoor ... 
  but then you would n't be able to vassalize the asian countries . 
  i see their point though . 
  that image 's quality is really awful . 
  balkans . 
  balkans never changes . 
  go outside and breathe . 
  so salty . 
  thanks for the downvote btw . 
  let 's face it . 
  italy 's participation in both world wars was n't particularly successful . 
  the king in the north ? 
  yeah , the same thing happens here everytime the government changes . 
  fire people who 's been put in power by previous government , put there those loyal to you . 
  next election , do the same once it changes again . 
  it 's certainly nothing new , and especially nothing only the right is guilty of . 
  that 's why our system is so ineffective . 
  everyone does this and considers it normal practice . 
  why no czechia ? 
  no one likes brno, 
  beautiful country and beautiful people . 
  can you ride it ? 
  to battle for example ? 
  asking for a friend . 
   very russian-like to me oh boy . 
  i am pleasantly surprised by our pm . 
  i 'd never expect him to have a spine and stick true to social democratic values while also having a realistic approach to the migrant crysis . 
  many people here call him traitor bacause of his rejection of mass hystery a xenophobia surrounding the refugees and migrants . 
  it might cost the left next elections , but my respect for him went up . 
  it 's actually pretty good idea . 
  it will attract more tourists to the region . 
  there is more to czech beer than just pilsner . 
  it 's not . 
  source : i was outside . 
  this is not / r/worldnews . 
  really ? 
  in czech we also call romanians * rumuni * ( pl . 
  of * rumun * ) , but there is no negative connotation at all . 
  strange . 
  i guess you are referring to roma = romanians myth . 
  do poles seriously believe that ? 
  from what i 've heard , it 's actually the other way around . 
  [ in the same way that czech republic is \\ ( apparently \\ ) eastern europe while austria is western . 
  ] ( http://www.jewishgen.org/austriaczech/austria2.jpg ) it makes them feel better i guess . 
  there there . 
  it 's okay . 
  you are relevant to us . 
  baby jesus best jesus . 
  president is supposed to represent our country . 
  does n't matter if he has no power when every word from his mouth damages our reputation abroad . 
  i do n't think there is anyone that could do worse job than him . 
  large part of our population consists of ignorant , small-minded , easily manipulated idiots , that 's why . 
  russia has a long history of using its soldiers as cannon fodder . 
  unfortunately , it 's inoperable . 
  [ it spreads aggressively ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation ) and has even [ formed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad_oblast ) [ metastases ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria ), 
  at least you 've got a sun . 
  there is only gloom and sadness here . 
  as a czech people either mistake me for russian , polish , or french ( lol ) . 
  where are dropbears ? 
  i love how wierd croatian borders are . 
  must be bitch to travel tho . 
  istanbul sets the impossible standards for young , impressionable cities . 
  rekt, 
  surprise anshluss is unexpeted . 
  it seems you know a lot about greek history so i 'm going to believe you .
