  why yes , i created 16 separate accounts just to ruin your karma . 
  they do . 
  into czechia . 
  grab a popcorn and enjoy it while it lasts . 
  he read the article before commenting . 
  that 's how . 
  i noticed that too . 
  and you are not the only target of their anger . 
  i was referring to the cries of redditors in the other thread demanding closure of the borders with us because we passed a bill making gun ownership a right ( which changes nothing at all really ) . 
  as for making a mountain out of a molehill . 
  stupid decisions are stupid , and should be fought no matter how many ( or few ) people it affects . 
  afaik this is not the soviet union , where you were expected to bow down , shut up and keep up . 
  unless we were wrong . 
  obviously our toxic gun culture is a threat to the european union and we deserve to be kicked out of schengen . 
   they 'll just go to france or spain expect solution to magically present itself within month after they start dumping off migrants in these countries ,, 
  naughty girl indeed !, 
  this is so unlucky . 
  i really hope that germany can make renewable resources work really well . 
  good , see you in next thread . 
  well , add to that the fact we are currently / r/europe 's the most hated nation of the month ^ ^ tm , along with poland and hungary . 
  people see an eastern european leech doing somthing eu tells them is bad and flip out immediately . 
  needlessly ? 
  is life of a dutch soldier , who knew fully well there 's chance he might have to sacrifice his life during his job , worth more than bosnian civilians ' he was supposed to protect and who might have been alive now if he has n't abandoned them ? 
  and serbia is japanese . 
  well , it was drinking and hot women . 
  now we can add rampant sexism to the list as well . 
  well , this is as good way as any getting our country to the front page . 
  well , you have macron calling cee countries betrayers of europe and threatening with sanctions . 
  this is more than an attack on a single politician . 
  it 's basically punishment of countries for listening to their own people . 
  you do n't need to spin anything to win political points from that . 
  well that 's not happening anytime soon . 
  certainly not in five years . 
  nordick !, 
  i think we should listen to him . 
  [ after all , who knows more about betrayal than france ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ), 
  it would be hilarious if they did n't get above 10 % . 
  i still can not believe they decided to go with it . 
   we have to face the fact that we are not a rule-makers no the creation of v4 is result of our countries being fed up with not being taken seriously by france and germany . 
  it 's easy to ignore czechia or slovakia alone . 
  it 's much harder to do when it 's 4 countries working together towards specific goals . 
  we have to be an equal partner . 
  dissolving v4 and bending over to all their whims wo n't help us in this . 
  because the sad fact of the world is to be considered equal you have to have the power to back it up . 
  thank you captain . 
  because it does n't make sense to postpone euro adoption any longer . 
  right now it 's prefect time to do it . 
  so , greater serbia = kingdom of yugoslavia ? 
  it 's obvious to everyone that posts like op 's get intentionally brigaded and where it comes from . 
  as a surprise to absolutely no one , this gets downvoted to oblivion by angry spaniards . 
  just like any other post with `` catalonia '' or `` catalonians '' in it . 
  who would n't be ? 
  but muh true romans and evul venetians , right ? 
  pretty good article for an opinion piece . 
  [ the one where venetians tought the byzantine emperor that being a dick towards latins does not pay off . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_the_latins ) \\ #dandolodidnothingwrong, 
  not mentioning the five called against bohemia in 15th century . 
  you are right . 
  do n't blame the internet for your perverted mind !, 
  sports can be both mental and physical , competitive and non-competitive . 
  e-sport is definitely competitive sport . 
  this is supposed to be an interview ? 
  it seemed to me the journalist had no interest in listening to his arguments and only wanted to confirm her opinion . 
  she did n't even let him finish half his sentences . 
  i am curious . 
  what are your thoughts on catalan independance ? 
  the same people then proceed to downvote every catalan independance post in this sub . 
  it 's actually kinda funny . 
   smells of hypocrisy , dishonesty and populism . 
  because that 's exactly what it is . 
   who would rather rent to a czech guy yeah , these * tschechei * should stay back at our factories in czechia and keep making our german cars . 
  i reserve my judgement till he actually does something . 
  it 's easy to look pretty and shout empty promises . 
  op 's post should be removed and someone should post a new , un-editorialized article . 
  too many people here read only titles and the discussion shows it . 
  as opposed to lienka ? 
   invasive ones from asia are they those biting , black , red-spotted bastards i keep finding in my room every summer-autumn ? 
  it 's official scientific czech name for it , but it 's not really used anywhere . 
  people call it beru\u0161ka mostly . 
  must be silesian thing . 
  it 's `` official '' czech name for it , but literally no one calls it that from where i 'm from . 
  it 's * beru\u0161ka * here . 
  maybe they do in prague . 
  they are weird enough . 
  you are not even trying . 
  nice strawman you have built here though . 
  holy shit the circle jerk in this thread . 
  even / r/yurop is gentle missionary lovemaking compared to this mass orgy . 
  get along together ? 
  a well thought out opinion on balkans thread . 
  10/10 would read again . 
  i meant the slavic equivalent of it , not the midsummer celebration is general . 
  damn migrants importing their backward violent culture !, 
  / s cool video though . 
  a bit sad that we have no such custom here . 
  no more at least . 
  `` there are no russian soldiers in eastern ukraine and the number is incorrect too ! '', 
  expect ten 20 $ dlcs in the first year . 
  why should one ethnicity take over ?
