  kral/kr \u00e1l means king in multiple languages , not just serbian . 
  say whatever you want , no one cares . 
  `` stari bridge '', 
  why do neonazis always use red , black and white , regardless of their nationality ? 
  it makes them look so ominous . 
  why not use bright , happy colours instead ? 
  the combination of blue , white and yellow looks really pleasing to the eye . 
  edgy . 
  you ignore the fact there have been five freaking crusdes called on bohemia during that time . 
  blaming it all on hussites , as radical as they were , is dishonest . 
  actually , if you look closely you 'll notice there are at least two inconspicuously placed , heavily muscled bodyguards propping him up from behind, 
  what about bosniaks ? 
  they are slavs , most eat pork and drink beer yet they are muslim . 
  how do they fit in your spectrum ? 
  not sure why you 're downvoted , you are absolutely right . 
  does this mean that as an atheist , i am not european ? 
  weird , i swar it was in italian when i opened it first . 
  i might be going cray . 
  translation maybe ? 
  edit : nvm, 
  they chose him so the macedonians could n't do so later . 
  it seems to me there is much more redheads in moravia than in the rest of the country . 
  czechia can into western europe !, 
  would you rather fight a horse-sized duck , or hundred duck-sized horses ? 
  the mehmet-class inter-continental missiles . 
  that does n't say much though . 
  the guy changes his opinion like an underwear . 
  pretty much . 
  technically it was though . 
   denmark quick , we need some articles shaming denmark !, 
  what the fuck is that website ? 
  oh come on . 
   sloven\u010dina  sloven\u0161\u010dina you are doing this on purpose , are n't you ? 
  pretty much the same here . 
  you tried . 
  just the polish victim complex in action . 
  you were fighting soviets , we were fighting hungarians . 
  in the meantime , you were trying to quietly annex the whole t\u011b\u0161\u00ednsko , breaking the treaty between our countries concerning the area . 
  sure , an armed response might not have been a most sensible , few things were during that time . 
  it served its purpose . 
  but please , do n't let me distract you from your self-victimization . 
  huh . 
  i wonder how many transgender people we have in our army . 
  makes sense . 
  witcher is basically a fantasy version of central europe . 
  all moravia is slivovice region . 
  what would this sub be without its daily dose of outrage . 
  it 's called fakt , so it must be true . 
  peanut butter is pretty good . 
  i actually prefer it to nutella and similar stuff . 
  i do n't think ukrainians would have any problem in differentiating between those two languages . 
  muh christian values !, 
  that 's not true . 
  it really depends on person . 
  many people use former , many people prefer latter . 
  do n't worry , polish is just as funny to us . 
  no civil war . 
  just the end of eu . 
  it sounds cheap because it 's still fresh change . 
  give it ten years and no one will care . 
  the word czechia itself is pretty old :  the term `` czechia '' is attested as early as 1569 in latin and 1841 in english ( poselkynie starych przjbiehuw czeskych - messenger of the old fates of czechia ) . 
  other early uses occurred in 1856 or in an 1866 report on the austro-prussian war . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/name_of_the_czech_republic#english-language_name might be you 've gotten the word from there . 
   there was a movie about battle of britain where main heroes were ... czechs what are you implying there ? 
  czechoslovak pilots were just as important as the polish ones . 
  if you 're talking about the [ dark blue world ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0244479/ ) , the director was a czech himself . 
  of course the main heroes would be czechs . 
  the cartel . 
  unfortunately , the eu is against cat . 
  yeah . 
  from the article , it seems the biggest beef the locals have is with the massive cruise ships that park figuratively in the middle of the city and release hordes of turists that swarm the centre like locusts . 
  keep the news coming . 
  this sub needs more slovakia . 
  babi\u0161 will always do whatever gives him the most votes , however he is rational enough not to do anything that would sabotage the cash flow from eu . 
  which is why he keeps quiet about migrant crysis , and deliberately vague about euro adoption . 
  he is pro-eu , but does n't present himself so overtly because majority of his voters are n't . 
  call is spinelessness , or pragmatism . 
  he is a populist , first and foremost . 
  this . 
  i find that pro-euthanasia crowd hardly ever thinks about what impact does it have on doctors , who are supposed to be responsible for ending the lives . 
  i wonder why there is that orange `` island '' of lower lactose intolerance in the central europe . 
  poland . 
  except slovaks themselves . 
  source : studying in moravia . 
  looks like monday . 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  were n't scythians indo-european people related to modern iranians ? 
  ah , the nomadic horde approach . 
  than they should change the constitution to allow it instead of hiding behind it . 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  there is more policemen there than actual protestors lol . 
  just a small taste of the bizarre world of czech politics . 
  and here i thought we could go a week without another plc post . 
  it 's been more than 600 years . 
  one would have thought we could discuss the event without greeks having stinking loser attitude about it . 
  a testament to roman laziness when it comes to naming foreign territories . 
  i did n't say we were . 
  also the wiki article you posted is a bit too one sided to my liking , as it omits the provocation and rampant propaganda from the polish side at the time . 
  it worked out great did n't it ? 
  an army which he promptly absorbed into wehrmacht to use in invasion of france .
