  people here are really wierd . 
   i do n't think europe needs another small country . 
  what does this statement even mean ? 
  did europe need another small country when the netherlands became independant ? 
  what or who decides that ? 
  people should have right of self-detrmination . 
  if majority wants to govern themselves , they should be allowed that . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  i guess ottoman rule evoked the same sentiment in all their subjects . 
   `` raymond sculley then removed a bicycle lock , a heavy metal chain attached to a solid locking end that he took from his own bike , and approached the helpless mr makar . 
   `` he swung the improvised weapon and struck mr makar to the left side of his head , catching him behind the ear and knocking him to the ground where he then struck him at least twice more . '' ...  giving evidence , sculley denied murdering makar , claiming he did not intend to kill him and was acting in self-defence . 
  what the fuck ? 
  at least there 's no risk of our country turning into giant lake . 
  probably living their life in peace without fear of lynching . 
  you can take our freedom , but you wo n't take our gott !, 
  i thought it was in the world . 
  i , for one , spiritually identify as a jedi . 
  i guess putin is not pleased at all . 
  look at that folks , it 's the new jobs you 've wanted !, 
  that will show em !, 
  they do this to everyone . 
  it 's like a rite of acceptance into clan . 
  i can imagine . 
  it 's justy a bit chilly outside . 
  in his imagination maybe . 
  even basques came here several thouands years ago . 
  by this logic no one is native anywhere . 
  more precisely , ussr used pan-slavism and communism as a means to further their imperialist policy . 
  as a guy studying in moravia , i can confirm it 's as if czechoslovakia never broke up . 
  not that i am complaining . 
  slovak women are absolutely gorgeous . 
  you are just jelly of our special relationship !, 
  if this forces our government ( s ) to stop stalling and finally adopt euro , i am all for multispeed . 
  you will grow wings and come to mainland to steal our jerbs . 
  yes . 
  hypocrisy at its finest . 
  well , it would be pretty strange for christians wanting sharia . 
  irony is unchristian . 
  yes !, 
  i was thinking one and type the other . 
  stupid me . 
  slivovice though . 
  i admit we ca n't beat them there . 
  who the hell is coming up with this stuff . 
  we should push for czech to be used instead of english in brussels after brexit . 
  because there is so little left . 
  it does n't help that some of sources are basically forgeries from 19th century . 
  plus , slavic mythology/history is still pretty political in some countries . 
  would it though ? 
  part of the reason europe advenced so quickly compared to the rest of the world was lack of resources that promted explortion and constant conflict between relatively equal realms . 
  if there were still pax romana , maybe there would n't be enough incentive to develop new technologies . 
  europe could have very well ended like china . 
  [ silesia rightful bohemian clay !, 
  1742 worst day of my life !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silesia#/media/file:crown_of_bohemia_1648.png ), 
  holy shit lol, 
  it 's actually slovaks who consider gm their predecessor . 
  after all , nitra is located in slovakia . 
  this triggers the armenian . 
  are n't we all ancient people ? 
  it 's just some migrated elswhere while others stuck to their mountains . 
  he never said you were good at it . 
  what about poles appropriating the whole plc history ? 
   macedonians keep trolling them i think it 's more like willful ignorance than trolling . 
  macedonian government is trying to build national identity based on falsehood . 
  find us some decent king and we can talk about personal union . 
   lichtenstain it 's bitch to wash off . 
  holy shit i completely forgot this vid existed . 
  top maymays, 
  same in other west slavic languages . 
  reeeeeee, 
  until magyars fucked our shit up ,, 
  free anime for all !, 
  there is no god . 
  only j\u00e1gr . 
  gib back our stuff . 
  star wars ? 
  they did plenty of raiding and pillaging in bohemia during the tyw . 
  that mustache-5 o clock shadow thing he has going above his lip has me so confused is it supposed to be a mustache ? 
  some unholy combination of both ? 
  god dammit erdogan , just commit to one , you ca n't sit on both chairs at once . 
  blessed be his mullet . 
  of course he is . 
  he will turn 180 \u00b0 once the referendum is over . 
  like he did with russia . 
  what is god ? 
  it would be best to wait till the referendum in turkey is over before eu starts making any strong statements and decisions . 
  and even remotely aggressive response would help erdogan immensely right now . 
  that description fits us as well . 
  childish and petty . 
   what do they achieve by killing this bird i do n't think those little psychos needed a reason . 
   czechia my man < 3, 
  if this is avarage erdogan supporter , i feel really sorry for turkey . 
  first stabbing of oranges , hacking airlines ' website , then stealing a flag of dutch consulate and now this ? 
  are these attempts to make us take him serious ? 
  you are not . 
  it 's pretty obvious . 
  i am pretty sure erdo already had a fiery statement about french refusal of plane 's landing and this took him by surprise . 
  and they originated in austria . 
  mostly mountains and gorgeous nature .
