  which got her feet cut off by russia . 
  some less serious read for those interested : http://www.badassoftheweek.com/zizka.html edit : to the guy who posted in this thread , you have been shadowbanned and no one can see your posts . 
  contact reddit admins to solve this . 
  it 's like finland , only less mongol . 
  lol what are you getting downvoted for ? 
  low energy , even . 
  surprisingly moderate stance on the whole issue . 
  sorry for being downvoted so much . 
  i 'd also like to point out that modern macedonians are genetically descended not only from the slavs coming there during the migratory period in 6th-7th century , but also the original population of that area ( whatever that might have been ) , so the idea that modern slavic speaking people have no relation or right to the ancient history of the region is fairly incorrect , and frankly , mildly arrogant on greek part . 
  that does not mean i am defending the historical revisionism and appropriation of greek historical figures , of course . 
  seems like he got a bit lost after his ressurection . 
  romanians are not that ganatically different to neighboring population . 
  and your language has many slavic influences , even after you purged most of the loanwords . 
  you might as well embrace your inner slav and start squatting . 
  i do n't see any wrong in this . 
  i will take the bait . 
  who is the first ? 
  the fact you felt need to add / s at the end of this post made me die a little inside . 
  no we do n't . 
  that 's how you catch people with actual taste . 
  read the headline as `` turkish dictator '' and was confused why would erdogan insult himself . 
  51 % is not as bad as i thought it would be . 
  [ to be fair , the fact he was persecuted at all was mainly due to him being massive dick to the pope . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galileo_affair#dialogue ), 
  i thought the mountain germans were swiss . 
  pretty cool what if - scenario though . 
  actually , it 's karel velik\u00fd . 
  also , they are no slovakia . 
   i thought czechs do hold a grudge against austria , for `` holding them back '' in the past and acting `` aloof '' . 
  so i am positively surprised . 
  not at all . 
  true , we were tought about oppression of czech minority rights in the empire , but all that is overshadowed by the ww2 and communist era that followed . 
  there are really no grudges anymore . 
  it 's more danish youth vomiting on our streets nowadays . 
  well , there are many austrians with czech surnames and vice versa , as a relic from our imperial past . 
  there is a fun thing i 've heard someone say that austrians are just german-speaking czechs . 
  if it were n't for communism and iron curtain , out countries would be much more similar . 
  you have the issue of not being slovakia . 
  our heart belongs to another . 
  it gets brought up whenever someone needs cheap political points . 
  people are polarized . 
  the half that supports tibet and welcomes dalai lama is accused by the other , conservative and nationalistic half as `` slun\u00ed\u010dk\u00e1\u0159i '' ( loosely means `` sunny people '' , kinda like republicans in us called liberals hippies ) and `` multikulti '' ( multiculturalism somehow became pejorative here ) . 
  our president , zeman , is very pro-chinese , while our government keeps more pragmatic stance of `` do n't care '' . 
  the opposition is more pro-tibet . 
  the last time chinese delegation visited czechia , there has been a controvery about authorities censoring mentions of tibet , tearing down tibetan flags at university windows and disrupting pro-tibetan rallies . 
  something people are not really used to post-1989 . 
  however , as with any other topics not directly impacting our life , i think majority of czechs just plainly do not care either way . 
  [ no , this is why . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glasgow_smile ), 
  is it me or is he willfuly ignoring the fact that almost half of the country has said its no to his autocratic ambitions despite vote manipulation and constant harrassment ? 
  it 's as if he lives in another reality . 
  lol . 
  bernie is straight up right-wing conservative compared to melenchon . 
  it kinda looks like a plane facing upwards . 
  this guy is right !, 
  iirc smeagol is a different `` subrace '' of hobbit , whose people have been living on the shore of the great river anduin . 
  which is where he found the one ring . 
  can , not nescessarily want . 
  i am pretty sure the glagolic script was conceived by st methodius in bulgaria/greece . 
  it only lasted in croatia the longest , but it was n't created there . 
  well , as i said , they took their freedom . 
  not the meme . 
  is he going to do referenda about everything now ? 
  this . 
  religion is useful tool for people like him , especially when it costs him practically nothing but few tweets and vague promises to get their votes . 
  holy shit this is real . 
  they can take away your freedom , but they wo n't take away your memes . 
  this , right here , is the pinnacle of eu cooperation . 
  for those who have no idea what 's this about , it 's one of the pre-christian pagan rituals that somehoew made it into modern age . 
  actually the `` whip '' , is made from fresh , young , supple willow tree sticks and everyone is supposed to make their own . 
  furthermore , contrary to popular belief , it 's not some bdsm action or abuse of women where they end up with bloodied asses . 
  usually it 's just few soft spankings along with recitation/singing of traditional easter carols , after which the women give the person treats/painted eggs/a shot of slivovice . 
  anyway , in bohemia nowadays it 's mostly just children going from house to house collecting sweets and eggs . 
  the custom is more alive in moravia , as well as slovakia . 
  it 's slowly dying out though , which is a bit sad , as most of out traditions are already gone . 
  indeed . 
  running away solves nothing and actually helps erdogan . 
  i would n't really call it a mustache . 
  it would n't make good headline . 
  so , any news on the `` real '' numbers ? 
  pm giving victory speech while the votes are still being counted . 
  i guess the referendum was just formality eh . 
   in the wake of the closely-fought and close referendum he called for unity . 
  `` we have to look after our united country , it is what makes us a real democracy to have different opinions while ** not trying to dominate each other ** , '' he said . 
  `` the country voted , they said yes . '' is he for real ? 
  erdogan has some balls to celebrate despite the narrow results and the fact the vote has not even ended yet . 
  there is some irony to be found in the fact the video is blocked for me . 
  yeah . 
  seems like the state media have been reporting wrong number of ballots opened . 
  no idea what the real numbers are now . 
  source ? 
  seems like your `` countrymen '' have decided for you . 
  it was never intended to win anyway . 
  honestly , i am pretty surprised how close the result is . 
  there is still yet chance for turkey . 
  there must be some manipulation involved . 
  the numbers do n't add up . 
  from what we 've seen in russia , sanctions only lead to strengthening of ruling party 's position . 
  maybe they should be given a vacation in turkey to experience the country they helped to create . 
  say , for a lifetime .
