  it 's wonder they have n't nuclearly annihilated each other yet . 
  it 's called finlandization . 
  it 's not the right kind of sunni . 
  i love the mix of italian , islamic and greek architecture . 
  that 's actually quite similar to old czech . 
  makes you wonder how close our languages were 500 + years ago . 
  i am afraid they are too busy condemning israel to write one . 
  i love this language . 
  it sounds like some strange mix of spanish and french that somehow works , kinda like occitan . 
  traditional czech surnames , all of them . 
  true . 
  i actually played the first two game in polish with czech subtitles . 
  it worked pretty well . 
  iirc glagolic script was then brought to great moravia by st. cyril and st. methodius . 
  it 's pretty cool alphabet actually . 
  i 'm sad it was replaced by latin and cyrillic, 
  yeah , although it is collection of much older slavic folk tales . 
   is n't bosnia in africa idiots , everybody knows bosnia 's in russia . 
  there actually is n't . 
  compared to , say , nordic paganism , there is remarkably little left from the original slavic mythology and religion . 
  parly because pagan slavs were illiterate and passed on everything orally , and partly partly because the conversion of slavic tribes happened relatively early ( 8th-10th century ) . 
  the missionaries of that time , unlike later on , were not as interested in learning the culture they were spreading the faith in . 
  historians are n't even sure on the number of gods in the slavic pantheon . 
  some names are suspected to be local variation of the same god , like triglav , who is competely absent in eastern slav mythology , or , in some cases , a pure fabrication , like belobog or czernobog - literally `` white god '' and `` black god '' . 
  it does n't help that many of the sources on old slavic faith are known or suspected to be 19th century forgeries of romantic-era nationalists . 
  all that is left are fragments of folk tales and songs and local customs that were absorbed into christian holidays - like easter , which is very , very different from it 's western version . 
  only think i do n't understand why the text says bosniaks are n't slavs . 
  also macedonian declaring himself slavic ? 
  source ? 
  i am pretty sure that theory was disproved some time ago . 
  people hate changes , however small and insignificant , and like to complain . 
  i agree . 
  having history as a hobby is fine and dandy . 
  problems arise when some folks start to live in it . 
  i bet he fitishizes crusades as well . 
  arabs are not kebab though . 
  additionally to jews , many people do n't know ( or do n't care ) that the entire population of czech roma people has been almost completely exterminated . 
  today 's roma came primarily from slovakia after ww2 . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  czechia for lyfe . 
  do n't use it then . 
  i do n't really undertand why is everyone making such a big deal of it . 
  it 's just alternative , not a name change . 
  only same sex dogs though . 
  it 's sensible , if you ask me . 
  you let one of those gay pairs adopt a russian children , turn him into gay , and before long the kid is back and starts spreading the gayness all over the motherland . 
  i 've always thought the orthodox church was against the concept of crusades and holy wars . 
  the only reason the ere helped the crusaders at all during the first crusade was the promise of gaining back the territory they lost to the turks . 
  you either embrace the christ , or the christ comes to your home to embrace you . 
  ^ ^ ^ with ^ fire ^ and ^ sword . 
  hopefully not one of those defensive pagan ones . 
  next thing you know you swim in hordes of event spawned filthy pagan zealots . 
  it 's sad to witness what alcohol does to human brain . 
  it 's even worse than i 've thought . 
  is this a normal irish experience ? 
  because during my last trip i certainly felt that way . 
  wow . 
  it was the `` we both hate austria so lets team up '' kind of alliance . 
  that 's like yesterday in putin 's mind . 
  there were no hungarians in pannonia during charlemagne though . 
  you were too busy herding your sheep when they were making this map . 
  [ you can have our glorious navy . 
  ah , the first czech internet meme . 
  congrats to our brothers for having a president who is n't climbing up the chinese ass holes on regular basis . 
  aiming for cultural victory i see . 
  the hero we deserve . 
  i think you can , however you have to have to imprison him first . 
  inviting germans to baltic ? 
  next thing you know they form a holy order and start crusading lithuanians again . 
  the bit about ufo gets even more hilarious in czech . 
  yes, 
  me neither . 
   but we are n't eastern european anyway v4 pride high five !, 
  most of the population is descendants of amerindians and spanish settlers though . 
  at this point i 'm no longer sure what is satire and what is serious . 
  that 's how you win cultural victory . 
  make it glass of juice and cup of cofee instead of milk and you listed my usual breakfast . 
  hungary going for the long con . 
  i think the main problem is none of the established parties have any clue on how to lead a successful campaign in 2016 . 
  they still believe that putting few huge posters with vague slogans on side of the road and voter loalty alone will win them the elections . 
  not anymore . 
  but are n't foreign workers hired because locals are unwilling to do these jobs in the first place ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  i have mixed opinion about this page of our history . 
  on one hand it was one of the few occasions when czechs did n't bow down to foreign power and stood straight and fought for what they thought was right - and successfully . 
  on the other hand the hussite wars brough terrible devastation to bohemia and neighboring regions and turned former jewel of the empire into provincial backwater . 
  it took another two hundred year for kingdom to recover and reach its pre-war significance - before being burned down again during the thirty year war . 
  fun fact , k\u00f6nigsberg , or kr\u00e1lovec in czech , was named in honour of [ ottokar ii , king of bohemia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottokar_ii_of_bohemia#building_an_empire ) , who participated in baltic crusades . 
  also called iron and golden king . 
  all-around complete badass . 
  middle earth, 
  hopefully by then the sea will come to us thanks to global warming . 
  czechia can not into sea . 
  but it can into underwater holes . 
  they did reverse that one though . 
  no wonder it turned to such shit . 
  having a form of government in a country 's name is silly . 
  why ? 
  czech republic is the weird one . 
  clumsy and mouthful .
