  it 's sometimes seen as pejorative here though . 
  it was favourtie word of nazis for us . 
  which means `` czech woman '' in our language . 
  you guys must really like them down there . 
  allahu akhbar to that , brother . 
  does n't it sound pretty much the same as czechia , though ? 
   `` czech islamic republic '' it has happened , konvi\u010dka was right !, 
  protect your women !, 
  if you want to be swarmed by angry moravians , absolutely . 
  in my experience , brits and irish thought i was french when speaking czech . 
  i guess it 's the \u0158 that gave them that notion . 
  quite strange though . 
  but he did it so smoothly . 
  i am genuinely impressed . 
  i remember when it was a huge hit in our country . 
  unbelievable . 
  same in czechia . 
  hell , a janitor in germany earns more than a doctor fresh out of med school in czechia . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i 'd argue that hussite wars were not the cause of widespread atheism . 
  this opinion is a relic of communist brainwashing , who warped this part of our history as a great struggle of worker-class against burgoise . 
  hussites were religious nuts , for christ 's sake , . 
  it even ended with peace deal with rome allowing the bohemians to worship however they wanted . 
  many jumped into the protestant bandwagon , when the reformation in europe kicked in , too . 
  in fact , by the 17th century , bohemia was almost completely protestant . 
  it was the aggressive counter-reformation after the battle of white mountain that did the most damage . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_white_mountain#aftermath in short : forced re-catholization of protestant bohemia made sure religion was never part of national identity ever again . 
  instead it was seen as a tool of foreign ( austrian ) oppression . 
  40 years of communist regime did n't help either . 
  romanian does not really sound like russian though . 
  ha , this guy 's had no idea why the score was hidden !, 
  look at him , look at him and laugh !, 
  [ i got you fam ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/4125ya/why_are_finnish_people_called_mongols/ ), 
  he 'd stopped before any finns showed up . 
  so , romanian ? 
  or , it 's superior alternative , czech . 
  that would actually be pretty awesome . 
  i really do n't know where you 'd gotten the idea that i hated the word czechia . 
  all i asked is why he 's put it in quotation marks . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable word , and i like it much more that czech republic . 
  no need for '' . 
  also makes your spinal fluid dry up . 
  i feel like there 's some reference in there i 'm not getting . 
   `` czechia '' why the '' ? 
  obviously rohan is either hungary or poland , given their historical fetish for horses . 
  that 's european enough for me . 
  because hating the dirty eastern euro does n't get you the same backlash as being racist towards indians or middle-easterners . 
   much like the mongol empire , did n't leave a lot of legacy behind except for destruction . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the legacy of mongols is massive . 
  wow , for 70s movie this looks amazing . 
  fun fact : knights hospitaller still exist , and [ they even have a website ] ( https://www.orderofmalta.int/sovereign-order-of-malta/knights-of-malta/ ) . 
  ottomans were not nomads . 
  funnily enough , i managed to get a pu with hungary . 
  although i had to wrestle it from austria by using france as a battering ram . 
  i wish eu4 bohemia hav n't had such meh-ish ideas . 
  not really , big chin and big lips were a trait common to both branches . 
  it 's what you get when you keep it in family . 
  it this context , he means a great call , not a great book . 
  aka modern photography . 
  i am sorry , but this is nowhere near photorealism . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  the fact that fantasy version of prague is ruled by fantasy version of russia is somehow triggering . 
  i am sure the kingdom of england already had a worldwide empire in the 15th century . 
  is it ? 
  i 've had it few times and it was n't that bad . 
  mind you i have not much experience with ciders . 
  [ it 's from this scene in life of brian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ytt_cqvmos ) around 1:45 . 
  it 's not about love of middle easterners . 
  it 's mostly about the sense of moral high ground it gives you when you are perceived as loving them . 
  those politicians crying in tv about plight of migrants - they are so out of touch they might as well be living on another planet , when it comes to contact and interaction with refugees and migrants . 
  mind you , it 's the same on the opposite end of the spectrum . 
  majority of people in my country most vocal about migrants and islam have never seen a single muslim themselves , except maybe some folks from rich arab families studying in czechia . 
  jesus said it himself . 
  the greek shall inherit the earth . 
  also that guy in the back in blue tshirt hailing with a can of beer . 
  i 'm sure hitler would approve of these fine aryan specimen . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  well , the tree from which slivovice is commonly made is called [ sl\u00edva ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/slivo%c5%88_sl%c3%adva ) . 
  i guess the name comes from this . 
  as for who invented this type of alcohol , it 's not hard to believe that it was some really , really distant ancestor from before the time any of our countries were a thing . 
  you mean slivovice ? 
  does it mean moravia is balkans too ? 
  also too cold . 
  balkans is not a place . 
  balkans is a state of mind . 
  they are they own kind of fuck up . 
  i guess we should better call habsburgs . 
  the absolute madman !, 
  if mental gymnastics was an olympic sport , that comment would win gold for sure . 
  you know you are in caucasus when folk costumes have built in pockets for bullets . 
  this is fabulous . 
  the complete list would be pretty long . 
  literally every village , especially in moravia , has it 's own more or less unique folk costume . 
  looks pretty greek , especially the 4th . 
  now this is the penguin that takes his job seriously . 
  there was a good reason . 
  both countries were authoritarian regimes openly hostile to the new czechoslovakia and made numerous claims on our territory after it became independent in 1918 . 
  history is rarely black and white and poles , nor hungarians were always saints . 
  the truth is , neither were czechoslovakia , however , at the time it was one of the few truly democratic countries in post ww1 eastern europe .
