  that must have been a bitch to clean . 
  you know how to hold a grudge . 
  you 're wrong . 
  lithuanian and latvian are baltic language group . 
  how is your fish-speaking proficiency ? 
  til . 
  i honestly had no idea , despite using it in my pc . 
  it 's easy to love a dictator when you are not the one suffering under his rule . 
  and that 's not difficult at all . 
  try playing georgia in eu4 . 
  challenging does n't even begin to describe it . 
  on the contrary . 
  it 's perfect symbiosis . 
  you tease ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  * no one * has any idea what to do with albania . 
  confirmed . 
  poles are indians in disguise . 
  i 'd prefer butter , thanks . 
  ca n't post the source right now , but i saw some video/documentary on youtube about some family from northern wales who spoke only welsh at home , their teenage daughter studied at welsh-speaking school and her english was far from fluent . 
  pretty interesting . 
  iirc , this was during the peak of the empire , when ottonian emperors wielded considerable power over their vassals . 
  turkish cannons ca n't melt theodosian walls !, 
  1453 was inside job !, 
  one could bend steel with cheekbones like hers though . 
  it 's interesting how has the english nationalism risen up in popularity since brexit . 
  although i guess it 's only because there were not given as much space to broadcast their views . 
  i am sure the eu will still be blamed for it . 
   `` the canadian government 's decision to extend the military mission in ukraine is counterproductive and does not facilitate intra-ukrainian political process ... '' as opposed to the russian military mission that simultaneously is and is not and keeps the region in the perpetual state of conflict . 
  obviously . 
  it 's politically easier to collectively bash eastern europeans than to single out the ethnic group guilty of this . 
  unfortunately , the result is the rest of europe thinking that romanian equals roma . 
  these constumes were never worn daily . 
  they were worn as a formal attire for special occasions like wedding or some celebrations . 
  before they were replaced by suits . 
  many products already cost as much as they do in germany , despite being inferior in quality . 
  us in eu can actually afford chairs . 
  it 's universal fashion among the lower class in europe . 
  and exported to uk . 
  you know , people think it 's only ee thing , but few years back when i was in ireland ( cork and surrounding area ) , literally every single teenager was running around in some sort of tracksuit . 
  it was quite surprising for me as i 've never seen such concentration of this type of clothes before , and in my country i would feel extremely silly casually going out in it . 
  it 's all fake news !, 
  the image is probably heavily edited to make the lights brigther . 
  he is just trolling , do n't feed him . 
  pure populism . 
  simple as that . 
  kawaii desu ne !, 
  interesting . 
  your listopad means october , while our listopad is what we call november . 
  i find it interesting that we and ukraine got the same name for the month , while croats and belarussians call it something else completely . 
  same here . 
  i could n't function without one in the morning . 
  let 's not forget the fact that much of napoleon 's french expansion was due to british bribing other countries to attack him again and again and failing spectacularly at it . 
  thirty years ' war happened . 
  plus other things down the road , but this was the final straw for prague 's prominence . 
  one of the better things to came from the imperial times . 
  yeah , sorry , i guess i understood you wrong . 
  you are right though , plenty of time the meat is done wrong and ends up tasting like shit . 
   new york was called new amsterdam why they changed it i ca n't say, 
  people like to forget that albanians and bosniaks exist . 
  lately , i 've noticed that when typing too fast , i sometimes use * of * instead of * have * , and * your * instead of * you 're * . 
  i like to thing i 've reached the native level of english fluency . 
  i see you have never tried learning any language east of germany . 
  this is perfect . 
  thank you . 
  beer  no beer . 
  come on guys , this one is easy . 
  yep . 
  there is nothing wrong with fresh onions . 
  given that our schnitzel , also * \u0159\u00edzek * in the superior language , is done exactly the same , i have to back the austrian school of thought on this issue . 
  holy franz josef man , that was savage . 
  brutally murdered pictish man was a hipster from starbucks ? 
  you should have studied the geography more . 
  vltava flows into labe , which continues into germany as elbe . 
  i swear when i was in ireland , we had potatoes almost every single day . 
  not that i 'm complaining , i like potatoes . 
  people who hate pineapple on their pizza hate life itself . 
  i agree . 
  the voice acting makes the whole thing completely bizzare . 
  it 's like two high guys adding funny voices to muted tv show . 
  considering it 's in dutch , that probably is exactly what happened . 
  not sure about other versions , but the czech ( oslovakian ) original had no voice acting . 
  it 's not really needed anyway . 
  what drugs is this guy on ? 
  i 've read something about antonio banderas bringing the cloaks back some time ago . 
  does n't seem like he 's been successful so far . 
  i hope there is a quality burn centre in slovakia , because holy shit , that must have hurt . 
  play as bohemia . 
  pick aristocratic ideas . 
  culture convert every province to czech . 
  laugh as your enemies bleed paper mana while struggling to core your land . 
   \u010e for a sound similar to d\u017e they are not really similar . 
  d\u017e is pronounced like j in the word * job * . 
  \u010e has no real equivalent in english . 
  because plain latin letters are not enough to properly display pronounciation of words . 
  the alternative would be to go full polish and instead of \u017e use zs , cz instead of \u010d , etc. 
  you never go full polish . 
  i am pleasantly surprised by my country . 
  czechia can almost into western europe . 
  true . 
  if not for few 19th century intellectuals hell-bent on ressurecting the czech language , we would be like todays sorbians .
