  we are the same . 
  everyone here loves to show off their meaningless titles . 
  especially politicians . 
  what a fine swedish specimen . 
  how to trigger both sides at the same time . 
  the fact it comes from member of greens does not suprise me at all . 
  it took them one term in czech parliament to make themselves un-electable ever again . 
  what suprises me is this coming from a german representative . 
  one would think she 'd realize what reaction such proposal would cause with her eastern neighbors . 
  in my opinion the ethnic segragation of bosniaks , croatians and serbs is the cause of ongoing nationalist separatism . 
  i am pretty sure this is the exact reason . 
  / s ... or am i ? 
  i 'd popose a jousting and melee to determine the champion of the house !, 
  it is unfortunately all beyond the maybot 's programming . 
  i am sure there is still plenty of habsburgs left anxious to get their hands on bohemian crown again . 
  i would n't mind that tbh . 
  bulgaria has great beaches . 
  just pick the right focus and you will be wallowing in depression in no time !, 
  which is ironic because hardly any slovak that has not been living there for years can speak it . 
  just because you understand the language does n't mean you are fluent in it . 
  man , wait till americans get wind of this thread . 
  the same logic that says it prevents masturbation . 
  this is just deranged rambling of bitter , narcissistic old man who likes the sound of his voice too much . 
  if he had any sense of shame he would crawl back to whatever institute of his he came from and never show his face again . 
  he has already done enough damage to this country . 
  how crude . 
  the real answer is marrying the daughter of the king of belarus and assassinating his heirs one by one until she inherits , then you murder her as well , after which you commit suicide so your son inherits both thrones at the same time . 
  do you want robot overlords ? 
  because that 's how you get robot overlords . 
  the munich agreement was still in effect at that time and the government in exile was worried it would be left to germany/austria . 
   kutschera some real aryan surname . 
  it 's mainly thanks to them and their sacrifice czechoslovakia was accepted as an allied nation and recreated in its pre-ww2 borders . 
  the importance of their action for our country cannost be overstated . 
  i was disappointed a bit myself . 
   turns out my dad might be german / r/surpriseblitzkrieg, 
  ukrainians are already the biggest minority here . 
  might as well take in 150 000 more . 
  so scots leaving the uk is not waste of time and resources ? 
  this is pretty big double-standard . 
   what is the point for independence if the future for both catalonia and spain is within the eu ? 
  it should be up to catalans to decide where there future will be . 
  and both spain and eu should respect that decision . 
  the photo makes it seem it 's in the middle of woods like some kind of buddhist temple , while in fact it 's surrounded by houses . 
  calm down hannibal . 
  we 've been bamboozled by op 's image . 
  what choice do they have though ? 
  spanish constitution forbids any independence referenda and spanish goverment will never amend it . 
  just let them have their independence already . 
  would be iraqi army even able to stop them if they declared their independance unilaterally ? 
  assuming turkey would n't swipe in ? 
  imagine norway striving for independance in 21st century . 
  you 'd have swedes brigading every pro-independance thread down-voting it to oblivion while hating on norweigans for daring to break eu country . 
  robots do n't have emotions . 
  it 's hilarious how people on this sub root for scots and their independence from evil oppressive english , yet at the same time bash , ridicule and vilify catalans for wanting exactly the same . 
  the hipocrisy is almost too much to handle . 
  wait i thought eu was united again and saved from far-right and populism thanks to brexit and macronmania . 
  you telling me the feel-good articles were a lie ? 
  an old , bitter man , who ca n't get over the fact that no one cares about him or his opinion anymore . 
  that or early symptoms of dementia . 
  the beatings will continue until morale improves . 
  we just skipped the middle man . 
  it 's an western imperialists ' legend . 
  we believe in guns . 
  just like texas . 
  i honestly ca n't tell . 
  we are literally turning into texas of europe . 
  exactly . 
  he loves eu and it 's cash that finances his businesses , but he ca n't and wo n't present ano and himself as pro-eu at home because his party would lose votes . 
  most recent polls says only 30 % of people view eu positively . 
  just another typical anglo-centric article on how their farts propel the world forward . 
  -- the worst thing is , it is almost certain the election winner will be the biggest populist party here . 
  and with the public already euro-sceptic , and being further antagonized by eu actions , you can bet the next government probably wo n't be eu-friendly one . 
  based on his track record so far , i would n't rule it out completely . 
  is that the guy with bunker fetish ? 
  also an architect , physicist and a beekeeper . 
  and vodka . 
  just a glipse of the bizzaro world of czech politics . 
  this is common across all former eastern block countries , more or less . 
  actually , i recall seeing a documentary where it 's explained this exactly happened . 
  edit : i mean , the migration stopped by glaciers . 
  did n't expect that . 
  i thought it would be slovaks . 
   [ in 1991 , there were just 8,500 ukrainian citizens on czech territory . 
  [ 4 ] however , as of october 2009 , figures of the czech statistical office showed that number had grown to 132,481 , making ukrainians the largest group of foreigners in the czech republic , with a 30 % share of the foreign population . 
  [ 5 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainians_in_the_czech_republic ) i wonder how many ukrainians are here now , post-majdan . 
  * lactose tolerant master race *, 
  so no difference then . 
  they are not the dirty eastern europoors . 
  it 's that simple . 
  do n't question the decisions of our dear benevolent mods . 
  or else / s, 
  i am rather fond of czechplease . 
  i was joking . 
  thank you captain . 
  there are elections coming right now here . 
  what does junker expect czechia to do ? 
  our population is already as eurosceptic as it gets and the refugee crysis made everything even worse . 
  bowing down and accepting migrant quotas right now would be political suicide across the political spectrum . 
  our left is already on the verge of collapse and the right is still in shambles after numerous scandals . 
  this whole shitshow only helps populists and extremists scoring additional free points .
