  then i realized it 's pretty much the same thing as old men dating 30 + years younger supermodels , and no one is bothered by those anymore . 
  so eh . 
  if it works for them , who am i to judge . 
  it 's the result of the bizzare relationship the modern left has with islamism . 
  it 's not limited to swedish politics . 
  the center is expensive tourist trap . 
  it 's still pretty cheap once you wander off the beaten path . 
  ah , i guess it 's not so bad idea then . 
  i just find it sad what is happening to my favorite italian city . 
   crazy politics there is no other kind in here . 
  does n't venice have much bigger problems than kebab stores ? 
  like its population moving away and the city itself turning into giant disneyland ? 
  if serbia is mississippi , which country is alabama ? 
  i think hor\u00e1\u010dek has too much of an ego for people to vote for him . 
  draho\u0161 , however , would and will be my choice . 
  he is the only person who i could imagine having as a president . 
  he just needs more public space . 
  on the contrary , i think pm came out as a winner from this one . 
  zeman was trying to humiliate him , and it backfired horribly , literally every politician except babi\u0161 were criticizing him for the theater in the prague castle and lined up behind sobotka . 
  and now with the leaked recordings of babi\u0161 manipulating the media , both him and zeman are under heavy political pressure , which allows sobotka to kick babi\u0161 from the ministry post without it making him look like a victim . 
  and there is nothing zeman can do about it now , other than spit venom through his speaker . 
  really though , i am impressed how the `` meek '' sobotka managed to out-intrigue the master-schemer himself ( zeman ) in this . 
  i do n't mind it . 
  literally every other european language already referred to as in some version of `` czechia '' . 
  if there is one decision i do n't mind , it 's this . 
  well , many people here still insist on using `` republic '' when casually talking about their country , so ... 
  i honestly have no idea why you 're being downvoted . 
  it 's not like everyone here is an atheist , contrary to popular belief . 
  he 'd consider it pretty prudish , probably . 
  is this real ? 
   zeman , though , had more to say . 
  in an apparent deliberate act of humiliation , he told sobotka he was accepting his resignation . 
  he thanked sobotka for his work and asked the government to remain in place until he appoints a new prime minister . 
  this is important bit . 
  in our country , it 's unwritten rule that when pm quits , the whole government ends as well . 
  up until now , it seems . 
  zeman hates sobotka 's guts , and it seems he wants to use this situation to get rid of him and put his own man in charge of the current government . 
  the whole ceremony was basically zeman 's attempt to make our pm sobotka look like an idiot , during live broadcast . 
  which hilariously backfired when sobotka managed to turn the unexpected situation around and make zeman leave the hall full of journalists , giving him free room to explain his intention and call the president out . 
  anyway , this shitshow was something unheard of even to our country . 
  it was really stunning display of arrogance on zeman 's part . 
  the worst thing is i am not even surprised . 
  eu lacks spine to go through with such things . 
  [ til who are pomaks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomaks ), 
  i wonder how much he would start screaming if eu did terminate the turkey 's accession talks as a response . 
  so it 's even worse . 
  they 're idealists . 
  as if there was any image left to ruin . 
  it 's called populism . 
  i have no idea , really . 
  i refuse to even acknowledge that possibility . 
  it 's the best decision he could do . 
  any other would either turn babi\u0161 into martyr or made himself look like an idiot . 
  now whether it 's the best decision for the country , on the other hand ... 
  what a shitty source . 
  well , he is the only one being honest about it . 
   as a state , russia is immensely wealthy . 
  the problem is majority of this wealth never reaches people that are not putin 's cronies . 
  it 's that the europe has strong tradition of unions and people here generally do not take kindly to abuse by their employees . 
  which is exactly what em is doing . 
  i thought we already moved on from the idea that fence = literal nazism ? 
  i guess it 's partly the naive idea that accession process will help transform the countries into western democracies . 
  they do n't realise you have to change the mindset of people first . 
  as the old commie saying goes : `` he who does n't steal , steals from his family . '', 
  even here many politicians view eu as a free money machine to enrich themselves and their buddies and a comfy place to spend the rest of their political carreers , nothing else . 
  people need to vote him out in the next election . 
  all voice , no people . 
  sultan erdogan decides which facts you need to know . 
  [ english version for those too lazy to search for the british flag . 
  ] ( https://vdb.czso.cz/vdbvo2/faces/en/index.jsf?page=vystup-objekt&amp;pvokc=&amp;katalog=31032&amp;pvo=ciz08&amp;z=t ), 
  here are some nice czech words too . 
  and drop the i. 
  [ it 's literally five threads below this one you lazy bum . 
  ] ( http://www.thedrive.com/the-war-zone/9753/freighter-full-of-sheep-accidentally-sinks-russian-spy-ship ), 
  because it 's full of children . 
  it 's vodka-induced heavy fog . 
  they have beaten the dutch horse to death , it 's time to return to good ol' greece bashing . 
  technically vatican is a theocracy , not monarchy . 
  [ antonio banderas has you covered . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/antonio-banderas-fashion-goals-involve-life-imitating-art_us_55f6e440e4b063ecbfa4e05c ), 
  reversing triannon , one country at the time . 
   colloquially known simply as yoke . 
  i lol 'd . 
  how did you get the two stars next to your nickname ? 
  do you want another balkans ? 
  this is how you get another balkans . 
  recently i 've found out that some people have been mispronoucning it as [ che-chee-a ] instead of [ che-kia ] , which is hilarious . 
  this is how you get beat up in brno . 
   wikipedia still says czech republic ( with czechia given as an alternative name ) that 's because some people there ( mostly czechs ) have irrational hate of the name and stubbornly refuse to change it . 
  that 's why czech reblic is still the official name of the country . 
  it did not change . 
  now we just have the one-word alternative . 
  that 's not true . 
  it was just chosen as a one-word alterantive for the name , czech republic . 
  it had nothing to do with chechnya . 
  do n't you know ? 
  every jew is an agent spying for evil israel !, 
  if jesus found himself in 1st century balkans , that is . 
  because the answer would be death of all jews and destruction of israel . 
  this is getting old .
