  upvoted because we desperately need some adaptation that does not stink of communist ideals or shittyhistory . 
  send them a gift basket or something . 
  [ that 's all nice and dandy . 
  but do they have the proofs ? 
   i love my country and hate the us true patriot . 
  lovely . 
  not true . 
  genitals are not any cleaner than your other body parts . 
  in fact , the close proximity to rectum means your bits get often colonised by fecal bacteria ( like e.coli ) , sometimes resulting in urinary infections . 
  women are especially vulnerable , due to obvious anatomical reasons . 
  there is none for czech rep :(, 
   what age are we in the age of dank memes , of course . 
  are thou saying there 's no chainmail in your wardrobe ye filthy peasant ? 
  i doubt either of those `` crusaders '' are even christian . 
  easy for you to say , big blue blob . 
  just spend some diplomatic points and he 'll be fine . 
  probably dismantled by either germany or russia before the war even starts , if history is any indication . 
  that 's what i fear too . 
  the refugee situation is already hot topic for far right and after yesterday 's attacks , more people will be willing to listen to them . 
  in all europe . 
  i expect there will be more anti-migrant , anti-muslim violence than before . 
  it also almost certainly means a new us/french full-scale war in middle-east . 
  i 'm afraid it wo n't acomplish anything this time either . 
  what a fucked up time we 've woken to . 
  it looks very similar to many small czech and moravian towns . 
  germans knew their shit . 
  for those interested , [ here ] ( http://www.badassoftheweek.com/zizka.html ) is an entertaining article about his life . 
  yeah , i fell a victim to this more than once myself . 
  why ? 
  what i find fascinating about ww1 is the fact that at the beginning , there were still cavalry skirmishes , gradually replaced by tank battles and dogfighting as the war went on . 
  amazing how such tragedy accelerated the technological advancement . 
  [ the lightning rod . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lightning_rod#europe ), 
  i did n't even know there are any other ways to write 8 than the german way . 
  all the others seem so inefficient . 
  he is spinning so fast he ca n't see anything anyway . 
  you must be new here . 
  i thought it was obvious enough . 
   do you think the large diversity of political opinions in the hungarian press is planted there by the government to keep up appearances , or am i taking your comment too seriously ? 
   [ not really . 
  what i do think is you do n't understand sarcasm . 
  doublespeak at its best . 
  looking forward to water cannons of harmony and humanitarian tear gas . 
  hungary is still fascist though . 
  / s _______ edit : added / s by popular demand, 
  very edgy . 
  beer , porn and cars . 
  yout tried . 
  because our northern neighbors do n't have the luxury of \u0161 and \u010d . 
  how do they work ? 
  from what i 've read occuring at refugee centers , i 'd beg to differ . 
  at least he can talk to fish . 
  ** [ triggered ] **, 
  such is life in central europe . 
  the smell of pork-heavy czech cuisine is our most potent weapon . 
  sweden yes !, 
  dogs are haram !, 
  i would n't mind . 
  not again :(, 
  unless you are sudeten german . 
  lovely people . 
   a country sometimes i ask myself the same tbh . 
  never heard that before . 
  interesting . 
  google translate told me that means '' * tvrdohlavost * '' in czech . 
  literally `` hard-headedness '' . 
  i think the most similar word to * inat * in czech is * `` truc * '' ( a funny sounding word , now that i think of it ) . 
  the phrase , to do somthing '' * z trucu * '' or '' * natruc * '' means to do somthing without any reason other than to spite the other side . 
  imo that 's pretty much a slavic cultural trait . 
  oh you . 
  thank god it did n't work out . 
  that flag is hideous . 
  i agree . 
  it looks nice and stands out . 
  anything to make a poor russian forget his country falls into bottomless pit . 
  i hope not . 
  at least not * this * russia . 
  wait , i thought the dutch were swamp germans ? 
  well , many were fleeing europe because of religious persecution . 
  that would technically make them refugees . 
  i giggled a little . 
  why not . 
  it 's not like it holds any meaning anymore . 
  jews can not be trusted . 
  and few years back it was the other way around . 
  there was mountains of injustice on both sides and plebs were out for blood . 
  war is terrible thing . 
  cut the hyperboles then . 
  the post-war situation in czechoslovakia was nowhere near as simple as you make it seem . 
  there were times when all it took was crossing a sea and loot some church . 
  mine too . 
  now that is something i did not expect . 
  well , better than the other way around . 
  the fact you saw her should be a strong indication she was n't one . 
  i 'd say the only reason trump won is because democrats decided to choose the only candidate worse than he is . 
  clinton is embodiment of everything wrong with today 's us politics . 
  likewise , the reason for the whole hystery surrounding trump 's victory is the year long mass media campaign painting trump as the original evil , whose electing would bring the judgment day upon the country . 
  people have been brainwashed by biased media into thinking that trump will do all kinds of horrible shit when he 's president ( granted , he was spouting some crazy himself when pandering to bible-mongers ) , and now that he actually won there are people who literally fear leaving their houses whose mind isms full of democrat propaganda . 
  the media campaign against trump was massive , and yet he still won . 
  because letting russia have the whole eastern europe under their curtain did work really well last time .
