if you mean who i think you mean , saying [ gregor mendel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gregor_mendel ) was astrian is like calling scottish person an englishman . 
  really ? 
  what 's next , illuminati and lizard people ? 
  welcome to the art of politics . 
  you should read a history book about hungary 's role in defense against ottomans . 
  interesting stuff . 
  never know its location unless observed . 
  unless you pack an anthrax in it , i highly doubt it . 
  it 's like something out of hollywood action flicks . 
  it 's like they are running out of excuses . 
  migrants generally seem to avoid czech republic . 
  there were attempts to identify and register them , but after barrage of criticism the police decided it was not worth the trouble and just shipped them to border . 
  media hypocrisy at its finest . 
  magyar is slav-ified now . 
  one of us . 
  one of us . 
  that guy who 's totally not a zombie is right . 
  heresy !, 
  i am nigerian prince . 
  give me money . 
  i fear this will get more common as the time passes . 
  ignoring the problem will only make things worse . 
  what 's even more hilarious , these countries are the same ones that outright refuse to let any refugees into their own country . 
  un is a joke . 
  oh man , talk about entitlement . 
  they are getting really good at spotting the women and children in those crowds . 
  also , staged photos are staged . 
  it 's weird . 
  i consider myself centrist and at first i was leaning to the left concerning the refugees . 
  i hated the xenophobic rethoric that started to increasingly appear in our society . 
  i still do . 
  but it 's getting difficult to see what should be done . 
  i see the world media throwing away any remaining impartiallity , omiting facts to push their agenda and villifying those who go against it . 
  toothless eu having no clue how to deal with the wave of migrants while merkel 's speech drives more and more people to europe . 
  it 's no pretty what 's happening in europe right now . 
  and i have no illusions that there are any pretty solutions to it . 
  orban might be a douche , but country borders are there for a reason and you ca n't just let completely unknown people crossing it whereever they feel like it . 
  i feel for people running from war and even for those searching for better life . 
  but there are official means for this . 
  illegally crossing sovereign country and using violence when you get stopped is not the way . 
  still can not into space, 
  czech heritage is not tied to catholicism , unlike polish one . 
  that 's why . 
  czech ( as any other ) internet news discussions are cancer no matter what the article is about . 
  it 's in no way an indication of what majority thinks . 
  there are those who express their dislike of poles . 
  but those same people hate pretty much everyone and everything . 
  there were some incidents concerning quality of polish food in czech supermarkets in the past , and media like to show poles in bad light . 
  but there is no real `` hate '' . 
  pretty much same here . 
  when children were men , women were men , and men were kaiser franz joseph . 
  nah , they just pretend they ca n't understand it . 
  they are watching us , silently , biding their time . 
  you are doing god 's work . 
  stereotypes must be upheld for the sake of europe . 
  edit : brb going for beer, 
  condemnation and strongly worded letters . 
  they all become syrians when they reach european coast though . 
  you can fabricate those easily with any chancellor with above-avarage diplomacy though . 
  czech republic is high as fuck . 
  you stare into slav long enough , the slav stares back into you . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's exactly the same . 
  is it really worth starting a nuclear war over * brno * ? 
  handing the city over would couse them more trouble then dozen nukes on their heads . 
  balkans countries may not be on the level of western europe yet , but you make it sound as if they were some dirt-poor shitholes . 
  which is far from truth . 
  amateurs . 
  pretty much . 
  did german greens just say fuck it and embraced all the stereotypes about them ? 
  it 's bad what 's happening in the middle east . 
  there 's so many places worth visiting nsfl now . 
  wish i was born 20 years earlier . 
  but they are white !, 
  it means they are evil and their traditions wrong !, 
  / s edit : words are hard . 
  it would n't sound so official otherwise . 
  the balance must be kept . 
  i imagine the tough security guys in black suits and glasses , trailing on colourful bikes behind her . 
  you should !, 
  though i 'd recommend to stray from prague and visit other places in here as well . 
  there are countless castles , baroque towns and natural monuments in czechia that remain more or less unnoticed by foreign tourists . 
   really ? 
  i thought they would 've mistaken you for polish . 
  :p i guess it 's the \u0159 sound that has confused so many people . 
  even though it 's not even remotely similar to french r.  _ , 
  interesting . 
  we must be related !, 
  or maybe it 's just what centuries of foreign oppression does to national mentality . 
  anyway , ireland is a cool place . 
  spent some time south in cork few years back and had a blast . 
  my only complaint was people mistaking me for french when speaking czech . 
  it 's pretty similar , particularly among older generation . 
  people sitting in pubs , drinking beer , or ( particularly in moravia ) wine . 
  popular czech stereotype depicts middle-aged , beer-bellied grumblers , chugging beer and coming up with solutions to age-long issues like high prices , unemployment and shitty polititians . 
  underage drinking is also widespread here . 
  in my experience most pubs and bars do n't really care how old are you as long as you * look * above 18 . 
  teenagers here really do drink a lot . 
  seems like we have plenty of common . 
  here it got to the point it 's actually considered normal .
