  this decision will turn v4 and its people against the brussels for years to come while barely solving anything at all concerning the migrant crysis . 
  is it really worth it ? 
  waste of money being private airlines to someone who jumps the border to germany the moment you look away . 
  for all intents and purposes it functions as one . 
  z-land ? 
  zambia maybe ? 
  if this country is new macedonia ... then which country is old macedonia ? 
  i wonder what was the pope thinking when he issued the fifth one . 
  `` this one will surely work out ! '', 
  [ the knights hospitaller ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_military_order_of_malta ) would like to have a word with you . 
   very small people they prefer to be called hobbits . 
  again ? 
  i have never stopped . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  it 's mainly about the money . 
  you have no idea . 
  there was huge shitshow few years back about children being taken from czech mother . 
  even polititians making dramatic gestures and winning precious voting points by acting outraged . 
   i could also bring some mead ? 
  you make some convincing arguments . 
  we might even let you have some borderland in exchange for protection from drunk danish teenager raids . 
  that 's what you northerners do , right ? 
  we can call it normandy or something . 
  first you steal our children , now you want our women too ? 
  your pillaging viking culture is obviously completely incompatible with ours !, 
  the last time we imported about 20 syrians . 
  they got houses , money , everything . 
  few weeks later they were cought sneaking into germany . 
  i do n't blame them though , why would they stay here when there is a cash cow right over the border . 
  yet some people here still think there is some imaginary horde of arabs anxious to rape our jobs and steal our women . 
  does the * if * come with euromonies ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  the whole polsko is rightful czech clay . 
  this is suprisingly deep answer . 
  i 've been looking for an opportunity to refresh my french , i will give it a watch . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  wow , you sure were triggered as hell by that picture , were n't you ? 
  yeah , those illiterate pagans surely kept detailed records of their wherabouts . 
   ethnographical map of europe , in the earliest times '' ** from 1861 ** you better build a time machine and tell the author how their findings do not correspond to 21st century knowledge . 
  that was really cringy . 
  i miss havel :(, 
  jesus did n't die for this !, 
  are you saying that ov\u010d\u00e1\u010dek is laying ? 
  i am so shocked . 
  andrej , stop browsing reddit !, 
  the only king-level title in the hre until prussia . 
  which is why habsburg dukes were so desperately trying to get their grubby hands on bohemian throne . 
  not constantinople, 
  blame those perifidous prussians for stealing silesia . 
  * implying the french are not europeans . 
  czechia , where everyone is equally broke . 
  well , it 's partly thanks to our close proximity to germany . 
  it 's hard to lag behind too much when you have economic superpower at your doorstep . 
  even popes themselves sometime wore battle armor and led armies . 
  shit . 
  meant south america . 
  what are these brown and blue spots in south africa ? 
  i still refuse to believe t_d is not secretely run by 4chan to troll trumpkins . 
  labels are meaningless when it comes to perfection . 
  it 's hard to break up the culture of victimhood . 
  even here , talking about the atrocities on sudeten germans during the expulsion is often met by wilful ignorance , or even outright hostility . 
  ca n't imagine how strong it is in poland . 
   but the bene\u0161 decrees are still valid and it 's never , ever going to change . 
  the amount of shit unleashed by doing so would bring more harm than good to both sides . 
  best day of my life !, 
  [ like this ] ( http://www.bible-history.com/maps/map_alexander_empire_enlarged.jpg ) . 
  what was it ? 
  i can recall hearing about it . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  nothing unites former a-h countries on / r/europe better than the love for schnitzel . 
  keep in mind that it 's primarily the result of communist education . 
  the version of ww2 and post-war history that was thought here up until recently deliberately ignored western allies ' involvment in liberation of czechia in favour of red army , and omitted post-war atrocitites on sudeten germans by czechs and painting the deportation as fair collective punishment for collaboration with nazis . 
  unfortunately , ww2 made any chance of peaceful coexistance pretty much impossible . 
  after years of occupation , people were out for blood . 
  the second prague defenestration was - before - the battle of white mountain and before the forced germanisation and re-catholisation of bohemia . 
  i do n't see your point . 
   trumpbots and putinbots i prefer trumbots and putniks, 
  we are western central europe !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ostsiedlung as for czechs being germanised , we actually were . 
  the austrian germanisation post-battle of white mountain was so thorough that by the 19th century the czech language was completely gone in urban areas , only surviving in its archaic form in the countryside . 
  virtually everyone spoke german . 
  if it were n't for ( german speaking ) intellectuals basically reinventing czech language from the scratch , we would have been speaking german now . 
  i 'm sure you mean great moravia . 
  i like these maps . 
  since when ? 
  this land was settled by polabian slavs , which were assimilated and thoroughly gemanised before polish kingdom was even a thing . 
  dream big , lithuania . 
  i have irrational hate of the plant . 
  it 's ugly , smells bad , and is everywhere . 
  better late than never . 
  letadlo = plane ( from l\u00e9tat = to fly ) divadlo = theater ( form d\u00edvat = to watch ) vozidlo = formal czech for car , or * auto * , in informal speech ( from vozit = to carry ) it 's strange that people find czech sounding adorable , especially polish guys . 
  it 's ironic , because for czechs it 's the other way around . 
  every slavic language east of us sounds very soft and cute to our ears . 
  especially polish and slovak . 
  good luck to them , it 'd be sad to see it die . 
  google caucasus language map if you want to have your mind blown . 
  modern czech language is basically a pet project of several 19th century intellectuals , ressurecting a dying language as a giant middle finger to austrian monarchy , going as far as inventing fake new words to get rid of centuries of oppressive germanisation . 
  and it was smashing success . 
  although to this day czech is still riddled with german loanwords compared to other slavic languages , except maybe silesian and sorbian . 
  at first i found his relationship to be pretty weird .
