  the fact both poland and hungary considered us enemies was one of the reasons why the new csl goverment invested in alliances with france , britain and the new ussr . 
  not that it made much good once we were thrown under the nazi bus . 
  those barbarians !, 
  it would n't be unusual if literally everyone around spoke the same language except you and your several thousand guys on horsebacks . 
  it 's hard to force someone to stop speaking one language and start speaking yours , especially when the only time you talk to them is when you beat them over food , money and women . 
  when you are not absolutist france with organised schooling system focusing on one true ( french ) culture , it 's much easier to adopt the language used by greater population . 
  avars were definitely not majority of the population . 
  like bolgars , they were probably a ruling caste with lower classes being primarily slavic peasants . 
  i found this on wikipedia :  the khaganate in the middle and late periods was a product of cultural symbiosis between slavic and original avar elements with a slavic language as a lingua franca or the most common language . 
  i guess i am just spoiled by our glorious \u010d , \u0161 and \u017e . 
  makes sense , as the pannonian basin was settled by slavic tribes before hungarians settled in . 
  although i suspect this notion is not popular withing hungarian nationalist circles . 
  come on , you are like honorary slavs now . 
  with dedication and proper drinking regime , you can slavsquat just as well . 
  he looks like what i imagine a stereotypical hungarian would look . 
  the only thing it misses is goulash and some paprikas . 
  comes from the country with cz , sz , rz and other monstrosities . 
  estonia bestonia . 
  the article is behind paywall . 
  nah , those jewish teenage girls did really deserve it for their oppression of poor muslims . 
  hopefully no genocide will come out of this one . 
  continental climate , friend . 
  30 + in summer , -30 in winter . 
  wow i must have hit a nerve . 
  talk about boeing passive-aggressive . 
  they were european superpower until their goverment turned into complete joke and their country slowly dismantled by their absolutist neighbours . 
  read some more on the government system of polish lithuanian commonwealth . 
  it was insane . 
  another nation could completely paralyze the entire country by bribing a polish noble to veto everything . 
  do n't bother . 
  thanks to 50 years of ussr love everyone east of germany is dirty eastern europoor forever now . 
  still they left behind a calture that was taken up by local populace . 
  they are swiss . 
  they have not much in common with anyone . 
  nope . 
  in czech there is * kov\u00e1\u0159 * - and variations of thereof - which means smith . 
  not so fun fact : today roma people in czechia came from slovakia after ww2 . 
  the original czech romani were almost completely exterminated by nazis . 
  only few hundred remained . 
  what the what ? 
  have you seen historical riga ? 
  you could literally put it in the middle of germany and it would not look out of place . 
  i would n't hold it against bulgaria . 
  it 's really not worth it damaging relations with turkey , especially since said person 's residence run out . 
  what about armenia ? 
  having europe inside your heart is all that matters at this point !, 
  way to bring people to your cause , jackasses . 
   punishments for refusing to do so include solitary confinement , loss of earned good time , and revocation of family visitation . 
  so , slavery in everything but name ? 
  i find a pokerface much more preferable to creepy fake smiles anyway . 
  i am not good at years . 
  they liked czechia so much they returned once again in 1968 . 
  edit : i suck at history . 
  they would all probably be slaughtered anyway , because they could n't survive in the wild and there would be no profit in keeping them . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  i find welsh language absolutely beautiful . 
  i guess i have a weak spot for `` minor '' languages , maybe because czech was also once in the very same situation . 
  really ? 
  i 've thought it 's in the same shape as irish : few pockets of native speaker and majority of people having rudimental knowledge of the language from school . 
  how many hulks per capita in galicia ? 
  it 's the perfect mix of east and west , with a healthy dose of apathy and cynism . 
  how related are today 's galicians to those people ? 
  [ mfw i vult but deus does not . 
  what 's up with the celtic symbol inside the o ? 
  it happens so often now that we have no time for the feel-good muslim news that always happen after such attacks . 
  ... and make mexico pay for it . 
  those people were already radicalised long before erdogan came to power . 
  the armor looks pretty low-tier . 
  and introduce completely new one . 
  seems like nobody told them it changed hands some time long time ago . 
  well , during the last years of the empire it was little more than glorified village with huge-ass walls . 
  they even turned some space inside into a farmland . 
  pretty far from its old fame . 
  we have like three names for the same city : istanbul , konstantinopol and ca\u0159ihrad . 
  looks incredibly dangerous . 
  sure way to get a concussion or worse . 
   indeed , turkish politics have been bewildering for their ** byzantine intrigues ** and rapidly shifting allegiances . 
  the irony . 
  you mean they 're not ninjas ? 
  keeping all those cusus belli alive , i see . 
  it all makes sense . 
  of course . 
  the city of the world 's desire and all that . 
  what lists ? 
  what should we be guilty about anyway ? 
  aside from russia the eastern europe was very much on the shitty side of the european imperialism all the way till 20th century . . 
  how the hell that happened ? 
  on moment you had erdogan panicking and seeking asylum all over europe and the next him punching his chest like master of the universe with coup completely disintegrated . 
  was it really a small part of military making a coup or were they just completely incompetent ? 
  anyway , i fear this all means just another blow to secularism in turkey as everyone views it as victory for islamism . 
  i 'm afraid there will be more islamists gunned down by the morning . 
  man i wonder who will take erdogan in . 
  i guess it 's true that rats always leave the sinking ship first after all . 
  yeah , op is awesome . 
  worldnews is just full of cheap jokes and memes . 
  assuming military is still secular . 
  it means erdogan is getting desperate , which means he is still likely in turkey and have n't managed to escape yet , so he wants a distraction . 
  i hope not . 
  there are news the military has some hostages . 
  hopefully it 's the erdogan cronies and the military is still islamist-free .
