  or maybe it 's always been like this . 
  i do n't know . 
  so many poles talking shit about our glorious language . 
  now 's my turn . 
  slovakian : sounds like cuter , softer version of czech . 
  slovak girls with their accents make my knees weak . 
  polish : an archaic czech spoken by a person with a strong lisp and brain damage . 
  speaking it to us is like walking through a mine field . 
  every second word means something funny in czech . 
  german : harsh-sounding ( even more than our own language ) and generally unpleasant , yet still somewhat melodical language . 
  hungarian : i do n't know , really . 
  it 's like some slovak making up overly long words that do n't make any sense trying to pass it up as a real language . 
  french : sounds like prettier german . 
  danish , norweigan and swedish : all three sound like drunks speaking german . 
  even worse , it 's like people have potato in their throats when speaking danish . 
  dutch : not sure if it 's only me , but dutch sounds like even harsher german . 
  unpleasant language . 
  romanian : when slav tries to impersonate italian speaker but not really getting there . 
  that 's how romanian sounds to me . 
  croatian , serbian and other balkans slavic languages : so close , yet so far . 
  every time i listen to those i hear familiar words here and there and feeling i am close to understanding what is being said , but still not getting it . 
  spanish , catalan and portuguese : beautiful , pleasant sounding languages . 
  catalan in particular sounds like cross between spanish and french , taking the best out of both . 
  portuguese , as someone already said , is like spanish with east slavic accent . 
  still nice . 
  as someone that 's against the xenophobic and anti-muslim sentiments that are rising in my country , i have to say this is no way to make people sympathetic to your cause . 
  there are people waiting for footages like this to prove their point . 
  this is dangerous situation becase it only takes so much for some of the police or the immigrants to lose their cool and start killing . 
  then we 'll have a real problem . 
  kingpin is russian ? 
   gas wedding does it involve group showering , per chance ? 
  ask moravians . 
  iirc , czechs are like 50 % austrian/german and 50 % slavic . 
  in fact , the only think we 've different from austrians is the language . 
  there is as many austrians with czech surnames as there is czechs with austrian ones . 
  well , there was much more german influence over the last 1000 years than russian one . 
  in fact if it were not for [ few guys in 18-19th century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_national_revival ) re-inventing the language , we 'd be probably fully german today . 
  that , and 40 years of soviet control , is why this whole slavic brotherhood thing sounds so silly here . 
  do n't worry , we have the same amount of fun listening to yours . 
  it 's pretty confusing in czech as well . 
  you have estonsko ( estonia ) , and then there is loty\u0161sko ( latvia ) and litva ( lithuania ) . 
  this is the reason i just ca n't remember the english names for each country . 
  in my mind i always associate lithuania = loty\u0161sko and latvia = litva , which is wrong . 
   it seems like russian politicians would prefer to shoot themselves in the foot once again while screaming : `` take this , america ! '', 
  that 's actually pretty awesome . 
  that was humorous , yes . 
  that 's because it was created specifically for slavic languages . 
  i am sure they are funny in polish . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ probably ^ not ^ though, 
  ah , no worries . 
  it 's nice feeling relevant once in a while . 
  i think op was referring to polders . 
  why czech specifically ? 
  there were n't that many coming to us ( apart from texas , from what i 've i heard ) . 
  shh , you 're ruining the circle jerk . 
  how do homosex jews come into this ? 
  you do n't embrace slavsquat . 
  slavsquat embraces you . 
  if there is referendum and majority wants an independence , why not . 
  although moravian separatism is hardly a thing nowadays . 
  every nation should have a right of self-determination . 
  if catalans want independence , let them . 
  that 's how you get a new hitler . 
  what ? 
  damn slovaks been foolin us all this time . 
  username czechs out . 
  write strongly worded letter perhaps , or maybe even release a statement condemning nk . 
  a big hit among young russians i 've heard . 
  ancient pile of wood , to be precise . 
  i just ... you ca n't make this up . 
  is russia turning into its own cartoon caricature ? 
  twice the number leonidas had tho . 
  i see , thank you . 
  greeks hate that their cultural heritage is appropriated by their northern neighbor , who , despite slavic origin , lives in delusion of being descendant of alexander the great 's . 
  i guess it beats being just another dirty slav like us . 
  maybe we should open up eu franchises on africa 's soil . 
  you know , to spare them the travel . 
  like mcdonalds . 
  you got ta love balkans threads . 
  you like to live dangerously eh ? 
  are there any primarily basque-speaking people or is the increase due to more folks taking up basque as secondary ? 
  more shirtless putin photos . 
  i think light spanking is fine if children refuse to obey even after being told . 
  child should respect authority and know boundaries , otherwise you 're raising a psycho . 
  might be central european custom . 
  i got the same treatment over my butt a few times during my childhood for acting like a jerk and hurting my sister . 
  served me well . 
  after few times all it took was a show of the big wooden spoon to make me stop being a general ass . 
  we are too irrelevant to be hated by anyone . 
  i like ireland , nice people , nice countryside . 
  too bad all their pretty girls were stolen by vikings . 
   russian empire late by hundred years or so , apparently . 
  no 16 is too young for such responsibility . 
  most of these kids just have no clue . 
  imo 18 is just fine . 
  i see . 
  still , i would recommend avoiding the comment sections . 
  i feel violated every time i go there . 
  it certainly explains the self-hatred . 
   normal u wot m8 ?
