  you do n't have to be religious to be intolerant of lgbt . 
  well , technically , the moderate hussites won in the end , as the pope finally agreed to make peace ( after his `` crusaders '' have got their collective asses kicked multiple times in the row ) and allow bohemia to keep its faith . 
  we even had the `` heretic king '' in form of george of pod\u011bbrady , who was hussite himself . 
  it was n't until two hundred years later , that hussite faith was forcefully suppressed by habsburgs , along with protestantism , as a result of the thirty years war . 
  we are talking 15th century , not 600 ad . 
  religion is simply not part of czech national identity . 
  it just proves that people will take anything as a substitute for religion . 
  be it alternative medicine , or belief in magic power of stars . 
  well , forceful re-catholisation under habsburg monarchy , period of strictly secular democracy , then decades of religious atheism under communist boot . 
  people have no connection to faith anymore , contrary to poland , for example , where catholicism was part of anti-communist movement . 
  ours was secular , centered around intelligentsia and artists . 
  we even had our own little reformation decades before the rest . 
  we are the religious hipsters of europe . 
  dude , the hussites , communist propaganda aside , were basically medieval version of the isis . 
  hungarians came to europe from ural mts in 9th century . 
  do they have right for their country or it 's still not long enough for you ? 
  populations shift throughout time . 
  you ca n't make artificial line and say those who came after that year are no longer european . 
  the turks have been in anatolia for more than three quarters of a millenium . 
  calling them `` occupying force '' and saying they need to be `` pushed back '' is pretty hypocrytical at best , or downright bigoted opinion at worst . 
  how different was turkish domination of balkans compared to spanish treatment of american natives ? 
  other european kingdoms have been subjugating weaker people since the days of rome , the only difference is that ottoman empire has been doing it hiding behind different religion in their imperialist policies . 
  also calling me out for falling into `` us vs them '' mentality ? 
  you are the one who have been implying that turks and other muslims have no place in europe, 
   750 years only ? 
  o_o maybe we should have given granada back to muslims , seeing it 's been spain 's only for less than 750 years . 
  get over yourself . 
  i am sure the austrian emperor in 19th century was saying the same thing about us , you flaming hypocrite . 
  well , hre was still quite important insitution back then . 
  who cares what people like . 
  those two are both acceptable names of the country . 
  calling czechia * czech * is like calling united kingdom * united * . 
   hungary , slovakia and ** czech ** please , for the love of god , either use czechia or czech republic . 
  just not this grammatical monstrosity . 
  please . 
  i can only guess , but i think it 's because the word pen\u00edze came much earlier than 13th century . 
  \\* fights you *, 
  no wonder ottomans had such hard time conquering it . 
  your lions lack air support . 
  silesia rightful czech clay !, 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  the great famine was hell of a bottleneck . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ am ^ ^ ^ ^ so ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry . 
  i think the numbers are higher because it 's much easier to get abortion in former eastern block . 
  for example here , woman can legally get interruption up to 12th week of pregnancy ( no medical reason needed ) , and up to 24 weeks of pregnancy with medical indications . 
  i meant would n't . 
  i wo n't edit it though , it makes it seem like i 've been sarcastic and makes me sounds like more interesting person than i actually am . 
  this is triggering for half of europe . 
  he should be ~ ~ offered ~ ~ given an unpaid vacation to appreciate it more . 
  say , 15 years . 
  https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/about/  the use or misuse of information is central to the conflict in the middle east . 
  there has been a growing need for supporters of , in particular , the palestinian cause , to master the art of information gathering , analysis and dissemination . 
  translation : palestinians need their propaganda machine too . 
  i would trust this site with any news coming out of middle-east . 
  or any news , for that matter . 
  czechlands does n't contain weird sounds . 
  it 's weird completely by itself . 
  you want to ditch czechia only to turn us into netherlands-wannabe ? 
   czechlands sounds less weird , because it does n't include so many weird sounds , the name czechia sounds stupid to me only because you have our lovely cz - \u010c so close to `` ia '' that it sounds like you are trying to say it while chocking on a penis . . that 's not even an argument . 
  maybe the problem is with you if the first think you think of when saying czechia is giving a blowjob . 
  if someone calls us czechian , it speaks more about their general ignorance than about our choice of country 's name . 
  they would probably butcher it anyway , czechia or not . 
  itt : bunch of butthurt czechs getting emotional over a stupid name no one forces them to use . 
  you have source for this statistic of yours or did you just pull it out of your ass ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  the reason people cling to czech republic is because they 've never had to use it in real life conversation . 
  it 's clumsy and stupid to refer to a coutry using a form of government . 
  slovaks do n't use `` slovak republic '' when answering when they 're from . 
  why should we ? 
  because some people get emotional when confronted with a change ? 
  we already use '' \u010cesko '' in our language anyway . 
  why ? 
  i 've never seen anyone referring to themselves or others referring to us as czechians . 
  you are just inventing imaginary problems now . 
  people just love having something to complain about . 
  i for one like czechia , it 's simple and less mouthful to use in day to day conversation than czech republic . 
  if only people actually started using it instead of the horrible `` czech '' when referring to our country . 
  i am sorry , but `` czechlands '' sounds wierd and fake . 
  there is no need to be a special slowflake when we have much simpler name at hand . 
  epecially when other countries are already using various versions of `` czechia '' in their languages . 
  also czechia would still include all of silesia . 
  we will just rename it to holy roman empire and keep trudging on . 
  plus \u0160koda makes pretty good cars for their price . 
  the empire of cultural appropriation . 
  i looked at some of the older trump 's statements years prior to his announcement of presidential election and a lot of it was centrist , centre-left even . 
  especially his thoughts on abortion and gay marriage . 
  hitler is still pretty popular in india . 
  it effectively protects organs from oxygen . 
  i 've thought wine is suppost to protect from heart attack . 
  why is south korea dark red ? 
  we have the same saying in czech . 
  this guy knows his chav porn . 
  * `` moans in spanish '' *, 
  holy shit dude put some nsfw tag on it . 
  it 's getting suspicious . 
  they must be hiding something . 
  totally different !, 
  i find it sad when a language goes extinct . 
  it 's like a whole different culture and way of thinking being lost . 
  child 's play .
