  [ what about 1veveryone ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hussite_wars ), 
  it 's not that different from us . 
  they even successfully invaded russia . 
  in winter . 
  is it though ? 
  prussia is no more , prussian germans too , and prussian military culture died for good with ww2 . 
  polish victim complex is helluva drug . 
  it was extremely popular here about 10 years ago . 
  not so much now , but still now and then some tv station broadcasts it . 
  yeah , not sure what op is about here . 
  there is much larger proportion of people who do n't mind their oragans being used to save lives after their death . 
  the minority that does n't want to can opt out . 
  just to clarify , goosebumps are cause by invountary muscle contraction , not skin . 
  there are small muscles connected to every hair follicle , and cold causes them to contract , erecting the hair in process . 
  it is a relict from the time our ancestors had fur to keep them warm . 
  as for nipples , it 's pretty much the same thing . 
  there are muscle fibres that react to stimuli by contracting . 
  does n't matter wheter it 's low temperature or sexual excitement . 
  viking blood . 
  as did pretty much all countries was of iron curtain . 
  welcome to slavic languages . 
  eastern european germans were descendants of those invited by local monarchs during middle ages to boost population and economy in underpopulated territories , either by war or disease . 
  that and the horrors of seeing your friends die one by one , combined with thorough propaganda on both sides , made soldier hate the other side too much to make this happen again . 
  it really depends on where you are bitten . 
  getting bitten in ankle vs in the face for example . 
  the latter 's progress is much faster , as the virus spreads via peripheral nerves into your central nervous system . 
  getting antitoxin serum as fast as possible after being bitten is really important regardless , though . 
  bohemia can into being relevant !, 
  interesting how perkele , perkunas and perun , all being gods of sky and thunder in their respective religions , sound so similar . 
  hey , stop talking shit about our foxes . 
  they have been rabies-free since 2002 . 
  username czechs out . 
  honestly though , prague accent is the second most annoying way to speak czech i have ever heard . 
  it 's almost a national hobby here . 
  no permits needed , just go to the nearest forest and try your luck . 
  it 's quite similar to hungarians . 
  they are speaking an ugro-finnic language , but genetically , they have little in common with the 9th century invaders that brought it there , instead they are mostly descendants of population that had been already living in pannonia for centuries . 
  this happends when you bring swords to a cannon fight . 
  80s were weird . 
  sweden already recognized palestine . 
  it 's more of a vendetta to swe gmnt for their anti israel stance . 
  actually berbers always had light hair and eye color . 
  the darker admixture is result of arab invasion , plus some subsaharan genes due to slave trade . 
  one magnificent dong . 
  i sexually identify as parlamentarian dictatorship and this post chain triggers me . 
  he is not wrong . 
  the legendary outlaw . 
  who ? 
  you 've just triggered moravian nationalists . 
  all five of them . 
  [ well , it belonged to kingdom of bohemia for more than 400 years . 
  until those damn prussians stole it . 
  or christmas lads . 
  sounds like bunch of drunk mates that crash your party and leave stuff behind when you kick them out early in the morning . 
  baby jesus team !, 
  he gives the best presents anyway . 
  oh well , it was a long time ago since i had history at school and was n't sure of the dates . 
  17th century portuguese were basically vikings of the indian ocean . 
  who would have guessed !, 
  same in czechia . 
  it ' gets a bit dull playing portugal in ck2 when you ca n't even opress american and african primitives though . 
  show us ur tits bb, 
  and this is relevant how ? 
  everyone is a serb . 
  austrian half of the empire actually recognised it 's ethnical minorities and gave them some autonomy , however small it was . 
  certainy better than the hungarian half , which pretended there were none . 
  here we go . 
  i do n't blame him in this . 
  it 's in czech as well . 
  we were never a greek colony . 
  pretty much in every indoeuropean language . 
  no armenia ? 
  also kosovo is serbia again . 
  were you in a coma for the last 11 months ? 
  if you are basing european-ness on relevancy , you can dismiss half the continent , including italy . 
  most of europe was pagan before christianity . 
  what is your point ? 
  the swiss are n't in either . 
  are they not european ? 
  i guess bosniaks and albanians are asians then . 
  getting c. difficile after standard antiobiotic therapy of respiratory infection is not common at all . 
  still , usually it 's recommended to use probiotics if you take them longer than a week . 
  in general , antibiotics are pretty safe to use . 
  the most severe side-effects are incredibly rare . 
  like 1:100000 kind of rare . 
  you are right though . 
  bacterial resistance is a real danger here , and we should avoid the over-use of antibiotics if an there is a viable alternative . 
  you need to czech yourself . 
  it does . 
  you just need to build more bunkers . 
  me too . 
  he 's lucky guy , unfortunately , fighting cancer is never over . 
  unless we see some actual source of these picture , i call bulshit on its results . 
  well , their success was mainly in the element of surprise , and the fact the majority of northern fighting men were to the south with robb stark . 
  even with that , they only managed to conquer and raid few coastal towns and settlements . 
  add to the fact that dornish are descendants rhoynar ( ? 
  ) , who were the lastest group to migrate to westeros , after andals . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've read the books , i start to forget which was which . 
  i might reread it in few decades , just in time for the winds of winter .
