  it 's 50/50 . 
  some people hate him ( primarily the younger generation ) , some like him ( particularly older gen. ) . 
  also , i would n't ever guess public opinion based on those two webs , esepcially the latter . 
  novinky.cz seem to attract the worst of communists , russofiliacs and putin adorers , while idnes.cz seems to be more right-wing oriented . 
  neither represents reality . 
  this confuses me greatly still . 
  * jesus , what an idiot . 
   the title of the article is misleading yeah , sorry ` bout that . 
  i kept the suggested title and noticed it too late . 
  i agree with you . 
  however in this case , i think it was the right thing to release such statement . 
  there has been huge backlash throughout the political spectrum , from both left and right wing , arguing along the lines of `` why should we apologize , they ( the germans ) started the war '' . 
  a lot of people there ( even the politcians , as seen from their reactions ) still refuse to even acknowledge that czech people too commited their own share of atrocities on german people following the end of war . 
  while in the context of the time one can understand the reason behind the mass transfer of the german population , murder of women , children and elderly as a way of having your revange for prior oppression is not excusable in any way . 
  ohh . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  i do n't get this . 
  why the rooster ? 
  that 's what i tell myself all the time when playing ck2 . 
  i think , with the quality of our political elite and their decisions , that if there was n't germany next to our door , we would end up like moldova or worse . 
  no offense to moldovans . 
  same here . 
  did n't help though . 
  for many politicians , eu is just another source of money to leech from . 
  russians were always special . 
  krona ? 
  what language is that ? 
  it 's koruna , or crowns , in english . 
  do not kid yourself , there is plenty of less than attractive girls east of iron curtain . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was some cherry-picking involved in making of these photos . 
  clay is good . 
  our stereotypes ? 
  i guess it 's being a beer-obsessed nation of smartasses that always finds a reason to complain . 
  it 's pretty much spot on . 
  there is large minority of ethnic vietnamese here in czech reublic as well . 
  i ca n't recall ever hearing anything racist toward them at all . 
  they are so well adjusted , especially the new generation that is now in their 20s , that you could n't differentiate them from ethnic czechs at all ... ... well you could actually , but that 's beside the point . 
  and my axe !, 
  i guess now even ~ ~ russian army ~ ~ opressed local russian majority can dress stylishly . 
  which countries share borders with russia ? 
  whichever russia wants to . 
  where is the problem ? 
  potato transcends all borders . 
  thank you ... 
  the inner bolshevik is still alive and kickin ' in some of the people . 
  hopefully they 'll be all gone in next 20 years . 
  it 's not funny , just sad . 
  these same people would welcome russian tanks if they ever came to `` liberate '' us * again * . 
  seems like your gender inequality is ... ... ocean deep . 
  we 've come the full circle , guys . 
  just hoping our russophiles will stay at home and wo n't try to do anything stupid when the troops get to czech republic . 
  joo is special kind of greatness . 
  polish sounds funny to everyone . 
  do this flair looks like poland to you ? 
  our kurva has no silly w. 
  kurva binds us . 
  damn kiwis and their filthy hobbits . 
  the rearest . 
  from what time is an embryo considered a separate human being ? 
  a nervous system starts to develop at week 4 . 
  a heart starts to beat at week 6 . 
  before that it 's just a clump of cells . 
  that 's hardly a `` human '' . 
  who ? 
  it 's like that table in a school canteen where kids that everybody ignores eat . 
  it looks lonely . 
  that 's what you get for being de facto dictator . 
  it actually did . 
  it seems awefully impractical . 
  ca n't you decide on one and stick to it ? 
  concept of spacetime is artificial construct of decadent west . 
  you tried . 
  i wonder if the high number of slovakia in contrast to czech republic has something to do with them counting the czech language among `` foreign '' languages . 
  because op 's map is full of bulshit . 
  damn swedish homofascist zionists , they 're at it again !, 
  i doubt this is accurate . 
  just as many people overestimate their language skills , there are many who have decent english yet feel embarassed using it . 
  in fact this is the case for many people here in czech republic . 
  god knows why really . 
  the fact is we are nothing more than trash can for them , a place where they can dump second-tier food no one would buy in the west . 
  i remember shopping in tesco in london last time i visited uk . 
  the difference in quality and taste of food in contrast to what they offer in our country was ridiculous . 
  i believe that ordinary russians genuinely have no idea why neighbouring countries dislike russia so much . 
  history is painted quite differently over there . 
   czechia - surprised there 's literally nothing about our favorite tourists we love you too, 
  this thread in one sentece . 
  good for you . 
  everyone has different tastes . 
  it 's nice when you finally find a friend who has a lot in common with you , is n't it ? 
  the scaremongering is real . 
  wow , seems like i 've hit a nerve . 
  hope you learned some new stuff when you were googling my non-relevant country . 
  very true indeed . 
  bohemian history of imperialism and colonial oppression is truly terrifying read . 
  chinese foreign relations in nutshell . 
  significant enough to influence a proto-slavic language to a degree . 
  if you gaze long into a kebab , the kebab will gaze back into you . 
  the masters of squat . 
  view worth millenia of invasions , i guess . 
  you guys must 've really loved that place .
