  a country which has thrown us under the bus in munich to avoid war few years prior . 
  talk about poetic justice . 
  yeah , at the end it was basically a glorified village with some pretty sweet walls . 
  they 're like t-rex . 
  they wo n't see you if you do n't move . 
  why do people downvote this ? 
  downvote is n't supposed to be disagree button . 
  i think this map explains fairly well why was czechoslovakia so militarised and focused on making alliances with western powers after ww1 . 
  a democratic country surrounded by sabre-rattling authoritarian regimes . 
  basically everyone around us wanted our stuff . 
   when emperor romanos iv was conducted into the presence of alp arslan , the sultan refused to believe that the bloodied and tattered man covered in dirt was the mighty emperor of the romans . 
  after discovering his identity , alp arslan placed his boot on the emperor 's neck and forced him to kiss the ground . 
  a famous conversation is also reported to have taken place :  alp arslan : `` what would you do if i were brought before you as a prisoner ? '', 
   romanos : `` perhaps i 'd kill you , or exhibit you in the streets of constantinople . '', 
   alp arslan : `` my punishment is far heavier . 
  i forgive you , and set you free . '', 
  alp arslan was one badass motherfucker . 
  resistance is futile . 
  it 's not like the empire was saint in the whole east-west schism . 
  there were several violent pogroms against the latin population of the city and catholic clergy . 
  it did little to earn west 's sympathy . 
  also , beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  at that point the pope has been holding all the right cards , of course he would not make any concessions . 
  ottomans were already in balkans prior to constantinople 's conquest . 
  so your argument holds no water . 
  its fall have only accelerated the expansion northwest . 
  nothing more . 
  you also ignore the fact that byzantine empire was incredibly hostile to western christedom and did everything in their power to alienate the west from their support . 
  the fourth crusade and the lukewarm support during the siege in 1453 was the result of byzantine empire 's inability to overcome its arrogance and sense of superiority in face of its ongoing decline . 
  the same reason why people want britain to be punished for brexit . 
  they dare to threaten eu integrity . 
   it would be necessary to change the constitution with a 2/3 majority in the lower chamber and in the upper . 
  which will never happen and everyone knows it . 
  that , in effect , makes catalans prisoners of the spanish government . 
  it might be democratic for spanish nationalists , but not for catalonia . 
  that 's incredibly shallow and distorted version of what really happened . 
  funnily enough , our word for mattress is * matrace * . 
  just some background for the painting : it 's supposed to depict hussite soldiers during their campaign near gdansk/danzig . 
  the hussites were allies of the polish kingdom at the time and as such they had been fighting on their side against the teutonic order . 
  fun fact : as a reward for their service , they have been given not only gold but also a camel , which they have brought back home to bohemia . 
  well , i do, 
  you mean vratislav, 
  it 's quite easy to read polish when you remember how cz , sz , rz etc sound like . 
  at least for me as czech . 
  way to piss off moravians and silesians . 
  it 's true , no bamboozle . 
  she was in paris . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  we actually have rather sizable vietnamese community in here . 
  the second generation is now in its early adulthood and completely integrated into general population . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  we 've found his trigger guys . 
   most of you have no sea border , you do n't really known what fish taste . 
  that 's cheap practice . 
  there was this czech girl that was on student exchange to france . 
  the first thing her new hosting family did was to show her their bathroom and explain how flushing toilet works . 
  the next day they asked her if we have trees in there . 
  whether they had no idea where czechia is or they thought we are so backwards we still shit in dug up holes , i ca n't tell . 
  however they were quite surprised when she told them she knows what toilet paper is . 
  you remind me of those people . 
  nothing has been changed . 
  i repeat , nothing has been changed . 
  czechia is just now an official one-word alternative . 
  just like france is oficially called french republic , or slovakia slovak republic . 
  both are acceptable . 
  as for what we do like . 
  most people barely speak any english so they do n't call it either . 
  in czech we mostly call our country * \u010cesko * , which is n't far from czechia . 
  also i noticed many people mispronounce the name . 
  hence the confusion with chechnya . 
  the ch in czechia is pronounced hard as czekia , not ch as in the word * watch * . 
  it honestly baffles me why , as it 's pronounced as k in czech republic as well . 
  as for me , i prefer czechia . 
  it 's less of a mouthful , and less formal than referring to our country by its political system . 
  some czechs have irrational dislike of the word , but czechs love to complain about everything . 
  imo its mostly people who barely use english in day to day coverstaion anyway . 
  you get used to it quickly . 
  edit : words are hard . 
  iirc it was the celts who sometimes fought naked . 
  he 's actually hungarian . 
  pretty dank , 14/53, 
  read my other post in this thread . 
  true , but you have to realize the books are written by polish author , who heavily draws from slavic history a mythology . 
  roman empire ( the western part ) was long gone when we came to it 's ( former ) borders . 
  the ottomans played much larger role in eastern europe 's history . 
  in this way , i 'd argue that it 's elves and their ancient kingdoms , which were destroyed by the human newcomers ( see the rome - germanic tribes parallel ) that represent the roman empire of the world of witcher . 
  there are ruins of their cities everywhere , their old roads spanning the country still being used centuries later , their culture being an influence for all the human realms , etc , etc. 
  ottoman empire considered itself heir of the roman empire and in many way emulated the latter . 
  in the same vein , nilfgaard claims to be the heir of the old elvish culture , their people have elven names and have much more elvish blood than the nordlings - or so they claim . 
  in this , i think , nilfgaard is more similar to ottoman empire than to rome . 
  i have n't played the third game , only read the books , so i ca n't judge their portrayal there , but i did n't really get the roman empire vibe from them in the books . 
  nilfgaard is weird . 
  they are vaguely nordic-sounding empire located in the south , they worship the sun , their people have welsh-inspired names and they refer to the north as barbarians . 
  also , they employ brute force and heavy intrigue to further their expansionist policy . 
  there is not one single inspiration for nilfgaard , really . 
  i just saw some ottoman paralells in the conflict with the northern kingdoms and the way the war has played out . 
  kind of yes . 
  or , rather , the ottoman empire was an inspiration for nilfgaard in some ways . 
  that explains the shitstains . 
  they like they bunkers so much , they even shit in their miniature versions .
