i think it may be the fault of others , nordic countries are often portrayed as a paradise , without any criticism whatsoever . 
  do n't get me wrong , scandinavia is a wonderful and every single country is really great place to live but no nation is perfect . 
  i actually had a similar chart with the irish listed and they we 're indeed on top , while czechs were super close , like one point behind . 
  buttt i 've been having this chart on my pc for at least two years and now i ca n't find it , ugh . 
  stupid nordics and their healthy self-esteem, 
  everything that has been german once is german forever , that 's the rule , did you forget ? 
  in bigger cities you should n't have a problem with communicating in english . 
  i do n't know , honestly , i 'm not smart enough to come with alternative . 
  pis is dumb and `` playing '' with the eu only gets them more and more hate from the society , because majority of the people here really like the eu . 
  i can tell you one thing : if the multi-speed europe was supposed to happen in the span of two years - poland will be left out , no doubt about that . 
  but if it happens after the elections , there is a massive chance pis will lose - and if so , poland would probably jump on the high speed wagon . 
  it can be done right but there is a big chance to completely ruin it . 
  it 's super complicated , there 's a lot of factors and the only think we can really hope is that eu officials really know what they 're doing . 
  as a polish the only thing i can say is that it 's extremely problematic topic and it 's definitely not the time for poland to decide on such . 
  right know we 're divided politically , with said political situation being very unstable and god know who will win next election . 
  but the possibility of leaving the eu , or marginalizing itself is for poland pretty possible . 
  it 's sad , i do n't want it to happen and a lot of poles do n't want it as well ( that 10 thousand people in warsaw participating in `` i love you , europe '' march for sure do not ) , but poland will probably run from tight integration . 
  and i 'm sure a lot of eastern countries will run as well , we just are n't ready and it seems just really scary . 
  but i really hope i 'm wrong . 
  but is it worth dividing the eu and creating tensions between countries ? 
  it will create the `` better '' nations and the `` worse '' nations , essentially leading to destroying the u in the eu . 
  do n't get me wrong , i know absolutely nothing about economy and i 'm not denying that the idea would work very well in the economic perspective . 
  but it kinda kills the whole `` yeah unified europe ! '', 
  magic and leaves us with richer and poorer , who are rich and poor not only because of the amount of money the have but also because they belong to their classes . 
  i honestly dislike that idea . 
  piss aside , it will further divide europe . 
  and the atmosphere `` them and us '' that has created in western europe will only rose . 
  it 's a great idea if it existed from the beginning , that is the `` core '' and every new country that joins eu will be in second zone for growing and developing countries . 
  but doing it now , when eu was supposed to be equal may lead to some nations openly objecting the idea . 
  i do n't wat to see the conception to help union to be the cause of its fall . 
  people do not want another west-east block situation, 
  even me ? 
  people who see eastern europeans as worse are n't the smartest tbh . 
  but will remindme !, 
  work if we die . 
  i 've recently read a book with interpretation of nostradamus 's prophecies and apparently iii world war against great islamic nation is supposed to happen * this year * . 
  boy am i excited . 
  i read the title and laughed out loud . 
  ^ somebody ^ please ^ help, 
  a month without poland would be a great month irl as well, 
   who specifically do you think is telling men this ? 
  sometimes women , sometimes parents , sometimes other men . 
  just people . 
  really nobody is telling them this , it 's just expected . 
  some people expect them to be like that , because for them it is normal thing . 
  it should be like this , even if this is far from reality . 
   feigned suicide attempts i 've never heard about such thing and maybe they exist , but i believe it is rather rare . 
  i 'm sure depressed person would not bother with this kind of thing . 
  maybe some other mental disorders force this kinda behaviour . 
  it could happen with extreme narcissists probably . 
   sometimes it 's not the individual that 's broken but they 're in a hopeless situation . 
  sometimes what 's wrong is their circumstances and not they themselves . 
  i was more talking about mentality . 
  you know , when you , under whatever circumstances , decide to give up on life - that is worrying and definitely not natural . 
  that 's why i believe every suicide attempt comes from a serious physical problem and everyone having suicidal thoughts should seek help . 
   i 'm not saying that . 
  just to clarify . 
  sorry , i was more talking about this thread in general , not you . 
  truth is men really do not seek help and do not want to accept they have a problem and it is a cultural problem that we need to deal with . 
  society tells men they need to be tough and stand against anything , it can be mentally devastating , because nobody is that strong . 
  but i think saying women are less depressed or that depression differs between genders is pretty unfair . 
  if anything i would point it to problem in culture and society than to difference in the illnesses itself . 
  my suicide thoughts never really went like `` i will do that so people notice i have problem '' . 
  it was more like `` i will do that so people wo n't have a problem anymore '' . 
  cutting i think is more like a first thing than a suicide - after all it is a attempt to take your life and even tough there is a chance you can survive , people who want to live wo n't even try . 
  we have an strong , primal need to live , we fight for our lives and avoid everything that can harm us . 
  if it changes , there is something very worrying with that person . 
  it do not think it is a stereotype . 
  we are more pain sensitive but we just avoid it if we can . 
  maybe it 's more like woman are more pain sensitive but psychicaly , not mentaly and man can deal with the idea that it 'll hurt , but psychical pain is slightly a bigger deal ? 
  really idk , i only shared my experience, 
  thanks , sure it makes me feel better about myself :(, 
  i am , thank you so much < 3, 
  that 's so sweet , thanks . 
  tell me about it , i live 100 km from berlin and i have n't been in germany even once . 
  i will keep that in mind , it may come in handy one day . 
  jokes aside , i 'm really not the best example , sorry !, 
  * pic or did n't happen * rule , huh ? 
  we hold a contest every year . 
  i 've already drove around 10 this year and it 's only march !, 
  we 're so pretty they die by just looking at us . 
  as a woman who was suicidal , i just did n't wanted it to hurt . 
  there wo n't be any pain while overdosing pills , ya know , but slicing your neck is quite painful . 
  aww , it 's adorable < 3, 
  oh boy , i have to admit i do have a soft spot for kilts . 
  sometimes you do not want to believe you 're doing bad things , so you come up with ridiculous ideas to explain your horrible decisions . 
  i think it sums up pis pretty well . 
  yup , that 's the one !, 
  all i can really think about is `` jak rozp\u0119ta\u0142em ii w\u015a '' and this scene where montenegrin officer roasts german and protects polish fugitive . 
  i also really like their flag , it 's one of my favorites . 
  tl ; dr precious nation ** edit ** : found it !, 
  [ watch till 1:00:00 ] ( https://youtu.be/qdn4svyetmo?t=57m38s ), 
  how about ketchup with mayonnaise, 
  good ( :, 
  polan can into invasion !, 
  we kinda lost hope at this point to be honest . 
  good for romania tho . 
  they call protesters `` animals '' and continue to do whatever they 've been doing . 
  no jaros\u0142aw , you ca n't take our pyry z gzikiem , have mercy !, 
  not german , pretty german .
