and we have the highest vat in all eu . 
  haha , we win again !, 
  suck it romania !, 
  the ominous politican wanted a list about which congressmen and parties are backed by foreign lobbyists or has double nationality . 
  there was a debate about israel before his speech , so he only said israel by accident . 
  afaik on the paper he gave in the parliament , there was not a word about jews or israel . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  this was a solecism , and has been corrected immediately after . 
  by the way , the director of jobbik , g\u00e1bor vona has been to london a few weeks ago , where he has been greeted by anti-fascist demonstrators . 
  little did they know , after he met with the local hungarians , he also had a friendly meeting with orthodox jewish rabbis and spent an evening with them . 
  somehow , western media forgot to cover that ( bbc even stated first that there was jewish people in the demonstrators , mistakenly about the rabbis he met after ) . 
  seriously , if there was as much coverage in the western media about the corruption and idiotic bureaucracy as about false neo-nazism , maybe there would be a progress in a valuable way ... 
  yeah , they convinced * everyone * . 
  jobbik and magyar hajnal maybe has 15 % of the votes total , and half of the country does n't even vote , and jobbik is still not considered far-right ... we are totally neo-nazi . 
  / s jeez stop the hyperbolism , you are making a fool out of yourself . 
  im considered radical liberal in hungary ... 
  the memorial scandal is because of fidesz . 
  they hid the plans for the memorial for a long time , and ignores all criticism about it . 
  maybe where you live , but every foreigners i 've met loved it here . 
  also , since when are jews foreigners ? 
  there are assoles everywhere , you ca n't project a macro picture about a whole country , because you have been attacked once . 
  this is as equally worse if a black person attacks you , and then you would say all blacks are criminals . 
  the only anti-semitic party is the magyar hajnal ( hungarian dawn ) , which are previous jobbik members , after they realized jobbik is not neonazi . 
  jobbik , an other controversial party is not openly anti-semitic , although the media tries to act that way . 
  jobbik is a radical conservative party . 
  the base of the controversy is that they openly talk about that there is a roma-crime problem in hungary which is ignored and hid by the previous governments . 
  they try to solve this problem by starting conversations about it , and often labelled as racists because of this . 
  they are not antisemitists , but often criticise israel 's politics on ghaza . 
  because this is the only party that talk about these things , they have a lot of anti semitic , racist supporters too . 
  jobbik has nothing to do with this case , lol . 
  this is started by the governing party , fidesz . 
  to your question : there is no higher neonazism here than in other eu countries . 
  thanks for clarifying , after reading your comment i thought there was some serious incident . 
  uhm ... my question was towards the case about hedvig malina . 
  why was that slovak-bashing ? 
  i 'm sorry if i ask a dumb question , i did not follow the news lately . 
  it 's obivous they will win it again , but they commit everything to win 2/3 of the seats again . 
  ( and make other parties impotent , but that 's a different story ), 
  may i recommend szeged , debrecen , p\u00e9cs and miskolc ? 
  yeah , usually march 15 is balls-boiling hot , no one expected this much snow for today . 
  it tastes like diabeetus . 
  i have 4 relatives who died of suicide . 
  1 alcoholic , 1 mad , 2 depression . 
  the most common is `` bazdmeg '' ( baszd meg ) . 
  yeah , when i have been learning german and found out that other languages had genders for objects such as chair , i was like [ wut ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tx6i22z.gif ) . 
  i mean , what the hell would make a chair male ? 
  maybe you confused it with `` bassza meg '' . 
  it would mean something like `` shall be fucked '' . 
  yeah , i ca n't find a hungarian national song where there is n't a stupid top comment about how we are the best , and fuck our neighbours and france either . 
  there are a few exceptions tho . 
  the article says it 's because it 's uncompetetive . 
  also how does mining the coal pollute anything ? 
  this was like ~ ~ last year ~ ~ 2011 september . 
  fuck yea . 
  goddamit , there literally is n't any map in this thread that has hungary on it . 
  of course , hungary has been forgotten again . 
  like it was never there . 
  lmp members are mostly loud people in their twenties or thirties who do n't know anything about the economy thus nor about how to drive a country . 
  also they have lot of conflicts inside the party with eachother . 
  they have been in the parliament only for 2 years but the management changed several times since then . 
  they could be great later , but now they are just kids . 
  i fear they wo n't survive the next voting in 2014 . 
  the ones who could change this country had already migrated anyways :(, 
  it really just means that sometime , somewhere in your family tree was named horvath . 
  it not completly means that you are originated croatians . 
  family names and origins are almost chaotic since the middle ages . 
  do n't forget about the [ visegr\u00e1d group !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr%c3%a1d_group ), 
  you mean after the mongols were driven out . 
  that was the time when a huge part of hungarians died so bela iv had to repopulate the country with germans , slavs and knights of malta . 
  also you romanian guys seems to dig our history like it was gold , what 's up with that ( no offense just interested ) ? 
  iirc hungary had one of the biggest portion of financial support from the eu among all member states . 
  in 2014 99 % of all constructions issued by the government had financial eu support in it . 
  i 'm sure it was tasty !, 
  one tip though for next time : do n't use that much water at once !, 
  first , cook it on slow fire without lid . 
  add only 1-2 dl water when the meat starts be cooked on the outside . 
  then check every 10-15 minutes if it has water . 
  if the water starts to disappear , add some more and stir it . 
  the more frequent you stir the goulash the tastier it will be !, 
  do this for 3-4 hours , or until the meat has the consistency you desire . 
  do n't use chicken stock !, 
  you can also put some tomato and garlic in it too . 
  be proud of your goulash . 
  it 's yours . 
  sort of . 
  the classic left and right spectrum is disappearing and the new [ globalism vs. nativism ] ( http://factmyth.com/neoliberal-globalization-and-protectionism-explained/ ) confrontation takes its place . 
  while the old right wing parties can easily take the nativism side , the old leftist parties usually trying to half-ass both chairs and falling between . 
  that 's correct . 
  also the chief prosecutor got reelected in the same year they gain 2/3 power in the parliament ( 2010 ) and extended his mandate to 2019 . 
  they also bought nearly all public media groups , tv channels , online and offline newspapers . 
  their stooges also bought up all agricultural land the country owned before . 
  so even if fidesz loses the election in 2018 , the new government wo n't have any power to change anything . 
  hungary is truly fucked for decades . 
  the numbers are also more ridicolous knowing bkv ( company for budapest 's public transport ) is nigh bankruptcy for years now . 
  the buses are more than 30 years old . 
  the word corruption does n't define what 's happening in this country . 
  the richest have always got richer during crisis , how is this news ? 
  get out . 
  oh my god ... this perfectly fits for some people here ...
