no thanks !, 
  you just change also to metric and it 'll be perfect !, 
  let 's congratulate ourselves in any case , in this subreddit you can openly talk about scientific temperature system without being surrounded by americans * ` muh fahrenheit !, 
  ok , but still how do you protect your face when it 's freezing ? 
  my ears , nose , lips . . 
  our economy is growing 1.5 % this year while denmark 's is negative at the moment , so lol i guess, 
  if you read the whole thing and came to the conclusion i 'm standard madrid type guy you did n't understand my text well i 'm afraid : /, 
  you think my analysis , precisely bashing on madrid 's centralism paragraph after paragraph is propaganda from madrid ? 
  how about you read before you speak ? 
  personal story : my mother is from the ` elite ' , yes , but my father is belgian , and i consider myself more an international guy . 
  i do not seek to profit from the system or anything , i want to live my life , preferably outside spain , and make music , for example . 
  i compose between other things . 
  i maintain what i maintain after investigating history during years and after studying very much what people have to say about the foreseeable future of catalonia . 
  i do n't want to continue this discussion further . 
  neither of us will change opinions a millimeter . 
  it 's just hurtful . 
  i may bump this the 10th november . 
  to demonstrate there will not have been a referendum . 
  do you want to bet ? 
  10 internet cookiez . 
  these textbooks i have seen throughout all my life , bu do n't expect me to have them at hand . 
  you can believe or not , as with the rest of my exposition . 
  what all this process is going to cause is a bit more of economic independence of the catalan government from the central government , which is nice . 
  but independence ? 
  never !, 
  ( at least in these years to come , i do n't know in 50 ) . 
  and i do know how the system works . 
  why do you think i talk so much about the alta societat ? 
  because , willingly or not , i was born in it . 
  do you know fain\u00e9 , head of la caixa ? 
  i 'm close friends with one of his grandsons . 
  sarbus , same . 
  many other companies . 
  the son of a woman in mas 's press gabinet who is currently head of the fnec in the ub ? 
  as well . 
  i do n't know , i could give you many more examples of many people in the elite i have known , and talked to . 
  i do n't say this to brag , and if it sounds like it 's i 'm sorry and not my intention . 
  i merely say this because you accuse me to know ` nothing ' about what is happening in catalonia , and i say this to defend myself . 
  i do know , what is happening publicly and behind the scenes . 
  i 'm telling you , independence is impossible , get over it . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not paranoid , and brainwashes does not come mainly from textbooks . 
  it comes mainly from teachers and social pressure . 
  but this argument in the whole is pointless . 
  catalonia wo n't achieve it 's independence . 
  all these efforts from the part of so many citizens here are going to waste . 
  manifestations , t-shirt designs , museum expositions , debates , everything is just so damn pointless ... why do n't you just give up ? 
  i am not going to retract from the brainwashing argument . 
  i have seen it myself . 
  i have lived it myself . 
  i have suffered it myself . 
  i live now just in front of a public school , and i see the trend continuing . 
  i have seen textbooks , talked with people . 
  brainwashing is fucking real , get it ? 
  care to explain ? 
  care to provide arguments ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  for once ? 
  i like that we have somehow achieved civil discussion in this thread amid all this hate from the independentists , 
  well have spent several hours writing this post and responding people , bringing many arguments , be they true or false . 
  and now you come as some sort of truth holder without having arguments ... wtf with you . 
  you are right in all you say but let me tell you that the only place in the world luck does n't interfere in victory is chess . 
  you had luck in that the hill existed , the english were in portugal , and the castillians were as arrogant and stupid as they were . 
  i should have refined my post . 
  protests on fusion between two companies can not compare to the political and social discussion that an event like precisely the independence of catalonia for example has . 
  prove it . 
  you 've convinced me . 
  delete the post ? 
  do you know what this is called ? 
  repression . 
  come on , tell me it 's not . 
  but even if i had told the stupidest thing in the world you should let me say it . 
  cause that 's what free speech is all about . 
  you have talked about deleting the post . 
  you have shown your true nature . 
  i put nearly 3 hours of writing and 40 paragraphs into this . 
  talking about everything is * impossible * . 
  and you accuse of me demagogy before saying theta i only talk about * some * things . 
  the only part that can be accused of being my opinion is the brainwashing part , which i still maintain is fact , but whatever , and the last part . 
  all the rest i consider objective . 
  i talk about history . 
  objective history . 
  and that you ca n't deny . 
  you feel confident because you 're 5 independentists and there is only me so naturally many of my posts are at -4 . 
  ok i accept this ` tolerance ' . 
  but keep in mind please that i began my post with , i copy paste : `` here i 'm going to try and positionate myself as a neutral observer . 
  i might fail though xd '', 
  hmm nice arguments , especially the republic one . 
  however , if spain finds a long term political solution in the next decades a fusion might be easier than you think , portrayed is finally the union of all the hispanic/iberian peoples . 
  about the battle of aljubarrota , basically it 's the first time someone won in middle ages without cavalry support . 
  all what the portuguese army did was to put itself on a steep hill flanked by two rivers . 
  it was a 40 degrees summer day and the castillian army had marched all day . 
  the positioning , the moral , and the physical fatigue caused the castillian army to fight very very bad and nullified the super mighty cavalry , its main asset . 
  i wrote this a nearly a week ago on the civfanatics forum . 
  this is not propaganda . 
  it 's my opinion . 
  and if i 'm the only catalan non-independentist here that does n't mean you have to depreciate me nor think that i 'm some sort of government agent . 
  i know right ? 
  this thread has been voted positively 67 % ( international people who find this topic interesting , whereas i 'm right or wrong ) 33 % negatively ( mainly independentists who see a post , no matter how long it can be , against their ideology ), 
  what you say about nationalism is completely and utterly wrong .
