  nationalism in the modern sense is only a cultural construct that exists since two centuries ago and is bound to disappear again . 
  the airport thing was just a small detail that in no way has a big influence over the importance competition between bcn and madrid . 
  and yes , i 'm in favor in having more int . 
  flights from here . 
  also , `` every word you say , every sentence '' is an insult to my post , my intelligence and a complete act of demagogy , and i request you got that back off unless you write three posts at least as long as i have done , to at least demonstrate the thing `` every word you say , every sentence '' . 
  and i 'm not from madrid nor do you know me , nor do you know how deep the history of catalonia i have studied , much more than anyone here i would bet 500 euros completely safely . 
  there was luck ... but i 'm not denying the castillian incompetence and portuguese good planing , ofc . 
  about the second paragraph , you 're talking about short term future . 
  i 'm talking more about long term , decades long , even century . 
  i may be saying a stupid thing here xd , i do n't know , but from what i have investigated , my conclusions are that in this increasingly globalized and centralized world , as humanity begins to finally shift away from the concept of nation and enters the concept of race ( as in human race , not black , white , etc ) , small states with no special capabilities , such as big rare resources within it 's borders for example , specially next to big ones , like portugal , have less and less sense of existence . 
  maybe in 50 years it will be normal to think that a fusion between portugal and spain could be beneficial economically and because who cares about nationalities , the same way no one ` protests ' a fusion between two companies of the same sector . 
  one thing does not remove another . 
  nobody says francoism didn ; t have school propaganda . 
  oh , and by the way , try not to use the word ` oppression ' . 
  it 's so early 20th century , it gives away your credibility . 
  and do not insult either , you only create more conflict . 
  i did not talk about the demolishing because it 's not an important part of history , and city demolitions were common throughout history . 
  independentist manipulation , as with other things , have made this event much more significant than in reality was . 
  i talked about the prohibitions of catalan language . 
  the fiscal deficit is something that should not be outrageous and is practiced in every country in the world . 
  these continuous ` insults ' i have talked also , but you , conflict creator as you are , exaggerate these events and clearly have not lived in a true dictatorship with true repression . 
  and please do n't shout like you were about to explode ... stuff like that inhibits civil discussion . 
  have you ever been to a secondary school ????? 
  especially in rural parts . 
  i know , it 's true . 
  they impulsed the secessionist movement to gain negotiating power to madrid after the successive failures of the 2010 fiscal pact and the 2006 estatut , but they though they could keep in under control but it has gone wild . 
  dude . 
  dude . 
  i said the the airport of bcn is very big . 
  you denied because it lacks some transatlantic flights . 
  i went on to report facts . 
  you now say it 's big because it 's from volume , not because total city population . 
  thanks !, 
  you just said i 'm right . 
  and called me stupid . 
  it seems you 're rather noob in internet discussions . 
  and about the constitution , it should be like that , because all the ` anti-separation ' spanish people * do * have a say in this matter , the catalan independence * do * influence them in their lives , and they have a * right * to be listened in the topic . 
  inmoral is to keep to the path of economic ruin over a sentimentist pride , ignoring the consequences not only to you , but also to innocent people in the rest of spain who do n't deserve their companies ruined , and lives in poverty . 
  one thing leads to the sever detriment of the rest , inevitably . 
  sources or examples ? 
   write a 40 paragraph post . 
   get rekt by one phrase which does n't provides counterarguments , nothing . 
   sorry sugusino , you 're right , i go home now . 
  erc is not extremist per se . 
  extremist would be cup . 
  happy ? 
  brainwash exists in schools . 
  to deny that is a crime to honesty . 
  i agree with you in that it 's normal in the other hand that parents can do more or less what they want with their children education . 
  the '92 olympics were totally in context . 
  if you are not able to appreciate the importance this event took in barcelona 's history i do n't know if you were able to comprehend the rest of things i said . 
  were not to be because all the infrastructure , money , influence , tourism , brand name , and a long etc the games gave to barcelona , the city would n't have been so important , less money would have come in , less culture would have generated in it , less social movements , less influence over the rest of spain , less capability to have the social power to initiate a struggle of independence . 
  the airport of barcelona is physically super big , one of the 50th biggest in the world when barcelona is not by far in top 50 cities by population , specially after the construction of the t1 terminal . 
  the reason behind madrid taking all the transatlantic flights is mainly logistical , not some sort of petty revenge . 
  the corruption cases are as scandalous as here as in the rest of spain . 
  and if you do n't want to obey the constitution at least take a look to the jurisprudence tradition , and what it says about self determination rights . 
  and finally , one of my objective behind this post was to precisely try to have a response to this apparently ` totally civic movement ' , because these type of things , be it in catalonia or anywhere else in the world have many reasons behind it , not nay social , but political as well . 
   i 'm curious about that , do you have some examples of this education text book manipulation . 
  since you experienced it yourself maybe you can even post some scan . 
  maybe i can take ideas to rebuild grand moravia . 
  it 's mainly the history part . 
  on one hand , specially in public schools , professors are completely one-sided . 
  history is portrayed always as a succession of great affronts from ` madrit ' to catalonia . 
  every time spain is mentioned , it is called the ` spanish state ' . 
  the crown of aragon is portrayed os the catalanoaragonese crown , which is historically repulsive . 
  all kids are from little convinced that catalalonia is the great , and then in secondary school also the influence of extremist student associations comes to place , and they infiltrate all public high schools and put posters everywhere . 
   i 'm also curious about the masses thing , since about 50 % of the population in catalonia is not of catalan origin and a lot of those in the demonstrations were not educated in the democracy times . 
  how did the elites manage to brain wash them when by the numbers of audience of media the spanish media has as big a following as the catalan one ? 
  because centralization from madrid has been linked to `` franco '' , `` fascism '' etc. 
  so all these castillian speaking people are socialist and ca n't stand to hear the name of ` franco ' , so this has facilitated things . 
  also , the what was the very vocal independentist minority has always been also very extremist . 
  although now the movement is more ideologically diverse , still there are some people that ` shouted ' all the time , making the impression that they were many more than in reality until it was true . 
  also , being independentist is ` cool ' now . 
  if you are not , at least in the younger generation , you have to ` prove why you would n't be ' . 
  you have social pressure . 
  i know some friends that posted photos of themselves with the ` estel.lada ' flag , the independentist flag , and then say to me , really i do n't give a shit about this , actually i 'd prefer things to keep as they are now . 
   you are aware right that a lot of the countries in the world are younger than 100 years ? 
  even in europe . 
  yes , but the level of infrastructure , social and economic relations , family relations , institutional , cultural , historical relations between catalonia and the rest of spain are so strong and tight that to cut off these would be like to cut off your own arm . 
  tecnically you can , but i do n't recommend it . 
   they started this , but the spiral has gone out of hand . 
  they wanted more negotiation power , but the wave is so big now and they have been pushed by extremists so much that between moderating the cause and loosing power and elections , and changing and try to lead the independentist cause they have chosen the second option . 
   well , if they are aiming for independence , it is assumed that there must be a point in which the legality of the self-determination right will take precedence over state laws . 
  that 's the argument of nationalists , and it can take to hours of discussion . 
  rivers of ink have been written about this topic . 
   is it possible that ciu was never really in control of the movement and they have just shifted they political space to keep with the majority of the voters and now have to continue to do so or fall into irrelevance ? 
  from looking at the demonstration reports it looked like he was being commanded to put the ballot boxes by a very wide spectrum of people . 
  pretty much already explained , i think . 
  yes , thanks for expanding that . 
  it was intentional :p it was born in the paradox video games forums , in case you ask yourself why i put this . 
  how would it affect me ? 
  well , not much as i 'm half belgian . 
  but in reality , it 's difficult to know to many people to what extend will this be a catastrophe . 
  we are completely blind . 
  i will try to get out my money from catalonia before corralito and devaluation ensures . 
  you know why portugal is independent ? 
  because the king of leon alfonso vi gave the county of portucale to its son in law and some time after the count of portucale declared himself king . 
  because in the battle of aljubarrota in 1385 the castillian king was stupid as f *** and the portuguese had a luck stroke equivalent to 3 dice rolls giving 6 . 
  because felipe ii in the spanish golden age , when portugal was finally part of spain again , had two revolts , one in catalonia and another in portugal . 
  he choose portugal live .
