  not a single word ) . 
  about europe , the eu institutions ( time after time ) , merkel and cameron have talked very clearly : they support spain . 
  same with valls some time ago . 
  only italy has been silent . 
  and even they are known to be opposed . 
  the rest of the countries will just bandwagon . 
  oh ok thanks , changing it . 
  this is debatable , but i 'm referring to another point , another discussion here . 
  it 's not about the % , it 's about that they * are * doing this . 
  you 're kinda wrong in that no one wanted a war . 
  many citizens actually really wanted it , specially the french and german against each other . 
  if you read accounts of the era you see a big xenophobia and hatred against rival countries , not just in governments but in the general citizens . 
  nowadays , when , say , an american and a chinese person meet , they wo n't never act violent or something along those lines . 
  bussiness grows in catalonia because in the private sector world everyone knows that independence is an unrealistic chimera that will never happen , so people do n't actually take it into account . 
  they just look at catalonia 's vibrant modern sectors and see it 's a very good place to invest ( which it is ) . 
  but really , precisely when the independence debate grew hot , usually in autumn each year , foreign investment tended to slow down a bit , ceteris paribus , these last years . 
  so yeah ... 
  precisely my point is that i 've seen very few italians , young or not , get inside internet culture since i began using it daily 10 years ago , in obscure forums and such . 
   low internet penetration very palpable , at least to me , since i began using internet . 
  never saw italians in forums , neither now in reddit , i see them scarcely in games like lol , etc. 
  compared to how big the country is ( 60 million inhabitants ), 
  hehe , you can feel very patriotic about both catalunya and spain . 
  i always saw the independentist movement as a wave ... and now its regressing again . 
  soon it will go back to the usual 20 % . 
  true long term peninsular destiny resides in political unification , 
  the ibex has lost +12 % , worst day in history , even more than when the 2012 summer ... !, 
  olivenza is a small town where people nowadays speak spanish . 
  it 's on the east side of the guadiana . 
  if it were to go back to portugal it would be an ugly and irrational geographical bump on the map . 
  it can be argued that the ` sovereignty transfer ' was n't very orthodox but it was bound to happen anyway . 
  let 's not border gore . 
  spain could also say that portugal robbed them the ilhas salvagens by the way ... 
  this thread is so full of butthurt turks , hahaha, 
  140 cannons and a +1000 men crew , the biggest ship of its time . 
  traditional spanish people have many names for their baptising , for example . 
  i have six names , officialy , tho i never use the last 5 . 
  [ there are fully translated comics in latin , i have one of them ! ], 
  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/asterix/comments/3jz2is/my_asterix_apud_gothos_comic_in_latin_printed_in/ ), 
  this map is much better !, 
  what are the other two ` big three ' ? 
  suske & wiske , and maybe the kid with the mophead ( whose name i do n't remember ) ? 
  the closest are far away to the south . 
  precisely that conference was also bullshit . 
  most of the people there were expats from catalonia also !!, 
  there were only two or three european mps !, 
  the catalan government is doing like shit internationally , yes , because with trips like this you do n't educate people ... 
  in a room you can speak for some dozens of people , to educate you need millions , and that is done via word to mouth , via press articles , etc. 
  it 's a completely automatic process !, 
  the only real reason the puigdemont government does trips is just to try to make photos and gather statements of support , which never happen !, 
  that 's why it 's bad . 
  it is you who is delusional . 
  and btw , it 's not like i 'm not in the loop . 
  i follow closely these kind of things . 
  puigdemont and romeva went to sciencespo paris some time ago and i actually was there ( made a selfie and everything , cute moment ) . 
  hey , i did n't say madrid was n't involved in this . 
  i 'm sure morocco got pressure from the central government to cancel everything . 
  but it goes to show who has the international support and who does n't , which , at the end , is what actually counts . 
  and ehm no , if you correlate the stats , it shows a perfectly direct correlation between language spoken at home ( catalan or spanish ) and region ( comarca ) of origin , and support for independence . 
  go look at the internet , you 'll see . 
  because for people like you being attached to your region you belong without wanting to cut ties with a greater country , spain , which you also love , is something irrational and should be prohibited . 
  mind you that this was the norm during decades until 7 years ago . 
  and by the way , catalonian independentists lost their train when they scored 48 % at the last elections . 
  everybody knows that the results did not have necessarily to correlate exactly to an independentist sentiment , but catalonia would already be independent if they had at least 60 % of support . 
  independentists * just do n't have the demographics * . 
  it 's that simple . 
  there is a half catalan part that feels spanish and/or is 3rd generation immigrant from other parts of spain . 
  we could even say that , although talking about ethnicity in 1st world countries ends up being uncommon , its an ethnical question . 
  international support is going like shit for the catalan government . 
  president puigdemont and his group went two times this year to the us to see if someone important would grant their support or at least make a photo with him and the best they got was hiring a room in mit to do a low profile talk with a few dozens in public , catalan expats and curious people . 
  they went to the carter foundation and semitricked carter to make a photo with them , but then some time after it was done the carter team realized what happened and issued a press statement saying they do n't support catalan independence . 
  no one in the administration or big companies went out to meet them . 
  in europe , they have sent so many letters and pledges to governments but no one says nothing . 
  the only ones that meet them are the lega norte , flemish nationalists and alike . 
  yesterday it was announced that a joint tour of puigdemont and the flemish nationalist politician in morocco was suddenly cancelled because no one in morocco wanted to meet them and the whole agenda was blank . 
  ** edit : i never wanted to spark such a violent and hateful discussion , mainly provoked by independentists that downvote en masse everything they do n't support , no matter how elaborate it is . 
  i have had some errors in my text , i think it 's inevitable in such a long triple post , but the reaction shows how independentists think . 
  overreacting as always , it 's sad really . 
  also , to the claims that i was n't as neutral as i said i would be , i warned it could happen , just look below , but nevertheless i 'm sorry if that infuriated you so much , it was never my intention to try to tergiversate things . 
  to those who say i left over things , i spent 3 hours typing the post , but the amount of events that have happened during history deserves far more . 
  if you think that 's me manipulating , rest assured , i just do n't have time to write * everything * . 
  about the portugal discussion , i also recognize my failure , i have been convinced on many things very that people with very nice knowledge in portuguese history have said . 
  i also apologize for the lack of optimal english , it 's actually my 4/5th language in chronological order , like a true european :d . and i repeat , all these hates and down votes to everyone should finish , i just wanted to provide a long and coherent framework for civil discussion that could be ( and has been ) rejected/debated , etc. 
  let 's remain civil , ty . 
  ** ( note : this is a crosspost from geopolitcs and international politics so maybe some of you have seen already . 
  i 'm the author nevertheless ) so , here we are , in catalonia . 
  some people may [ think  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdbcsdk8pey ) others are slightly more excited . 
  here i 'm going to try and positionate myself as a neutral observer . 
  i might fail though xd * the catalan question : * part 1 of 3 : origins : keep in mind that spain can be divided into three main blocks : west : portugal , center : castille . 
  that and the world-class anomaly that is the basquenland . 
  the differences between those three blocks are ethnical , linguistic and cultural . 
  but were they inevitable , historically speaking ? 
  spain could be now like france , which is * une et indivisible * . 
  if we take the castillian perspective , things were ` done right ' in france . 
  a policy of centralization was done since the earlier times of when the hre was the ` frankish ' empire . 
  the right to subjucate culturally . 
  centralization that only became apparent with the bourbons and louis xiv , went official with the 1st republic , and felt its final blow to regionalisms in the trenches of ww1 . 
  especially occitania . 
  had the world gone different , the southern half of france would be a nation so different from paris as italy or any other neighboring country . 
  and if the central government of spain had done things right , there would be too a * madrid et la champagne * . 
  had the world gone different , and it would n't have been very difficult to be so , maybe portugal would be part of spain , and catalonia , or aragon , independent .
