  sobrarbe and ribagor\u00e7a , under the influence of aragon , and ` the rest ' : urgell ( always big and snarky ) , pallars , deep into the pyrenees , empuries ( little but also reticent to authority ) , the rosell\u00f3 , capcir , and other two or three that now form the french roussillon , and finally mainly barcelona , which engulfed cerdanya , girona , osona , besal\u00fa , berga , etc. 
  all this region was commonly named catalonia , and barcelona was its * de facto * capital , never completely de iure . 
  from the beginning of the union in 1162 of the kingdom of aragorn and the county of barcelona ( the rest of the counties were like semi vassal and semi independent ) , the holder of the principality of catalonia was called count of barcelona , fact which helps to reflect the abstention of this notion of catalonia as an entity , much mess independent . 
  ( note : the de facto vassalization of all this area to france finished when legendary guifre ` the hairy in 878 elected his son as successor and since then all the area would n't listen to the king of france . ), 
  catalan language , customs , traditions , etc. 
  were being absorbed by the castillian ones , as i said earlier , in aragon ( region ) already before the dynastic union , and in aragon ( crown ) after it . 
  the 19th century , specially after the 1st republic ( 1868-1874 ) , saw the movement of the `` renaixen\u00e7a '' , the renaissance of catalan as a language used publicly , and artistically . 
  it began as a culture movement . 
  the political movement was tiny and still had no objectives . 
  independence was absurd . 
  it grew more political until the first republic . 
  some extremists ( for the era ) , already had proposed the ideal of independence , but it was widely ignored . 
  it did happen , in the 2nd republic , in 1934 , the catalan republic was proclaimed by the president of the generalitat . 
  it was a personal more a personal move by him that an institutionalized act that the majority of the catalans wanted . 
  those were such such turbulent times , the years before the republic , the system was mad . 
  but in the catalan case , the extremist section was already occupied by many anarchists and communists who did n't care much about catalonian independence as much as the revolution of the proletariat . 
  in reality , what had happened was the catalans , mostly the elite , were absolutely fed up with madrid and its centralized policy , which inhibited catalan culture for centuries and causes many many frictions with the superbig ( at least compared to the rest of spain ) catalan entrepreneur bourgeoisie . 
  and this spirit lingered on . 
  catalan history is deep and profound . 
  the roma beggars have been a problem here , though small , and this has n't caused any correlation whatsoever with the independence movement . 
  no one would want to do that now . 
  debate about independence is very hot . 
  the motto of the independentist party was ` el vot de la teva vida ' , which means , ` the vote of your life ' . 
  this is very true . 
  unionists want to take this as the final defeat of indeps . 
  and the final answer in the debate . 
  indeps . 
  are pulling the catsiqueespot card . 
  until now no one really knew what the number was . 
  this election settles it . 
  the new liberal generations in america tend to think the same than the european ones . 
  they are as socialist as here bu they do n't know it yet . 
  as a non-independentist catalan , let me get some points straight : * the polls are consistent : support for independence has been around 45 % these last years/months , spiked a bit above 50 % a year or two ago and the trend is going downwards . 
  the non-independence stance stands at 48 % right now . 
  * mas and other independent politicians profit from the fact that the elections are not exactly proportional in terms of territory and are trying to get absolute majority in seats , which ` can happen , it 's not sure but it can ' according to the polls , without taking about having more than 50 % . 
  * the indepedentist front is a mess . 
  it 's divided between a so called ` centrist ' party and a leftist one , and an extremist left one holding a separate candidacy ( yes , communist and nationalist at the same time , it does n't make sense but its accepted ) , and they all do n't like each other since decades , and bitterly fight for everything . 
  * independentist support is something new . 
  for decades it was a marginal opinion , regarded as extremist , hanging at around 15-20 % always . 
  only with the crisis and some discrepancies with the central government the movement has exploded . 
  and the grand majority of independentists do n't want this because of national or ethnic sentiment , they want it because there is a generalized perception that madrid has treated ` bad ' catalonia and that we 're better off alone . 
  * so we have to classes of independentists , the typical guy who has been so all his life and a grand mass of people who in general do n't have a very big interest in politics in their lives and they have just stop asking ` why ? ', 
  to ` why not ? ' . 
  this second class of people are begging to disappear and will continue to do so as quickly as they rose ; such is the nature of these kind of social movements . 
  a state which is supposed to endure decades or centuries can not be founded on the fashion/fad , historically speaking , of it 's population during certain years , based above all in mismanagement from others , not a profound sentiment of historical separation . 
  if that makes you feel better , i do like the shape of those buildings , specially the parliament . 
  it looks so ... imposing . 
  question to op : it seems you put aragonese and its variations in numbers due to lack of space , but where is the index ? 
  now you can see why people in regions like andalucia where 40 degrees * in the shade * are the norm every summer could be more ` lazy ' ; there is just no way to be productive on those conditions , specially if you work at construction . 
  this should n't be downvoted . 
  russia has a gdp as big as italy iirc and gdp per capita is risible , but its culture is one of dramatic chauvinistic imperialism . 
  they destabilize world peace , or the intention of world peace at least . 
  i did n't deny them , read again . 
  there were plenty of injustices . 
  the examples you said though are precisely more misconceptions . 
  first , the gold and metal was n't very valuable for the natives , it was just for decorations . 
  second , the diseases were obviously not intended , and the american contact also brought diseases to europe , like syphilis . 
  try harder . 
  also , you say these things were not nice . 
  oh , but were n't people disposable and renewable resources ? 
  what a golden try-hard you seem to be , having watched ` house of cards ' and 2 or 3 dan brown books made you believe politics is as like in the movies . 
  well no , sorry for spoiling you . 
  also you show to have absolute no sense of history and seem to have been as gullible as anyone else in the masses by the typical urban legend outcry ` spanish conquistadors and stuff ' . 
  charles i/v banished slavery in his domains in the xvi century . 
  in the xx century in america people kept saying ` the only good indian is the dead indian ' . 
  if there is a colonial power that respected and mixed with natives , at least in comparison with other european nations , it 's spain . 
  the proof lies in history books and in the color of the skin of mexicans and australians . 
  1 : this is a completely uncompassionate thing to say , says a lot of you , shows you have no heart and have not experienced the reality of war , which if you did would reverse your way of think 180\u00ba . 
  2 : you do n't know me either , you can not judge me , specially if you do n't know if i maybe or maybe not could have been born in the high class catalan society and have been surrounded by politics my entire life . 
  so shut up before saying more stupid things . 
  millions of people have died in countless wars , and you should be sad ( or try to be ) about that fact , you heartless soul . 
  the issue with the armenian genocide is the refusal of the government to recognize anything , and this is pure evil by itself . 
  recognizing is not useless . 
  some people can still call you genocidal but to a much lesser extent . 
  spain : full of excessively proud people, 
  very true , but you take into account that the reunification desire could still be the same ad infinitum . 
  i do n't know exactly how is moldovan society but , every year that passes it might be true that the artificial invention of the ` nationness ' of moldavia roots stronger in the population , just as it happened here in catalonia . 
  and by the way , if this guy can be president only after 10 years being in moldavia , the time you say will actually pass . 
  no , precisely haha . 
  here in reddit there are a lot of independentists , but should take into account that only 40 % of catalonia 's population want independence , and historically it 's been always 15-20 % or so . 
  and the independence battle is in decay right now so everything will go back to normal in a few months . 
  i think you should be happy that there is a guy like him actually devoting his life to unification . 
  territory and demographics totally offsets economic and social situation in the long term . 
  romania and moldova should totally unite , as well as bulgaria and macedonia . 
  and if then bulgarian and romanian governments act as one in the eu they 'll have poland , or more , levels of influence . 
  give moldova 30 years . 
  in a person 's life it 's a lot , but in a historic perspective it 's not . 
  me 'n recordo ben be . 
  et veig en totes parts de reddit com un pur soldat a la causa de la independencia . 
  of course . 
  and maybe even with portugal in it . 
  no one in the world will . 
  of course there are some countries more sympathetic than others , but no one wants to put at risk their relation with spain . 
  usa has already said no , latin american countries will of course ally with spain on this . 
  the african countries dgaf and even if they would they could ' t do anything about it . 
  the arab countries have in general nice relations with spain , it 's something the monarchy helped to achieve . 
  india dgaf either . 
  russia and china do n't want any separatist movements to win . 
  japan and other asian countries are just too far away to also give a fuck . 
  in general the world does n't care about catalonia ( i read the finantial times today , print version .
