  portugal is not castille , but portugal is spain . 
  the spanish , however , committed the same error as with aragon : to make castille = spain , which is not true . 
  spain , the roman hispania , is the entire peninsula , and the kings in the middle ages wanted to be known as ` the emperor of all spain ' . 
  sooner or later portugal will be a part of spain again , it is inevitable . 
  it will be difficult , though . 
  but from what i can see form your username you do n't seem to be very open to discussion . 
  part 3 : back to 1977 . 
  the new regional system comes with an obscure treaty . 
  jordi pujol , nowadays in the epicenter of a super big scandal involving corruption , governed with his party , ciu ( convergencia u uni\u00f3 ) mainly moderate nationalists from center , with many absolute majorities , uninterruptedly from 1980-2003 . 
  this treaty was done with felipe gonzalez , the psoe socialist president who run spain from 1982 to 1996 and consisted essentially in : you leave alone the catalan bourgeoisie and i support you in madrid always . 
  we must n't forget 1992 . 
  the super boost to barcelona the olympics gave can be still smelled in the city nowadays , in infrastructure , touristically , commercially , culturally , everything . 
  ** barcelona is now an entity as important as madrid and lisboa ** , much more above than any other spanish city . 
  the three blocks i explained earlier continue today . 
  not only that . 
  catalonia is super centralized . 
  in the region over 7,5 million live , maybe 5 of them live within 30 kms from ` the city ' . 
  barcelona has everything a big capital should need . 
  a super big airport , port , logistics center , cultural influence , important banks and multinationals , a world-class touristic brand , and a big etc. 
  and the most important thing . 
  a very big elite . 
  very big . 
  very cohesive . 
  very patriotic . 
  very rich . 
  and very ancient . 
  the barcelona 's 400 families nucleus and all the ` alta societat ' around them exist since medieval times and in these last 40 years of democracy they have intertwined politics and economics , both for good and bad ( corruption ) . 
  the economic , political , social force , influence of barcelona , contained to this little territory of catalonia , can not now be contained easily . 
  this is why they have always wanted more and more power . 
  in this last decade the movement of catalonia as an ideal as grown exponentially . 
  in 2006 the first bubble grew over the question of the estatut , the magna carta which specifies which powers would the government give to catalonia . 
  it was approved in referendum , but the central government banned it . 
  in 2010 a great debate arose over the question of the ` pacte fiscal ' . 
  catalonia wanted the same treatment as the basquenland and navarra have nowadays , with special fueros derived from historical reasons , which consist essentially in the these regions manage their own taxes and the rest they give to spain , not the other way around like the rest of the regions . 
  a de facto ( i like this expression a lot ) nearly total independence from the central government . 
  again the government did not negotiate . 
  from there the situation has escalated pretty quickly . 
  10-15 years ago , independentism was something widely known as something ` of the minority ' , a very vocal , mostly young and radical movement . 
  take 15 % of the population wanted it . 
  then in these last years , the second type of independentists has arrived : the masses . 
  education propaganda , textbooks in schools ( which i myself have experienced ) , semi control of some mass media , all of this , great process engineered by some few to one single objective : make the masses stop questioning ` why ? 
  ' , and begin questioning ` why not ' ? 
  [ typical specimens of brain eaten children . ], 
  ( http://elmonomudo.com/wp-content/gallery/diada-2012-2/thumbs/thumbs_p1030759a-1600x1200-2.jpg ) the objective has been achieved , a feat of social engineering , sentiment manipulation , and loads of money . 
  specially relevant has been that simple argument , so easily eatable by the masses , of the `` dret a decidir '' , the right to decide . 
  of course , it is impossible to talk when people like in the photo of this . 
  because , dude , it all makes sense !, 
  why would democracy not equal vote ? 
  utterly disregardable are the philosophic implications this statement provides , directly against the international jurisprudence since the declaration of universal rights , the then so called rights of the rest of spanish people , who basically do not want to see their country even more f *** ed up , because , frankly , be the case of independence achieved in catalonia , it 's unquestionable that a massive capital outflow would succeed , along with the relocation of many companies to other parts of spain , and basically the break-up and defenestration and throw away of catalonia 's economic system . 
  and do not talk even about the ever-gagantic opposition of madrid and basically the rest countries of europe , usa , etc. 
  what did i say before that the time is up for castille ? 
  so it is for catalunya . 
  this nationalistic sentiment is mainly based on sentimentalism and romanticism , it can not pass a serious exam . 
  the time for the forming of nations , at least in the western world , passed a century ago . 
  it 's too late . 
  catalonia has entered an impasse . 
  it can bang itself against the wall or hit the reverse button . 
  one thing has become clear , at least for madrid . 
  the time for centralization is history , and continue with it will only engrave the situation . 
  catalonia 's point has been clear , now negotiations , based in consensus , have to follow . 
  catalan government issued a law regarding the voting the 9-november . 
  the spanish constitutional court has banned it . 
  radicals have the opinion to not to listen to the law . 
  moderates prefer not delegitimize the ` process ' and try to make the law pass . 
  catalan president artur mas has two options : he is the head of ciu . 
  they were moderates before but have been pushed by the independentist wave , and many of their voters , instead of going to him , have channeled through more extremist parties , like erc . 
  he can be moderate again , at cost of being viewed as a traitor by many parts of society , or continue down the path of illegality , face unknown consequences by the central government , become a ` political corpse ' most likely , and be succeeded as the head of the secessionist movement by another political figure , more extremist , like oriol junqueras , the president of erc . 
  spanish right wing president mariano rajoy has not good polls . 
  in fact , he has lost half his voters over the course of 3 years . 
  the two main points that maintained him as good decisions by his electorate are the abortion law , which has recently cancelled , going further down the polls , and the catalan question . 
  he can choose to act firm as a rock and be seen then as a hero holder of spanish unity and have more probabilities to win the elections dec ' 15 , or sit to negotiate , and expect to loose something to catalonia , which would hurt him politically with the non-catalans even more . 
  this 15th artur mas 's government will decide publicly if they abide to the decision of the consitutional jury . 
  it 's the bottle neck we all see coming from years , even decades . 
  what will happen ? 
  it 's exciting to wait . 
  as you can see , it 's a long post for a complicated topic . 
  i hope you liked it . 
  part 2 : the centralization plan had two main tactics . 
  the first one emerged during the 19th century . 
  the general rule was : `` convertiremos madrid en un vergel , bilbao en una gran f\u00e1brica y barcelona en un immense solar '' ( that is , we will make madrid super splendorous , bilbao in a big factory ( it was the most industrialized zone in spain in the 19th century , along with catalonia , specialized in metals ) , and barcelona in a great ` sandlot ' for the lack of a better word . 
  and the government prohibited the growth of barcelona outside the city walls until 1860 , when permission was given and [ the famous pla cerd\u00e0 was made . ], 
  ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/89/placerda1859b.jpg/450px-placerda1859b.jpg ) barcelona grew immensely , like it had been so pressurized that it almost exploded . 
  the second part of the plan came during franco 's regime ( 1939-1975 ) after the civil war . 
  basically it profited from the rural exodus and consisted to shift the internal immigration not only to madrid and other big cities , but also specially to barcelona . 
  the plan succeeded and failed at the same time . 
  on one hand , at achieved to dilute catalan culture into spain some decades and fall barcelona and catalonia with andalusians and extremadurians ( is that the word ? 
  ) , as well as many other people from other parts from spain . 
  it failed in the sense that barcelona grew such a lot more . 
  barcelona was not as important as madrid now , of course , but still , now it held firmly it 's ground ( we 're talking about 1977 , after franco 's death , during the transition ) . 
  now , in this year , the first great demonstration of democracy about catalonia was held . 
  estimated were 1.200.000 participants . 
  this caught madrid off guard . 
  in the new constitution , immense administrative power were given to the new regions , the comunidades aut\u00f3nomas ( the autonomous communities ) . 
  consensus was that this was enough . 
  but let 's go back for a bit : catalanism is , as a explained earlier , the product of the semi castillian colonization of spain , strong enough to break the concept of the aragonese nation , but not enough to arrive into valencia 100 % , and most importantly , catalonia . 
  we have talked a lot about aragon but not enough about catalonia . 
  has been catalonia historically a * nation * ? 
  this is a very debated topic , but one thing is clear , to say yes or to say no is not possible . 
  the concept of catalonia seems to have originated like in the xi century or so , after the concept of hispanic march disappeared when the kingdom of pamplona ( later navarra ) emerged and the count of aragon declared himself king . 
  there were many other counties .
