  pr ... no talk about real issues , no real decisions or improvements . 
  no long term goals . 
  nothing to look forward to . 
  the best i can currently do in this respect in europe is the iter project . 
  but thats been set back so much , im not sure itll ever be finished . 
  based on the current state of the referendum , id say theres no more spoilers . 
  i have a better understanding of the problems with this referendum now , thanks to lower replies , and your own . 
  i hope youll do well , and that the referendum actually means something positive , and not - as i suspect - either something negative or nothing at all . 
  what a scumbag move - . - ' . 
  this vote may be used to justify real world decisions , and noone can even tell what those consequences might be ... you know , if the greek negotiations with europe went anything like this , then im * really * surprised greek is still in the eu at all . 
  yeah , i just saw the wording . 
  it looks like nothing more than politics pr , sadly ... 
  thanks man , this helped . 
  this sounds like a fucking farce to me tbh . 
  the proposals deadline has already passed , right ? 
  that would likely mean this is more for internal rather than external politics . 
  hmm . 
  but , forgive me if this sounds stupid , there has to be a question on the ballot , right ? 
  by your flair , you are greek . 
  have you seen the ballot ? 
  could you translate the question thats being asked ? 
  as precisely as you can , if you please . 
  im honestly just trying to understand the formulation of the question , and the potential implications , as well as trying to identify potential loopholes that people might want to exploit regarding this referendum . 
  so `` no '' pretty much means greece will be out of the eurozone by public decision ? 
  try selling to people in germany that they have to cover for other peoples fuckups * again * ( the last time was when east and west germany were reunited , and the west is still paying in this context ) . 
  like it or not , in this particular case , economic science is not the only thing to consider . 
   i like to compare it to a car trying to make it to a gas station while running on vapours . 
  all ballast has been thrown overboard , passengers have been kicked out , velocity has been reduced to nearly zero , but it still did not make it . 
  now , the eu is demanding to remove the wheels to make it lighter still , while all it needs is a bit of petrol . 
  thats a false equivalency if i ever heard one . 
  `` a little petrol '' ... 
  except if they vote to stay in the eurozone , now they can blame it on europe for not being lenient enough . 
  but im staying out of this one . 
  the greeks have to decide what they want . 
  they should just be aware that pretty much any choice means pain . 
  theres no easy fix for the shit theyve built up over decades . 
  soo , for someone a bit out of the loop , what question is being asked , * exactly * , i.e. 
  what does a `` no '' mean , what does a `` yes '' mean ? 
  edit : [ this particular comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c7cjm/official_referendum_result_page_english/cssycnl ) , linking to [ this article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33311422 ) basically answered my question . 
  thanks everyone for the replies , almost all of them were helpful to some degree . 
  id argue its not a smart move , * because * its the `` clever '' thing to do . 
  it reinforces stereotypes about her . 
  on the other hand , i think merkel would be damned if she did , and damned if she didnt . 
  whatever shed have done , it wouldve been interpreted in a manner which is negative for her . 
  if she hadnt allowed the trial to go ahead , shed basically be seen as `` catering to the people to appease them '' . 
  i think the press reaction should rather be seen as evidence of just how fucked merkel is already . 
  i dont think shell get reelected , no matter what she does . 
  who she is as a politician is now well established , and i think/hope germans wont reelect her , because of that . 
  anything even remotely related to foreigners and to potential mistreatments of foreigners in germany is extremely volatile on a political level . 
  goes back to the nazi era , and the way germay teaches its children . 
  `` never again '' is very much burned into us from very early on . 
  the connection here is more subtle , but its there . 
  and as such , people were/are avoiding anything that might incite public anger towards refugees and/or immigrants . 
  -- everything related to the nazi era completely throws off german sensibilities in a way that ( from the outside ) must seem completely unpredictable . 
  for germans , this is just another day in germany , when it comes to the overall reaction ( not the incident itself , i want to seperate that here clearly ) . 
  some will react with anger , cause theyre tired of it , some with disappointment , some with apathy and/or a general feeling of `` this is just the way it is in germany '' ( like i am doing right now ) . 
  asking germans to react differently is essentially equivalent to asking them not to be german anymore . 
  it will take time to move away from this thinking , and frankly , seeing how the us is handling racial inequality and the issue of race overall even today , im not sure ill live to see the day where we move away from handling things in this fashion . 
  however , incidents like this one will force rethinking in german politics and germans overall , and as such something good may have come out of it afterall , if germany actually learns from the mistakes here . 
  however little good it may be . 
  how long , if i may ask ? 
  cause ive been born here , and i can tell you nothing about the way this was or is being handled right now surprises me in any way shape or form . 
  this will not impact political credibility , cause people know this is what he , as a public german figure , `` has to say '' . 
  never been to germany , eh ? 
   i think the political left in germany has to do some soul searching for pretending that all refugees are of good faith . 
  topkek . 
  [ they still believe that most of them are of good faith . 
  nothing has changed in that respect . 
  and knowing german politicians , i doubt that ever will change , unless it becomes politically completely unviable . 
  you shouldnt . 
  you should doubt everything . 
  even your own doubts . 
  in this particular context even wikipedia , as its been shown to contain biased articles on these subjects as well . 
  as a rule , you should use your own brain , however that requires that you are aware of the limitations of your own knowledge , and that you are aware enought to recognize when someone is trying to sell you on an idea in an obvious or subtle attempt to win you for their side . 
  this sort of thing is not easy to deal with , unfortunately . 
  especially when youre further away from it . 
  you cant convey german culture to outsiders within a few paragraphs or even a few articles , and a lot of the inaccuracies or misunderstandings or even misrepresentations ive seen can be traced back to that . 
  unfortunately , outsiders likely will not properly understand this until germany has already dealth with it on its own and can divert attention to properly explaining the intrecacies of the reasons for each decision along the way . 
  sorry about that long post , i just felt i had to answer this question in a serious manner , as ive seen oh so many mistakes made in the past week or so in this regard . 
  fair point , and well said . 
  i was thinking about editting my comment to account for this inaccuracy , but i believe its fine to simply let it stand with your correction . 
  for the record : there is bias here , both in the comments and in the article . 
  be careful of value judgements such as `` worlds leading xyz '' ; they tend to contain hidden bias . 
  when did merkel become `` extreme left '' ? 
  seriously , i have no idea when this was supposed to have happened . 
  traditionally , the cdu/csu would be a centre party , wouldnt it ? 
  maybe even more on the right than most other parties in germany these days ? 
  just for the sake of precision : there is bias here , even if its carefully hidden , and arguably unimportant . 
  for slightly more detail , check [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/405bkg/chaos_and_violence_how_new_years_eve_in_cologne/cyrm3wi ), 
   unbiased as a german , i can tell you that there is bias there . 
  the `` dancer criminals '' usually are ~ ~ women ~ ~ north african men who target men . 
  but thats been carefully neglected . 
  ( source : the original press conference held by the cologne mayor and police ) alice schwarzer is also widely regarded as a joke by many . 
  id hardly call her a `` leading feminist '' . 
  if anything , shes a shock-jock , with little to no connection to reality . 
  sorry to burst your bubble there , but `` careful wording '' is not a lack of bias . 
  edit : apologies . 
  i found out i had the gender of the `` dancer criminals '' wrong . 
   also , why would i tell the police ( and the media ) about something they can clearly see happening ( they were on scene , after all ) ? 
  because every detail matters , and every bit of information that you can remember that others cant might lead to a suspect being arrested that otherwise wouldve gotten away .
