  society couldnt function like that . 
  every society always sacrifices at least some freedoms to function , and to live in peace . 
  that said , at some point you do have to draw a line . 
  at some point the return in safety is no longer worth the liberties youre sacrificing to * gain * said safety . 
  and sadly , that line depends on the overall situation in the country and/or the world . 
  sure , its more pithy to say what franklin said , but it oversimplifies a complicated issue . 
  frankly , i think its about time societies started reevaluating civil liberties on a democratic basis . 
  i e. have some constitutional conventions or assemblies in order to reexamine our most basic laws based on the current state of the world . 
  even the german constitution , which is relatively new ( ~ 1950s iirc ) , is outdated from what i can tell . 
  i think you have to allow ghostery to collect data , though . 
  not entirely sure , tbh. , but theres an option you can click or unclick . 
  luckily , im a free-loading bastard . 
  weird question : i use ghostery to block all those buttons . 
  do they still get userdata from me then ? 
  if there is a case where german courts decided to allow it , im not sure itll be overturned just like that ... 
  heres something you might not find surprising : i dont have a facebook account , but when i budged and tried to make one , facebook immediately recommended friends i went to school with , and shit like that . 
  that was 5 years ago . 
  creeped me out so much i never made an account . 
  and i never will so i dont see it as particularily surprising that facebook stores this data . 
  more that it actually took the courts so long to actually find out about it . 
   i mean come on . 
  you 're not wrong that there 's bullshit happening in the major news houses , but at least look at it with both eyes open . 
  im not 100 % buying it . 
  if you think i am , youre a moron . 
  i dont even know how you reached that conclusion . 
  im buying the data until i see contradictory data . 
   the author is n't quoting anyone there , he 's saying right out that the mainstream media is left-wing , which is just nonsense . 
  ok , sounds like basic propaganda to me . 
  not exactly new . 
   you will take information from that source as fact ? 
  i will take it at face value until contradictory data is presented , that boasts better credentials . 
  as i do with everything that passes a simple `` does it sound half-reasonable ? '', 
  test . 
   the reason why you 're looking at this article is because it got voted up on / r/europe and it got voted up here because it agrees with the narrative that many here are pushing . 
  not because it 's true or well written . 
  actually its cause i saw it on / r/all , next to a whole shitload of other articles . 
  it stuck out at me cause it covers germany , which you dont see too often on reddit . 
  -- you seem to be under the impression that i eat all that shit right up . 
  let me reassure you here : im not . 
  im making up my own mind based on the information presented here , and possible motivations of a media outlet . 
  you can bet your ass im not buying the `` news arent decided top down '' line , for example . 
  an editor always has last say on how a published work looks , and a few key words here and there will make all the difference in the world . 
  the trick is to make a judgement about potential motivations as to why someone posted/wrote/published the article , and then move from there . 
  you can consume an article , even when its filled with lies , and still come out with more or better information than before . 
  didnt think id have to explain something as basic as that ... 
  i didnt read it like that at all . 
  i read it as though theres some incidental overlap with the pegida movement . 
  we all know pegida is fringe at best , and no way in hell has 44 % supporting them . 
  the number basically disconnects pegida from people who believe the media are lying . 
  at least that was * my * reading . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i basically only ever browse / r/all if i want to be informed , where i filter the extreme subs , but never any `` news '' subs . 
  on the other hand , i regularily look at / r/europe , even though i think its a shitfest for the most part . 
  theres some self-responsibility involved here , that you as a citizen have in order to stay informed . 
  noones going to spoonfeed you a good mix of news . 
  sure , theres `` feel good '' subs too , but if you want to use reddit as a tool for finding news , you need to be responsible , and pick news sources you might not agree with . 
   germany 's national news broadcast , tagesschau , formulated the same story thus : `` the islamophobe and right-wing populist politician , geert wilders ... '' this is worrying , but sadly not surprising . 
  : s worst part is : im paying for this shit ... this however is something i have a different view on :  germany is also unusual when it comes to media descriptions of criminals . 
  tichy was forbidden by court order to write the name of an economic fraudster , who , after being released from jail , was once again trying to acquire investors for dubious oil shares . 
   `` here we have a situation in which journalists are forced to conceal the truth , '' he said . 
  the german press council 's press code prevents journalists from writing about the ethnic background or religious affiliations of accused or convicted criminals except in exceptional cases . 
  `` is that protection or censorship ? '', 
  it is both ( protection * and * censorship ) . 
  protection for anyone committing a crime , in order to prevent hate mobs . 
  which is effective , and frankly a good thing . 
  the justice system exists to handle these cases , and an angry mob will always be less informed . 
  i never got behind the concept of public shaming . 
  it seems downright midieval/barbaric to me . 
  someone did something wrong ? 
  better make sure the whole damn world knows about it , ensuring they might get random acts of hatred from basically anyone . 
  i dont think this has a place in this article . 
  but at least theres some heartening news at the end :  nevertheless , in a yougov opinion poll last year , 47 percent of respondents considered german reporting on the ukraine crisis to be one-sided . 
  and only 40 percent said they believed that the german press was objective and independent . 
  people arent buying media crap as much anymore . 
  then noone is actually a muslim and the designation is pointless . 
  dont think they are . 
  the beauty about religion is that there are inconsistencies within them all the time , which mean noone can ever be a `` true christian '' or a `` true muslim '' , simply cause theres no such thing . 
  by your logic , noone is muslim , christian , or for that matter even jewish . 
  which is why its retarded to say `` a muslim that does n't follow the quran is no muslim . '', 
  you cant just `` follow the quran '' . 
  theres always interpretation in between . 
  just like theres interpretation involved in following the bible ... i hate when people try to use this line of reasoning . 
  it tries to be cut and dry on a subject that by its very nature simply isnt . 
  sooo , there are no muslims out there ? 
  do i understand you right ? 
  cause theres no possible way * anyone * actually follows every single thing thats in there . 
   is that really an argument an intelligent person makes ? 
  well . . yeah . 
  arguing that you cant possibly know what youre talking about is a pretty damn important argument to make , when you make claims like that . 
  example : `` i know japan will kill the rest of the world '' is a meaningless statement without knowledge or data to back it up . 
  and you simply cant have data to back up the claim that the eea actually benefits all countries equally , which makes your point horseshit . 
  actually worse thant that , cause at least horseshit has an application . 
   no , you 're baselessly accusing me without actually argumenting why my arguments and way of thinking are `` shit '' . 
  now youve shifted the accusation . 
  first it was a personal attack , now its a baseless accusation . 
  which is it ? 
  cause its also not exactly baseless . 
  you want to isolate yourself from the muslim wolrd , and apparently dont give a fuck if they live or die , which to me sais that you dont like to look beyond the edge of your own plate . 
  now , you can say thats an inaccurate observation , but frankly , theres no reason for me to believe your judgement over my own , so it would be pointless to make this point towards me . 
   anyway , you proved to be excrutiatingly arrogant and unwilling to partake in a civilized debate , thus consider this my goodbye .
