  oh , dont forget all the pork that gets eaten there . 
  but please , treat this for what it is . 
  i believe you . 
  saw something similar happen a little while ago . 
  things that insult islam are a trigger for some muslims . 
  another anecdote , if youre interested : i should preface this by saying i dont have much contact with muslims , this guy was an exception , and im not sure if he truely is representative . 
  he was very friendly , very relaxed , etc.etc. , got along just fine . 
  until someone in the group started mentioning that he considered the way jews and muslims slaughter animals ( theres a special name for it , i dont know the english term ) animal cruelty . 
  once that happened , he exploded , how this is intolerant towards muslims and islam , and how the guy in question should not be allowed to say this . 
  the discussion became derailed , and essentially became a shitfest of someone trying to justify his own religious believes . 
  every fucked up little thing you can think of , notably including muslim treatment of women , and the believe that the earth is ~ 5k years old , and only islam is the true belief . 
  he was an okay enough guy before then ( not someone i got along with , but okay ) . 
  but once something went against his belief/religion , bamm !, 
  he became irrational . 
  -- to bring it back to the original point : i can actually believe op when he sais it became a problem , once something went against muslim beliefs , cause ive actually seen this happen myself . 
  that said , im still willing to give muslims overall the benefit of the doubt , cause i dont think this guy was representative of the entire religion or group . 
  nah , he shouldve restrained him and called the cops . 
  by german law , you had the right to hold the person in question until the police arrived , and file assault charges , if you so desired . 
  just putting it out there . 
  its not that they/we `` want to attone '' . 
  i think thats a mischaracterization . 
  i think if i were to put it into words , its that the heinousness of the third reich is taught from birth many times . 
  and its practically hammered into you : never again !!!, 
  as a result , germany has * probably * the most progressive constitution you will currently find , when it comes to overall human and social rights , which is a good thing , but its also a bit of a pussy in foreign politics . 
  -- now , as a little bonus , a little insight into the german psyche : if you think we dont see the problem inherent with trying to integrate 800k muslims into a predominantly secular and/or christian society , youre wrong . 
  im betting , that if you talk to any german privately , theyre sorely aware of the logistical and cultural troubles that taking these people in will actually mean . 
  any german ive talked to certainly is . 
  the problem is * saying it in public * . 
  to bring that in context with the current situation : if germans talk about a topic that is for all intents and purposes `` taboo '' , you * know * its bad . 
  in my experience most germans only tend to speak out , once things are near the breaking point , and will try to `` make it work '' up until then . 
  -- take me for example : i have no problem saying that i had worries from the very beginning about integrating 800k muslims . 
  my posting history in / r/europe will certainly attest to that . 
  but i probably wouldnt say what ive been saying on this forum in public , due to the way it would be percieved . 
  there are exceptions to every rule , but in general , this is how i would say the topic of the difficulty of integration and feasibility is treated in germany . 
  taboo . 
  never going to happen , for one simple reason : its an easy political attack vector . 
  imagine any politician saying this . 
  probably the hour after the statement hell be labelled as a nazi , or `` foreigner-hostile '' cause its a cheap and effective attack on that person , that might just cost him or her some votes . 
  actually im not talking about the rape part ( which is also fucked up , but considered fucked up regardless of culture ) , but rather about the `` husbands not wanting them anymore '' part . 
  imagine having to go through this , and then losing your husband as well , presumably the person you relied on for support ( both financially and emotionally ) . 
  and the worst part is , in a culture like that , its entirely possible shell never be married or wanted again . 
   there many syrian women who had to go to turkey because they were raped and their husbands didnt want them anymore that is incredibly fucked up ... 
  is it bad that im not even amazed anymore ? 
  sorry , this became another longer answer , hope this wont deter you , even if i went a bit off-topic at times . 
  -- the flag is accurate , yes . 
  i honestly think most people simply think of the refugees as leechers . 
  people who take , but wont give back to the community . 
  theres also bad experience in germany specifically with turkish people , who to a large degree failed to integrate into german culture , though arguably germany itself is at fault here . 
  i think people are in general not seeing the bigger issue the federal government in germany is trying to adress , namely our ageing population . 
  and the federal government has longsince decided to combat this phenomenon with immigration . 
  getting a large group of refugees promises to at least stall the retirement issue for a long period of time , arguably long enough for people currently looking at their pensions not to have to worry . 
  people such as angela merkel , i might add . 
  i think people * are * afraid of losing their culture , or losing what makes germany germany . 
  they are afraid of change , and of the impact a large group of people from a foreign country , whose children potentially will even outnumber the children of `` current germans '' , can have . 
  if that fear is justified or sensible is hard to say , but ultimately , i think merkel is guided by good old fashioned pragmatism in her decision , even though it ** might ** be short sighted . 
  cause theres two ways i can see this going : 1 ) the syrians will culturally adopt german values and german culture , which means eventually they will start having less children too . 
  this will mean that immigration was only a stopgap , and yet another infusion of fresh blood will be needed . 
  2 ) the syrians will share a similar fate to the turks which came to germany not too long ago , and essentially form a culture within german culture . 
  seperate from overall german values . 
  that will mean that potentially the children problem is no longer an issue , but we will get another problem , namely cultural tension . 
  i hope im wrong , but thats my take on the situation , at least when it comes to what will happen * to germans * . 
  for the refugees , this is undoubtedly a step up from what they used to have . 
  to put all this into perspective , 800k people is roughly 1 % of the german population . 
  thats a considerable number . 
  -- but back to the original point : why would people not want immigrants ? 
  well , it always comes down to fear . 
  believe it or not , the jobmarket in germany isnt all hugs and puppies either . 
  the religious tensions that are likely to happen arent something i look forward to , either . 
  i myself am atheistic , so this part is especially uncomfortable for me . 
  some people are undoubtedly afraid , that we are letting a few terrorists into the country along with all those refugees . 
  and some people are just good old fashioned neo-nazis , who dont like foreigners on principle . 
  and , of course , theres the group i mentioned at the very start ( the one i think is likely the biggest one ) , which thinks that refugees likely wont contribute to society and only take , not give ( a fallacy , at least in the long term , but an understandable one ) . 
  i think nailing it down to one specific reason is fundamentally wrong . 
  its likely a multitude of reasons , and a multitude of people trying to justify their own fear . 
  im a bit worrysome myself , as ive hinted towards in the very beginning of my post . 
  on national pride : something about pride in general , that my german teacher ( read : literature teacher ) used to tell me : pride separates . 
  pride means you are expressing something to be good , that someone else is not , and therefore it inherently separates you from other people , by bringing those closer together who are in the group . 
  its an inherent problem when it comes to integration , and imo also ( and i know this might seem a bit off-topic ) when it comes to the way blacks are treated in america . 
  though the simple fact that they are physically distinct means that it may not matter whether or not they have pride . 
  pride protects you , by bringing the group closer together . 
  but it also separates you from people outside the group , potentially creating a society within society . 
  this really stuck with me , when she explained it more than a decade ago now . 
  something to think about . 
   gee , this really got off topic ... it is . 
  but nonetheless interesting , since im not that familiar with eastern european history . 
  thank you for sharing and explaining . 
  this has been a very pleasant exchange . 
  hope well do it again sometime . 
  cheerio , 
  i dont think theres much more to be said on the first part of the conversation , so ill just jump to the second bit : i thought `` german '' , cause germans are generally averse to flag waving . 
  its taught from birth that `` nationalism is bad '' , and that leads to this idea that first , germans arent proud of their country ( though that seems to be changing a bit ) , and second anything involving public displays of national pride is seen with dismay . 
  so im not sure if this counts in this context . 
    does it really matter where i 'm from ? 
  ive often wondered that . 
  in my experience , especially in conversations with americans , it has become more and more important on reddit . 
  cause whether or not americans want to believe it , there actually still is a cultural gap about what is and isnt accetable , and i was/am getting more and more sick of having to explain cultural differences that cause differences in thought . 
   latvians and lithuanians are often grouped together because we speak baltic languages , but culturally we are closer to estonians , and also heavily influenced by germans and swedes . 
  interesting . 
  is it due to the previous extension of prussia into the general area ? 
   in a sense they are right , but if one person hears that germany is giving out free housing , allowance etc. . . then the word will spread quickly .
