  thats my view on it anyway ... 
  not neccessarily killed , but bankrupt . 
  insurance costs could rise , etc. 
  etc. . . its still a clusterfuck , and frankly im not convinced this actually benefits consumers in the eu at all . 
  most if not all of the benefits ive seen are to companies rather than anyone else . 
  thats why theres such a huge protest in germany . 
  those are the true points against this trade agreement . 
  and while its true that its based on potentially incomplete information , i think the concerns that arise from this are valid . 
   remember when they said that removing standardized packing sizes would be a net positive ? 
  i dont actually . 
  i havent even noticed it in german supermarkets . 
  i still buy 1l / 1.5 l bottles , i still buy 500g butter , etc. 
  can you give some examples as to what changed and where ? 
   that free trade is a net positive . 
  for * whom * ? 
  a `` net positive '' can take * many * different forms , not all of which will be beneficial to the vast majority of citizens , even if its a monetary net positive . 
  `` net positive '' is a catch-all term that means nothing so long as you dont know the exact criteria involved in reaching this decision . 
  also , your `` source '' is a panel of us economists arguing over a completely diiferent free trade agreement . 
  from everything weve actually heard about ttip , im not sure id call it a `` free trade '' agreement . 
  this also downplays associated concerns regarding consumer protection , and pharmaceutical competition , not to mention copyright law , which seem like they would be completely justified ( the concerns ) . 
   you are really distorting the facts . 
  id throw this statement right back at you at this point . 
   as are all international negotitions . 
  you are correct , in that international negotiations are usually held in private , however i would argue that an agreement of this importance , which has been subject ot sooo much specualtion at this point warrants being in the public eye , so people can appropriately respond to it , and maybe go over it more thoroughly . 
  its ... difficult to say without actually knowing everything about this agreement , but in general , im scared to shits that the consumer protection and medical benefits we currently enjoy in europe will suddendly come under attack , and well be faced with american realities of maybe going bankrupt so we dont die , or getting downright ridiculous copyright laws ( urheberrecht in germany is basedon entirely different principles , and frankly , thats a good thing ) . 
  -- as a closing thought i would say the following : ** money isnt everything ** . 
  some things should not be sacrificed for economic growth , and frankly , i think based on what i saw in regards to this `` free '' trade agreement , this agreement probably * wont * be a `` net positive '' . 
   ( karl marx , communist manifesto , etc. ), 
  dont forget engels . 
  everyone always forgets engels ...  ( international courts deciding instead of our lawmakers ? 
  no way to appeal and said courts are held by a corporation-appointed tribunal , instead of democratically elected officials ? 
  if that holds true , i suspect any party that will promise to undo this trade deal might veeeery quickly gain votes , assuming it passes to begin with . 
  tbh , i still am , but thats besides the point here . 
  im not going to promote this view , cause i think ultimately , whats important is that you treat people with respect . 
  live and let live , you know ? 
  but a view like this is not something that you shake easily ; for me it comes down to an aversion to `` pretending reality isnt real '' , if that makes sense ... like i said , im not gon na spread this view , cause honestly i think its personal distaste rather than founded in science , and as such has little basis to stand on . 
  i just cant seem to get rid of it . 
  -- but back to the point : in order to prohibit something on the basis of `` youth protection '' , it has to actually * endanger * the youth to begin with . 
  and politically inexpedient views have so far been exempt from this . 
  if that ever changes , i suspect the government will have riots on its hands . 
  its not * quite * as bad imo . 
  our politicians are still reasonable by comparison . 
  a friend of mine had actually problems with customs for `` importing unconstitutional symbols '' . 
  had to go to the toll station himself and show them that what he important wasnt nazi stuff , but rather `` wh40k '' stuff . 
  depends on the person . 
  i , for one , would be probably be so completely fucked up , i might not even want to live anymore , and decide to first take out the judge that caused me that misery . 
  but , my perspective is not the only one out there of course . 
  im doubtful this can come about . 
  the correlation to `` harm to the child '' is simply too low . 
  have you seen the warhammer 40k version of that eagle ? 
  let me guess : youre from saxony . 
  i like the british flag . 
  couldnt tell you why . 
  have you ever considered that the justification might actually be correct in many of these cases ? 
  do you know how strict german law is when it comes to child abuse ? 
  im not stereotyping anything . 
  its just my guess as to how this fame came about . 
  i can be completely wrong , and will gladly admit so , if anyone can bring something more substantial to the table . 
  -- this is just on the side : stereotyping per se is * not * a bad thing . 
  the problem only arises when one is either unaware certain things are a stereotype , or one is unwilling to accept being wrong when presented with contradicting evidence . 
  strictly speaking * everyone * is stereotyping on a daily basis . 
  i bet some people simply arent aware of it . 
  example : `` jugendamt is infamous for xyz '' is a stereotype . 
  if i were to take a guess based on what i know from a few eastern european friends , id say its cause these children were beaten . 
  i know from said friends that beating your kids ( even with a leather belt ) was quite common back then , especially in families of russian origin , potentially polish too . 
  unfortunately in germany , this is seen as child abuse , and grounds for your kids to be taken away . 
  so without seeing specific cases , i dont think the jugendamt is quite as bad as you make it out to be , and my first assumption would be that theres a cultural/legal disconnect here . 
  if you have some specific cases , feel free to link them . 
  i have never heard of anything like that . 
  ever . 
  so either theyre better at covering their tracks , or youre just making this up , or the cases arent * actually * comparable , or i dont read enough newspapers . 
  i mean its worse than that , isnt it ? 
  they saw their child was ill and did what they were supposed to do , take it to the doctor/hospital . 
  there , instead of helping the child , they took it away , and now they will likely never see it again . 
  despite doing everything they were supposed to . 
  if i were them , id see no reason to ever have faith/trust in justice or the government again . 
  i mean this is * really * nightmarish stuff . 
  this should * not * be happening in a modern society . 
  if this sort of thing happens to you ... it can break you . 
  imagine that , despite everything , these two people decided to have kids * again * . 
  what if that kid got sick ? 
  why would they go to a hospital again ? 
  theyd ( rightfully ) be scared to shits that * this kid * would be taken away as well . 
  this sort of thing just completely fucks you over . 
  * someone * screwed up there . 
  someone decided to leap before they looked , and put the kid into a different family before checking if the parents were actually abusive . 
  and frankly , they should be punished for that , and the kid * returned to the parents * . 
  this is the sort of thing that could potentially turn someone criminal , even if they were the best human being you could possibly imagine . 
  frankly , i dont want to see this article again , cause it riles me up to such an unreasonable degree ... its just sooooo wrong . 
  this is the stuff nightmares are made of . 
  imagine being one of the two parents . 
  id be tempted to kill the judge in this situation . 
  honest to fucking god . 
  i can assure you , this is not accurate . 
  we are quite worried . 
  im all tapped out for time right now , sorry . 
  ive ordered like three heavy books recently , two of them on general relativity cause i didnt have it at university and am really curious about it . 
  so ill have to take your word for it , though it does sound plausible ( like many suggestions her ) . 
  ummmm ... last i checked they * didnt * . 
  i can be wrong though .
