  there are people who want to work under certain conditions only , i wont deny that , and there are people who by all rights * should * earn more . 
  the market does get things wrong at times , and honestly , i dont think the current form of capitalism is long-term sustainable , especially with automation advancing as fast as it does . 
  : s well see how this problem will be approached ... 
  the point was that people actually want to work , id say what you wrote is meant to confirm that , but im not sure , your statistic at the end is throwing me off a bit . 
  what did you want to point out with it ? 
  a fair point . 
  i just think that `` public opinion '' is too fickle to actually go by in any meaningful way , and sometimes even to placate it with a gesture . 
  i mean , a few weeks ago , most germans embraced the refugees with open arms . 
  i think this whole damn thing couldve been avoided if merkel had used that big ol noggen of hers and gone by a rational decision , rather than what appearantly was pure populism : s. 
   so your social surrounding was different just like mine . 
  lucky situation . 
  unfortunately its not like that everywhere . 
  met a guy who went all around germany doing seminars for unemployed people . 
  he basically told me the same damn thing . 
  unemployed people dont want to be . 
  might be a german thing . 
  when you look at `` happyness '' ( i think it was happyness ) among unemployed people in germany , were lowest ranking in these stats iirc . 
  people joke about `` w\u00f6rk '' culture in germany in a certain subreddit i shall not name , but honestly , theres something true to it . 
  work , for germans , isnt * just * work . 
  its a form of social status , and a form of fulfillment . 
  it * might * be cultural , but honestly , i dont think so . 
  it seems more likely that the all too common `` moocher '' accusation for unemployed people is just a fucking excuse people like to use to push on people , who for all intents and purposes cant push back and are dependant on wellfare . 
  : s it really has been * that rare * for me to find someone who enjoyed being unemployed . 
  the thing i heard described as the worst is the sheer boredom . 
  you get enough to survive , but not really enough to live , and that part gnaws at you . 
  it psychologically breaks you veeeeeery slowly . 
  that you cant live without people around you inviting you to shit , and essentially paying for you . 
  and in germany , expensive gifts will actually have to be reported to the unemployment agency , and your stipend will be adjusted . 
  unemployment is one of the most psychologically breaking things you can imagine . 
  i find it very hard to believe that even 10 % would enjoy mooching , and being unemployed . 
  and fuck , even if 50 % were in fact like that , youd be making life incredibly much worse for the other 50 % , to the point where i say its not justifyable , even if we were at 50 % of people actually being moochers . 
  sorry , in this regard i wont budge . 
  like i said , i have a very strong opinion here , cause ive actually seen what unemployment , especially long term unemployment , does to people . 
  its not all hugs , puppies , and bunnies . 
  its one of the most psychologically taxing experiences you can imagine . 
  some people even become suicidal . 
  thing is , in some cases you * have * to go against public will , in order to do whats best for the public . 
  sometimes people in power * do * actually know better . 
  i dont know if this is the case here , im just saying , theres a reason we have a parliamentary/representative democracy . 
  we did experiment with `` purer '' forms of democracy in the weimar republic , and it kinda failed spectacularily ... so im * really * torn on this . 
  id rather base my opinion on this on expert opinion and numbers , than on the will of the majority . 
   people want to work , until they realize it means scrubbing toilets for the minimum wage . 
  a lot of the people i met actually * didnt * feel that way . 
  you know that `` 1 $ job '' innitiative germany has/had ( not sure if it still exists ) ? 
  where people essentially work for 1 $ an hour ? 
  these `` jobs '' are mostly filled by * volunteers * , not people who are forced . 
  this seems to contradict your impression work isnt * just * about earning a living for many , its also something worth doing , no matter how seemingly insignificant  how do you socially expel people that are not integrated yet ? 
  ah , a fair point based on the original meaning of the word ostrachismos . 
  got ta give credit to that . 
  but i think you know what i mean . 
  theyll be socially cut off from working people . 
  and thats not desirable for anyone . 
  trust me on this one . 
   i do n't doubt they feel gratitude - at first , but once they realize germany doesnt operate quid pro quo but that they have rights to things and their gratitude matters little , it will change time will tell . 
  its also a question of how germany will integrate these people , and jobs are a huge part of that . 
  in that germany will have to help these people find jobs . 
   maybe they never got an absolute majority of the seats , but they were the biggest party , if you think the cdu was elected with a mandate in the last 3 elections , then so were the nazis fair point . 
  im just saying that they couldnt have done anything without the other parties . 
   `` a third of our people are retarded , how would we convince them otherwise ? '', 
  it was actually a fourth of the population . 
  i remember , cause they used cartman in the group as an example . 
   instead of wasting time talking about rape you are better talking to them about how to properly behave around women ( no gawking , respectful tone etc. . ) . 
  good luck with that ... im betting at home theyll see a somewhat different behaviour . 
  this sort of cultural difference does not disappear within a few years or even decades . 
  it takes generations to take hold , and a movement from within that particular society . 
  thats how the west adopted womens rights to begin with iirc . 
   make them take jobs cutting benefits is something im not sure will actually help . 
  it will help with the moochers , the ones who * truely * dont want to work . 
  however theres a point to be made that germany doesnt have the best job market right now , either . 
  and im sure there are actually lots of people who * want * to work . 
  trust me : the social ostracising you get from not having a job , and the stigma of `` being a moocher '' is pretty damn bad in germany if youre unemployed . 
  most people i met who were unemployed didnt want to be . 
  they tried everything they could to actually get a job . 
  this is something where i actually have a very strong opinion on : unemployment is in the vast majority of cases not a state of choice . 
  most people who are unemployed dont actually * want * to be unemployed . 
  and honestly , i do * not * blame economic migrants either . 
  i dont think we can take them all , but in the end , economic migrants are a natural evolution due to the sheer difference between europe and the middle east . 
  i think that long term , the current form of capitalism is unsustainable ... but , thats a very big issue i do not care to get into right now . 
  maybe later today . 
   she could n't have been deafened to those warnings . 
  actually she very well could have been , simply due to the constant noise coming her way . 
  you know how sometimes you do something , even though everyone around you told you to not do it and warned you ? 
  its like that , only on a political scale . 
  yes , were all still humans , even politicians , and can still make that fucking silly mistake . 
  i think she simply may have been blinded by something else . 
  like say ... her idealism ( unlikely ) , or her fear of being branded a nazi ( more likely , but still unlikely ) , or her desire to `` please the populus '' ( most plausible imo ) . 
  i really have nothing else to say on this , cause it has all been said . 
  well see what comes next . 
  at this point , i dont know what to say anymore ... im not sure if she even foresaw the possibility of this outcome ... 
   the nazi party were democratically elected on an anti-jew mandate if memory serves , they never held a true majority though . 
  just enough votes to constantly keep the weimar republic in deadlock , forcing constant reelections , which resulted in the major parties trying to placate the party by giving hitler a major position in the government . 
    it seems to me that if you 're pursuing a political agenda which 80 % of the population opposes then such parties are the real extremists . 
   true , but this would be more extreme from an anti-democratic point of view , i think . 
  not entirely true imo . 
  extremism isnt decided by majority vote , but rather by whether or not people are tending too far in a single direction on one issue . 
  even a majority of people can still be extreme . 
  id have to rewatch it . 
  been a while . 
  well ... if/when push comes to shove , laws can be changed . 
  just putting it out there .
