  -- there are a lot of disagreements even on those three topics , that depend upon the individual culture . 
  `` freedom '' would ultimately mean that you answer `` no '' to all those question , if exercised in its purest form . 
  luckily , its not exercised in its purest form anywhere to my knowledge . 
   those things are clearly physical violence or assault , so i guess it 's a problem of translation that you include that along with verbal or written insults in the same law , but call it a law against `` insults '' . 
  no , its not a translational error . 
  it depends on the situation whether youre charged with assault or insult in these cases . 
  these examples i listed are whats called a `` physical insult '' . 
  im not 100 % sure , but you might actually be charged with both . 
   why did it insult you ? 
  that 's the point i 'm trying to make . 
  i know it is . 
  but insults dont always insult you cause theres truth to them . 
  sometimes they insult you just cause you dont like being called an elephant , even if you are as fat as one . 
   if you look like a nordic mythological figure and i call you a yellow-faced sand-eater , it 's not insulting because it 's obviously not true . 
  truth has nothing to do with the insult in german law . 
  all that matters is whether or not the insult can be classified as insulting , in one way or the other . 
  in the case you mentioned , it might be insulting cause to the person in question takes great pride in looking like a figure from norse mythology or whatever . 
  if you speak german , i can offer you this [ wiki article ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/beleidigung_ ( deutschland \\ ) ) . 
  im afraid there isnt an english one . 
   conversely , i find the notion that people should simply punch you in the face if they find you annoying , or their `` honor '' is affected , to be equally absurd . 
  right . 
  and there we have it . 
  whether or not its included in `` liberty '' comes down to the individual culture , sometimes even the person . 
  the notion that mental and physical abuse are to be seen as seperate , and mental abuse is supposed to be nonpunishable , cause theres no physical violence , is naive and devoid of reality . 
  if someone annoys you enough , you should have the right to punch them . 
  where exactly the line is , that can be decided by courts . 
   and there we have the root of this . 
  your right to not hear me does not overrule my right to speak . 
  it does in germany , if your right to speak infringes upon my right to `` intact honor '' ( or whatever its called ) . 
  frankly , i find it a good thing to have the mental well-being included in the law , as well as the physical well-being . 
   the attitude that i must be silenced because of your discomfort you didnt read closely enough . 
  `` discomfort '' would not qualify as `` insult '' . 
  i told you this already in the ~ 2nd comment . 
  it has to attack the `` honor '' of the person in question . 
  examples : you cant say to someone `` youre an asshole '' , `` you look like an asshole '' or `` you look like a cow shit all over a statue '' . 
  you cant moon someone . 
  you cant spit in someones face . 
  you can do a play on how christians murdered arabs in the middle east during the crucades , even though some people might be offended . 
  ( another law is important here , the law against `` volksverhetzung '' , which prevents stuff like holocaust denial , but thats even more complicated ) . 
  you can take a shit in public on the quran ( though youll likely be charged for public indecency ) . 
  you can criticize muslim practices , so long as you stay away from statements such as `` all muslims are slaughterers '' . 
  hope this helped clarify the law somewhat . 
  --  i want society to try to maximize freedom , even if that means we have to tolerate things that our `` nature '' wants to eliminate . 
  id rather society tried to maximize happiness or comfort ( so long as realism isnt sacrificed ) . 
  but maybe thats just me . 
   responding with physical violence because you do n't like what someone said about you is the problem , and the solution is not to ban everyone from saying something you might find offensive . 
  you misinterpreted `` insult '' . 
  insult has a very clear definition in german law . 
  it cant just be something you find offensive . 
  it has to directly insult you or a group you belong to , and it cant be persued if the conversation reached a level where insults are to be expected ( again , not making this up ) . 
  insult also covers other things , that might be covered by `` assault '' in other cultures , such as a slap to the face , or spitting into someones face , middle finger , etc. 
   violence is an admission that you ca n't simply dismiss the insult as false no , its an admission that the insult insulted you , which is the point of an insult . 
  whoever came up with this crap is a moron . 
  i dont like the tyrion quote from game of thrones for the same reasons . 
  cutting someones tongue out doesnt mean that you * fear * what said person had to say , it simply means you dont want to * hear * what they have to say , or rather you dont want them to be able to speak . 
  human nature has to be accounted for in our laws , and part of human nature is to punch someone if they keep insulting us . 
  fyi : by german law , if you kept pestering me , and after multiple attempts to verbally shut you up , you still wouldnt do it , id be within my rights to punch you , bacuse of the same principle . 
  you dont have the right to insult or pester other people . 
  interesting sideeffect : cold-calling someone is illegal here due to this as well . 
   that the insulter has hit upon something that you fear to be true about yourself . 
  again , no . 
  it means he insulted you . 
  the root of the insult can be that it hurts your feelings , for whatever reason , or that it `` insults your honor '' , i.e. 
  drags your name through the mud . 
  it can also be something so simple as being overly annoying by repeatedly calling you an idiot , even if theres no truth to it whatsoever . 
  the notion that people should just to be able to take all the verbal abuse theyre confronted with is frankly absurd . 
   ignoring it provides them with no satisfaction at all . 
  ... except the satisfaction of continuously insulting you , and others potentially joining in . 
  -- look , bottom line : from what i can tell , you have no idea what the `` insult '' in german law actually means , and grankly , i think youre naive in thinking that people should just be able to take all the abuse and insults others throw out . 
  human nature makes it abundandly clear that you are wrong here . 
   actually by looking at why he made that statement , was against government snooping on peoples mail , we can kinda presume what kind of freedom he was talking about . 
  noone in europe knows why he made that statement . 
  and its continuously used in a variety of sitatuations which dont neccessarily have something to do with all this surveilance shit . 
   we can kinda presume what kind of freedom he was talking about . 
  i ** still ** have no idea . 
  i presume he meant it as a stance on privacy , but privacy isnt liberty . 
   sorry but why should n't i be able to express my thoughts ? 
  insults are not a bad thing , over political correctness is annoying and really produces nothing but frustration . 
  why do i have to tolerate you insulting me ? 
  punches can be thrown because of insults . 
  shots fired , people stabbed etc. 
  germany has adopted the right to not be insulted , simple as that . 
   the law puts the discussion in a black and white statement which is just wrong . 
  not quite . 
  cause the way insult laws in germany are handled is quite considerate . 
  youd be surprised how many factors go into that decision . 
  maybe we just have a better judicial system overall , but generally , im quite happy with the way things are handled in germany . 
  family courts kinda suck for men , but thats about everything . 
  youre missing the point . 
  the statement by franklin is vague , cause every society defines `` freedom '' or `` liberty '' differently . 
  weve just run through 4 or 5 here in this thread . 
  so : do we all deserve neither liberty nor safety except for the one with the most stringent definition of liberty ? 
  or is it maybe ... just maybe ... the case that `` liberty '' needs to be more clearly defined before this statement can be truely examined for its merits ? 
  just to throw it in : in germany for example , its by law forbidden to insult people . 
  did we give up liberty for doing so ? 
  i dont think so frankly . 
  but americans probably would . 
  are you getting it now ? 
   they manage to live , surrounded by people who have tried on multiple occasions to commit genocide by invading and eliminating israel . 
  they do so by committing atrocities themselves , and the surrounding countries only moved in there , after the israeli state was created out of nothing .
