  but thats another topic . 
  in case you think im not aware : i * am * aware . 
  but i think the only way these morons would learn it is if they saw it with their own eyes . 
  im pretty sure germany wouldnt be as badly of as the other countries ( though itll probably still be bad ) , so i honestly dont give as much of a fuck about it at this point . 
  lets kill it , and let people see what they have been asking for . 
  cause if they think a trade union will still exist when the eu collapses , then they have no fucking clue how politics works . 
  as the old saying goes , `` you cant have your cake and eat it , too '' . 
  i dont watch tv , mate . 
  the media isnt `` feeding me '' anything . 
  i have no idea what youre talking about . 
  were talking about the army , not the economy . 
  paris was taken by june 1940 . thats an incredibly short amount of time for an army that was by all accounts poorly equipped compared to the french , if you think that a small army or poor equipment correllates with poor combat performance youre sorely mistaken . 
  we have a ( very ) small army . 
  not neccessarily a shitty one . 
  just as a little history lesson from before the second world war : our army before ww2 was poorly equipped , and didnt have many members , either . 
  due to restrictions from the contract of versailles . 
  cant sell that to germany , mate . 
  and im pretty sure if that * were * the perfect option to all the country leaders , thats what wed have . 
  edit : on a serious note , do/can you believe half of the shit thats posted in here ? 
  `` the eu should only be a trade union '' , `` its all germanys fault '' . 
  come on , you can see how im fed up with this bullshit . 
  as i said elsewhere here : im actually not comfortable with the decisions germany has made in the past year or so . 
  and that includes the migrant crisis . 
  id actually prefer more input from other states over germany saying `` were doing this '' , and everyone essentially either agreeing or not disagreeing . 
  id prefer it if other states had a more hands on approach in the eu , believe it or not . 
  more eu solutions , rather than trying to say `` no eu solution '' and sticking with that , cause thats what it sounds like to me ... : s sorry , your cliche falls a bit flat here in my honest opinion . 
  i have lost interest in this conversation , sorry . 
  there may be benefits for spain , in spain not being included in the first batch . 
  i wouldnt be doom and gloom about it . 
  whats important is that we move forward , and actually work towards something that actually makes sense and * works * . 
  i dont know how spain is getting along with portugal , but this would seem like an obvious first step in my opinion . 
  it doesnt have to be all one group . 
  why not have many smaller groups , that assimilate to one another , until more or less culturally homogenous , and then move from there ? 
  just a random thought that appeared . 
  so youre saying we should leave these people to their fate in syria ? 
  where theyll be forced to fight for sides that dont have their interest in mind , or be raped or killed ? 
  there is no easy answer here . 
  but believe it or not , i actually dont * like * merkels immigration policy either . 
   i do n't think that european project is about having middle-eastern ghetto in every capital ... now thats a bit of an exaggeration there , isnt it ? 
  i didnt invite * anyone * . 
  and those arent the quotas were talking about here . 
  the quotas were talking about have already been decided , just fyi . 
  the thing i have to say about this is this : wait and see . 
  dont condemn people based on things that havent happened yet . 
  condemn them based on things they have or havent done . 
  and with that i will depart this conversation . 
  you will have to file a request with the proper authorities . 
  the thing is , the eu is very much a multicultural conglomerate already , and ultimately , i think thats the whole idea . 
  i dont think theyll get around this issure forever , and i think it might even be par for the course when it comes to being part of the eu . 
  well see what happens , wont we ? 
   do you realize that we , easterners , do n't have a problem with refugees , i mean i 'm sure romania could handle 10.000 syrian refugees with own funds , even more with eu funds , and we would gladly do that to ease the burden of countries like greece or improve relations with turkey . 
  [ doesnt seem like 10k refugees to me ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/ee3b/production/_85678906_european_commission_quotas-01_v2.png )  our main problem is that we would not receive refugees but some entitled migrants chasing `` european dream '' . 
  and this is because some fuckers ( guess who ) promised them no limit for acceptance , free housing , instant citizenship and nice fat welfare for rest of their life ; and now those fuckers decided to bail out of their promise and impose acceptance quotas to his neighbors `` or else '' . 
  i think its not * quite * the way you paint it here , but w/e . 
  i dont want to argue this anymore . 
  youre just trying to yell at me anyway . 
   how do you believe romania will handle so many migrants while they complain in sweden about walking 30mins to food court . 
  how will those migrants react in romania when they realize that there is no `` european dream '' here , or that we can not give them ~ 1000euros/month as `` refugee salary '' , or that housing is not free or even if is free is only temporary , and that to receive a citizenship they will have to follow a painful process of birocracy which is a lot harder than flipping off some border patrols ? 
  in the way they see fit . 
  we will see , wont we ? 
  i doubt all < 10k of them will be spoiled , entitled assholes . 
   worst part is that those fuckers who worsened this situation do not admit their mistakes and come to a reason with rest of the members but they threaten anyone who do not support them while calling even more migrants . 
  i assume you mean germany , right ? 
  im not sure she will . 
  but well see , if it ever comes to that . 
  the thing is , i think germany as a whole is trying to make this thing work to the best of its ability , and it doesnt quite feel like the other countries are trying as well . 
  frankly , id be happy if i saw more discussion , rather than `` germany wants this '' , `` germany wants that '' . 
  actual discussion between the leaders about policies and principles , that doesnt always come from germany ... thats why i think a reboot would be best . 
  with a focus on only a small number of countries . 
  and leave it at that , until those countries are culturally alike to the point where they agree on a majority of issues . 
  germany and france would be a good starting point imo , maybe austria as well . 
  but idk . 
  its just frustrating to talk about this here . 
  yes it is . 
  cause its not even the only reason thats in there . 
  and especially cause its between france and germany , cause those two countries have a bit of a different history than germany and the world overall . 
  saying the mountain union was founded to `` stop germany from being dick to the world '' ( im paraphrasing ) is a gross oversimplification that doesnt quite account for what really went on . 
  but that point is moot now . 
  again , that * might * not be feasible politically , cause it seems like such a big step backwards ... it also doesnt help that originally it was thought all countries in the eurozone * could * support the euro : s. greece lied , which brought us this whole mess to begin with ... its just fucked up . 
  i think im in the minority in my thinking in germany , but imo , we should call of this failed experiment now , and start over with what we learned in mind . 
  whats the big deal about giving up sovereignity for acceptance of migrants/refugees ? 
  part of the union is accepting that some countries are more burdened by others , namely southern states , which are at the border to zones with refugees . 
  that means its part of the union to accept that you have to ease that burden , even if you ordinarily wouldnt have to settle migrants . 
  i mean , im not a big fan of immigration myself , especially recently it just seems overkill , but i can understand the rationale that went into this decision . 
  ease the burden on borderstates , cause by eu law , people actually have to register in the first country they hit . 
  a country with a central location that it can potentially leverage in negotiations will give up a free trade zone . 
  i dont think you realize how important the central location is to germanys economic success . 
  we get a lot of traffic from other countries just trying to pass through . 
  you wont have to sell it . 
  the german government will . 
  thats the point . 
  a pure trade union would not be politically feasible in germany imo , simply due to past investments . 
  and just fyi , i meant it when i said `` lets kill the union '' . 
  im at the point where i no longer want to have this conglomerate , simply cause it seems to cause more beaurocracy and more problems than it actually solves . 
  not to mention the payments germany has been making for i dont know how long ... it just seems pointless to me . 
  the cultural differences inside europe are too big , the idea of a unified europe seems dead . 
  at least for now . 
  maybe itll get better in time , but i dont expect it to . 
   ask why is the single most influental member of the eu pushing for quotas instead of control . 
  because quotas would automatically introduce control , or at the very least open the discussion .
