  thats why im asking . 
   and we should send them all back . 
  ok . if you dont mind my asking : why ? 
  might be an unpopular question : whats wrong with being an economic migrant ? 
  they did . 
  afaik , though , they explicitly mentioned that the use of this technology/software would be in violation of regulation , legally exculpating them in the process . 
  morally , its another debate . 
  the article mentions it by adding the word `` allegedly '' , meaning there hasnt been proof that this is actually how it went down . 
  but aside from that , i wouldnt be surprised if bosch were to use testing conditions to their advantage . 
   maybe this is a custom we europeans should imitate ... not sure it would work in germany . 
  the way the system is set up means that top officials of any given party will always be elected via the secondary vote , so long as the party beats the 5 % hurdle . 
  one of the disadvantages of our system : s, 
   do you , actually living there , feel that too ? 
  what causes it , relative to other countries ? 
  i actually dont . 
  but that might be because ive got not enough of an ear to the ground . 
  for the eu , generally , germans see the benefit . 
  a lot of the older people actually remember the war , and/or the cold war , and frankly dont want to relive it , so they prefer the peace the union has brought . 
  a lot of them also remember being refugees , or maybe even sheltering refugees , and think that theyd have been glad for any help that would have been offered to them . 
  in general , projected public opinion is also somewhat obscurred by the fact that this is a foreign relations problem , which encompasses certain cultural taboos . 
  what germans say in private , or anonymously is not the same as what they say in public . 
  i think a lot of it comes also down to the fact that germans do band together as germans on forums , cause we are somewhat ... unique ( ? ), 
  in our overall approach to world politics . 
  and noone likes it when their country , and by extension they themselves are attacked . 
  i got a lot of shit in a certain subreddit i wont name , simply cause i refused to define `` us army rangers '' as special forces , based on the german definition of special forces , which would not encompass them . 
  i even stated it explicitly like this , but americans got butthurt . 
  : s nearly all of the people who gave me shit had an american flag . 
  -- you might have to be a bit more specific , so i can give you a better response ( especially when it comes to what we are supposed to be united about ) . 
  the next response will take some time ( again ) . 
  first of all , sorry for the late response . 
  i was kinda busy . 
   you are claiming that germany is using that power to craft a superstate against the will of the other members . 
  that sounds really bad honestly . 
  how can you see that as admirable ? 
  not entirely accurate germany is trying to create what the eu was meant to be from the very get-go , what is in the principal charter , that all member states agreed to . 
  if countries have changed their minds about that , they can leave . 
  simple as that . 
  but so long as the eu exists , and they are a part of it , member states * do * have an obligation towards the eu , in the sense of working towards a united europe . 
  and that means looking for * european * solutions for problems , rather than individual ones . 
  on the other hand : if germany has too strong of a position in europe , the solution is rather simple : band together , and vote for other solutions . 
  the idea that germany is forcing countries into anything at this point is laughable . 
  its fine . 
  hes probably got a point . 
  im not a big fan of gunexports , either , tbh ... its still a different animal compared to the death penalty . 
  the fact that its so final is a major problem , isnt it ? 
  once you executed someone , you cant `` unkill them '' . 
  killing someone should always be last resort . 
  and frankly , if you consider executing someone , that person is already in controlled circumstances , so killing them is unneccessary . 
  thats how i see it anyway . 
  weapons trade and the death penalty are seperate issues though . 
  the death penalty is meant towards your own citizens , which at the point of execution are already in custody , whereas , like it or not , weapons can be used defensively . 
  just saying . 
  might be cramped with a lot of refugees right now . 
  you cool with that ? 
  to be fair , to * me * it feels like germany is the only country thats trying to make the union work as a union , rather than a loose coalition . 
  and that cant be accurate . 
  im kinda hoping france and the uk will get more involved in the union as pro eu , active player . 
  im sure im doing some people a disservice with these statements , so please do correct me . 
  id like to be wrong on this . 
  well , either way im fine . 
  britain hasnt exactly been the most positive player in the eu these last few years . 
  if they want out , let them out . 
  his demands certainly seem absurd for the most part . 
  hard to say * exactly * , cause trade benefits are hard to measure in money directly . 
  however when it comes to money redistribution , the uk does * not * benefit at all , i believe , just like germany and france . 
  if anyone knows better , feel free to educate me , im mighty curious myself . 
  i guess that means `` good bye great britain '' ? 
  the monkey experiment was never done , actually . 
  its a nice story , but thats all it is . 
  again , id say it depends largely on the implementation , as usual with these things . 
  but i suppose we can end it here , 
   the example given was commercials for cigaretts getting shut down . 
   you could argue that htis was specifically targeting a certain group of companies . 
  but would you argue that this entitles them to get money ? 
  cause its definitely not done out of malice . 
  thiss is a shitty example tbh . 
  a better one would be if a company is setting up new businesses in some country , and then once they started building , or are done building stuff , and essentially spending money on local construction , theres a law passed that prohibits their primary business . 
  extremely specific , i know , thats why i said in most cases it wont happen . 
  in some situations , these laws actually * are * rightfully challenged , assuming they are specifically designed to target a certain group of companies , or were introduced maliciously . 
  in most cases , id say youre right , this is bullshit , but i can see fringe cases where it might be a good thing to have , so companies arent getting screwed over by local governments based on whim . 
  actually , im not 100 % on that part . 
  i can see why you would want that in certain circumstances , but as always its a question of implementation . 
  although i will admit it leaves a certain taste in my mouth : s, 
   in austria we actually do it that way now , that supermarkets display the price per kilogram i think it is so you can properly judge how much you are paying . 
  was that not standard before ? 
  in germany we have both displayed . 
  the price of the package , and the price per kg or litre . 
  for decades now , i think . 
  thats sort of what im worried about as well ... 
   the problem is that our government signed a binding contract and we would just `` back out '' . 
  that would ruin our international reputation and make it harder for us to act in our foreign policy . 
  agreed . 
  im not going to pretend there wont be downsides . 
   i 'm not saying it 's impossible or , given the situation , undesirable , but why let it progress to that point in the first place ? 
  because we * might * not have a choice in the matter , and those in power * might * think they can get away with it . 
   we need n't discuss how to extinguish a fire that has n't even started yet and that we can still prevent from happening . 
  actually we kinda do . 
  cause its not a given that we * can * prevent it from happening , given that some people seemingly like arsony . 
  so its good to have a backup plan ready . 
  only if its the same politicians .
