  if they got voted out due to not caving to public pressure ... 
   free trade is the unrestricted exchange of goods and sevices between two countries . 
  regulations can just as well be trade barriers as tariffs , albeit more implicit than ecplicit . 
  doesnt change that the emphasis is elsewhere , and hence the title of the deal has to be something else . 
   which is why the regulatory cooperation is n't focused on just abolishing regulations but harmonizing them . 
  harmonizing them * towards what * ? 
  this can go in either direction . 
   but how do you know what the price is ? 
  i know some of the price is in erosion of consumer strength , and potentially even in a permanent loss of employment . 
  that alone scares me . 
  -- look , bottom line : im not 100 % convinced either way . 
  but im tending towards viewing this `` trade deal '' unfavorably , until proven wrong . 
   if your income increases by $ 100 and mine by $ 10 , we 're both wealthier and income inequality has increased . 
  no , its not . 
  cause you arent accounting for inflation and relative value . 
  this is such a shit argument i hear thrown around all too often . 
  absolute money values are not important , only the relative value is what counts , as it represents how fair a society is . 
  im tired of arguing with you . 
  leave me alone . 
   sure , this deal is n't mainly about tariffs but that does n't mean it 's not a free trade deal . 
  actually , thats precisely what it means . 
  if the main focus is elsewhere , the free trade part of it becomes at best secondary , at worst miniscule . 
   if you for example wish to sell a product that is already approved in your home country in a different country but now have to abide by a completely diferent set of regulations and certifications , that could disincentivize you to invest in that particular country . 
  right , but theres nothing inherently wrong with that . 
  what if the regulation is there to protect people ? 
  fracking has been shown to be harmful to people who live near wells , but its still allowed in the us , not in europe . 
  this isnt inherently good or bad . 
  there are examples for either possibility . 
  personally , id prefer a more local legislation , especially when faced with the real possibility of having us regulations in germany . 
  it outright scares me to have this . 
   maybe the deal will be very beneficilal . 
  every indication tells me that the price is too high as of right now . 
   sure , it is important to be skeptical but at some point reasonable skepticism becomes baseless antagonism . 
  that point comes only when youve been screwed over too often . 
  so arguably our representatives have earned that antagonism . 
  -- all that said , im still enjoying this discourse , even if we seem to disagree a bit here . 
   just thought id throw that in . 
   there 's no reason the two would be exclusive . 
  actually there is , cause income is always relative to your peers . 
  the reason we got overall benefits , and an overall rise in qol is cause of technological advancements , that meant utilizing and exploiting power that is not at the cost of human misery or poverty became possible . 
  it has in general very little to do with trade , beyond the acquisition of the raw materials needed for these technologies , such as e.g. 
  oil . 
   http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_0dfr9yjndclh17m again , from the same site . 
  and again an american site . 
  isnt there something a little less biased you could potentially link ? 
  us economists arent exactly known for having consumers in mind , are they ? 
  wouldnt be the first time international laws would be ignored , now , would it ? 
  not even this year , arguably . 
  this only matters if this is enforcable , which it might well not be . 
  i find it very interesting that this :  preliminary and incomplete . 
  please do not circulate . 
  is in the copy you linked to me xd . 
  at any rate , i wouldnt trust any scientific study on this one , before the effects can actually be measured , seeing as trade has actually increased in the past decades , yet income inequality has * increased * , not decreased . 
  sorry : s ill wait and see what comes of this , rather than take the word of a random stranger with a source of indeterminate credibility , that starts off with `` preliminary and incomplete . 
  please do not circulate . '', 
   no , it 's not . 
  you 're stealing an item or file without paying for it . 
  that 's theft . 
  actually youre not stealing it . 
  youre making an unauthorized copy . 
  the original isnt destroyed , so there isnt property lost as a result of it , therefore it isnt `` theft '' . 
  theres a very important distinction between `` theft '' ( e.g. 
  stealing a dvd from a store ) and `` copyright infringement '' ( downloading said copy from a site , or copying an existing dvd ) . 
   a net positive in the sense that the positive effects of wage increases and cheaper consumer goods outweigh negative effects such as short term losses in employment . 
  ok , see , this is * not * what people are worried about with ttip , so youre scewing the facts a little . 
   what leads you to this conclusion ? 
  the fact that most of what we hear seems to be surrounding patent laws which largely benefit corprations , not to mention extension of copyright laws . 
  by all accounts , this isnt `` free trade '' ; its a corporate power expansion at the expense of the consumer . 
  `` free trade '' is at best a smokescreen , at worst patently untrue . 
   i am not downplaying anything . 
  my comment is n't meant to be a comprehensive outline of my opinion on ttip . 
  fair enough , but you got ta admit theres something fishy about this whole deal . 
   i agree with you that these are valid areas of concern but we can not say how ttip will affect them until an agreement has been finalized . 
  again , fair enough ; i still think theres a point to examining the pros and cons based on the text we already have available , and maybe forcing changes before its too late . 
   the same could have been said about the iran nuclear deal . 
  ummm ... not quite . 
  for the individual consumer , ttip will more directly affect each of their lives , and theyre left out of it , while corporations * do * have a seat at the table . 
   as i said the agreement will have to be ratified by 30 different parliament and will be public months before they will do so . 
  there will be enough time to go over it once we actually now for certain what 's in it . 
  and if theres no election closeby , there may not be enough time to react in any way shape or form . 
  its best to tackle deals like this one as early as possible , since soo much is negotiated in them which affects so many people on a personal level . 
   as i said : wait until the final agreement but it will be extremely likely that ttip will include exceptions for government regulation of healthcare and other public sevices , which is part of the negotiating position of the european commission . 
  i wouldnt count on it . 
  im completely disillusioned with the political process . 
  so long as you dont look at everything our representatives do , these people cant be trusted . 
  well ... at least were not last . 
   do people actually expect these sorts of things to be negotiated in public though ? 
  seems pretty naive to me . 
  i dont . 
  but i see the problematic nature of this , largely because corporate interests seem to be everything that benefits from the deal , based on what has been made public . 
   we voted for these representatives . 
  is n't that indication enough that we trust them to negotiate on our behalf ? 
  actually , no . 
  cause democracy often involves voting for `` the lesser evil '' . 
  that means you often didnt vote for good . 
  you may in fact have still voted for evil . 
   let them do their jobs , and if they fuck up , elect someone else , but do n't take the very powers we bestowed upon them away just because we 're no longer sure we like our choices . 
  you should look at it differently . 
  this is the democratic way to show our elected officials `` we dont like what youre doing , change it '' . 
  its a `` little heads up '' , if you will , to change their behaviour , so they dont get voted out , or so they can demonstrate `` we hear our constituents '' .
