  but im pretty sure the biggest reduction in births didnt come with the advent of medical tech , it came with female hormone based birth control . 
  so in any case , youre better off teaching women and making female birth control widely available . 
   corruption is something you should at least hide from public view . 
  well ... that doesnt actually deal with the problem corruption causes . 
  hiding it from public view means it still exists but people are sneaky about it . 
  the best option is to make it `` taboo '' to take bribes or sth . 
  i think . 
   better survival rates means fewer children and more productive workers . 
  actually it doesnt . 
  survival rates arent correllated with fewer children . 
  * education * , however , especially for women , * is * . 
  that and birth control in general . 
  * there * we go . 
  seriously ? 
  id have thought were universally despised . 
  or at best at a `` middle spot '' . 
  what the hell do people like about germany ? 
  yeah , someone else already linked me that one . 
   either by policing it with harsh sentences ( like china ) yeah , cause theres no corruption in china xd . 
  deterrment tactics generally dont work all too well , since people will still think either theyre untouchable , i.e. 
  invulnerable even if caught , or cause they think `` im simply not going to get caught '' . 
  just saying . 
   europe had the enlightenment where a whole generation somehow saw the light and decided to start changing things . 
  you know what i repeatedly thought europe had first and foremost : education . 
  if i had to put my money on something , it would probably be that . 
  education seems to be the thing that drives ideologues , and it seems to be neccessary for people to realize `` hang on , i could have it better if i work together with other people '' . 
  at least thats my experience ... i wonder what would happen if the rural areas were to get more educated : s. 
  what do you mean ? 
  incompetence ? 
  corruption ? 
  europeans are just `` better '' ? 
  europeans are less lazy ? 
  non-europeans are more likely to look out for no . 
  1 rather than their friends as well ? 
  something like that ? 
  i did consider this , i just dont think this holds that much water tbh . 
  if i thought it were something like this id have no trouble saying it out loud . 
  this simply doesnt make much sense to me . 
   it was really just the right combination of factors and resources at the right time . 
  u-huh . 
  seems like a cop out for `` we dont really understand it , because it seems so serendipitous '' . 
  ive gotten so many different answers here , and almost none of them are the same . 
  there are overarching themes , like the industrialization , but beyond that theres not all that much . 
  there doesnt seem to be a proper understanding of * why europe `` won '' * , at least none that would help developing countries . 
  i think yours is like the ~ 5th-7th version ive heard . 
  at this point i think noone really knows what gave europe the edge : s. 
   we ( the west , so europeans ) exploited a lot of those countries for a long time and build our `` empire '' on their back . 
  we still do that , even if we got better at hiding it . 
  sure , that might not be the cause of all poverty in the world , but at least a lot of it , especially in those countries . 
  thats what i meant with `` colonialism '' . 
  the thing is though : how could we do that to begin with , and how could we * sustain * these empires . 
  they werent cheap , you know ? 
  the question i always have is why dont countries that are poorer run government programs to e.g. 
  construct a road network . 
  doesnt have to be a modern one , just one you can sustain , and that works for you . 
  then once you have that , you focus on say ... clean water , food , medicine , etc. 
  tackle problems one at a time , trying to improve your country overall . 
  one of the responses here was dead on , in that nationalism would actually help these countries , cause it would motivate people to work together to improve the lives of one another . 
  they might not be able to do it as fast as the west , but theyd be catching up to us , slowly but surely . 
  that was * my * thoughtprocess anyway . 
  im sure i made a mistake somewhere , though , simply cause if it actually were that easy , this wouldnt be an issue . 
  relatively speaking , im sure this is true more or less . 
  our modern day troubles in europe seem unimportant by comparison . 
  the thing is , it can always get worse  . 
  it extends to non-germans so far as i can tell . 
  japan is another example of this culture . 
  arguably germany and japan are nowadays suffering from the downsides of these cultures . 
  but thats a bit besides the point i think . 
  i think in general , people want to do something with their lives . 
  they dont just want to sit around all ~ ~ they ~ ~ day , they want to leave something of themselves in the world , and leave a better life for their descendants . 
  thats a great article , thanks !, 
   i suppose noone really knows , do they ? 
   `` we 're already doing our best . 
  we know dead children are upsetting but the world can be a horrible place and we ca n't go changing policy because people saw a darker side of it on the news or in the paper . '', 
  i would love to see these kinds of politics tbh ... 
  i have no idea where you got that from . 
  im making a principle argument on whether or not an argument of the form `` the majority wants it , therefore not wanting it is extreme '' is a valid argument , cause in my opinion it isnt . 
  i make no statment as to whether or not `` wanting border controls '' is extreme in any way shape or form . 
  thats post ww2 . 
  i was thinking a bit before that time . 
  well see what comes of it . 
  id rather they had kept this operation secret until they captured a significant amount of smugglers , tbh . 
  for all intents and purposes , they are tipping them off with this statement . 
  interesting . 
  sounds like good news to me . 
  something rare these days . 
   they 're missing to address the root causes of this mass exodus : the lack of real life prospects in albania . 
  well said . 
  its not only in albania though , imo . 
  an exodus largely happens when the standard of living is too different between two places , and the same thing can be said for a loooot of places on earth . 
  honestly , at this point im wondering how the west managed to do it to begin with ... lots and lots of countries seem to have big problems getting off the ground , or even improving their own standard of living . 
  how did europe do it ? 
  can africans or middle eastern people even copy the `` european way '' ? 
  is it rooted in the colonial past of many european powers maybe ? 
  its an interesting question , the answer to which might help quite a lot of people . 
  a fair point . 
  but some of the people that went unemployed from the industrial revolution are still unemployed even today . 
  so those people * arent * actually doing fine , and its a bit unlikely they ever will . 
  : s `` wait and see '' might be alright for now , but honestly , i think sooner or later this problem will come to haunt us , and its only prudent to prepare possible solutions beforehand . 
  i. . . dont particularily agree with that .
