  did you talk to the police ? 
  tell them what exactly you saw ? 
  the freedom of treating our own people respectfully and with dignity , as a gentle response is to be expected from most ordinary people . 
   there is no verh\u00e4ltnism\u00e4\u00dfigkeit that you have to obey in the case of self-defense . 
  yes , there is . 
  my self defense teacher ( who has regular contact to policemen ) used to tell me this , however : `` when you get into a dangerous situation , try to run . 
  if you cant do that , shock , then run . 
  if you cant do that , do whatever you have to in order to survive/escape with minimal possible injuries . 
  better you end up in prison than dead . '', 
  the point being , that while in principle , you can be punished for using undue force , its always better to use whatever you deem neccessary to defend yourself , as you are in it to survive ; not to make it out unscathed . 
  that likely wont happen anyways . 
  where this line of `` excessive force '' is drawn exactly is malleable , and generally depends on the situation . 
   that does not mean that you are automatically accused of manslaughter or murder or anything . 
  actually , you are . 
  youre just not getting charged with it immediately and/or inevitably . 
  ask yourself if you had gotten it if not for other jokes told before it . 
  cause i wouldnt have . 
  just to bring this up : this was always a possibility . 
  the thing about terror , though : if you let terror control your actions or determine your politics , the terrorists actually win . 
  and just to say this one too : i didnt actually agree with merkel taking in so many . 
  i still dont . 
  but the notion that this incident is one of the `` great examples '' of how merkel screwed up is laughable . 
   yea no see i personally would like to know if my child was going to go on a date with a rapist or pedophile , criminals dont kinda expose that information do you know the odds of that actually happening ? 
  in the meantime , youre branding people who pissed against a tree in public or some such shit as sex offenders , i.e. 
  grouping them together with actual rapists . 
  this right here is an example of shitty logic , that for some reason is seen as `` good '' by americans , which i could never get the hang of ... 
   you got that message clearly from v4 no , i got that message from plenty of other people . 
  v4 just brought it to the surface , cause he tried to justify not redistributing refugees by envoking something entirely unrelated , and calling it fair . 
   so yeah , i consider it a tad unfair to make such blank statements considering the 10 + years in the union ok , let me make this clear : im not exactly `` pro refugee '' here . 
  i dont care about the issue , cause ive pretty much resigned to the fact that my opinion doesnt actually matter in this discussion ( neither does yours btw . ) . 
  that said : the situation thats being used as justification is entirely different from whats currently going on here and now . 
  thats whats so absurd about it . 
  it seems like people are grasping at straws just so they dont have to have those `` pesky immigrants '' . 
  this isnt the first time ive seen this , and it probably wont be the last . 
  but lets be real here for a moment : everyone who joins the eu signs the charter . 
  and there are possibilities ( legal ones ) to work against this sort of thing , rather than trying to `` just not do it '' as some states were discussing not too long ago . 
  its just that these measures were unsuccessful , so now theyre resorting to any other means available to get their way , and basically override this decision . 
  and thats the part that i cant stand . 
  your membership in the eu comes with responsibilities . 
  you dont get to skip on them , just cause `` you dont wan na '' . 
   parent was just giving an example involving large population relocation . 
  thats completely unrelated to the subject matter . 
  try again . 
   nobody claimed there are no benefits . 
  quite the contrary imo . 
  they sure are acting like spoiled brats , then , wanting the benefits without putting something back into the union , dont you think ? 
   i have no idea what responsibilities you are referring to . 
  our idiotic prime minister repeatedly stated the hungary will fulfill all of our duties . 
  i dont think hungary is a problematic state in this , as hungary will be a beneficiary , in that refugees will move away from hungary . 
  i was speaking in general terms . 
  the point of this whole refugee thing is to lessen the load on border states , by redistributing refugees to countries without a direct border to outside the eu . 
  im replying in `` unread messages '' , so i dont see country flair . 
  just fyi . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  aside from the fact that housing/feeding refugees costs money , obviously ( but id say thats not a good enough connection , just so were clear ) . 
  im not saying austria is right in doing this , but pretending like the german/austrian stance on immigration for 7 years after the new additions to the union has anything to do with this particular situation here is laughable , and hence using it as a justification is laughable . 
  at least austria is honest in saying theyre using money as a means of political pressure . 
  im sooooo sick of seeing people trying to use every little angle to justify their own unwillingness to accept people . 
  be honest : `` we dont want those immigrants '' . 
  fine . 
  but dont pretend like there arent benefits youre drawing out of the eu , and dont expect there to not be a drawback if you refraim from your responsibilities towards the other memberstates , now that its * your * turn to actually do something for the union . 
  at least have the balls to stand by your convictions/principles/opinion and bear the consequences of them/it . 
  yes , lets just correllate these two completely unrelated and totally different situations so we can justify not doing the thing we dont want to do . 
  except they * cant * make something thats cheaper and more efficient , simply cause googles size means that its cheap and efficient . 
  the very size is what gives it its competitive advantage . 
  i cant make this more clear than that : this is one of the reasons that anti-trust laws exist to begin with . 
  if you cant grasp that , then we have nothing to discuss . 
   kinda contradictory but whatever i get what ur saying : / then youre not paying attention , or more likely youre not used to thinking outside your own box . 
  i get why americans think its a bad idea . 
  it seems to be linked to your constant paranoia that people are going to fuck you over . 
  thing is , if youre willing to give up some of your freedom to screw other people over , you also automatically gain security , in that other people cant screw you over as much . 
   the biggest fear in the us is that it will lead to censorship , get out of hand in stupid personal arguments . 
  or that it will put an end to being able to google if someone has a criminal record . 
  youre not allowed to do that in germany anyway , just fyi . 
  police records arent public here . 
  if you want to access them , you have to have a good reason and pay for the priviledge of looking into the records of someone ( e.g. 
  in relation to employment ) . 
  i never got the notion of having to have public police records ... its downright idiotic and leads to some of the most fucked up aspects of american culture imo . 
  because google is so big it automatically drowns out smaller competition , without ever giving those a chance to get even remotely big enough to actually become decent . 
  this is precisely the reason why anti-trust laws exist to begin with . 
  i know a german one , though im not sure if today they require a telephone number . 
  back when i registered ( which was decades ) ago , they certainly didnt . 
  thing is : most europeans ive talked to seemed to actually like that law . 
  and since theres technically more of us ... 
  wish i could . 
  but i dont have access to raw data ( i wonder why ) . 
  heres the thing both you and the other guy are missing though : the point of the employment statistic is to give an overview or a rough number for how many people are `` doing well '' . 
  only that no longer holds true , if you cant support yourself with a job . 
  the number becomes meaningless . 
  and ** thats ** the trick thats being employed here . 
  the number thats being stated as `` getting better '' has lost its original meaning , and as such cant be used to indicate this anymore . 
  low unemployment numbers dont mean anything , if those employed people still require aid and wellfare . 
  its classic statistical trickery . 
  render the number meaningless , or twist it so badly by using extreme or wrong definitions . 
  yes it does . 
   cause that metric favors certain politics that have gone into force more recently , namely of having people work , but still rely on benefits . 
  but w/e ... youre not grasping the concept here . 
  great methodology :  als erwerbst\u00e4tigkeit im sinne der ilo gilt zudem bereits eine bezahlte arbeit ab einer wochenstunde of course the numbers are going to be lower by that metric  . <, 
   have you even clicked on the links ? 
  the second one explains the methodology .
