  i dont want to exclude that . 
  aaah , thank you , now it makes sense . 
  i was more referring to this being news at all , i.e. 
  this being brought up in an article nowadays . 
  but you do have a point , if the investigation has been ongoing for 10 years or so . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  im still wondering if there are other companies also being investigated , from other countries , only they dont make the headlines . 
  im sorry , could you rephrase that ? 
  i couldnt quite make out what you are trying to tell me . 
  my apologies . 
   no one is saying one party should be excused ,  the user above you is simply pointing out that a lot of users here seem very quick to excuse siemens and co. you just contradicted yourself - . - ' . 
  there obviously * are * people excusing siemens , i.e. 
  one side . 
   you say that we should n't prosecute one and excuse the other , only to then turn around and excuse the other . 
  actually im saying that theres likely a political motivation in bringing up the corruption caused by * german * companies . 
  im not saying theyre excused . 
  they arent . 
  sorry if that wasnt clear from my comment . 
  that sounds fucking hillarious :d, 
  oh please . 
  it takes two parties in order for bribery to work . 
  the briber and the one who takes the bribe . 
  excusing one while prosecuting the other is idiotic . 
  that said : is anyone actually surprised that a corporation bribes people in a corrupt country , in order to profit ? 
  is anyone surprised that poor ( er ) people in a country with little oversight actually * take * the money ? 
  -- the fact that those are german companies doesnt mean a goddamn thing . 
  im betting there are french or uk companies that bribed people in greece as well . 
  probably also on that scale . 
  thats the world we live in . 
  i dont see this as particularily surprising . 
  easy : `` the west greedily hords the medical knowledge neccessary to save these children , instead of offering it to mother russia to save them '' . 
  palpatine wasnt transparent until it was already too late . 
  dont give ~ ~ him ~ ~ erdogan too much credit . 
  not if they spend it in russia . 
  probably . 
  yeah . 
  but the solution in that case is pretty damn simple : dont listen to them . 
  this is politics . 
  its always been a dirty game . 
  thats the thing : the way i see it theyre already taking everyone they can take , but are trying to appease people at home by demanding other eu nations take on people as well . 
  the superrich probably dont have their money in rubel either . 
  just pointing it out . 
  deporting immigrants is not politically sensible in germany . 
  with german history , its just not possible to sell this without looking extremely bad in the process . 
  add to that , that germany actually * wants * immigrants , due to the aging population and the last piece clicks into place . 
  the problem here is that the eu isnt exactly popular in germany right now . 
  the greek crisis has put a lot of people on edge , especially given the way its been sold to the german public by a lot of the media . 
  germans are a bit tired of footing the bill for other people , while having rising ages for retirement and rising costs of living , not to mention not exactly a rosy state of the economy , either . 
  -- germany has made a lot of tough choices when it comes to its own situation and its own people . 
  its only natural for people to be on edge after the shitstorm with greece , where people seem to be unwilling to make the tough choices themselves . 
  just to put into perspective why the other guy is arguing the way he is . 
  not neccessarily . 
  it might not matter to him what happens beyond russian borders ( however he might want to set them ) . 
  so long as he himself is doing fine , i dont think economic power matters to putin . 
  military power might , but not economic power . 
  i dont think that matters to him . 
  who sais * his * money is in rubel ? 
  sounds about right , yeah . 
  `` the members of the free corps , among those many academics and students ( university students ) , were so called ` self-equippers ' ( might be a bad translation ) , i.e. , they did not recieve payment , and equipped themselves . 
  hence they were dependant upon recolouring clothes into a uniform , which was easiest using black as a base colour . 
  gold colored brass buttons were very common and easily accessible . 
  red was the colour for ' ... ' ( sorry , unsure how to translate this , id say its yet another part of clothing ) . '', 
   the aphorism is about the symbolism attributed to the colours , it 's meaning - it does not represent the reason they were chosen . 
  thats kind of my point : there is no meaning to this flag . 
  it was chosen because the uniforms were chosen this way for pragmatic reasons . 
  any justification besides `` pramatism '' for the colours came * afterwards * . 
  the true meaning ( today ) , is the association with the liberation wars , due to those being the colours of this particular corps . 
  anything besides that is bending the past to fit a narrative . 
  and that corps chose those colours for pragmatic reasons . 
  i like this line of thinking . 
  i think its more reasonable to draw conclusions about `` who was more honest '' , rather than `` who was more faithful '' . 
  im still not 100 % sold that this statistic sais anything at all , but maybe thats just me . 
  frankly i dont see how thats better . 
  id rather have a few sluts than every woman or every second woman willing to cheat . 
  interesting . 
  why ? 
   actually im saying it cause the deviation is a bit too big for me to be real if its only culturally based , which is implicit in the study . 
  men are all in the same ballpark , so why would some women be less slutty or more slutty than others ? 
  were essentially talking about a social taboo here , arent we ? 
  isnt it simply more likely that some people * lied * , cause its socially unacceptable , even if they were guarantueed anonymity ? 
  isk , maybe im making mountains out of molehills here , but to be this just seems plain wrong : s. 
  not to mention that they actually * asked * people `` have you ever cheated ? '' . 
  thats one of the reasons i can never take studies like this one seriously ( or referendums , if you prefer ) , it relies on honesty . 
  if you really want to have accurate data , you need to eliminate honesty as a factor . 
  which , i might add , is nigh on impossible . 
  for all we know , the only reason the graph varies is because people approach cheating differently or care more/less about saying `` i cheated '' . 
  i honestly dont see the scientific rigor here . 
  i cant tell you , tbh . 
  my own personal thinking is that people dont see/feel the benefits . 
  i certainly dont ( on a personal level ) . 
  i think its indifference rather than negativity . 
  at least thats how it is for me . 
  id hardly call `` liking german bread '' nationalistic , but maybe thats just me ... 
  not even in the slightest . 
  true . 
  i suppose i could always go with actual names for something like angles : '' ... and here we have the angle hans-peter , not to be confused with the angle ha-pe or the angle karl-heinz ... '', 
  actually i love the new rules . 
  made things a lot easier and `` more logical '' , if that makes sense . 
  before then it was exception upon exception , now exceptions are ( as they should be ) exceptions . 
  thanks for the small lesson in greek pronounciation .
