  i suppose i let the look of the ypsilon influence how i think it should be pronounced . 
  rookie mistake . 
  i thought ypsilon was an `` oo '' sound , as in `` boom '' ? 
  but its certainly interesting to see that german isnt the only language with attempts for renovation ( we had a `` renovation '' of the writing system a few years back ) , and weird redundancies ( in german for example : s , ss , \u00df is in essence als a variation of `` s '' ) . 
   well , nuclear is our safest bet , other than solar . 
  its really not . 
  not if you mean fission , anyway . 
  we tend to forget that nuclear energy can be extracted multiple ways , one of which is predicted to be safe and wouldnt need many precautions , the other already exists . 
   look , i would n't even complain about stopping it , but we still have tons of unclean coal energy and our electricity prices are rising so i really do n't get why anyone would get rid of nuclear energy before taking care of coal energy . 
  because the effects of nuclear energy are longer term , and once they are there , you cant just `` deal with them '' . 
  you can hardly relocate the waste , you can barely even safely * handle * it . 
  yes , nuclear is less impactful co2 wise . 
  but , germany is actually doing pretty well in that regard , and solar/renewables promises a lot of the benefits of nuclear power with little to no downside ( aside from the obvious instability issues ) . 
  let me be blunt here : do you * want * a nuclear waste dump somewhere around you ? 
  do you even want the stuff transported near you ? 
  cause honestly , i dont . 
   swastika ban is a poorly executed move in my opinion . 
  you either ban all symbolism that is affiliated with things threatening to the grundgesetz ( including antifa , soviet smybolism , etc. ), 
  or you allow all of it . 
  the swastika ban is one of the best symbolism bans out there . 
  the symbol itself is still allowed for specific non-harmful purposes , and the ban ensures that the symbol isnt used in a trivializing fashion , ensuring that the nazi regime , and everything associated with it is remembered as it was , instead of being made to look less aweful , be it by accident or intent . 
  i can think of no other ban that is executed in a similar fashion . 
  its not that theyre complaining about it , its the way its done . 
  that said , i personally have no problem with our stance on both . 
  nuclear for germany doesnt make much sense , and the swastika ban does have a good reason , and is not executed in a moronic fashion . 
  video games censorship these days is `` meh '' as well , mostly cause i dont see much censorship at all . 
  ffs . 
  `` spacemarine '' went through uncensored - . - ' . 
  does modern greek still have the `` iota '' ? 
  or is it like the difference between omicron and omega ( length and intensity ) ? 
  because its a throwaway question on the street/on a forum , not an intellectual debate . 
  example : in an intellectual debate , id want more info before making my final judgement . 
  as it stands , right here , i dont really think about posting my opinion . 
  thats because right here and now , my opinion is worthless . 
  it has no meaning . 
  the people who will decide what happens are in no way reliant upon my opinion . 
  however : if this were an intellectual debate , and i were to make a judgement with real world consequences , id probably be a bit more careful about examining the problem . 
  its essentially a matter of laziness : in an intellectual debate , youd go looking for more info before you judge . 
  in everyday life , you just go based on what you know . 
  theres always enumeration , or if things get rough , i can go the route one of my co-students profs went : ancient egyptian symbols . 
  depends on the topic a bit . 
  nuclear power ? 
  good fucking luck as a german , unless you suck the irradiated dick . 
  but my experience in general in the main subs is more negative than positive , especially if it comes to military topics , or something where america is different , and maybe you want to talk about it . 
  oh , and dont you ever dare defend the german practices when it comes to swastikas or videogames . 
  looks like a `` zeta '' to me , hence i thought `` z '' . 
  my understanduing of greek writing is based on physicist handwriting , so theres little to no difference to me . 
  : s but thanks . 
  fair enough . 
  you dont have to be either to not like the current system , or for that matter to revel in other peoples misfortune . 
  just saying . 
  `` afou den maz thelete sten europe '' did i get it right ? 
  for the record , german sense of humor can be pretty dark and blunt in general . 
  thats why people think we dont have a sense of humor . 
  youd be surprised what was openly discussed in germany by the tabloids on how the greek debt could be `` compensated '' ( i remember an idea about trading an island or two in exchange for debt forgiveness , for example ) . 
  gallows humor is also a bit more common in germany than youd think . 
  german bashing is more popular in the more default subreddits . 
  you seriously have to be careful about who you tell youre german , and when/where you say it . 
  but in / r/europe , greek-bashing seems more predominant . 
   but ignoring it is done at our peril . 
  only if you think economics is all that matters or should matter . 
   who do you think japan , south korea , canada , turkey , india , chile , poland and the baltic states and much of the rest of the world who relies on the us for defense will side with . 
  well see when it happens ( dont worry , it never will ) , wont we ? 
  if these countries really will stick to the us over any issue , due to their military dependance , then i guess the us really does own them . 
  economics cant and shouldnt always be the guiding factor for policy . 
  the way i see it , they were naive enough to think they were not being spied upon , cause they were allies . 
  if thats the case , then i fear for the german people - . - ' . 
   or the us in general , to just fuck off . 
  if enough countries do that , then you actually * could * do that . 
  imagine what would happen if politicians had guts and actually held the us accountable for its actions via sanctions and shit . 
  wouldnt that be something ... 
  yupp . 
  thats the core issue here . 
  countries spying on other countries is basically normal . 
  whats * not * normal or ok for that matter is that our countries arent making it difficult , and are actually helping a foreign country spy on citizens of the country they * should * be protecting and/or serving . 
  im getting really tired of this , tbh . 
  not to mention that it makes me wonder who exactly my government is serving , let alone if anything can even be done about it . 
  it also makes me wonder if its inherent in the political system , or maybe even inherent to human society as a whole , that leaders dont really care about those beneath them . 
  but i digress . 
  sorry mate . 
  i really dont think this video will change my mind . 
  everything i know about energy generation and storage , not to mention waste disposal and `` fuel deposits '' tells me we shouldnt be betting on nuclear fission . 
  in principle there isnt too much wrong with nuclear fission power , but the reality for germany is that we do have better alternatives , and frankly that our environmental impact at this point is no longer such , that switching to nuclear would significantly impact worldwide co2 levels . 
  china and the us have to move at this point . 
  * then * it becomes sensible for germany to reconsider , though i still think that even then its not a good idea . 
  hopefully by that point more alternatives will have been developed . 
  sorry , im not buying that nuclear is a good choice for germany . 
  im familiar with the technology and with what we would need to dispose of the shit that comes out at the end . 
  we have no place that fills the criteria ( as of now ) . 
  we dont have primary control over any uranium deposits either , making us in essence dependant on outside sources . 
  youre neglecting that renewables can mean natural gas , solar ( distributed , i.e. 
  those * are * very viable alternatives . 
  and frankly the way were going right now , were not the biggest problem around . 
  other countries would need to take eco-positive steps in order for us to matter again in that respect . 
  that means this isnt * just * an environmental choice , its also an economic one . 
  developing and selling the technology to interested parties does have advantages . 
  also , while currently we do need dams for power storage , that problem is solvable . 
  on the other hand , nuclear waste is not exactly solvable as much as its dumpable . 
  that particular problem wont go away for a while . 
   if you wanted to just use 4gw out of 7 green energy produced , you would need 437 dam lakes/reservoirs - we have 35 .
