  that deserves the name `` conspiracy theory '' . 
  there are more likely scenarios out there imo . 
  fair point . 
   yet you go ahead and state that improving the electric car is `` veeery difficult '' with no further arguments . 
  i did . 
  the battery life . 
  i dont think you realize how difficult it is to develop a new battery . 
  current battery technology simply isnt anywhere * near * the energy density of gasoline . 
  getting there would likely require a completely new battery/accumulator design , or maybe even super high capacity capacitors , in order to combat the charge time youll likely have . 
  were nowhere * near * where we need to be to replace the vast majority of long distance traffic with electric cars . 
  it might be fine for shorter distances , but once you go towards even a most basic truck , theres simply not enough charge in the batteries . 
   if improving the diesel engine is that much easier , you 'd believe that manufacturers would n't have to cheat on their numbers , would you ? 
  how long exactly has the diesel engine been around ? 
  sometimes you reach a physical/chemical limit . 
  it happens . 
  theyre not cheating on the co2 emissions last i checked , `` only '' on the nox emissions , which are ... `` not as important '' one might argue . 
  iirc , these emissions are caused by the combustion process , and i would think its a reaction that naturally occurs whithin a combustion engine , due to the high nitrogen amount within the air , and the high burning temperature of diesel . 
   if development cost was a metric of the value of a technology and a reason not to invest in a new one , why would we even move beyond swords , bows and horses ? 
  well ... in that case its simple : cause other people who will do that will kill your guys with horses , swords , and bows . 
  military drive is a bit different from environmental drive . 
  if you dont have a good military , you might eventually be killed , if the environment gets bad , you simply clean it up again ( or so the rationale will commonly go ) . 
  this is an absurd comparison . 
  be more reasonable . 
   what technology will give us most return of investment in the future in terms of making the world less shit , asserting leadership in a promising technology and as a result create jobs . 
  a fair point . 
  but sometimes other projects take precedence . 
  sometimes other routes are easier , and hence more likely to be taken by a free market . 
  thats why `` corporate incentives '' in the form of subventions exist . 
  you think germany would have as much solar power as we do right now , if we hadnt put incentives onto installing and using the technology ? 
   and yeah , electricity can be generated in a vast amount of methods that does n't emit co2 . 
  the methods im aware of are either renewables , which have a power storage problem currently , which would bring me back to my point about batttery life/storage , and nuclear/fission , which currently means a severe waste problem that cant be understated . 
  theres a reason e.g. 
  germany tries to avoid using nuclear power . 
  afaik , there are currently no long term storage facilities for nuclear waste . 
  at the very least not in germany . 
  its not as simple as you make it out to be here . 
  youre * again * falling into the same trap as before , making it out as though one route is much simpler than the other , when in fact according to the current political and technological state , the other one is much easier . 
  lets also not forget one other thing here : local power generation does have a lot of advantages , largely due to power/heat coupling , especially in the winter . 
  id be very interested to know , how good the efficiency of an electric car would be , if you take heating into consideration . 
  i suspect its nowhere near where most people put it . 
  [ helmut schmidt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helmut_schmidt ) is an example for a german politician that kind of defies that principle . 
  one of germanys great statesmen imo . 
  i always enjoyed public discussions he took part in . 
  most notably he had to deal with the `` red army faction '' , a communist terrorist movement , and in so doing essentially gave the go for the gsg-9 . 
  he never budged to terrorism , and he always held firm against communists , despite being a socialist himself . 
  i think he even lived through the nazi regime himself , though im not sure if he was drafted . 
  frankly , i think merkel isnt that simple . 
  noone is . 
  theres more to her making that decision , and id like to know what that is . 
  dont they have to have a passport to apply for asylum to begin with ? 
  cant there be a `` reasonable assumption '' made that the passport determines the country of origin ? 
  in any case , well see soon enough whats going to happen ... 
  theyll be deported once their homecountries stabilize , iirc . 
  until then theyll have to be granted rights to stay based on the german constitution . 
  i think the german politicians severely underestimated just how many people want to come here , so they thought `` yeah , we can swing that and look good at the same time '' . 
  and now that theyre starting to realize `` oh hang on , we might ** not ** be able to swing that '' , theyre going the same route the people from the countries who were originally most affected were going . 
  its just fucking politics . 
  and i understand your frustration/bitterness , cause i share it . 
  luckily , i think you can expect an efficient , numbers based , and dehumanizing solution once germany will decide to actually `` get on with it '' ( german stereotypes and all that ) . 
  but i think this crisis has shown one thing above all : other countries ( than germany ) need a stronger voice , and more importantly a stronger * pro-european * voice . 
  there were many people who wanted individual state solutions , but very few were willing to look for one that is * european * in nature . 
  i think for many the honeymoon period is now over and theyre starting to realize `` oh hang on , this eu-ting isnt just money and economics '' , and theyre having second thoughs . 
  its actually not the whole world . 
  just those too dumb to properly evaluate the problem before making any assumptions . 
  but i suppose you have a point , in that that will ring true for a majority of people . 
  weeeeeell , if you have more than one cow ( which ordinarily you would ) ... but i was just trying to be funny . 
  curse my german heritage ... :'|, 
  im not 100 % convinced like you seem to be , that shes completely evil or mental . 
  it may well be that shes right and our system actually * can * handle it . 
  i would just like to see the numbers/calculations myself , cause there are contradicting opinions out there , and numbers and calculations might clear at least * that * part up . 
  so far , merkel has struck me as populistic , i.e. 
  following the popular opinion . 
  which isnt ~ ~ unreasonable ~ ~ unusual for a politician . 
  this particular decision can up until ~ 2 weeks ago be seen as consistent with that . 
  well see what she does next . 
  well ... calling diesel a failure would mean lots and lots of development costs wasted . 
  and electric cars dont really solve the problem either , unless you can generate the electricity with less co2 emitting methods . 
  not to mention that the biggest argument against an electric car , the battery life , requires a lot of research , and probably more than a few breakthroughs . 
  its not as simple as you make it out to be here . 
  generally speaking `` improving the electric car '' is veeery difficult . 
  otherwise it wouldve been done a long time ago . 
  you slaughter the cow i would think . 
  thing is : shes a physicist . 
  even has a doctor title and everything . 
  i honestly expected better from her . 
  sad part as a german : theres very little i myself can do to impact political decisionmaking at this point . 
  im honestly not sure what merkel is thinking . 
  why would you invite half the middle east to come to germany ? 
  you cant just like that add 1-2 % to your countries population , who will at least at first all need financial support . 
  man man man ... this whole thing just makes me shake my head ... you know what id like to see in connection to this whole thing ? 
  something merkel should be very familiar with : numbers . 
  numbers as to how much this whole thing will cost us short term , along with a long term projection based on different estimates for how long people will have to be kept on financial support on average . 
  numbers for how many people will have to be employed just to deal with this crisis . 
  numbers for available housing . 
  just ... numbers . 
  so i can get a feeling for whether or not she has a point in saying `` germany can handle it '' . 
  if there are already numbers available , and someone has a link handy , feel free to send it . 
  id love to read it , actually . 
  can someone help me out here ? 
  how bad exactly are nox emissions ?
