  lol . 
  ive tolerated your bullshit for long enough . 
  i went through the zdf documentary and challenged it as non-scientific , which you didnt want to accept . 
  here and now i will challenge the importance of the other link you gave me , since a cursory reading revealed it contained no data relevant to the current discussion , as it covers acceptance of sharia law , which doesnt reflect whether or not muslims can integrate , especially since western countries like e.g. 
  germany or france were not covered in this particular link . 
  youve based your argument on cherrypicked results , and frankly i have no time or respect for that . 
  but dont worry . 
  this sub will eat your shit right up , as is customary on reddit  . 
   eea benefits all countries equally ummmmm ... no it doesnt . 
  or rather , you cant possibly know that . 
  `` equally '' implies equal gain , which would mean youd first have to be able to actually quantify solely the gain by the eea without the gains by the other eu measures , which is downright impossible . 
   this is not an argument of a civilized person . 
  this is but a personal attack . 
  well ... not a personal one . 
  i dont give a shit who you are . 
  im attacking your way of arguing and your way of thinking , cause its shit . 
  not `` you '' cause its you . 
  example : `` youre a moron '' would be a personal attack . 
  `` your arguments are shit '' is an attack directed at your arguments . 
  not a good one , since it lacks deeper reasoning , but thats not what youre claiming here . 
  hit me up when youve figured out the difference . 
   actually , i 'd very much like if the eu broke up and only the eea was left . 
  cause thats not an advantage , right ? 
  - . - but i suppose its pointless to argue this with you . 
  youve made up your mind and dont seem to grasp where im coming from , not to mention you seem unwilling to look beyond your own little world . 
  not unexpected . 
  just a little disappointing . 
  id disagree with you , but i suppose its pointless . 
  he didnt debate me with anything . 
  he just kept spewing the same damn thing over and over that for some reason finds resonance on / r/europe . 
  and just fyi , cause theres a difference and you arent making it : theres no debate going on here . 
  just a discussion . 
  you automatically assume that every muslim follows everything islam dictates to the letter . 
  which simply isnt true . 
   i am a huge fan of history , thus i do not agree with your personal assessment . 
  and you 're conflating the definitions of `` isolationist '' to suit your argument . 
  not allowing muslim immigration into our countries does not makes us isolationist at all . 
  and comparing it to for instance chinese isolation is completely laughable . 
  yeah \u00fdeah , you want the benefits of the eu without the obligations . 
  i get it . 
  the good without the bad . 
  who wouldnt ? 
  i think were done here , arent we ? 
   if you refuse to follow the primary doctrine of a religion , i do not consider you a member of that religion , that is correct . 
  - . - ' and what exactly is ( according to you ) the `` prtimary doctrine '' of islam ? 
  cause im betting theres very little overlap with what is actually practiced ...  this has never happened before . 
  september 11th 2001 . 
  - . - '  i disagree . 
  yeah , im starting to get that . 
  history , however , would disagree with you . 
  traditionally speaking , truely isolationist countries didnt fare all too well militarily after long periods of isolation . 
   by then they would n't be followers of shishlam , however , would they ? 
  soooo , following your logic , youre saying `` christians '' arent christians if they arent devout catholics ? 
  youre trying to see islam or shishlam as a set of legally binding and completely enforced rules , which it simply isnt . 
   i agree that there would be a problem in that case ... i.e. 
  a bit more people dead in wars . 
  but there would not be a problem in our eu countries what so ever . 
  it would be in time . 
  dont ever think that people will be content massacring each other , when there are western countries sitting by , who are doing oh so well , and refusing to take in brothers , sisters , mothers fathers , sons and daughters of people fighting . 
  sooner or later , there will be spill-over . 
  what do you think `` terrorism '' is ? 
   poor countries will never be a military match for rich countries . 
  not improbable , impossible . 
  yeah , i mean its not like this has happened before , right ? 
  i mean obviously people would follow traditional rules of warfare , and directly assault these countries , rather than use means of attack that stand a chance of succeeding/doing damage , right ? 
  isolationism is a shitty policy in cases like these . 
  especially when dealing with religious fanatics , who need a `` devil '' . 
   i 'm baffled how you can think it 's ridiculous . 
  hypothetical religion , let 's call it shishlam , could hold as its first and primary doctrine that `` democracy is the root of all evil and has to be fought at all times . '', 
  could followers of this religion ever be integrable in our democratic countries ? 
  thats the thing : yes !, 
  it would take extensive re-education , but it is entirely possible . 
   there 's absolutely no serious problem that will be caused by not accepting muslim migrants to resettle in my country . 
  that is pure scaremongering of the far-left . 
  there is , if every country thinks this way . 
   what ? 
  that seems a bit delusional even if you think it 's `` very far off and/or unlikely '' . 
  the theory behind it is economic imbalance , ultimately causing people to attack what they see as the root of * their * problems , which they might well find in western society . 
  like i said , far off , but not neccessarily improbable or impossible if people are pushed hard enough . 
   also , i think documentaries are scientifically valid sources if they are supported by data ever watched `` bowling for columbine '' ? 
  spoiler alert : the documentary is devoid of scientific fact , which is a shame , since i actually liked it . 
  and they did point out quite a bit of data in the documentary . 
  thing is , theres a reason why the scientific process requires a certain methodology , and this methodology doesnt really include documentaries . 
  : s the data might still be valid , but a proper examination is best done in written form . 
  -- now , to end this , a more general point about islam : by all rights , islam is a * young * religion , especially compared to judaism or christianity , or for that matter the eastern ones . 
  its not unsurprising that its supporters would be more `` fanatical '' . 
  however a fundamental unintegratability seems ridiculous to me . 
  its more likely that more effort is needed to properly integrate muslims , especially very religious ones ( just like extremely religious christians would have problems in say ... saudi arabia ) . 
  all that said , i dont begrudge you your position . 
  id be lying if i said i hadnt thought the same on occasion . 
  but i think its unreasonable to just send them back and expect this to be over . 
  they are moving to try and make a better life for themselves and their close ones . 
  arguably its a result of thhe difference in the standard of living between the different countries , and thats something that wont go away easily . 
  now you can close your borders , and keep people out , but ultimately , that might cause different problems . 
  like it or not we all live in the same world , and have to make do with one another . 
  ultimately , if we dont accept refugees , we might end up in a war ( though thats very far off and/or unlikely ) just ... something to think about . 
  the zdf documentary gave me the impression that its a problem with integration rather than anything else , which could potentially be adressed . 
  not to mention that its not really a scientifically valid source ... im not sure if itll neccessarily be as bad as you seem to think ... : s i guess ill find out . 
  honest question : do you have any data to back up this claim , or is it based in a believe ? 
  i myself * am * worried , but i like to base my decisions on scientific evidence rather than gut feeling .
