that might work . 
  i derailed a bit here from responding to your comment , sorry . 
  i just thought id put some of my thoughts on the situation in here . 
  its not like well ever find out what really happened there . 
  the winning side will put a spin on it , and that will be the end of it . 
  none of the ones not in the ukraine will have a true insight into how things happened once they got messy . 
  riots and wars have one thing in common : where ever shit is going down , things will get messy for both sides , and usually it will be hard if not impossible to find out what in detail really happened in what area , just because people dont focus on looking , they focus on surviving / staying safe/dishing out punishment . 
  we on the outside will never really know what happened there . 
  we will only see selective tidbits or hear stories of people who were there . 
  usually not enough to give the complete picture : / . 
  what i can say however , is that things dont get to the point where they are in the ukraine , if the government didnt seriously screw up something , either in the suppression of radical groups , or in representing its own people . 
  the aftermath should show which it is , if the rioter turn out to be victorious . 
  so what can an outsider really do , if he/she doesnt want to get into this bloody mess ? 
  in my opinion theres nothing anyone should or can do . 
  helping civilians sounds like a good idea , but then , who is truely civilian there ? 
  do we help injured fighters/rioters/policemen as well ? 
  if yes , are you really ready to get involved in this fight ? 
  cause youre gon na have to be , if you help one side even a tiny bit too much in the view of the other side . 
  if no , why not ? 
  the policemen might just be doing their jobs , they might be following orders under threat of disciplinary action ( note : this can be very serious , depending on what you do/dont do ) . 
  the rioters , or at least part of them are doing this because they honestly feel misrepresented by their own government , can you not understand them ? 
  i really really think , that the ukraine has to resolve this one on their own , seeing as they are the ones that have to live with the consequences ( us too , to varying degrees , but i dare say , that it will affect us not nearly as much as the average ukrainean citizen ) . 
  just my thoughts on this subject ... : /, 
  what is it then ? 
  note : this word has `` mental '' in it, 
  you mean like people who downvote on reddit dont actually downvote what they think is not contributing to the discussion , but rather downvote what they dont like ? 
  oh , what a surprise . 
  the gema doesnt want bad press . 
  oh , what a surprise , youtube shifts the blame to gema . 
  theyre both to blame imho . 
  gema is probably asking for significantly more , than other countries ' similar organizations are asking for , or youtube would have complied by now . 
  and youtube doesnt want to be the bad guy , which it would seem like , if they wrote : `` sorry we find the gema fees horrendous/ridiculous , and hence dont pay them '' . 
  on the other hand , they appearantly arent even trying to force the issue , and maybe reach a compromise that would benefit the users . 
  youtube isnt the good guy and gema the bad guy imho . 
  imho theyre both bad guys . 
  it depends on how broken the german is , and how bad the accent is , just like with germans speaking english . 
  from the german perspective , i think englishspeakers ( no matter if british , or australian or american ) tend to have worse german than vice versa , so a conversation in german becomes more taxing than a conversation in english . 
  and thats pretty much all there is to it , when people switch to english immediately . 
  in their experience the german of foreigners is bad to the point where you sometimes have to ask 3-5 times what exactly someone wants . 
  its also considered polite to try and make it easier for people to convey whatever they want to say . 
  hell , this isnt unique to foreigners . 
  due to the prevalence of dialects even today , a north german and a south german could not communicate each in their own dialect and understand one another . 
  tl/dr : dont take it personally . 
  its just about saving time for us . 
  comparable in size maybe , but im not sure if they were comparable in training , equipment and experience . 
  wasnt it something like germany had experienced and skilled commanders relying on mission-style-tactics , which was ahead of the time , but the regular soldiers werent all that experienced ? 
  and please , lets add the maginot line to that defence force . 
  cause thats some non-negligible shit right there . 
  i frankly dont even know if the german army actually made use of all their soldiers on the french front , maybe you know more there than i do . 
  when did the eastern front open up ? 
  was it before or after paris ? 
  was poland taken already when the war with france started ? 
  i actually didnt know / r/europe was regularily brigaded . 
  by whom ? 
  the thing about europe right now is , that germany seems to be the only country aiming for * european * solutions rather than solutions for individual countries , or solutions relying on individuality . 
  and thats something thats hugely pissing me off . 
  i think the french prime minister acknowledged that a few weeks or so ago , when the greek crisis was still going on . 
  to me , it feels like germany is the only country trying to `` make europe work '' , and if thats where were headed , i can see some dark times ahead . 
  cause that * might * break the union . 
  well , yeah , poland was overpowered . 
  it was also attacked from two sides , lets not forget that . 
  thats why i chose france . 
  its a much better example of a militarily relevant force , considering how much smaller than germany poland actually is . 
   they lost because germans used superior tactics . 
   i do n't even understand what you 're arguing about . 
  thats what im trying to tell you . 
  a momentarily weak military force can mean absolutely nothing . 
  the german military was raised to a significant number within a relatively short amount of time , and ultimately numbers and tech didnt mean * anything * . 
  the deciding factor early on was tactics ( and a bit of luck of course ) . 
  `` 4 times hiroshima '' ( little boy had 13 kt of explosive force ; not much by modern nuclear standards ) isnt actually that much . 
  id have thought thered be more potent bombs stationed in germany ... 
  can confirm . 
  used to know a few convert christians . 
   ok let me break it down for you . 
  before hitler came to power germany was crap both military and economically . 
  he fixed the economy temporarily by going full military but if this continued say till 42 the economy would fail because you ca n't be going full military eco without waging a war . 
  and so he attacked poland . 
  during the war you do n't worry about the economy . 
  thats just not what were discussing at all . 
  but sure . 
  hitlers economics were shit . 
   by 39 germany had the strongest army and best generals in europe , combined with horrendous french prep and blitz tactics this was achievable . 
  thats a load of bull . 
  look at german military tech of the time . 
  the early german victories were a result of superior tactics , rather than a superior military . 
  the superior military came later , at a point where germany was then overwhelmed . 
  the french didnt think the germans would just bypass the maginot line through benelux , and thats what essentially killed them . 
   most of the time it does , in 9 out of 10 battles an army that 's considerably larger and/or better equipped will win . 
  that 's just statistics . 
  in tank battles having 2x the amount of tanks constitutes to having 4x the firepower . 
  and yet the french lost despite a superior tank force . 
  do you understand what im trying to tell you ? 
  territorial expansion is everything . 
  cause you have to integrate more different culutres into the eu , and you have more different opinions of what the eu should actually be . 
  just look at this thread here . 
  half the people want the eu to only be a trade union . 
  im pretty sure the actual federalists dont want that . 
  they want more . 
  they dont see the point to `` only a trade union '' , cause to them its the greater idea of a unified europe that matters , rather than just economics . 
  the fact that nobody actually seems to be proposing * european * alternatives except for germany is also one of the more worrying signs im seeing .
