  im not eating popcorn ( figuratively or literally ) in this context , however . 
  i may have misspoken earlier . 
  i am a bit worried . 
  not for the eurozone , but for greece and/or the greeks . 
  they have a difficult road ahead , no matter which route they go . 
  i think i said it elsewhere , greece made its own bed in a manner of speaking , and frankly with this government my sympathy is dropping quite a bit , but ... i get what it must feel like to suddendly learn all your saved cash will soon be worthless or worth a lot less . 
  cause it effectively punishes people who acted responsibly and built up some money to have in time of need . 
  those people likely didnt make many mistakes , but theyll be the ones who suffer for it , should greece drop the euro . 
  its a very complex situation , and sadly not neccessarily a fair one . 
   a vote of confidence that is the most likely interpretation in my opinion as well , but : there are no consequences to this vote , which means people dont know what end result their vote will have , i.e. 
  what it is theyre voting for , as is evidenced by the apparent confusion in regards to that . 
   ( and somehow , it also shows that greece , birthplace of democracy , can still teach us things about it . ), 
  it shows that theyre good at selling things to their own people . 
  to the neutral observer , this is not even a true vote of confidence , because a ) theres no consequences attached to the vote , and b ) theyre voting on an * expired deal * . 
  theyre trying to rid themselves of all responsibility , by having the referendum back them up , being able to say `` the greeks stand behind us '' , or `` we can not accept this deal or any deal thats worse for us . 
  the people have spoken '' . 
  im not worrying . 
  i actually dont care much either way , believe it or not . 
  i would just find it interesting , in so much as it would be a real world `` david and goliath '' story . 
  it would be interesting , if the eurozone collapses because of this shit , wouldnt it ? 
  one small country with little to no economic power would essentially bring down the currency union . 
  to clarify : i think the greek government is acting scumbaggy towards * its own people * , not towards the eu or anything else . 
  the greek government has had months to have this referendum . 
  they chose to hold it , once the deadline for the proposal passed . 
  thats why i wrote the last sentence . 
  thats not even remotely what was asked , and this response is extremely loaded , hence useless to me . 
  but thanks for playing . 
  ^ ( to clarify : i cant even identify what you might think is the rational choice . ), 
  u-huh . 
  dream on , mate . 
  itll certainly be interesting times . 
  thankfully , i dont care much about ancient chinese curses . 
   i 'd wager the greeks who have been facing harsh austerity for the past 5 years have a fairly good understanding of what this vote is for . 
  either you missed the point , or you didnt read the comment of the greek higher up in the comment chain . 
  the point here is that its not clear what consequences are attached to this referendum . 
  arguably deliberately so , so that a potential `` yes '' vote could be interpreted most favorably . 
   the differences between the greek and troika positions are fairly minor in reality if that * really * is the case , then i have even less respect for the greek government in this situation . 
  at some point you got ta say `` this is to a large degree my own mess , so ill have to give more ground '' ... 
  there may well be no contingency for this situation . 
  but that doesnt mean they cant be kicked out `` manually '' . 
  they didnt move an inch with the attached deadline , either , did they ? 
  that suggests that up until the point of this deadline , this was a good offer , and that it may change at that point , or that past that point this offer is no longer a good idea for the eurozone . 
  `` putting pressure on someone '' doesnt exactly work , if there are no consequences to not doing what youre told/taking what youre offered . 
  example : if you told me to shut the fuck up , that doesnt put pressure onto me whatsoever . 
  however if you tell me to shut the fuck up or youll punch me , were on a slightly different level , arent we ? 
  if you then dont follow through after i dont shut up , you lose credibility , and so do your threats . 
  at that point intimidation or `` pressure '' no longer works . 
  i didnt listen to the reporting in germany . 
  i actually only see whats on reddit about this issue . 
   the offer ca n't be accepted because the eu wo n't renew it if greece would be willing to take it ? 
  this idea is insane . 
  depends on the idea behind the offer . 
  if the offer hinged on contingencies , such as greece not being bankrupt , then this deal wont be made again . 
  which is what i thought was the reason the offer no longer exists . 
  these deals are made so that certain requirements are met , because theyre indications of how well greece will be able to meet future requirements , or the same requirements but in the future . 
  its not insane to think that europe would not make the same deal again , should greece have voted yes . 
  alright , the only appropriate response to this is `` fuck off , mate '', 
  even if that were true , that doesnt mean that its not serious . 
  on the other hand europe might actually finally be fed up with greeks shit . 
  so youre saying the prospect of a greek exit out of the eurozone is * not * serious ? 
  except the offer doesnt exist anymore . 
  so even if we see a swing in the votes , the offer couldnt be accepted . 
  occams razor agrees with you ( and hence , so do i ) . 
  but with politics you never truely know , and there is something odd about this . 
  might well be im worrying over nothing , here , however . 
  the thing is , i dont think theres a choice of `` love '' to be made here . 
  greece is caught between a rock and a hard place , theyre screwed either way . 
  so they stick with what they have left , their pride . 
  only * that * will likely get them into even more trouble in the long or short run . 
  maybe even both . 
  i dont think anyone really knows the best solution . 
  so maybe what greece is doing is right , in that theyre taking * their * way out of this , no matter what . 
  that way , they have noone else to blame ( yeah , right ) and they have noone else to thank . 
  the more i hear about this , the less sympathy i have for the greek government . 
  as callous as that may sound . 
  yupp . 
  thats a very valid interpretation . 
  then again , cortez burning his boats could well have lead to a mutiny , couldnt it ? 
  i dont think the pressure will ever be off him completely , though . 
  after all , hell go down in history for what he will do . 
  no matter what it is . 
  im serious cause this issue is serious , and hence i think the situation demands it . 
  sorry if i look like a spoilsport this way . 
  that doesnt answer my question , though , and theres a certain bias in this answer that i cant resolve , cause im not informed enough . 
  however , ive found the answer to my question already , someone linked a translation , so dont worry about it . 
   it pretty much boils down to , `` are you with us in rejecting these conditions or do you want us to fuck off and bow to creditors '' . 
   the fact it expired it 's pretty much irrelevant . 
  see , im not so sure about that . 
  i think the fact that its expired is an indicator that this is a referendum about public approval of the course the greek leadership has taken , and as such it is important . 
   in the end , this is just asking for a vote of confidence . 
  probably . 
  thats my take as well . 
  the fact that its a question about accepting an expired proposal , rather than asking `` do you approve '' or sth is throwing me off . 
  maybe this is greek official speak , cause otherwise the referendum could already be interpreted about a vote of confidence or sth . 
  well ... im not sure if this is typically german , or just me being pedantic . 
  when it comes to translations im extra careful as a rule , cause the potential for fuckups - especially in written translations - is pretty damn high , and id like to think about the subject based on as accurate information as possible . 
  im just saying , 60 % no , 55 % voted . 
  thats a pretty clear message and will reinforce greek leadership in its course , which * should * lead to a greek exit from the eurozone . 
  i hope they know what theyre doing . 
  i hate that this is most of whats happening these days .
