  seriously , i dont see how you could save your comment , or interpret it in any way besides `` fearmongering '' . 
  you are trying to create or sow fear , by misrepresenting the gravity of the situation . 
  that is , by definition , fearmongering . 
  do i actually have to explain fear mongering to you ? 
  you are creating a false equivalency by implying that a significant subset of the people seeking asylum will be criminals to the level of the one in the article . 
  you are creating or trying to create fear that is entirely baseless and unjustified . 
  you have no basis to assume a significant number of people will be like the one in the article . 
   it 's a question of plain probability and mathematics . 
  no its not . 
  mathematics actually tell us that the increase in murders will be minimal , simply cause the overall number of refugees in comparison to the number of people already living here is too low . 
  were talking about 1 % of the german population . 
  even if they are 10 times as violent as germans are ( for which there is absolutely no basis ) , we still wouldnt see significant increases in violent crime . 
  just cause of the way these numbers interact . 
  the districts with these people will be fucked , that much would be true , but overall ... the impact would be negligable . 
   you clearly have some kind of political agenda which likes to gloss over this stuff , so you 're probably right . 
  agree to disagree . 
  i have no political agenda . 
  im just pointing out youre full of shit . 
  im actually very worried , long term , about what this immigration policy will mean for german culture as a whole . 
  i just think the idea that were adding a significant number of murderers is ludicrous to the point of absurdity , and frankly devoid of common sense and reality . 
  and on that , i will leave , cause theres literally nothing more to say to you . 
   you 'll have to , the whole of the eu will have to because germany opened up the eu 's borders to millions of people they ca n't possibly know who is among them . 
  this is the whole point . 
  your point was fear mongering ? 
   and it is relevant mate , i disagree . 
  how nice for you . 
  now lets do the british thing , and agree to disagree . 
  theres zero point to this discussion . 
  cause by that line of thinking its never * not * related to the immigration policy . 
   that suggests there was an oversight in allowing him into the country in the first place . 
  you will never get it 100 % right . 
  people will always slip through , and the notion of absolute safety is part of what created this `` terrorism ! '', 
  shitfest to begin with . 
  absolute safety can not exist . 
  deal with it . 
   it 's not directly related not even indirectly , mate . 
  its just completely unrelated . 
  actually i was focussing more on the psychological factor , but in general a stabbing to the neck , and a kidney injury are * not * something you just recover from , and not without complications in general . 
  well see what happens ( or not , depending on if this stays in the news or not ) . 
  you can never kill an ideology . 
  you can only ever fight it . 
  the method of which are not bullets ( unless the other side is employing them ) , but rather education . 
  on both the benefits of other ideologies , and downsides of the ideology youre fighting . 
  the point was more that while they all employ terrorism , they must each have a certain goal in mind , one that ( to them ) is achievable , and that theyre actually selling to suicide bombers , who are in it for the ideology ( cause if they were in it for money or power , theyd hardly blow themselves up ) . 
  i think you mean `` principle '' , not `` principal '' . 
  there was no school involved here . 
  -- but to your point : he was in jail . 
  learn to read the article . 
  he was also under surveillance . 
  he was wearing an ankle monitor , that was removed ( by him ) the morning of the attack . 
  he was afforded the same curtesy every other person in germany would be afforded . 
  no more no less . 
  those priciples have served us well , and have resulted in a much more humane prison system than the us has . 
  i see no point to reform it due to an isolated incident like this . 
  me too . 
  no shame in that . 
  the point i was trying to make here is more that linking this to immigration cause its linked to `` the greater immigration policy of germany '' is a tad bit over the top . 
  the goal of terrorism is * not * to kill you or anyone for that matter . 
  that is the * means * of terrorism . 
  to kill , in order to create fear , which can then be leveraged to bring about a change . 
  the goal of terrorism , as a rule , is to force a political change . 
  that can be `` independance for ireland '' or it can be `` becoming an islamist nation '' . 
  in some cases , like nowadays it seems , it can be as undefined as `` not living by western principles '' . 
  in these cases , if you abandon your principles to fight terrorism , you automatically grant terrorism what it wants . 
  -- come to think of it , what actually * is * the goal of al-quaeda and all those other muslim terrorist organizations ? 
  i dont think ive ever heard or read a clear mission statement . 
  -- but back to your post : isis technically isnt a terrorist organization , its an actual army i would say ( im less certain than i should be here ) ? 
  maybe a group of insurgents ? 
  i never thought of them as terrorists , as they are actually attempting to control strips of land , rather than using suicide bombers and the like to sow fear . 
  `` stable '' does not mean `` fine '' , or for that matter `` without permanent damage '' , be that psychologically or physically . 
  come on , this line of argumenation is a bit ridiculous ... by that logic , the only way this could not have anything to do with german immigration policies is , if the guy was actually a born german . 
  and even then it could still have something to do with it , cause he might have been influenced by immigrants . 
  if you abandon your priciples in fighting terrorism , terrorism wins by default . 
  after a stabbing like that ... not sure shell ever be : s, 
  do what you have to , i can hardly force you to believe op . 
  but from where im standing , this does sound realistic . 
  actually i was specifically referring to `` stop talking about the holocaust '' , cause germany has for all intents and purposes vowed to never forget it , to ensure it never happens again . 
  that means well never stop talking about it . 
  but yeah , ive seen something similar , in that people give less of a shit about it . 
  not the point . 
  the point is that germany has in essence vowed to `` never forget '' the holocaust , so it will never be repeated . 
  youre oversimplifying it a bit . 
  this is a bit of an extreme case , when you rationally think about it . 
  what influence does the existence of `` oktoberfest '' have on muslims ? 
  they dont have to attend , afterall . 
  honestly , if this story happened as described , this is just fucked up . 
  its part of german culture i think . 
  the idea that you have to see something through to its logical conclusion , so you can actually say `` alright , this was bullshit '' , or `` alright , this seems to work '' , and then draw the conclusions from that . 
  it results in less adaptability , but also in more consequential actions overall , but the base idea is that once you decide on something , you have to give it a `` fair shot '' to work . 
  no matter what bullshit you decided on . 
  but im speculating : s. 
  i was actually specifically referring to the german refusal for military action , even when it is well warranted . 
  might have been a bad expression to call germany a `` pussy '' in foreign politics . 
  it is the constitution . 
  originally it was designed as a stop gap constitution until reunification , but it has since been adopted as the de-facto constitution of the country . 
  it definitely can , i wont deny that . 
  but that * is * how it is in germany right now , and the counter measure is in essence zero tolerance for `` foreigner hatred '' . 
  it works to a certain degree , at least for now . 
  if the german people will have any say in it , that will be never . 
  just to put that one out there as well .
