  who does n't want free stuff ? 
  there are strings attached to that . 
  there are always strings attached to that , especially in germany . 
  so if the first part of `` free stuff '' spreads , im guessing that part will spread too . 
  just to temper this statement a bit . 
  where im standing , i have a very `` moderate '' view of the situation . 
  i try to keep the bigger picture in mind . 
  things like `` is this financially feasible ? 
  '' , `` can we long term support these people , should a large number become a finacial burden on the social security system ? 
  '' , `` will they integrate into germany and german culture ? '' . 
  that last part is perhaps the biggest worry i have , cause integration has been screwed up by germany in the past . 
  if you do it wrong , people will form a `` society within society '' , and i think the danger of this is especially apparent for large groups of people coming from similar origins , especially if theyre concentrated in a few places . 
  cause we might in the future be at risk of losing what makes germany germany , what enabled germany to become so progressive in its overall stance for human rights , social rights , and even things like ecological policy . 
  and i dont want to lose that . 
  on the other hand , part of what makes ( modern ) germany germany is the willingness to help people less fortunate ( believe it or not ) . 
  the willingness to actually provide for someones means to live , should they fall onto hard times . 
  it would be hypocritical of me to deny help to people who * actually * need it . 
  like people displaced by war . 
  there have to be limitations to this help , due to practical considerations , but in principle ... its not an easy question , and there will always be `` bad examples '' in large groups of people . 
  what matters is how large the percentage of those people is , and whether or not this part of this group will then actually make `` not helping '' a more appropriate choice , maybe due to practical concerns . 
  refugees are still individuals , trying to survive in this world , trying to make a better life for themselves and those around them , be that family or friends . 
  never forget that . 
  and never condemn them for that drive alone , as its only human . 
  -- so thats where im standing . 
  i dont watch tv at all , so im on a blackout for the german media , which is why im asking this question . 
  i honestly dont know what exactly is being said . 
  this got a bit longer than i originally intended . 
  i hope youll read it anyway . 
  well ... to your rant , id say theres a difference between telling someone `` you are welcome here '' , and `` you are entitled to come here '' . 
  i understand your feelings or thoughts towards the matter , but i am forced to look at it from the refugees perspective as well . 
  if youre going to try to create a new life for yourself anyway , might as well try to do it in the country that offers the best opportunity , which many percieve to be germany . 
  whether thats true or not is for the moment not important . 
  this family , from my perspective , is taking a gamble , to actually try and get an overall better life , in a best case scenario , in a worst case scenario , they might think polish aid is `` inferior '' ? 
  idk . 
  its hard to completely understand the motive , if you assume `` malevolence '' , or ungratefullness , rather than simply them trying to make the best out of their situation . 
  its difficult for everyone involved , germans too . 
  simply cause believe it or not , germany isnt shitting money to dish out easily , and if this social experiment fails , were gon na be in a loooot of trouble . 
  i dont know how many refugees germany can reasonably take on . 
  i dont know if its long term maybe practical to take on refugees , who serve to bolster the german youth . 
  -- a lot of what im also worried about is whether or not the immigrants will eventually integrate into germany , or whether they will exist as a more or less seperate entity within germany . 
  thats actually worrying to a very large degree to me , cause that would create tension , and potentially a social divide , like we see it in america with blacks and whites , or latinos , or whoever . 
  -- one last thing i wan na talk to you about , cause i just noticed your flair sais `` no flag waving please '' ( which makes me guess youre german , yes ? 
  ) : i think many people dont portray their nationality here , not in order to wave their flag , but rather to put their comments into the context of their country of origin . 
  at least thats why i do it . 
  not to show national pride , but to show `` this is where im from , take that into consideration when you read my comment '' . 
  technically christians think theyre chosen , jews think theyre chosen , jehovas witnesses think theyre chosen , the list goes on and on ... its not exclusive to muslims ( if muslims even believe that , cause i honestly dont know ) . 
  i think `` entitledness '' has nothing to do with being muslim . 
  can you be more precise ? 
  which media ? 
  would said media even be consumed by the refugees ? 
  just trying to get a handle on the overall situation . 
  who is telling them they are ? 
  edit : this is an honest question . 
  actually there is . 
  religious freedom can be limited if it conflicts with `` stately laws '' , since they take precedence . 
  especially if they impact or threaten the basic democratic order ( which is protected by basic law , the german constitution ) . 
  i remember a case a year or so ago of a cult ( or some super christian sect or sth . ), 
  getting raided , and children who were raised by that cult taken into state care . 
  simply because the cults practices conflicted with stately law . 
  `` religious freedom '' in germany only goes as far as the law of the state allows it . 
  and good luck getting a muezzin legalized in germany . 
  no town will ever go for that . 
  -- im not sure what to think of all of this , since i myself am actually entirely secular , i.e. 
  atheistic , but not really interested in spreading my `` believe '' to others . 
  i can see the appeal of religion , and i can see that muslims would want a place of worship , especially when theyre refugees , i.e. 
  in a time of hardship . 
  i do recognize however the potential problem with introducing a ton of muslim religion into a country predominantly shaped by christian values , to the point where church and state do still cooperate in some forms ( e.g. 
  religion classes in public schools , and church taxes collected by the state ) . 
  well see what the future brings . 
  i hope this works out in a positive fashion , and the refugees not only bring their culture here , but also adopt some of the more positive german values , like overall secularism . 
  a somewhat futile hope , but a man can dream : s. 
  did you happen to also do a control question , for who lives where ? 
  it would be interesting to see how many of those listed actually live in the country they want to go to , and which country is most disliked by its own citizens . 
   just woke up  had `` not perfect '' in mind missed to delete `` not '' figured as much , but i wasnt sure . 
   non the less we currently have the lowest numbers for decades well , yeah , cause the manipulation started a few years ago ( i think that was under schr\u00f6der ) , and were not doing too badly economically speaking : s. internationally i still wouldnt put too much stock in the german numbers . 
  right , only its not indicative of the situation relative to other nations , which would be important in this particular case . 
  the unemployment rate would have to be calculated exactly the same way in each of the compared nations , to truely get a sense of the overall economic situation . 
  and thats just not the case . 
   it 's far from perfect , and not prone to manipulations . 
  do you honestly think the statistic is * not * prone to manipulations ? 
  hate to tell you this : that unemployment rate is a statistical lie , mostly fabricated due to the way `` unemployed '' is defined in germany , with people `` looking for work '' not actually included in the statistic , cause they arent `` unemployed '' , theyre `` looking for work '' . 
  at least thats what it was like last time i checked . 
  hell , thats even true in germany , believe it or not . 
  the german numbers are just `` fudged '' a bit more than the average person knows about . 
  if i cared about karma , i wouldnt have said what i said . 
  : s i always find it a bit pathetic when people censor themselves just so theyd get upvoted . 
  that said , its equally as pathetic to go through someones voting history to downvote , just cause of something they said ( not that i never did that ; its still pathetic though ) . 
  ah well ... reddit !, 
  :d we had a nice chat . 
  i enjoyed it . 
  cheerio . 
  pissed of a bunch of people in a few different threads , and presumably im either tagged or theyre going through my voting history . 
  nothing new . 
  just reddit . 
  ouch . 
  that sounds a lot worse than i originally thought . 
  thanks for pointing a few things out . 
  so you think the german companies are/might be `` good targets '' right now , as opposed to other companies , and that hence the german companies are in the spotlight ? 
  could be . 
  it could also be that it really * is * just the german companies .
