  fuck the eu . 
  let it burn . 
  lets see how eu countries will fare then . 
  who knows , maybe itll be better for everyone . 
  ( i doubt it , though ) at this point , it seems obvious to me that the eu expanded too fast into territories that may well not have been ready for it . 
  itll be a fucking hassle , itll be painful for more than a few people , but lets do it . 
  lets break up the eu . 
  lets see what happens . 
  i have honestly no clue what will happen , but at this point im sick of all the anti-eu bullshit , and people and countries unwilling to defer sovereignty . 
  if its not happening now , whos to say itll ever happen ? 
  and without defering power to the eu , theres really no point to it , is there ? 
  its in essence just a trade union . 
  beaurocracy and politics is pretty much the same wherever you go . 
  even in germany . 
  seems like a stalling tactic to me , so countries will eventually give in to either public or international pressure to share refugees . 
  just out of curiousity , how would these things have been handled before the existence of the eu ? 
  would these refugees ever have made it to the german border ? 
  i honestly dont know . 
  its possible we * did * do this , and also possible that the impact a guard has is noticable/significant . 
  if we have stats to show there , id love to see them . 
  keep in mind that this is at best anecdotal/potentially only a single incident . 
  might not be representative of the entire security force . 
  depends on the respective size of the refugee complex . 
  it may very well be impossible for even a handful of guards to effectively cover the entire area . 
  and if its actually an organized effort ( which you cant ever rule out ) , it wont matter how many guards you place . 
  the most effective thing would imo be cameras , but even they arent foolproof . 
  -- a little anecdote that came to mind : back when i was at university , we didnt have to pay for parking ( yet ) . 
  then one year they decided `` well install some gates , and have a parking fee , once you want to leave '' . 
  the very first night , despite nightguard ( s ) , all the gates were stolen . 
  im not kidding . 
  someone went to the respective gates with tools , and effectively dismantled them , took them with him . 
  security footage apparently couldnt help in making out who did it . 
  -- nightguards generally dont do much in terms of prevention if you ask me , though arguably they are usable as a means of more quickly detecting damage that has already been done . 
  you got ta keep in mind , that most likely a nightguard that isnt part of the police force wont be armed , or for that matter even allowed to carry weapons inside germany . 
  that means once they are outnumbered , its incredibly easy to overwhelm them , if youre determined enough . 
  just to put some perspective down here . 
  im not sure that would help , tbh . 
  how many nightguards did you have in mind per centre ? 
  well in that case theres a simple answer : you can not ever let terrorist actions have an influence on decisions you are making . 
  the second you let terrorism impact what you are doing ( beyond a reasonable point , such as arguably increased security ) is the moment you are giving in to terrorism . 
  cause thats what terrorism wants . 
  to influence your decisions . 
  increased security can * arguably * be excepted from this , due to its counter-terrorist nature . 
  but even that measure can become a problem at some point . 
  as such , you should not base your decisions to eat `` 5-a-day '' on terroist threat , but rather on whether or not you actually want to eat 5-a-day , or see a benefit to it , that would entice you to do it even if you dont want to . 
  5-a-day ? 
  im unfamiliar with this phrase . 
  and what do you think should be done about the problem ? 
  just curious . 
  never going to happen . 
  germany and france are the two founding members of the original union , the `` mountain union '' . 
  the idea of the eu originated with them . 
  if you remove them , you might as well dissolve the union . 
  thats what i see as a pretty big problem overall . 
  europe is still pretty diverse , both culturally and economically . 
  im not sure well * ever * have readiness of individual states to give up sovereignty in the name of the union , especially in areas where this is likely to the respective states ' detriment . 
  im wondering more and more if the eu ideal of a united europe is viable at all ... 
  ive been wondering about that : why has this been allowed ? 
  im not saying germany is completely innocent , but youd think people would actually push back against this , if it actually is that bad . 
  i got ta be honest , ive had my doubts in the past year or two . 
  mostly due to the way greece , or rather the greek crisis , was handled . 
  ive started to think that a true european union is a practical impossibility due to cultural and economic differences , even within the relatively similar states of the eu . 
  i dont know if i am for or against the european union , i havent made up my mind yet , but im certainly starting to see some cracks . 
  maybe the eu expanded to quickly into territories where it had no business expanding into ( yet ? ) . 
  maybe its completely impossible to truely unite europe : s. i honestly cant tell . 
  the longer i pay attention , the longer i think the very idea of the eu is a bit naive . 
  i dont know what else to say on this . 
  thats just what im seeing/thinking/feeling right now . 
   no , i 'm not . 
   you 're putting words in my mouth and resorting to a strawman argument . 
  this is what you said :  you 'll have to , the whole of the eu will have to because germany opened up the eu 's borders to millions of people they ca n't possibly know who is among them . 
  this is the whole point . 
  in reply to me saying  absolute safety can not exist . 
  deal with it . 
  now its not * explicitly * in there , but the implication is pretty damn clear . 
  your denying it does not help your case . 
  --  it 's also objective fact that when you invite millions of people into your country , immigration controls will be overwhelmed , and many violent and dangerous people will slip through the net and not be picked up by authorities ( bit like that libyan wandering around the streets of saxony with a machete from the other day ) . 
  this is not ` fear mongering ' , once more , this is objective fact . 
  you have no basis for this assumption . 
  again . 
  hence : fear mongering . 
   no idea what you 're on about here , that much is evident . 
  you dont seem to grasp the basic mathematics involved in determining a statistically significant increase in crime or murder rates . 
  let me make this simple : if you have 10000 people , and 1 in 1000 kills a person , then adding 100 people , who on average have a murderer rate of 1 in 100 ( ten times as high ) will mean that now instead of 10 people murdering each year , youll have 11 . not a statistically significant increase in murderers . 
  hence : fear mongering . 
  and just to preemt that : even if its not murders , the same logic applies to crime as a whole . 
   again , you do n't understand my point . 
  the probability is that there will be violent people among the millions of migrants/refugees arriving into the eu , not that there 'll be an overwhelming rise in murders ? 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  there 's that strawman argument again . 
  no its not . 
  your one comment i cited earlier , the one i referred to as `` fear mongering '' , clearly indicates this is what you meant . 
  you could have chosen way better words if you had so desired . 
   it 's a point i never made . 
  yes you did . 
  not as explicitly , but you `` cleverly '' ( or perhaps fiendishly ? ), 
  left it up to me to interpret this based on your comment . 
  now , if you dont think that were adding a significant numer of murderers or criminals , then theres no point to your post as a whole . 
  why say `` youll have to deal with it '' , if you dont think theres going to be more problems due to refugees ? 
  and if the problems arent as major as murders , then this is an even * worse * case of fearmongering , cause youre trying to make a mountain out of a molehill .
