  the rest goes to waste . 
  i doubt that . 
  if that were true , we could turn back some of the other powerplants we currently have running as well , saving on co2 emissions there . 
  but were nowhere near there with current renewables . 
  this seems like utter horseshit to me , sorry . 
  im not sure . 
  our energy consuption here in germany is so high , that even a high percentage of renewables cant compensate for our generation via coal and oil . 
  what i went by were the stats in the kyoto protocol , which clearly indicate a downward trend in emissions for germany that i think is unparalleled in countries with heavy industrialization . 
  so it depends how you want to interpret it . 
  relatively speaking theres been a significant change , however , in co2 emissions , and i think that alone justifies the example i used , cause this change did come largely due to education . 
  i am aware that northern countries have a higher percentage of green energy , but of the heavily industrialized countries , germany is a global leader in regards to `` being green '' . 
  this isnt a sense of superiority or some such bullshit , its based on the data ive seen in regards to the kyoto protocoll , and how well its being kept . 
  in regards to nuclear waste : not a chance to store the shit in germany . 
  for a variety of reasons , not the least of which is political feasibility . 
  i doubt that . 
  short term survival is always more important than long term survival . 
  : s i think evolutionarily well never get around this issue . 
  youre right . 
  this is a general human problem , sadly . 
  education can combat it to some degree , i.e. 
  you have to convince people that the long term plan actually is the better plan . 
  a good example for this are environmental policies in germany . 
  germany is as `` green '' a country , simply because people are educated on climate change . 
  if it werent for that , i doubt wed be that different from any other country in that respect . 
  and then theres the issue , that greece isnt exactly the only example of `` debt nullification '' in recent time , if you will . 
  the reunification is a pretty damned good example of that aas well , and even to this day , west germany still pays for the reunification to east germany . 
  this is a tough fucking sale for germans . 
  like i said earlier , practical arguments of `` what is best for greece '' might no longer work . 
  its not like germany itself is devoid of problems , afterall . 
  its not about his policies , neccessarily . 
  there was an issues with him mishandling public funds . 
  when he was charged , his defense came down to `` i remember nothing '' . 
  and he got away with it . 
  as for reunification , most people ive talked to seem to think he was just in the right place at the right time , nothing more . 
  the sort of thinking in this article is really pissing me off tbh . 
  germany lost both ww 1 and 2 , and in both cases reparations were paid . 
  your example of intellectual property is especially obvious for something so mundane youd never think it : aspirin . 
  in germany thats still a protected brand name , and only bayer is allowed to use that name afaik . 
  lets also not forget the intellectual exodus from germany especially of rocket scientists , which effectively enabled russia and america to get into space . 
  comparing the ww2 situation to the current one is utterly ridiculous from where im standing , and frankly , if you ever want to create german resentment , envoke the whole `` you guys used to be nazis '' shit . 
  its been done so often , and frankly germany has done more than most countries involved with the axis powers to make up for past mistakes , arguably more than enough . 
  -- ill be blunt here : if greece has the right to hold a referendum and use it as a basis for its international politics , then so has germany . 
  if that happens : good . 
  luck . 
  as it stands you wont get support for continueing to pay for greek debt . 
  at this point , the german people might no longer even be convinced by practical arguments . 
  ill give it 20 % of approval tops in germany . 
  fuck , the more * i * hear about this the more i think the only solution to this whole deal is to make/let greece leave the eurozone , maybe even the union . 
  but , well see what happens , wont we ? 
  not on single issues , though . 
  [ this ] ( http://gyazo.com/388be737eca7c07092751f592d9f8f8c ) is what i think about that idea, 
  to be fair , either result could be adequately displayed by this picture . 
  greece had to choose between bad and bad , maybe worse . 
  because they could have gotten that feedback within the last 6 months before this deal expired , so a `` yes '' vote would have meant something . 
  but they dont want that . 
  at least thats the impression i continue to get . 
  i can not in good conscience condone the behaviour of the greek government . 
  i simply cant . 
  if this truely is a `` government of the people '' , that makes it even worse . 
  populism gets you elected , but it rarely makes for good policy . 
  if germany acted according to the will of the people , greece would be utterly fucked . 
  actually , if greece hadnt lied , things would be a lot better , wouldnt they ? 
  you cant just ignore the personal responsibilities of one country , that misrepresented its financial status , in order to benefit from the euro . 
  thats not even remotely comparable to a `` known risk '' , like the one youre describing , cause * that bit * was known to both parties beforehand . 
  they cheated and they lied . 
  now its caught up with them . 
  whether or not the euro always had this weakness is irrelevant , cause greece knowingly entered this relationship . 
  the other euro countries on the other hand were mislead to allow greece into the union . 
   after months of character assassination and slander in the media who did that to whom ? 
  im kinda having trouble identifying who youre arguing for , cause honestly : this could potentially be said about both parties . 
   they deemed it useful to remind the trojka that their negotiation position is not the whim of particular personalities , but solidly mandated by the greek population . 
  and is that supposed to be a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  cause honestly , that doesnt seem like a good thing . 
  if you held a referendum in germany today if greece was supposed to be given any more money , the answer would be around 90 % `` no '' . 
  thats where the german populus is at . 
  if youre arguing on a state level , you cant just fall back and say `` but our population doesnt want it '' . 
  of course they dont want it . 
  why the fuck would they ? 
  its your job as a representative to get the deal thats best for the population , and then sell it to them . 
  not to go there , and say `` nah , i dont want to pay that '' , pointing the finger back at the people in your country , saying '' ** they ** dont want that '' as a representative , you have vastly more information . 
  or youre supposed to have it . 
  shoving it back onto the people is a cowardly move if i ever heard one . 
  ... this whole thing just pisses me off . 
  except , ive heard others say different things already . 
  doesnt matter , i think ive formed my opinion based on the information available to me . 
  but thank you for the response . 
  because the mess was to a vast degree caused by greek policy employed before they joinded the euro , essentially cheating their way in . 
  theyve already had most of the debt erased ( or was it `` just '' half ? ) . 
  im sorry , but this line of argument seems like utter nonesense to me . 
  thats cause we didnt lose anything . 
  as with greece , we stand where we were before today . 
  its just that now its clear that greece will not budge in future negotiations . 
  i dont know what comes next , but logic dictates either europe will budge , or greece will over a longer period of time be kicked out of the eurozone , potentially even the eu ( though that seems very unlikely ) . 
  nothing to celebrate , but for the average german , not much changes . 
  the question is how long itll take them , and how rocky the road will get . 
  cause a lot of shit can happen . 
  theyll likely need to rethink their economic structure as well , and they will probably lose a lot of luxuary . 
  : s well see what happens as it happens . 
  nah , you got it right . 
  im pretty open about it on this account , that im german .
