  how about boyfriend who ended his relationship because it was n't working out and both members had a different future in mind ? 
  some people need to let it go , do you hate australia , new zealand , norway etc. . because they have different ideas and visions as a country ? 
  their food is all over the world now , whether its fast-food or grill etc. . 
  lets be honest , its something most people hate to love :p, 
  kebabs in the uk are lamb by default , might have thrown you off ? 
  theres also really shitty kebab places too . 
  personally my best kebab experience was in france , second best is my local kebab shop in the uk . 
  have tried one german kebab , and there was too much bread and too little meat . 
  garlic mayo was nice though , and so was the price !, 
  will have to try more next time i visit  there needs to be a europe-wide kebab version of the chicken connoisseur on youtube . . 
  feel free to downvote me to hell , but i cant stand most italian food . 
  i do n't like pizza and pastas too much , so that probably does n't help . 
  * glorious food !, 
  the pansies down south do n't know what they are missing !, 
   i think there are similarities uk and dutch food in particular too , especially regarding meaty potato dishes , licorice and maybe deep fried stuff too . 
  isnt currywurst kinda a german/british invention that only germany carried through ? 
  i heard somewhere that british troops and german troops shared their rations after ww2 thus creating the currywurst . 
  might be a myth though . 
  i wonder if le pen would top trump to be craziest decision . 
  brexit seems pretty tame now relatively speaking , what a crazy few years . 
  i 'm not following you about ww1 films , there isnt many i can think of , and the allies including england did win the war , so what 's wrong with that ? 
  also every country let out trash every now and then , i 'd say britain , although some of the production is shitty , produces quite a large percentage of well received films relatively speaking, 
  legal in the uk too , they sell tons of alcohol making kits and yeast at wilkos - not sure about distilling though, 
  i 'm going to go with this , straight from the british countryside : http://www.itv.com/news/anglia/2016-02-26/town-in-mourning-after-goose-killed-in-drive-by-shooting/, 
  the sort of people who resent germans in the uk probably resent lots of other nationalities , groups or whatever , comes with the package . 
  there 's nothing specific about germany in general , though if you resent the eu , germany might gain a bit more attention because it is often seen as the leader . 
  might be the odd old , probably senile person who still resents germany for the war too , but ca n't say ive come across someone who is serious about that still . 
  some people might refer to germans and kraut or boast about winning the war but that is n't necessarily resentment of the germany today , but rather the past . 
  overall i would say germany is held in high regard despite our retreat from the eu , among younger people especially . 
  there 's probably people from around the world who follow british series like midsummer murders and think quaint little british villages are completely full with evil backstabbing old ladies and murderous family disputes haha, 
  british far right groups never really materialise into something to worry about like le pen or wilders . 
  even with brexit ukip ( which is arguably tame compared to edl or britain first ) peaked at around 13 % . 
  mostly just involves protests with signs at certain events . 
  not much exposure nowadays , used to be more 5 or so years ago . 
  there 's a name for them , but things like downton abbey , pride and prejudice , atonement seem to be typically british and kinda a genre if that makes sense ? 
  you also seem to get a lot more films that focus on specific iconic people coming out of the uk . 
  i 'm thinking kings speech , churchill , the queen , iron lady and the imitation game etc. . not really a genre but a typical for award winning british films . 
  also murder mysteries like midsummer murders are ironically british i think ? 
  oh also british horrors tend to have a dark comedy aspect , infact comedy makes its way into quite a lot of british films, 
  haha well mcdonalds now has tablets the kids and play games on whilst they eat and you can order your food from big touchscreens instead of from staff in most mcdonalds nowadays . 
  oh people talk to you at bus stops in northumberland , and sometimes then they follow you onto the bus and keep talking to you . 
  nice old people are the biggest culprits !, 
  same with mcdonald 's and kfc, 
  cider , gin and tonic , ale , scotch and mead in some places . 
  also sparkling wine is getting really popular in the south of england , winning a surprising amount of international awards . 
  britanny * looks * similar to cornwall and they both like cidre if that counts , plus they have similar languages if i 've got that right, 
  yeah he 's a pretty great actor , definately one of the greats to come out of europe imho, 
  haha that 's so accurate , especially up north strangers will try to make conversation whenever possible . 
  i was showing my dutch in-laws around in northumberland and the old people flocked around like pigeons when they heard their accent for sweet sweet small talk . 
  whilst the positions of the queue are well maintained i 'll admit that the queues can get a little mad in the villages/north etc. . . 
  i saw some picture on reddit of a queue in sweden where everyone was standing miles apart and i have to admit that would be nice from time to time when you just want to escape and listen to music or whatever !, 
  difficult to think of anything like that for the uk . 
  london so very much influenced by a lot of cultures and nationalities that it can really stand out as foreign when compared to some parts of the uk , but in some ways it is very representative of british culture . 
  the north of england is not so reserved and more open , so in that sense it is close to ireland or scotland ( not sure about wales ) whilst london and much of the southern cities are more politically aligned with scotland ( more left wing , pro eu if that makes sense ? ), 
  nothing more similar to france or any other european countries i can think of unless any other brits can correct me . 
  haha im joking ofcourse , queing is a silly word and you are not silly continentals , i 'll reserve that word for anything lower than denmark where civilised society turns to mayhem ... 
  since i live in a small village qing is definately taken seriously to the point where people will call you out if you do n't abide . 
  i guess we share a lot in common when it comes to common courtesy !, 
  best gardens in all of europe , coolest police cars too . 
  am i next in line to call bullshit on this complete and utter nonsense ? 
  do n't listen to the silly continentals they 've lost their bloody minds . 
  we 're you in london during your queuing experience in the uk by any chance ? 
  if so it 's the bloody tourists i 'm telling ya . . where i 'm from , stereotype aside , queuing really is a thing and routine is very rarely broken . 
  honestly ca n't think of who to nominate for the uk , there 's too many . 
  benedict cumberbatch and idris elba , or michael caine ? 
  who would you nominate for the us , it 's hard when there 's so many . 
  makes a great drinking game , i do n't think many people in the uk take it seriously but i 'm sure there 's some hardcore fans . 
  it used to be hilarious when terry wogan was commentator , ever since graham northam took over its still funny but not what it used to be . 
  my dutch girlfriend goes crazy for reeses , you guys just love peanut butter !, 
  come to the uk we sell or sorts of reeses things , i know because i have to bring a ton of it over everytime i visit . . 
  vomited in my carrier bag at the beginning of a 10 hour eurolines bus , my headphones and ipod were in there which sucks . 
  so technically my worst experience in europe dragged on for the duration of time in france , belgium and the netherlands . 
  got to liege with my carrier bag which did n't leak thank god , went to the toilets ... but there was an attendant in the main station charging for entry to the toilets which sucked and she would n't let me in to cleanup when i said i had no change . 
  for that reason i am very bitter about liege . 
  funny enough i 'm writing this from the same eurolines journey to liege before my train to the netherlands !, 
  luckily i have not vomited yet ... 
  fighting the spanish is the sort of thing an idiot would say , not english people . 
  perhaps an outspoken retired mp who wants to stir up trouble or something ... on the otherhand fighting anyone/thing in general sounds like something a glaswegian would do, 
  in 2015 it was nearly double the growth , 2016 was similar too ... 
  in 2014 the uk grew the equivalent of 4 years more than france in gdp growth . 
  that 's even more significant than i thought , cheers !, 
  yeah , you just proved my point ? 
  haha that gave me a nice laugh , but unfortunately for good old french the latter still applies , 
  if you base it on currency that is . . otherwise no . 
  uk grew significantly stronger last year and many years before that . 
  edit - * go on !, 
  downvote me because it hurts  *, 
  i suppose they are a result of people living in flats instead of houses with gardens right ? 
  ca n't stress that enough . 
  it 's not i like go on askeurope because everyone believes in my views , it 's just things are discussed here in a mature and polite manner and everyone feels welcomed . 
  just like the sikhs too , they have really wonderful communities in the uk that contribute so much . 
  free in the uk , i think some scandinavian countries/eastern european countries and more , not free at all in places like germany , france , belgium and the netherlands, 
  could n't agree more , food from us can be amazing, 
  you get similar things in the uk as diners , but maybe because have similar breakfasts ( full english ) . 
  weird thing americans do with breakfast is mixing sweet with savory . 
  in the uk it 's hit or miss , public toilets are free and are often fine , clean and close late at night so no homeless people , but at tiny village train stations or whatever often vandals will ruin it for everyone and the toilet will be out of order . 
  yeah in some countries like france , belgium , netherlands and germany i 've noticed even highway rest areas are paid for . 
  like a lot of people are saying though if you are desperate you can go to a bar or mcdonalds which is free if your sneaky, 
  thats what they are called here , you usually get a couple in each town or village . 
  do n't you get them in the us ?
