  uk has the most dogs in the [ eu though ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/414956/dog-population-european-union-eu-by-country/ ), 
  cheaper booze . 
  there are people who travel to france via the ferry specifically for cheap wine . 
  i believe it 's called a booze cruise . 
  depends how it 's asked in the uk . 
  i often ask people how they are if there 's no queue or if it 's not busy . 
  if they say not bad thanks and nothing else that 's the end of the exchange which is perfectly normal and if they answer properly then it 's a nice conversation . 
  win win . 
  police are friendly !, 
  i 've literally just crossed the border in calais and i can confirm border force are the same . 
  i do this journey every few weeks , on the french side it 's pure misery on the british side it 's smiles and friendly small talk . 
  always the same and even now when security is slightly more tense . 
  haha that was actually a mistake , i meant not always known for good beer *, 
  there are many places in the uk that look like the us , only so much tinier . 
  but if you were not aware of the size you could quite easily feel like wandering the most remote plains in the us . 
  kielder forest stuck out like that for me, 
  uk by any chance ? 
  i notice this more in the uk than other european nations , pickups have certainly become more popular but it 's more of an asian export to the uk and they tend to be less wide than the typical us stock . 
  infact the pickups we get are the same as the ones in australia, 
  blue moon was unique and delicious . 
  the us is always known for good beer but i think that 's wrong . 
  la chouffe blonde was great , i have lots of nice memories i associate with it . 
  visited the brewery too . 
  i 'd happily accept anything from la chouffe too . 
  london pride was my first pint ordered from a pub , i liked it then and still do . 
  it my go to if the guest ale selection is n't great . 
  do n't worry we will be providing you with plenty of humour and entertainment for as long as the government is in power !, 
  yeah i get that . 
  a lot of cities in the uk are naff because they were rebuilt on the cheap after the war . 
  coventry used to be beautiful for example . 
  i do however think the suburbs in the uk and ireland ( which are very similar ) are a nicer alternative to living in apartments like you get in spain , germany etc. . having a private garden on the doorstep is really important to me . 
  ofcourse it 's not helping the housing crisis though . 
  yup it 's our stubbornness for privacy and wanting our own house . 
  i 'm part of the problem because i would never want to live in an apartment , it 's just ingrained into society . 
  why do you hate them ? 
  british cities differ from most other european cities because almost all people live in houses instead of apartments but houses are much more compact to us houses and are more commonly semi-detached, 
  the uk and ireland are the same as the us when it comes to houses , very few people live in apartments , only semi-detached houses are much more common here . 
  london is not compact in the slightest, 
  i 'm talking about two separate single journeys , maastricht to eindhoven is 18 euros , going back another ( or the same day ) is another 18 euros on card . 
  on uk trains you can get a return ticket in which the journey back is basically free , but the journey there is considerably more expensive if you get what i mean . 
  my house to london which is an hour is about 18 euros , but a return is like 2 euros extra . 
  maastricht to eindhoven is 18 euros , but going back is a further 18 euros . 
  ( i do n't know if its like this if you return on the same day ) so it depends on your journey , not all returns are cheap and long distance trains in the uk are extortionate for peak hours , but depending on your situation it can be better . 
  for instance , by picking a late running train i got a 20 euro ticket to cornwall which is 6 hours by train on standard rate . 
  i have an anonymous ov chipkaart for when i visit , and its cheaper for buses but it seems to be the same price for trains one way or both , unless i use samenreiskorting in which case it costs me 10 euros for an hour journey ( which does help ! ) . 
  i do quite like the hema all day travel cards for 13.99 . 
  i always make sure to stock up on those . 
  problem i 've found in the netherlands is single tickets are half the price as returns , in the uk i could go to margate ( 3 hour journey ) for # 30 whilst a return would be # 35 . 
  a return ticket from maastricht to eindhoven costs me i think 36 euros all together because it 's two singles . 
  and that 's a very small journey ( 1 hour ), 
  i 'd say this this specific question is n't dumb at all . 
  people get too picky over who is represented in the media in many different circumstances too . 
  i do n't know if you know midsummer murders , but its a modern day murder mystery that sorta mirrors 1940 's era setting ... 
  in the very traditional british countryside . 
  the series was pounded because there was n't enough black british extras despite the fact it does n't align with the setting at all and the show was basically forced to cast more . 
  i get that its important for equal opportunities and the correct settings should adopt a fair diversity in media . 
  its also good to promote role-models and such , but it sometimes goes too far imo . 
  well to me i thought the bits that sounded off were deliberately quirky for the role . 
  needless to say people will never talk like that here in the uk !, 
  to be honest it goes the other way , i always thought the killers were a very british band , it surprised me to find out they were american . 
  same goes for [ peter dinklage ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0227759/ ) and [ alan tudyk ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0876138/?ref_=tt_cl_t6 ) . 
  fair point about john boyega . 
  i think a lot of americans get bamboozled over actors they did n't realize [ were british ] ( http://www.kiwireport.com/25-celebs-didnt-know-british/ ) . 
  most surprisingly is the amount of black british actors playing african american roles , it has even brought along quite a bit of [ controversy ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/film/2017/mar/08/get-out-daniel-kaluuya-samuel-l-jackson-black-british-actors ) . 
  a few of dozens that come to mind include : john boyega - ( finn ) star wars idris elba - ( stringer bell ) the wire & ( heimdall ) thor daniel kaluuya - ( chris ) get out david harewood - ( david estes ) homeland david oyelowo - ( martin luther king jr ) selma chiwetel ejiofor ( solomon northup ) 12 years a slave lennie james - ( morgan ) the walking dead, 
  never heard a french rap song before . 
  in the uk it 's more british grime and american rap . 
  i 'd imagine language plays a big part in that, 
  there 's an enormous amount of fried chicken shops in london , way more than anywhere else in europe or even maybe the us in my experience !, 
  `` sahara '' that 's adorable haha , pretty place though . 
  that is another place that would be fantastic to wild camp . 
  brittany can look very similar to cornwall , especially in-land . 
  you can actually see from just the way all the fields and rivers look on google maps , which is a stark difference to many other places in both countries . 
  i think they are both fantastic places . 
  i want to wild camp in the 4th picture , looks fantastic . 
  looks cool !, 
  what are the names of the locations ? 
  there are plans to build paramount london , which looks [ really amazing ] ( http://m.kentlive.news/top-bosses-are-confident-london-paramount-entertainment-resort-will-go-ahead/story-30182591-detail/story.html ) . 
  if all goes to plan which seems to be the case it will open in 2022 . 
  one of the recent far right groups in the uk has a gay/lesbian division , a jewish division and i think black and polish divisions ( edl ) . 
  the group has transformed gone amd it supporters now support britain first but i think the far right has really started to focus on muslims now . 
  the older bnp beforehand was more varied . 
  the qatar crisis is n't nearly as prominent in uk new as you would expect . 
  probably because of terrorism and the election but it 's quite big really . 
  i agree it should be fought relentlessly , it 's a ridicolous rule . 
  i am not always a fan of the eu but these countries are willingly inside a union where these rules exist . 
  simply ignoring them completely undermines the integrity of the union . 
  i honestly think the eu is overstepping bounderies with these quotas and it 's the sort of thing that will put people off further integration . 
  but a rule is a rule , they should definately fight it but ultimately this is the union they joined and benefit heavily from . 
  i 'm british and i find accent varies in the netherlands when speaking english . 
  there often is the very distinct dutch accent , but often i 'll stumble across someone who sounds very english/british to the point where i wonder if they are . 
  then there are dutch people with a very american accents too . 
  i guess it depends on how english is practised and what media is primarily consumed ? 
  also i genuinely thought frans timmerman was british and working for dutch politics . 
  that 's the story for a lot of sikhs in the uk too . 
  not always hostile ofcourse , but many people assume . 
  girlfriend lives there . 
  also perth , australia because of family, 
  regarding whitewashing the bad parts of our history , we were horrible and so was much of the world . 
  sure people might not be aware of the bad things and think about them , but for most of us we live in a different country now .
