  at work there are a few french and german toys we sell too . 
  small earthquake in the uk , woke up in the night to slight rumbling , was so tired i just went back to sleep and forgot about it until i heard it on the news, 
  heres some snaps of newcastle on a [ bank holiday weekend !, 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3763434/collapsed-street-urinating-doorways-carted-police-s-just-bank-holiday-night-toon-newcastle-revellers.html ), 
  my girlfriend is dutch , i 'm english . 
  cultural differences are sometimes hilarious and it 's fun to stumble across them . 
  both my family are very typically english ( pub many times a week , overly polite , reserved etc. . ) and the dutch in-laws are very dutch ( they even have a caravan , they are very direct , deep fryer in the shed etc. . . ) dutch people seem to be able to adapt to my british ways so i 'm trying to learn to be more direct and keep learning dutch as a courtesy ( and because i 'd love to move there one day ) . 
  things that i accidently keep doing in the netherlands that confuse almost everyone is replying `` i 'm fine thanks or no worries , i 'm alright ! '', 
  as a way of saying no . 
  my girlfriend has mastered british way of life though , do n't know how she does it , she seems to be more up to date with slang and social norms than me , especially when moving up north . 
  she does however get baffled by the shit that goes on in evenings in places like newcastle which is fun to watch . 
  thats ... amazing , and each films is around 88 mins , do n't think we have anything like that in the uk . . 
  i also saw online that 2/3rds of all foreign visitors to cornwall are german , austrian or swiss . 
  the article i saw also said a lot of germans were upset with the weather because its always sunny in the show and not as much in real life haha . 
  well thats an interesting thing i 've learnt today !, 
  thanks for sharing , i loved the skit too . 
  i guess the closest thing coming from the uk is the les mis\u00e9rables film about one of the most important events in france and somehow all the french people have a british accent . 
  same goes for a number of historical films . 
  since they are all played as german actors , do they speak german , if so do the random shopkeepers or other extras speak german too ? 
  also i wonder if doc martin is aired in germany , its an english comedy about a miserable doctor set in cornwall too . 
  i like it , i feel as if discussion is much more civilized and balanced , but also very open to outsiders . 
  people seem more friendly here as opposed to / r/europe where you get downvoted or insulted to oblivion for holding a view that does n't keep in-line with the pro-federalization , anti-american , uk etc. . . ideas . 
  i do n't think it needs improving too much . 
  other people have mentioned about the threads about america , but i enjoy reading them . 
  there is a perfect amount of answers , almost all questions i ask on this sub-reddit get a fair amount the uk a strong presence here , but whats great for me is the variety of other countries too , sure there is a few that are less prominent , but generally you hear a response from users all around europe . 
  cheers mods for upholding a great sub-reddit !, 
  american . 
  also indian curries ( which are kinda british too if that counts ) and thai food . 
  i think the kebabs we have in the uk count as non-uk/european too . 
  chicken nuggets or chicken anything from iceland in the uk with salad and mccain 's fries did the trick for me as a student . 
  also curry pots using frozen chicken breast , rice and poppadoms from lidl . 
  for takeaway there 's some insanely cheap fried chicken shops in london , otherwise its usually quite expensive to do takeaway here . 
  did n't get too far , i think early 1800s , mum 's fathers side was all welsh and military ( including my mum ) , but it got confusing because so many welsh names were the same so i could n't accurately find connections . 
  my nans mother was essentially forced out of her community in wales because she gave birth to my nan too old which was a no no back then . 
  she looked incredibly masculine and was always carrying a shotgun in her pictures . 
  dad 's fathers side was interesting , a few death certificates from conflicts in south africa and ww1 . 
  some of my ancestors were farmers and taxis drivers ( from the 30s ) . 
  it was his side i managed to track back really far , and the most amazing thing was that i could some peoples address on records and visit the houses on street view . 
  one of my ancestors had taxi written as job and lived in a large london terraced house ( probably worth millions today ) . 
  unfortunately he lost many of his children ( or siblings , i dont quite remember ) and a few wives by the looks of it . 
  later died in combat . 
  and one of the ancestors i got to was a marriage certificate i believe , and it was a farmer who would have been born in the late 1700s i believe . 
  it had the name of the place he lived and it was a small hamlet in devon , i looked it up and saw the farmhouse i 'm pretty sure it was on streetview which was cool . 
  my dad 's mothers side was all dutch and i could n't find to many records unfortunately . 
  i did find connections to a place near eindhoven where my girlfriend lives though . 
  no they wo n't , i hope . . but even 30 % is a baffling amount of people to vote for a far right leader like le pen . 
  even during brexit the far right party ukip was getting less than 10 % of polling whilst all the other major parties were against leaving the eu . 
  a higher opinion for a population that has 40 % polling for voting someone like le pen in ? 
  do n't be so sure , and the fact remains , we were dangerously close to a le pen melenchon showdown . . 
  i would reconsider your view . 
  they may very well be fucked ( i 'm not french btw ) , but it still gives leaders like le pen or melenchon leverage when trying to sway the population , and it was already very close . 
  for your last point , all it takes for a eurosceptic leader exploit a countries success , even if it scewed like you say . 
  not everyone is going to take notice of the details , and there are also many people who are fine with the measures you mention ofcourse . 
  look at france , we came dangerously close to a le pen v melenchon election . 
  imagine if the argument for economic catastrophe was eased by a brexit success . 
  it would n't have taken much to sway the public . 
  it 's a huge leverage for a eurosceptic leader to campaign with . 
  thing is though for many countries just being economically ok outside the eu would push people away . 
  i would say the most powerful argument is the risk of recession and poor economy for decades . 
  considering how close france came to melenchon v le pen , with a poorer argument for economic catastrophe i can really see countries like france leaving . 
  it 's great having strict gun laws , it 's the same in the uk and has worked perfectly for us , but i believe other countries are entitled to make their own decisions , especially when it 's in their constitutions . 
  that hotel was a bummer , it was so ugly too , ruined a few photos and made the place feel like it was next to a giant city as opposed to the mountains . 
  i think the thing that makes stonehenge standout is the mystery of how and why people went to great lengths to transport rocks from around the uk to construct it . 
  i do n't think rock circles around the uk can match that . 
  but yeah , when you look at it , it 's just meh . 
  better to buy a book and read about it instead or atleast before visiting . 
  from my experience british people love to talk to you and are not shy in public like some of our northern european neighbors , with the exception of bigger cities like london . 
  brits will however tip toe over sensitive subjects and do not like confrontation like americans . 
  you do n't hear people talk about politics too much here . 
  the dutch are more open ( i spend a lot of my time there ) , but do n't small talk or strike up conversations as much as the british . 
  when they do there much less small talk , or at least the small talk is not as bland which is great haha . 
  with the exception of the uk , where specifically the further north you go the more people talk to you . 
  northern england can be a nightmare for a londoner in that respect . . 
  either pub after work with colleagues or friends or an open mic night with the family at the local , usually play an online game with the girlfriend , right now it 's elder scrolls online , or just drink beer alone and browse reddit . 
  either one is fine with me . 
  does the swedish royal family do the same thing as british royal family members , like promote charities , join military and do other symbolic things ? 
  you know what , we have a deal !, 
  europe ca n't survive without beautiful cities like krakow and warsaw anyway , and all the other great things poland has to offer, 
  yeah , the uk has tons of online resources including birth certificates and so on . 
  it 's on ancestory.com and you have to pay , i looked it up with a free trial and although there was nothing crazy it was cool because you could find out so much . 
  i could look at my ancestors houses on street view , one in london , which was my great great grandfather 's house i believe , and he was a taxi driver . 
  my mum 's family were all military ( apart from the wives ) , including my mum . 
  the thing that struck me the most is that on the census data , there would be a list of all family members and their children , and my ancestors on both sides had a lot of children ... 
  roughly half of which had died at very young ages . 
  also the men usually died in war ( some in india , others in ww1 ) . 
  if you are british , irish ( or anglosphere ) there are tons and you should try it on ancestory.com with a free trial !, 
  what a question . 
  i love all countries so i 'm going to have to think logistically . 
  gon na need uk and france for their militaries to protect europe ( also so i do n't disappear into thin air ) . 
  germany for its economic power and lack of crazy decisions as a country to keep us sane . 
  the netherlands because they plan ahead and uphold remarkable liberal values ahead of our time . 
  greece for their beaches and holiday , norway for their oil supply , belgium for la chouffe , switzerland for the scenery and mountains , sweden for the women , same goes for estonia and latvia . 
  proximity to middle-east and south asia , you get people coming in from mexico we get immigrants from north africa , middle east etc. . . also countries like the uk and france imported a lot of muslims from their ex colonies . 
  therefore there are more muslims in western europe , and whilst most are moderate and would never become terrorists more as a percentage of the population slip the net than the us . 
  it 's worth noting that the us is the same in this regard , the uk , germany and pretty much any other country bar france and belgium recieve similar amounts of attacks or less . 
  it 's funny , wales has celtic roots that are very prominent today , such as the language still been spoken by a fair amount of people , it looks and feels more in touch with that too and the scenery is stunning . 
  there 's lots of unique and quirky things wales has to offer and they are always bunched in with england , perhaps because they are more politically aligned . 
  the uk . 
  spent younger years in oz , born and live in the uk . 
  can be very crazy from time to time .
