my girlfriend ( from the netherlands ) made it for new years eve here in the uk everyone loved it . . also kapsalon and stroopwafels ( the extra buttery kind especially ) food in general was just high quality over there in my opinion even if it was n't dutch . 
  probably in response to the naming of our team as great britain , perhaps op searched for united kingdom or england, 
  its not right i tell you , somethings off !, 
  europes getting too scary , its time to go . . brexit brexit brexit !, 
  the normal england day out is sunny and this ones rainy ? 
  somethings not right !, 
  hmmm theres a # 12 train from london ( marylebone st ) thats id highly recommend to a village called great missenden , you should check that out online , beautiful typical english village and there 's the roald dahl museum there . 
  also if you can afford it there 's no reason for not doing a day trip to brighton , but like lion_lxiv says london is huge and needs a good amount to visit . 
  in the uk we love cider , i was surprised at the lack of ciders in dutch and german supermarkets . 
  i think pub culture is uniquely british/irish , if you ever visit the uk , go to a pub and you will experience a true british way of life without the `` reserved '' stereotype which is true in cities like london . 
  also despite the significant alcohol abuse seen by british tourists continental europe , we do n't all drink like our lives depend on it , but many of the people who do drink get blackout drunk and you will see it in all cities and towns on a friday/saturday night ( especially student cities ) , mainly due to the nhs providing free healthcare i think . 
  [ its going to get uglier ] ( http://www.constructionenquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/screen-shot-2015-07-30-at-09.59.36.png ) if you do n't like that , although overtime as more tall buildings are built it might start to make shape . 
  that 's old , london skyline looks very different still today, 
  it gets worse , this was happening for a long time , in rotherham and other places authorities did not act properly due to the risk of race riots . 
  for years this was going on completely ignored . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-40879427 ) is one convicted a few days ago . 
  if i was loaded places like that would be perfect for a second home to escape in each month , or just a holiday caravan . 
  yes , not militarily , the uk has a powerful military , but i worry that russians could effect internal politics with the use of hacking or smearing etc. . . 
  with the recent terror attacks and pedo rings there is almost certainly a growing unease towards the muslim \\ south asian population id imagine . 
  having said that the far right in the uk has not materialised in the same way as other european countries . 
  black people do n't get much negative attention at all really in my circles and area despite there being more than asians . 
  and the middle-east , qatar and uae had amazing highways, 
  which one do we get in the uk ? 
  i never knew there were two . . 
  definately yodel , they are atrocious, 
  the usa has 43 times the population of serbia . 
  if serbia had one school shooting then per capita it would be worse than the us . 
  besides that mass shootings are not unknown in serbia as 13 people were killed in one a few years back . 
  depends where you go , there 's lots of them in cornwall , where i live near london there 's very few . 
  i 'm talking about school shootings not gun ownership . 
  you have to remember there is a great population difference between the us and serbia so it does n't quite prove that it 's a culture problem . 
  in eindhoven when i visit many of your shops close early or altogether , more so than in the uk imo . 
  depends on whether its a heavily populated area with a lot of demand i suppose . 
  i remember turning on the tv to see that on the news , the footage of all the burning buildings along with the fact it has spread to almost every city made it look so apocalyptic , i was surprised only 5 people died . 
  yeah the military is widely respected . 
  there 's rememberance day and armed forces day . 
  at work we also do discounts for ex-military and i think military personal get cheaper train transport etc. . . 
  this is still nowhere on the level of the us though . 
  curry probably , or fish and chips, 
  wait why do they hate on france ? 
  it 's true , but i would say that movies are powerful when it comes to changing ones perspective of the events . 
  u-571 is pretty bad and disrespectful in that regard . 
  i think considering how influential films can be it 's important to atleast provide some references to the contributions of others or to ensure the events are somewhat accurate as long as it does n't compromise the quality of the film . 
  walkers crisps ( british lays ) do : salt and vinegar roast chicken cheese and onion smoky bacon beef and onion ready salted prawn cocktail marmite bbq worcester sauce there 's a ton of other crisp companies and you can get some weird stuff , like various sandwich flavors to indian dishes and even sweet puddings . 
  paprika flavour is almost unknown in the uk . 
  `` irish travellers '' i would assume then . 
  this is in the bucks , herts and oxfordshire region and as far as i know the area is notorious for them . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  yeah , the woods near me used to have a badger population , used to watch them in the evening with my dad . 
  the arseholes captured them for fighting games or killed them , now they are all gone . 
  i 'm english and sometimes i ca n't tell if someone has an accent from the uk or australia too , usually it 's obvious for me though . 
  ca n't tell difference between ca/us and au/nz too . 
  yeah i think that 's universal to be honest . 
  if someone made a joke about victims of the nazis here in the uk with strangers it would be frowned upon . 
  i would say a good number of coastal villages in cornwall would pass too , though they are very popular with internal visiters and germans ( so i learned on this sub ), 
  i visited giethoorn last summer , i would n't say unknown is the correct word to describe it , it was jam packed !, 
  absolutely beautiful mind you . 
  it 's more common with older people in the countryside/villages who might not have family/friends visiting often or are maybe lonely . 
  people never ask personal questions nor are direct ( though pubs and some other places might be different ) . 
  also most people would still say i 'm fine thanks and walk on , it rarely feels forced like how i was engaged in conversation in america . 
  nice warm bath every evening , after work when i walk back i 'm sweaty so i 'll have a cold bath . 
  shower is for when i 'm in a hurry , going out etc. . . 
  i 'm british and when i ask how are you to strangers i do n't actually mind if there 's a reply . 
  it 's actually quite common for older people to give an actual reply too . 
  it might also depend on where the person has come from . 
  there are many brits who come to my shop and talk more than americans . 
  the way i see it is that it opens up possible dialog if the other person wants to , both just saying i 'm fine thanks or giving a proper answer is acceptable , but it is only acceptable in circumstances that do n't include a busy queue behind at a shop or if one of both parties is clearly in a hurry , passing by etc. . 
  you will see tons around the nightlife spots in london , they are more of a quirky touristy way of getting around as opposed to something practical . 
  will-i-am kinda does a lot of stuff in the uk . 
  sandi toksvig has been living in the uk long enough to have a british accent , but she was born in denmark and has replaced stephen fry on qi . 
  there is also tim minchin from oz and reginald d. hunter from the us . 
  james corden went to my school . 
  i was young so i never really knew him , but i did recognize his face when i saw him on tv !, 
  oh god its hideous !, 
  thing is this will be different for individual countries , i would imagine there would be some very large muslim populations in specific countries by 2050 , whilst others will have non-existent populations . 
  fair enough , but wait and see what happens to us after we leave , 
  still around , reformed and politically close to my country . 
  i do n't want relations to stale with the eu after brexit negotiations , europe is too close culturally and politically to us ( relatively speaking ) , especially my generation , even if we do n't want to admit it . 
  i hope the uk government gets it shit together too , it goes hand in hand . 
  that would be really exciting to follow , its quite cool to visit these places when they are done , it can feel like crossing the border into another country . 
  yeah that counts , its quite pretty too !, 
  but the actors , or at least most of them are not afaik , charactors dont really mean much imo . 
  if all it takes is a few contributions then theres very few american films or a french films etc. . because it 's very common to have directors , actors , companies involved from other nations . 
  ex-machina one awards including best british film of the year too . 
  what about it is american out of interest ? 
  almost everyone involved is british or irish looking at the wiki, 
  that 's because we like houses , gardens and space , which is contributing to a very dense country . 
  the argument is that people in ireland only live in houses because its sparse , but thats not the case in the uk . 
  curry in the uk can be shockingly sweet depending on what you order ( korma , tikka masala ) and what restaurant you go to . 
  my favorite thing about curry is the side dishes , poppadoms with mango chutney is delicious . 
  you say that but england is the densest country in europe and housing is pretty much the same situation as ireland , there 's definately a refusal to live in an apartment here , even amidst a housing crisis . 
  uk and ireland are the biggest house loving countries in europe , much like other anglosphere countries ( though houses are smaller and often semi-detached ) . 
  spain , germany , italy and many others overwhelmingly live in apartments . 
  and a nice private garden !, 
  i spent my childhood there , i could never live in an apartment . 
  `` i think he 'd like it '' is quite a modest way of putting it for france , the food alone would make up for the grime, 
  maybe uk ireland and netherlands ? 
  lots more people live in houses in the uk and ireland which = more gardens ? 
  that might be nonsense . 
  i guess it depends on what makes a country dog friendly .
