  not a fan of the politics and over the top patriotism . 
  not a fan of many aspects of the culture such as guns etc. . 
  but you are friendly open people , the younger generations have a lot in common with the younger generations in the uk . 
  you also have great aspects of culture that you share with the world such as the media , food and so on . 
  always a pleasure to meet americans at my line of work too !, 
  happy our countries are good allies and friends , even with trump . 
  just hope he does n't make a second term !, 
  meh , i think we 're pretty arrogant too , or at least most european countries . 
  american arrogance is just more in your face with plenty of patriotism , we can be the snarky , self entitled kind of arrogant . 
  i 'd imagine it 's viewed the same from the uk as from new york or something . 
  we learn , hear and read about california from the same media or whatever you do . 
  hollywood , celebrities , la , democrat stronghold , more gay friendly/liberal etc. . 
  i 'd imagine not * as * many people know the different sides to california though , such as the landscape of yosemite , sierra nevada and the more republican areas and so on . 
  australia !, 
  i 've lived in both countries ( i 'm british ) and there 's so many similarities , it 's almost strange . 
  new zealand , canada too ofcourse . 
  politically the us is quite close too . 
  france is a bit of a frenemy and there are many things in common we are willing to admit . 
  i hope we can be besties in the future !, 
  ireland is loved too but i think it 's one-sided . 
  i think the netherlands has topped a few rankings for most favorably viewed country in europe for the uk . 
  doubt it 's completely mutual though . 
  why are you changing the subject ? 
  ill answer anyway . . 
  the eu was great in my opinion , but it was not compatible with the views of the british public in general though , federalization . . a european army . . closer integration these are things the uk would have blocked continuously , our culture has closer links with other countries , same goes for our politics . 
  british people would rather have a country that is more similar to australia . 
  england being the densest country in europe fueled worries of immigration and over population , this would only get worse and regardless of whether you think its right , the amount of immigration for the size of the country is quite staggering and could potentially have ramifications for the future . 
  does n't make you racism to have concerns . 
  boris johnson and nigel farage were front-runners for brexit but have very low approval ratings and are not romanticized ? 
  if you think that you have really misread the situation . 
  they just touched on subjects that got the attention of many brexiters . 
  boris johnson infact probably lost a lot of credibility after brexit , from brexiters alike . 
  nigel farages party is dead now ( and always was ) . 
  there are other more respectable leaders with ideas on the uk without the eu . 
  to further touch on immigration , the size of the country combined with the sheer amount of people visiting would have worried almost every country in europe . 
  the uk does not change money with a king , the royal family has almost zero influence , the uk keeps the pound and that is that . 
  royal famil has no real influence is mainly ceremonial , even though technically they can change things . 
  trump is nothing like brexit , he is a far right politician , brexit is an inevitable side-effect of the uk 's reluctant place in a ever integrating eu . 
  without britain the eu can move on with things , without the eu the uk can shape its future into a more realistic path . 
  that path could be back in the eu in the future , or it could be closer to the commonwealth , who knows . 
  the fact is the demographics are not in favour of the eu 's vision , they are not arseholes , or dickheads , or whatever insulting phrase you can come up with , they just want whats best for their country , right or wrong . 
  im wondering if france is going to be demoted to arseholes after the election lol . 
  how uk treats the eu ? 
  i think you mean * how the uk hurt your delicate personal feelings * that rebate was from the money it sent to the eu , you know that right ? 
  and you do realize on top of the rebate the uk still contributes a huge amount of money , far more than most ? 
  it is providing top intelligence ( in which an attack was tipped off by british intelligence in france a few days ago , literally saving lives ) . 
  the uk is leading a task force for defense in the baltics , these are pretty solid contributions . 
  but yeah the bastards !, 
  how dare they not join schengen !, 
  ireland too !, 
  how dare they keep a currency that has literally been so beneficial to them , if only they joined the rest of the euro countries and suffered . 
  this reeks of jealousy , its really does . . and yeah the eu kinda did become incompatible with the uk views , because believe it or not the uk actually left the eu last year because the people want a different future . 
  let it go jeez , the uk does n't want part of your project , enough with the jealousy and saltiness , its pathetic and embarrassing . 
  you would n't be here trying to insult random brits on the internet if you just accepted it , 
  dutch approach to the treatment of drug addicts , or just the dutch drug policy in general really . 
  drink more cider , henry westons should do the trick !, 
  not in europe , but malaysia was a bitch at first when leaving the airport . 
  poured buckets of sweat . 
  yeah i do that with my family and friends all the time in the uk . 
  my mum owns a vw combi which we are hoping to borrow this summer . 
  would usually visit wales or northumberland with music . 
  always arguments over who makes the mix tape for the journey . 
  not sure if it 's a countrywide thing but a lot of people own caravans/campervans , especially in coastal areas . 
  `` bitch please ? '', 
  are you trying to make me cringe ? 
  seriously it 's pretty evident you are upset that the uk is leaving , you can moan , groan and insult as much as you want but it 's quite obvious that you are personally upset that the uk is leaving . 
  you reference that governments of the past made decisions that were bad , but that was the past , people change and it 's entirely fair to leave a group that is n't compatible with the view of today i 'm sorry to say . 
  sorry about that but it 's just the way it is im afraid . 
  p.s if you are going to debate a point resorting to insults really is a sign of weakness and discredits your entire argument . 
  not sure if you are a kid but it will help in the future . 
  also i 'm not offended , i love in a wonderful country and the people here are lovely , i could n't be any happier . 
  perhaps you should come over and visit , might enlighten you , you could use a bit of that !, 
  honestly , that 's a load of nonsense , but what do i know i 'm british and therefore a dick right ? 
  nice generalising there . 
  i think you might be a hypocrite . . are you saying that the uk must subdue itself to the eu because the eu is giving the uk ( and other countries ) perks ? 
  what if it 's not good enough for the british people ? 
  what if they want what 's best for their country and they think that exists outside the eu ? 
  this is n't a playground , this is quite literally a country that is not compatible with the visions of the eu , it does n't make a country bad for not wanting to federalise to continue with current politics it opposes . . 
  i do n't think you were campaigning for it to leave , this sounds more like you are salty and upset . 
  there 's really no reason to think like that . 
  apart from wetherspoons , they sell a wide range of american beer . 
  pretended ? 
  there was a time when british people were pretty favorable about the eu , its just the eu changed and the uk was not on board with that . 
  yeah , 2 times in uk once in netherlands . 
  first was at uni when someone tried to smash our window at 3.00 am . 
  we were not sure if it was an attempted burglary or just vandalism . 
  police arrived in 2 or so mins . 
  nobody was caught though afaik . 
  was very impressed to be honest , being a student street i thought they might not take it as seriously . 
  second was at my parents home , guy was lurking outside our door , i asked what he wanted , he walked away , then i remembered we usually keep change for the eggs we sell out there . 
  called non emergency number when i noticed more dodgy people hanging around outside . 
  turns out lots of other people called them too and police were already patrolling during the call . 
  third time in the netherlands because we heard a guy running down the street screaming help at night . 
  similar experience to calling as uk , same sorta questions asked , great english and very clear of course which helped . 
  police said they would look into it but we did n't see them come . 
  was probably police already in area . 
  solve it 's problems ? 
  what like ? 
  because it 's further integration that is bringing out euroscepticism across europe . 
  if you mean the latter it would have given the uk a reason to remain .
