  everything has changed , no empire , no slavery , no colonizing and exploiting in the same way as over 100 years ago . 
  there are people who are proud of the uk , but people are proud of the progessive and great things such as abolishing slavery , the war effort , womans rights , the nhs etc. . 
  i dont see that as a bad thing , it highlights the importance of things like that for future reference . 
  of course its important to be aware of the bad history to put things into perspective for the greater good , but i think in the case of germany they have gone to far . 
  they are a wonderful country that has transformed out of one of the most evil ideologies of modern history . 
  by the way i hear hes an arsehole but i think the irish should be proud that the first gay prime minister was elected , purely because it shows that ireland has become progressive to the point where things like that dont matter any more . 
  greenwich park is great for viewing both skyscraper clusters and the shard . 
  you can sneak onto the river bank at north greenwich and get some pretty good shots too if you like modern london !, 
  netherlands : lots of films with darker twists , sometimes disturbing . 
  they always manage to slip in some nudity . 
  zwart book did quite well in the uk germany : also quite gritty and dark , das boot is regarded as a classic film here . 
  infact many european films that get popular in the uk are quite gritty and disturbing . 
  pans labyrinth from spain comes to mind too . 
  more so than american series or do you mean non-english ? 
  haha your probably right , but perhaps they have the strictest laws * as a result * of them smoking the most weed, 
  that 's incredible . . we also had a year recently where nobody was killed by police . 
  the armed police in nottingham have never even fired a bullet in active service . . ( atleast up to last year ), 
  tons of them in the uk coppers , police camera action , night cops , traffic cops , police interceptors , cops with cameras , brit cops , britain 's toughest cops , sky cops of the top of my head . 
  and these shows are constantly releasing episodes . 
  there are also similar shows for border force , medical and rescue teams etc. . 
  that 's surprisingly few considering there 's about 1/4 of a million in the uk , i guess it mostly because of london though, 
  or mayonnaise because gravy is n't always an option . 
  there are sources that suggest that haggis and kilts originate from england , not scotland . 
  with the exception of kilts in the north of england , i 've rarely seen much consumption of haggis outside scotland though , so i think the stereotype still stands !, 
  hmmm [ this seems to say otherwise ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tea_consumption_per_capita ) but it could be out of date, 
  with drinking it 's interesting for the uk , getting drunk is almost a goal for many people going out , it 's socially acceptable for people to get completely wasted on a friday eve or whatever and its far more prominent or in your face than many other countries . 
  but the average alcohol consumption for the uk is n't that high relatively speaking because there are a lot of people that do n't drink too much . 
  i would say we do n't drink a lot as a country but when we do its far more acceptable to get wasted when we do if that makes sense . 
  google maps told me it would take just over 5 hours to get to alnwick from where i lived , it took 7.5 hours despite us stopping briefly only a few times and reasonably smooth roads . 
  sometimes it can be a bit misleading i think !, 
  do n't forget when you are travelling a country so much bigger than slovenia with 65 million people you are more likely to rack up accidents and delays on the way . 
  otherwise motorways are pretty good here ( though the m25 is enormous and can often get very busy and clogged . ), 
  like-wise for comedy , father ted will always go down as one of the best comedy classics . 
  and lets not forget the british-irish collaborations like in bruges . 
  one of my favorite films . 
  looking at it on google , it does n't look particularity bad at all , but i suppose its relative, 
  during my time in the netherlands i do n't think i ever saw a dodgy looking/poor neighborhood , atleast not compared to some i 've seen in the uk or the us . 
  on the flipside you have nice neighborhoods but i did n't see areas full of mansions and gated communities like the uk . 
  it it 's the case that 's a really great social situation in your country . 
  depends on how you define patriotic , i think lots and lots of people are proud of their british nationality , and all the `` britishness '' that goes along with it . 
  its just we are not generally outspoken in that regard like the americans across the pond . 
  sports and royal celebrations just make it difficult to contain it really !, 
  are you saying disarm the police ? 
  i can vouch for not arming all police officers , but you need to have police to deal with criminals with guns or people going on a knife rampage . 
  look what happened at westminster remember . 
  i agree , it wo n't go down in history , but the alternative certainly would have . 
  i have n't been to a bootsale in years , completely forgot about them !, 
  as a kid i would always hope it was n't rainy on sunday morning because there would be hardly any cars . 
  midly popular with the young people in the uk , probably see her on a few tabloids here and there . 
  no hype or anything associated with her as far as i know . 
  i had a romanticised image in my head of dunes and palm trees before i went . 
  when i saw the desert in morocco i got bored very quickly , it 's just dry , sweaty , dusty and the same view for miles on miles . 
  there are some fantastic deserts areas with mountains and dunes in some places though ( merzouga for instance ) death valley in the us was quite beautiful though . 
  i think if france leaves , the eu would backtrack or just reform completely satisfy eurosceptic countries and try to keep france and the uk in . 
  how are they doing at the moment ? 
  are they as far right as le pen and geert wilders parties ? 
  and do they have pro-russia views ? 
  are n't our half terms the small ones week ones in between easter , christmas and summer whilst those three are all holidays ? 
  you can add iceland to the bottom of that . 
  also is n't aldi very similar to lidl ? 
  i would expect them to be near the bottom too, 
  dangerous ? 
  come to the uk if you want to see dangerous . . or do n't unless you want to be [ * dive-bombed to death * by a seagull ] ( https://twitter.com/sunapology/status/852425779933839360 ) watch them cows too . . 
  likewise here too , you might have met a few of our rowdy morons on xbox live, 
  winston churchill was a necessary evil in my opinion . 
  he had his dark sides and did some terrible things but his efforts ultimately and arguably proved vital for the allied effort and winning against a far greater evil . 
  he is a surprisingly controversial figure for a lot of people . 
  a lot of `` heroic '' leaders and icons were back in the day . 
  it 's not huge in the uk news at the moment . 
  for me personally i feel really sorry for the french people to have their election turn nasty this way . 
  john lewis and waitrose are notoriously good to their employees in the uk because of the staff structure . 
  nice and friendly , sometimes the people can be a bit loud though and from media some american teenagers sound unbearable but from my experience that 's not always the case . 
  always nice to hear as a brit ... just remember , if you ever visit please skip the midlands and liverpool , we are trying to maintain the false stereotype !, 
  what a shitshow , macron and the media ca n't defend anything that comes out of the leak . 
  whilst it 's left for social media to spread any news . 
  meanwhile le pen can just relax whilst her emails are intact . 
  til camilla can be a male name, 
  when i visit the netherlands i always find it strange how you can just look inside people 's houses . 
  when it comes to privacy we are on a different spectrum ( * apart from government spying ... * ) unless it 's terraced housing or in big urban areas usually there 's a big front garden or wall/hedge hiding us from sight of our nosy neighbors, 
  fair enough , i would add that here in the uk if someone asks you how you are you can just say `` not bad thanks '' and nothing else and that 's normal too . 
  or you can actually answer of course . 
  and was it a nice experience overall , or does it still make you uncomfortable thinking about it lol ? 
  i find the same thing regionally ( though people still chat to you down south ) , up in northumberland people just causally strike up conversations , sometimes about really random stuff . 
  sometimes i want to avoid so i can zone out with music , but after moving down south i just miss it really . 
  i dunno , some of our stereotypes are very true , stats will tell you that tea is very popular here and queueing is definately taken seriously etc. . 
  thanks for answering !, 
  i 've probably unknowingly made a lot of scandinavians uncomfortable at my work haha !, 
  i have a colleague who speaks swedish and she even annoys us by talking too much , i can only imagine what it 's like for the swedes she tries to practice her language on . 
  because it 's nice haha , people like to socialise and talk to one another here , i certainly do . 
  met some amazing people in my line of work , including celebrities . 
  i 'm really curious as to how quiet/reserved you swedes really are ? 
  like at a shop would it be weird for the cashier to ask how your day was ? 
  do old people never strike up conversations ? 
  etc. . you can never tell if stereotypes are just hyped or actually true . 
  i work at a museum and i like to talk to the customers and find out where they are from , i 've spoken to swedes and they seemed fine with it , we 're they probably pretending lol, 
  or just anyone outside london to be honest . 
  we are not as reserved as we think we are , atleast when compared to other europeans . 
  what about gypsies can we all agree on ? 
  drinking beer in a pint glass with made in france on it . 
  mostly its just asian countries , usually far-east .
