  good ... 
  there is that authoritarian streak of hers again . . 
  she 'll be easier to get around ... good luck mrs may !, 
  it looks wobbly , thin and might not hold up to a gust of wind ... perfect representation i think . 
  is it ? ... problem solved everyone ! ,, 
  yes , but does he want the full uk version of `` clamping down '' with people killing themselves after having their benefits cut off , disabled people being told to get back to work etc. . . if so he might be a very short lived taoiseach . 
  and macron could have talked to melania ... 
  so the snowflake was triggered ... 
  i 'm hoping to jesus that is not a filthy euphemism for something kinky in germany ... 
  oh cool ... no issue with it then pulling to the front door in a limo painted in the tricolour with a micheal collins bobble head on the dash . . 
  good ... 
  so they 're lying ? 
  i enjoy euronews 's more sober take on the news ... do n't fuck it up nbc . 
  i do n't understand people keep telling me the stuff is not from the countries they are supposed to be , but every time i look at the label of origin ( i like to buy eu produce ) , polish sausage is polish , greek yogurt is from greece etc. . . is our lidl different or something ? 
  the ones i picked up said produce of poland on it ... is someone having shenanigans on me ? 
  weird , here they have lots of irish stuff mixed in ... 
  hey , it 's what made us northern europeans big and strong . . just because the cousins in the south , value taste and quality is not our concern . . 
   frikadellen had some a few days back . . yum yum . . 
  do n't get me wrong i like buying european food at lidl ... 
  do you like polish sausage and greek yogurt ... if so then you my friend are in luck ... 
  you understand what his position and role is right ? . . and how he got it ... 
  please do n't lecture us on referendums , i 've more then likely voted in more of them since turning 18 then canada has had as an entire country in a century . . looks up wikipedia ... yes i have , who would have guessed, 
  the union carries forward ... 
  i approve of this ... 
  yes ... yes all going according to plan ... we bide our time , letting everyone believe old yurop was declining , irrelevant ... then we wait for the yanks to fuck up and then boom ... we 're back baby !, 
  while working at cern ... 
  mutti needs her lovin time too ... 
  what ... the actual ... fuck ... 
  why is griff tannen delivering the ball ? 
  stealth ship mate ? ... because i ca n't see shit !, 
  if that is how the czech republic feels , then sometime in the future they might want to reconsider their membership of the eu , they can stay in nato if they feel the need . 
  same with anyone else . 
  i understand where you 're coming from mate , but it was floated from people on the uk 's side of the table that security concerns could be brought into play in brexit ... 
  they brought it into the discussion even though it had little to no overlap . 
  if you 're going to play the security/defence card to get a better deal with an organisation you have steadfastly blocked from developing its own s/d component ... then it 's logical to question your commitments agreements etc. 
  i always thought de vinci/marco polo etc should be used for european spacecraft when we land on mars etc. . . that 's just me though . 
  goddamn we 'd have an awesome unified eu navy ... 
  my joke has crashed worse then the hindenburg ... 
  i do n't give a shit ... 
  thanks fuck face ... 
  i 'm not sure if finland 's suggested symbol of a mound of dead russians would be ok these days . . , 
  you do n't speak latin ! ... my god . 
  you and your fancy book learnings !, 
  i find it funny he thinks he can out muscle guys half his age who work out ... he tried it with trudeau as well . 
  that 's some low key quality trolling . . , 
  not if you think putin 's game of choice is judo and not chess ... 
  jesus christ , come on man ... 
  oh zing ... you should do stand up . 
  likes if only for `` robits '' . 
  barbara streisand strikes again !, 
  i like how in the middle of all that you still managed to drop the dog whistle term of `` corporatists '' ... i take it you mean it in the pejorative modern version . 
  please enlighten us all about this cross party campaign , and remember i 'm irish too , so bamboozling people with a list of no name town councillors and members of fringe groups here wo n't cut it . 
  nice ... 
  you time traveling sob , i was gon na use that !, 
  look having a piss up in a pub and talking about the neo-liberals in the eu etc is not a campaign ... entertaining yes , campaign no . 
  you should start a political party with that aim , you and the 2 people you 'll get to join it can then campaign on the issue . 
  copypaste . . marine le pen abandons frexit crusade ` error ' marine le pen always struggled to explain how withdrawal from the euro would work . 
  michel euler by ambrose evans-pritchard marine le pen is to abandon all plans to leave the european union and restore the french franc , accepting that her high-risk strategy has proved a costly error for the party . 
  the front national 's leadership will hold a forum after the parliamentary elections next month to thrash out an entirely new policy . 
  `` there will be no frexit . 
  we have taken note of what the french people told us , '' said bernard monot , the party 's chief economic strategist . 
  `` i continue to think that the euro is not technically viable but it makes no sense for us to keep insisting stubbornly . 
  from now on our policy will be to renegotiate the eu treaties to give us more control over our budget and banking regulations , '' he told the daily telegraph . 
  a chorus of senior figures in the front national said the furore over currency policy had distracted from its core messages on law and order , immigration , and the clash with islam , causing a haemorrhage of votes in the final six weeks of the presidential campaign . 
  ms le pen acknowledged that the country was not ready for the shock of monetary revolution . 
  `` i am very well aware that the subject of the euro has seriously unsettled the french , almost to the point of irrationality . 
  we will have to take this into account , discuss it , and reflect on it , '' she said . 
  she won just 34 per cent in the presidential run-off vote against emmanuel macron , far below her poll ratings this year and her attempt to row back during the campaign by pledging to keep the euro for international transactions was seen as muddled . 
  she told the daily telegraph in february that her french franc policies would cost votes but insisted that the boil had to be lanced . 
  `` it may hurt me but what other solution is there ? 
  am i supposed to lie and pretend that it is possible to pursue our patriotic policies while we are still in the euro ? '', 
  `` we can do nothing under the current structure in europe , and the euro is the keystone . 
  not a single one of our measures will ever see the light of day . 
  the euro is not a currency . 
  it is a political weapon to force countries to implement the policies decided by the eu and keep them on a leash . '', 
  nicolas bay , the party 's general-secretary , said the plans to restore the franc were misguided . 
  `` the euro should not appear as a central plank in our project . 
  we have n't been able to convince people on this , '' he said . 
  the saga raises a host of questions about the nature of democracy within a monetary union . 
  a pew survey last year found that 66 per cent of french people disapproved of the economic system in europe , and 61 per cent had an `` unfavourable view '' of the eu itself . 
  over 48 per cent of the vote in the first round of the elections last month went to parties ranging from the far-left to the far-right that wanted either full `` frexit '' or a radical change in eurozone policies . 
  `` what this campaign did was to start a debate on the euro for the very first time . 
  the french media have refused to discuss it before because the euro and eu are an absolute religion for the french elites , '' said professor brigitte granville , a french economist at queen mary university of london . 
  `` macron wants more europe and a common fiscal policy but he has to be careful . 
  this is not what the french people want . 
  they do n't like being little midgets under the complete domination of germany . '', 
  devaluation , bond crisis voters were bombarded with warnings that frexit meant a spiralling devaluation , a bond crisis , and a catastrophic economic rupture for france . 
  this hit home . 
  whether it would in fact have led to a french currency collapse is a fascinating question . 
  defenders of frexit - and `` italexit '' next door - say this is a fundamental misunderstanding . 
  they argue that the restored deutsche mark would instead spike violently if the euro broke up , causing a severe deflationary shock for germany . 
  whatever the case , ms pen struggled to explain the mechanisms of withdrawal . 
  she forswore capital controls , and suggested that an orderly break-up of the euro could be negotiated over a long period . 
  it had an air of unreality . 
  french economist jacques sapir - guru of the frexit camp - said the strategy was half-baked . 
  there was no contingency planning , and no recognition that market forces would drive events . 
  `` it is obvious that speculation would run rampant . 
  faced with capital flight , there would have to be capital controls . 
  we would be looking at euro exit very quickly , '' he said . 
  france is stuck in a bad marriage .
