  you 're wrong . 
  i see they are already lining up the sacrificial lambs ( i 'll be generous and say if ) if brexit fails badly ... someone to throw to the baying crowd to be torn apart while bojo , may , dd etc scarper for it . . 
  of course he is , because why not piss on your nations closest allies ... 
  the caeser 8x8 is a bad ass futuristic looking piece of arty . 
  they also bought 15 120mm self propelled mortar systems ... nice boost in firepower . 
  achievement unlocked ... 
  all according to plan , high fives penki ... 
  when do we get our fashionable grey and black uniforms and kickass boots ? 
  because on st paddies day , you 're irish ... whether you like it or not ... do n't make us put potatoes in socks . 
  testify brother bear ! ... 
  nice , that 's some good stuff . . 
  the isis part is flat out bullshit , the russians barely hit isis at all ... 
  the russian concentrated on aleppo while isis were out giving the syrian regime an arse kicking . . it 's why isis manged to attack palmyra after it was `` liberated '' !, 
  the merkel and rape parts are also bullshit . . 
  we shall spend the day in a quiet contemplative meditation on life and its meaning ... 
  incompetently ? 
  jesus tap dancing christ ... what the hell are they playing at ... 
  we can add that to the unexplained rash of suspicious deaths in turkish prisons over the last year ... 
  and the iranians thank you for that nice new iraqi government , 
  * walks into thread ... walks out of thread *, 
  exactly , if `` we 're '' gon na do crazy middle east style mega projects then by christ let 's do them crazy !, 
  in my opinion no , not even close but it seems it 's not the same opinion as others ... 
  dgse , we have a job for you . 
  half the me is run on immigrants , you do n't think a saudi will be going about cleaning hotel toilets do you ? 
  ok ... i 'm not sure what to say ... 
  foot meet bullet ... * ouch !, 
  i get the inkling , and it may just be an inkling that certain governments are getting slightly worried about this renewed talk of a multi speed eu . 
  orban , the pis in poland etc have always enjoyed the benefit of being inside the eu while also pissing in other peoples cornflakes safe in the knowledge they ca n't be booted except in an extreme case . 
  so now they are starting to proclaim `` we 're team players bros. ... it 's all cool '' ... 
  it 's just a wild ass guess on my part though . 
  fair enough ... gratefully corrected , 
  tesla have released all their patents to the public . 
  yep , we ca n't force them . 
  same here ... we 'd have to convince the l/u though and that is centuries deep mistrust, 
  my my are n't we getting popular in the old continent again ... 
  we 've had referendums on far more sensitive subjects then this ... many many of them . 
  i 'm jon snow !, 
  but it will have nice tits ... 
  before we 've paid up our bar bills etc. . . , 
  it is a strange ethereal place ... my aunt lived there . 
  the north remembers !, 
  only if you take it personally ... 
  offer accepted , send me your address . 
  so the law and order candidate , finds the law and order part inconvenient personally ... shocked ... shocked i tells ya !, 
  indeed . . 
  victory is life ! ... .10 points to who gets that quote . 
  well while the priest is plowing the boy , another priest slips a teenage girl in between them and wham bam pow , a miracle baby . . 
  yeah , no , did no one hear bannons speech about national sovereignty etc. . . 
  christmas is a nightmare ... 
  i have 22 nieces and nephews ... help me !, 
  no , you 've got me ... i 'll go ask someone , wait here . 
  now you 're just yanking my chain ... 
  that is also in the dictionary ... i ca n't keep helping you out here mate ... 
  once you get outside the largest population nations ( china/india/us ) it 's a rapid descent in size ... top 22 might as well be top 122 . 
  the difference in numbers between the us at 3rd and the 4th largest , indonesia is approximately the same as the entire population of the uk or france , 65 million people give or take . 
  hyperbole , find a dictionary , check it out . 
  in geopolitical terms it does ... i 'd rather not be some super powers puppy . 
  or in cruder terms , better to be in a big tent pissing out , then a small tent getting pissed on . 
  apple ... 
  then what ... the shanghai metroplex ? ... there is n't going to be some vast increase in per capita income in the uk or france ... or germany or here . 
  cost of living in comparably lower in china so their pci is less important ... my countries pci in higher the uk 's ... we 're still a gnats fart on the their economy size wise . 
  you 'll either be `` relevant '' in the 21st century or you 'll be someones footstool ... we 've been in the unique position in europe for the last 25 years of having no direct threat and even in the previous 40 during the cold war the us was always there as the big brother to bail us out . . go look at the change in asia where countries are either desperately trying to get the us interested in them or coming under china 's umbrella half the populist politicians in europe seem to be making pilgrimages to moscow to get the kremlin 's blessing ... so they care about some sort of relevance , but it seems to be of the subservient kind . 
  the uk and france have populations smaller then some of the metropolitan city regions in china ... 
  well this escalated quickly . 
  here 's a hug ... * hugs hexalby tight *, 
  yep ... clown show the lot of them ... but very popular in their area . 
  ask his black housing tenants in the 80s ... 
  the irish navy has already been deployed in the med for last 2 years . 
  had ? ... mate i have them all right now , even went and bought a complete hardback collection from amazon a few years back . 
  you have to wonder what her take on the french revolution would be ... 
  i love/d them too . . have them all in brand new hard back copies right now . 
  i could n't fit them all in my house , so it 's enough . 
  yes . 
  125k in the main city but the metro area is closer to 300k +, 
  debatable is also a word . . 
  i 'm irish , `` we '' have computers etc on the arianes, 
  yep , i do n't care if two dudes/ladies want to be married etc , it 's their lives , it really does not affect anyone else . 
  there are far more pressing and challenging issues to deal with then getting the government into relationship counselor mode . 
  oh yeah fried mushrooms are the devils whoopee cushion . 
  no , i just ate some beans and mushrooms ... 
  great job ... 
  ah home ... 
  fair enough . 
  the irony of you saying that while misspelling `` idiots '' is delicious . 
  fair enough . 
  never ! ... no slight too small , no jab too petty to rile my balls !, 
  that map of ireland is dodgy as fuck . 
  galway , sligo , donegal etc are listed in with northern ireland ... 
  that 's a fascinating alternate reality you 're from ... could you tell us more . 
  her father is lending fn money . . 
  the institutional/engineering etc experience is gone or retired ... taiwan is attempting to get into the boat building business right now ... they are finding it very difficult and expensive . 
  to be fair , you do n't have experience of boats that big either , the walrus 's were built 20 + years ago . . it 'll be beyond expensive to even start reconstituting a sub building capability . 
  at least the germans have been actively building boats all this time even if not of that size . 
  the germans have the type-216 that they had prepared for the aussie sub tender ... it 's larger then the dutch walrus boats . 
  pithy and to the point ... 
  c like fucking cancer mate ... it 'll eat us up unless we fight it . 
  good , maybe a solid step in helping portugal get past the current economic difficulties . . 
  exhibit a , steve bannon , read up on his comments about merkel and the eu etc , exhibit b ted malloch , prospective us envoy to the eu compared it to the ussr and said they may `` need to tame another union '' . . now to be fair i am irish and may have a lower threshold of fightin talk then most ... 
  we all want good relations with russia ... a major problem is the kremlin wants us all to dance to their tune and their tune only . 
  the way i look at it , and please i can understand people disagreeing with me ... we either hang together or we hang separately .
