  oh i will ... but i am weird like that ... 
  yep . . 
  is that a euphemism for hot sex ? 
  i 'm trying ! ... 
  * runs off crying *, 
  badly ... 
  ok , you had my curiosity ... but now you have my attention . 
  someone 's cranky on a saturday night . . 
  this checks out ... 
  yep ... the brits save face and the bill gets paid ... 
  obligatory ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewgrvnhjkky, 
  it 's the dutch is n't it ... damn you cloggies !!!, 
  yes ... once again st is on the ball . . 
  what kind of potatoes ? 
  luck is for schmucks ... 
  we were there first ... so muh !, 
  `` ask '' ? 
  a plan so cunning baldrick would be proud of it . . 
  free money !, 
  that enfast wolf head badge is neat ... https://eumostwanted.eu/sites/all/themes/eumwfoundationtheme/enfast_page/enfast.png, 
  i hear this is the gibmoney thread ? ... ok brits here we come !, 
  yes , all those people in the ussr , china , cambodia etc died from falling down the stairs and slashing their own throats with electric razors ... i see your point . 
  he asked were italian warships good ... i said yes ... 
  yes , very good . 
  way to hurt our feelings man :(, 
  once you get to the far left and far right you 're basically in the same place ... assholeville . 
  france ? 
  why not ? 
  jcj and orban naked , caressing each other ... let the visual swirl in your mind , savior it ... taste it ... 
  dude , just deal with the inadequacy and move on ... there is nothing i can do for you . . nyc is the greatest city on the planet , deal with it or do n't that 's on you ... 
  i fucking knew it the second you said hind-d it was a mgs reference ... grrr, 
  yep , but it 's just a puma clone so i did n't get into the nitty gritty of it 's lineage . 
  why does it looks like austria is roughly fucking the sweet innocent vag that is switzerland ? 
  eugh ... creepy ... 
  any hind , ... do you just like the d version ? 
  you 've put a lot of thought into this have n't you . 
  anyhow ... if we want to get into a cock measuring contest , the gmp of nyc is aprox 1.6 trillion dollars ... london is aprox 740 billion . 
  see americans do everything bigger . . to put that into perspective nyc has a larger gdp then south korea . . have a great day . 
  so you 're getting the viper model ? ... nice ... 
  romania has an assault version of the older puma , so this was probably similar , chin gun , rockets , missiles ... like a russian hind . 
  gmp ... history is subjective , there are plenty of cities with more `` history '' under their belts then london of new york . 
  what makes london such an architectural gem ? ... take out the palaces , what has london got that new york does n't have but bigger ? 
  so if new york had fulham , and spurs it would be up there ? 
  yes , fuck you giants and the mets , we have millwall ... again you said greatest city in the world , there is no eu city in the same league as new york . . 
  half the sport ... what does that even mean ? . 
  you said the greatest city in the world ... that 's new york , why would i say any where else . 
  lead paint is bad for you , stop eating it . . 
  we 're not talking about new york though ... 
  we 'll only know in a few years time ... anyhow , have a good good day , 
  i do n't know , most of them are not brits anyway so they 've moved at least once already . . 
  the `` top scientists '' you say ... interesting ,, 
  true , but i have the feeling that the willing to move percentage would go up significantly if lets say barcelona was picked instead of brussels . 
  alternative theory , a lot of them want to see a , which city gets it before making their decision , b , want to hold out for the best relocation package they can get ... 
  good yards , dumb management decision . . 
  i can see why fincantieri 's anxious , italian shipyards are very efficient , they beat off asian ones for cruise ships etc , ca n't see why they 'd want to take on a loss making french yard without being able to implement their plan . 
  yes ... 
  solid move ... 
  what the fuck is this bullshit . . 
  but the bananas nigel ... think of the none eu regulated glorious bananas !, 
  anyone remember wikileaks very first mission statement ... where they said they 'd publish stuff on russian , china etc. . . they never have . 
  the military is the only russia positive , i 'm not sure what is your point ftfy , free of charge . . , 
  you can call the island you are on what you want , we choose not to be called by that name ... deal with it or do n't , not our problem . 
  all names are made up ... 
  there used to be a holy roman empire too ... times change , places change . 
  it 's always in a political context . . 
  sweden stronk !, 
  into space ! ... ... ... 
  one of us ... one of us one of us ... one of us one of us ... one of us, 
  you know what i mean ... 
  what a dick ... rip to the dead and a speedy recovery for the injured . 
  now if they can dig up those extra troops they 'll be part way there . . 
  name checks out, 
  we like to surprise people ... it makes life extra spicy ... 
  we have 3 actually ... so muh !, 
  no surprise about leinster ... west brits the lot of them ... j/k, 
  of course munster is gold ... fuck yeah !, 
  theresa may would murder puppies on live tv for his rating ... to put this into context . . 
  i 'd blame me too ... 
  no one else to blame but themselves ... 
  camo of the soldier up top is belgian , vehicle is a spartan ... so not a cloggie . . 
  the eu ca n't even force poland and hungary to stop their descent into autocracy ... 
  are you lecturing us on being a tax haven ? , the channel islands/gibraltar , the fact london is the number one destination for the world 's money launderers ... all that sweet sweet russian cash that just miraculously turns up year after year ... yes , we 'll certainly be taking ethics advice from you . 
  because all these firms want passport rights to operate inside the sm seamlessly ... they either bring that part of the business over , or they fold up their tent ... 
  sorry , but firms have already been told the by financial regulator here we wo n't be used as a brass plate post box ... if you move you move , no 5 man operations . 
  i invite you to ireland sir !, 
  yes , with a low threshold for boring people , congratulations . 
  too long , do n't give a shit ... 
  it 's ok , i do n't know who wrote that wikipedia article ... but they were sure as shit not irish , 
  technically what we speak is hiberno english , but i knwo what you mean . 
  we just get a bit uppity when people refer to us in `` anglo '' anything . . , 
  anglo what now ? 
  they keep using `` blasphemous '' ... i do n't think they know what it means ... 
  you take that back , elon musk ( pbuh ) has invented everything !!!!!, 
  english ... 
  something new for nato/sweden/finland to play tag with . 
  must be a bit boring to just have the same old russian ships to follow all the time . 
  english while at sea . . it 's the standard . 
  you see , this is why we never win , because we ca n't keep a fecking ** secret ** plan under our hat ... 
  that 's julian assange ? 
  ! ... jesus titty fucking christ . .
