  this feels like a 50/50 scenario , i could believe that tsipras floated the idea to putin but i could also believe it 's vlad trying to stir the pot . 
  are we insisting on it ? 
  nige and marine post coitus ... possibly nsfw . . http://i.imgur.com/lihparq.jpg, 
  yes but the russians think they are equal in this relationship ... it 'll be interesting to see it play out in the years ahead when they realise . 
  ah so your the legendary `` phantom pooper '' ? 
  happy national day spanish cousins :d do n't drink like a paddy . 
  i wonder could we get it delivered on a giant novelty cheque carried by bojo , and fox in clown suits ? 
  is that possible ? 
  sorry for the late replay . 
  no i doubt we 'll hit 8 million plus , we may touch 6.5 plus . 
  i feel 8 million would be difficult to manage for an island like ours in the 21/22nd century , from health care to resources it would be tricky , not impossible but tricky . 
  chamberlain did all he could and he brought the uk precious time to re-arm ... so he is still infinitely better then any of these mugs . 
  ireland a million extra in 50 years ... fuck ... israel 's expected growth is massive though . 
  yep , not going to happen ... at least not like brokenshire ( what an appropriate surname ) seems to make it sound like . 
  policies change ... a lot of things are said on various departments sites or indeed by ministers standing up in the the dail . . 
  many change , some were never true in the first place . 
  the constitution is a foundation document of the state ... until we have a referendum to alter it and insert `` neutrality '' into it , then that policy is as malleable as any other . 
  ps the irony ( and yes your irish so the alt right muppets you hang with hopefully have n't completely erased your sense of it ) of you praising our `` neutrality '' during wwii while calling everyone else `` fascist '' is delightful . 
  we 're not neutral , nowhere in the constitution does it mention that . 
  do n't be a smug git ... 
  the swedes ( and the finns ? ), 
  used small hand held depth charges to get their message across to `` foreign '' subs trespassing . 
  nah , it looks like a supermarket tabloid , we have them here with similar things , same shit everywhere from europe to the us etc. 
  ah the yanks are alright . 
  we 're gon na grab that trade deal by the pussy and finger it through congress ... cock . 
  well as an outsider it 'll be amusing to watch the logical gymnastics that will be performed to get to the required pre-determined answer ... 
  i wonder what will be said when india , brazil etc all make similar demands . . 
  how does that go with them looking abroad for negotiators ? 
  good ... 
  stratfor ? ... they or should i say he since it 's pretty much a one man band have been saying japan will become a superpower for 3 decades etc, 
  unfortunately they have got on the brexit tiger assuming they could tame it ... they ca n't . 
  people have been told for decades that the eu is bad ... if not out right malevolent for the uk . 
  they wo n't accept anything less then completely out . 
  oh well lesson learned ... next time vote . 
  i 'll explain it as simply as i can ... pm may picked morons/goofs/muppets to run brexit ... 
  he has immunity ... yeah . 
  i did , i went 4 pages deep and the only one was in pcworld saying they might have overpaid . . ah it does n't matter anyway , if they wanted to spend the money it 's theirs to piss away , 
  as people are so happy to point out , the eu has a great track record on fudges ... i 'm sure we can fudge this too . . 
  lol , yeah ok phil . 
  did they ? ... i thought they came sniffing around a year or so before but got a 15 % + discount with the fall of the gbp a year later ? 
  hookem is supposedly on the run ... wow . 
  it 's a golden opportunity for foreign firms to taker over uk firms ... the arm takeover was a bit of a bargain because of the lower gbp . 
  since the french are getting their j herks for sf support , it might be the luftwaffe are gettign theirs for that too . 
  might be the embryo for a european afsoc , get some of the sf caimens/caracals and ch-53 's and we be in business . . , 
  so it begins ... slowly and tiny steps but ... 
  it 's on ... !!, 
  we have plenty for all of ya ! ... you ... you vampires ? 
  well fight you for it romania ! ... water balloons at the brandenburg gate ? 
  well fight you for it romania ! ... water balloons at the brandenburg gate ? 
  pfft ... no good old fashioned service any more ... 
  oh no ... you did n't eat or drink anything , feel sleepy and wake up with a sore bum did you ? 
  the taxi then charged you 60 quid for a 20 quid journey , 
  what is it with this `` vengeful '' shite ... the uk is the one leaving and somehow they should do that and get to keep their benefits of membership ... no , that 's not how it works chaps . 
  jesus christ does he talk some bollocks . . 
  she is pretty out there ... not fascist kill em all , but she has some ... dubious views . 
  a , citizenship does n't equal immigrant . 
  b , it 's the passport of the republic of ireland and everyone including those on the unionist/loyalist side in the ni are legally allowed to get one as easily as i am . 
  even ian paisley jnr was telling his constituents to get one . 
  yep , journalist looked into it and they found none of the expected paperwork to renounce us citizenship . 
  he would have called us bog wogs then ... 
  that 's nice ... i also like the fact that in this situation northern ireland = north korea ... which fits . 
  he sneaks in ... just like he sneaks into movies and children 's parties . 
  boom ! ... 
  * drops mic walks offstage *, 
  dear jebus that is so arty and european ... if nasa did it it would be plain and simple `` rocket whoosh ! '', 
  do n't worry several large but strangely difficult to track back loans will be `` donated '' soon from a steve notarussian from paris france ... not russia, 
  it 's for r&t work ... it 's a decent start . 
  rheinmetall spent 2 million and got a workable air defence laser ... so, 
  yes , the man is a genius . 
  soon romania will have a fully armed and operational deathstar !, 
  yt comment sections are a garbage fire of illiterates , racists and douchebags . . 
  why is that a constant odd criticism of him ... bellingcat is n't only him and it has n't been for a long time , there are others involved , quite a few of whom have military , intelligence , image interpretation skills etc background . 
  ps they russians take `` him '' seriously enough to have multiple stories on him on mainstream russian media and make direct comments about bellingcat from the mod etc. . if they were not worth the time why bother questioning their analysis . 
  did the match end with the traditional beating of the ref ? 
  come on frogs you can do it !, 
  guy sounds like he has issues ... he 's desperately trying to find a place where he fits in . 
  he had his chance ... 
  enoch powell would like to have a word ... except he 's dead of course . 
  please send bojo to the negotiations ... we 'll distract him with shiny things and tits . 
  oh please be taking the piss ... 
  no we 're not `` 100 % culturally british '' ... whatever that means , and the mainland would be the continent ... so we 're both off it . 
  to be honest listening to a lot of interviews with them from all walks of life ... a fair few of them do n't really care what the economic impact is ... to them the eu is an anathema all the way to just straight up biblically evil so any price is worth paying for it to just go away . 
  avoid holding the olympics like the plague ... it 's a clusterfuck wrapped up in a corrupt orgy with a bullshit cherry on top . 
  sold !, 
  well if you want to be pedantic non of us have done fuck all in astan that 's amounted to much . . for all the ordinance dropped , all the ground combat etc etc terry still takes ground back from the ana :(, 
  switzerland is not in the eu . 
  the germans have seen quite heavy combat in astan ... as have most other nato nations and finland/sweden . 
  that 's not how it works . . 
  libdems have actually started picking up support . . 
  amusingly ironic considering the low level intimidation western diplomats have had going on in russia led by government aligned `` patriotic youth groups '', 
  our shame is immense ... someone give me a sword !, 
  sad ... 
  ah another farage predecessor gets elected ... see you next year nige ... 
  well klingon was invented by scotty . . 
  ah the klingon pronunciation . 
  depends on what part of the country you 're from , 
  service guarantees citizenship ... 
  just to be clear i could n't give two shits if he was insulting my country or not . . means sfa . 
  just do n't find him amusing nevermind funny . 
  now i have to go find a german to get them to pronounce taoiseach ... hmm ,
