  well he is german ... german \u2260 funny , 
  to be honest i 've started to question the wisdom of having a handful of tech megacorps taking more and more control and influence over the world ... what 's better 50 sizable companies competing in the market space or 5-6 huge behemoths ? 
  somehow the idea that mark zuckerberg , or larry page etc wielding the power they do and will in the future is kinda scary . 
  yep , if you 're trying to be funny it does n't help being ignorant about the subject you are trying to be funny about ... although watching a german struggle with `` taoiseach '' would be gas . 
  he 's desperately attention whoring lately . . jumping on any passing batshit bandwagon . 
  i know mate , i was just tickling your balls . 
  do n't be the family show off romania !, 
  awesome ... 
  gutsy . . good for him . 
  do n't give them an ounce of satisfaction . 
  jesus you think they 'd be happy with the vote but they are talking europe even more now ... 
  aka i have done sfa so far , or worse been actively incompetant but when it comes time to pass the buck it wo n't be me gov ` ner . 
  i was watching bloomberg tv today and they had a british guy from a investment firm . . he made the point that it 's not that london will suddenly stop being an important city in the financial sector it 's what he called the atomisation effect ... small chunks of different businesses will have to go to other cities . 
  so 100 jobs here , 500 here will look like small fry in relation to lets say 3500 working in one firm , but it '' ll multiply . 
  he said he would n't be surprised if 25-30 % of the taxes the gov get in london go , which is a lot when you see that 1/5th of the uk taxes are from london financials . 
  he championed venezuelan economic policies ... and we 've seen where that has led . 
  i did not know that streetway . 
  good , imho it 's a solid idea to have as much production of this type of product inside the eu as possible . 
  hopefully if the rare earth mining in europe process takes off we might have control of some of those strategic materials too . 
  whaling joke . 
  oh why did you have to say that , now i remember him with his little spelunking kit on abseiling down to comet like the brave little explorer he is . 
  hopefully one day when we have colonised the solar system , we 'll bring him home . 
  my country ( ireland ) has a slightly different issue ... we ca n't stop having kids ... putting a strain on schools etc. 
  one ( higher end ) forecast after this years census puts us at an extra 2 million people here by 2040 . 
  i have 20 nieces and nephews already ffs ... someone help me !, 
  apparently 40 % of the afd vote was from previous non voters ... 
  i have a feeling all those folks who thought heavy industry/ship building/mining etc would be making a comeback might be in for a rude awakening . 
  but to essex ? 
  i always love the way british papers both tabloid and broadsheet love the phrase `` sparks fury '' and similar for the most banal of stories . 
  yes ... 
  look it 's the west coast of ireland , we 're in the north atlantic ... this is close to the best it gets . 
  click baity title is yum yum delicious !, 
  reference ftw !, 
  lovely , thanks mate . 
  time , we have plenty of it ... 
  transitional periods have a habit of growing in duration , its 3 years at first , then 5 ... then 8 ... 
  that 's some edgy shit man ... thanks for waking us sheeple up !, 
  i 'll make sure to write in my diary a reminder to give a fuck what they think ... 
  i do n't think those factors were what got us through the 20 's to the 1980 's at least not all of it . 
  you do n't have natural advantages you make them ... sweden is up there in the arse end of northern europe . 
  some how you managed to make a go of it . 
  by and large yes the are very similar ... some different slight spelling changes but even in ireland , different areas have noticeably different takes on irish pronunciations etc, 
  i do n't mean to be an asshole , but my country went through very similar ... and we recovered . 
  i have the feeling the italian and french numbers are in large part due to the number of folks from there working in the tech/financial services industries ... ran into a lot of italians and french in both . 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  the celtic federal republic of ireland and scotland sounds nice ... 
  russian vs russian candidate ... interesting . . 
  stop it , you 're getting me aroused !, 
  it makes no sense to you because you have rational reasons ... you have to understand there is a certain strain of `` euroskeptic '' where dislike of the eu etc has morphed into almost religious connotations ... the eu is literally evil and must be destroyed at all costs ... 
  the run will be what the uk consider skilled and what the indians consider skilled . . 
  could n't hurt right ? 
  so they do n't so much want brexit as a time machine to take them back to the late 19th century ? 
  it is mate ... it is . 
  that 's some solid trolling ... here , have a new bridge to live under . 
  no , it 's the internet you should always be doubtful of information ... it 's true , if you want the stats it 'll take me a while to get them though . 
  you know a small part of me would like to see her win ... just the monumental fuck up she 'd be would relegate the fn to the `` never again '' category . . 
  we export almost twice the amount of agrifood stuff to china then the entire uk does ... maybe it 's you . 
  yep worth it , trust the israelis to be far more stable and pragmatic a partner then the kremlin . 
  soon we will have fully armed and operational cappuccino maker of planet sized proportions !, 
  that is possibly the coolest insult the eu has ever had ... 
  do you mind if i ask what makes us an attractive place for young croatians over the uk or germany etc ? 
  yep . 
  yes , because nukes have decided every war fought in the last 70 years ... 
  that cat ... she bounces so well ... 
  the comments under it are even more batshit insane then the article ... how is that possible ? 
  what about leap years ? ... you forgot that day !, 
  settle down there chuck ... 
  just like a football manager , once you have the boards `` full support '' the countdown has started . . 
  nice ... 
  so that 's how we id 'em ! ... 
  same here the tricolour is everywhere , it flies outside schools , even shops ... it 's not just for football matches . 
  shots fired !, 
  they keep saying `` punish '' ... could someone explain to me what exactly they mean . 
  you 're making the mistake of thinking anyone cared what you have been saying all along , never mind going forward . 
  does this mean god is a scotsman ? 
  dyson already does make its products in asia and dyson himself lives in france so you know ... 
  please point out anyone in the eu with authority to issues regulations etc who has not been voted in or appointed by duly elected officials . . 
  stop being confident germans ... you 'll scare some folks . 
  oh for fuck sake you gitwizard . . 
  freedom , independence etc etc. ... choices , they made one . 
  the uk is n't canada or norway ... and not in a good way . 
  what was all that talk of a bonfire of regulations etc lately from the ukgov . 
  anyway , it 'll be the uk 's problem now , good luck you 're going to need it . 
  sorry , no , you should n't have any influence on policy/regulations etc etc if you 're on your way out the door ... 
  as long as they expect and get no say in those agencies , fine ... 
  that shit eating smirk says different ... 
  you may be over analysing this ... 
  life huh !, 
  here have a biscuit ... , 
  a sly joke that no one on here bar irish people and you will get ... well done . 
  nice ... 
  it 's a start now if we can get everyone else to do likewise we can end the eurovisions reign of terror . 
  yes because we know the us/uk / fra etc etc are hiding their kia/wia numbers from astan/iraq/mali etc. ... btw is n't it illegal to report casualties in russia now ? 
  sweden is reportedly preparing hundreds of nuclear war shelters to prepare for an attack from russia amid growing concerns in the baltics . 
  the swedish civil contingencies agency ( msb ) has ordered a review of 350 civilian bunkers on the baltic sea island of gotland , where sweden has stationed permanent troops . 
  the shelters are designed to protect people against the shock wave and radiation from a nuclear detonation , as well as chemical and biological weapons . 
  rest at the link . 
  if that graphic is accurate . . we are . 
  yep .
