  half the population has lost faith in monetary union but the country must grit its teeth and make the best of a bad situation . 
  while president macron has interpreted his victory as a vote for europe , this entails risk . 
  many backed him only in order to keep the front national at bay . 
  blank protest votes jumped threefold to 11.5 per cent . 
  the abstention rate jumped six points to 25.4 per cent . 
  the first elabe poll since mr macron moved into the elysee shows his support at just 45 per cent , the lowest ever for an incoming president . 
  it is a stretch to argue he has a sweeping mandate for further european integration . 
  professor sapir said the real victor in the first round of the elections was the cause of french sovereignty , thrust forward as the country 's dominant cultural force . 
  `` what remains to be found - no small matter - is a way of turning this into political victory , '' he said . 
  the telegraph , london, 
  what fresh hell is this !, 
  what he said ... 
  that shirt alone is enough to raise questions ... 
  it 'll be hard but fair ... shitty but everyone * will have it equally shitty * except the usual suspects who will always float to the top . 
  mrs windsor will have you flogged !, 
  this is like the myth that 90 % of people fought for the us in the war of independence ... 
  on one hand lol on the other , sure , they probably need a bullet sponge and he 'll do . 
  cool ... damn shame i 'm on the other side of europe or i 'd be heading there . 
  anyone with the opportunity should go and visit , for me . 
  maybe ... 
  the thing is , you had a leg to stand on with you previous argument , but then you took a shotgun and blew the good leg away by saying you did n't give a shit if millions of people were killed in an industrial scale slaughter ... one was a contrarian argument , the other was arsehole territory . 
  huh ? 
  yes , that 's why they do this ... you 're so on point . 
  `` now i do n't care if holocaust really happened or not '' you should have stopped somewhere before this part ... 
  we 've only been at this 60 + years ... give it a century or 2 to see where we are heading ... patience young padawan , patience . 
  nope . 
  because jaffa cakes ... they solve any issues . 
  it 's ok mate , it 's ok , come over here and we 'll have a nice cup of tea and jaffa cakes to calm down . 
  dude ... 
  i have the feeling marion walked away now so to be clean for the coming blood letting , so she can walk back in and oust marine or form her own party and bleed some of the fn 's base . 
  really ? ... fecking hell . 
  never change bojo ... never change . 
  yes ... yes we do . 
  fair enough ... 
  long range psychiatric evaluation ... seems legit . 
  merkel is a far far better politician then hrc was . 
  i know this is probably stupidly optimistic , but hopefully in a decade or 2 , the last few years will be looked back on with bewilderment as greece becomes the meds version of the celtic tiger . . 
  any hole 's a goal . 
  do n't worry baby , we 'll be gentle in you , 
  also good , if it gives greece some relief from all the shite news they 've been getting . 
  the last part makes it sound like you 're stalking her . . 
  yep , she 's going to wait in the long grass for a while to ambush her aunt an a more opportune time . 
  it 's an outrage that more people were not outraged by this outrageousness . . 
  yes , i found his . . lets call it logic , in coming to that conclusion entertaining . 
  you make it sound like something i 'd be unhappy with , i 'm not , that was always part of the deal when we joined , . 
  one day we 'd `` pay it forward '' . . 
  i 'm grateful for the role the eec/ec/eu has made in bringing my country to the point where we are wealthy enough to help others . 
  whatever makes them feel better i guess , it 's just one more cheque they 'll have to write out . 
  `` devil union '' ? ... love , calm yourself down , you 're getting emotional . 
  nothing the french like doing then eating little bitty frogs eh pepe ? 
  when has `` legality '' ever stopped us ... muhahahahahahahahahaha !, 
  the image is from call of duty advanced warfare , the battle of seoul i think from the start of the game . 
  wtf is going on ? 
  well mlp did say a few days back that there might be a `` scandal '' coming up for macron ... she must be clairvoyant . 
  as much as a find this all entertaining , it might be time for jcj to just stfu for a while ... 10 to 20 years should do . 
  you mean my country 's flag ? 
  yes , i too remember the eu executing members of ukip in jail just after the brexit vote . . 
  there truly is a polandball for all occasions . 
  i 'm a friendly guy ... on the second point you made , i 'm not sure why you think that has much to do with me , but i 'll just chalk it up to early onset alzheimer 's . 
  you are silly australian . 
  malta , cyprus and gibraltar too ... 
  ah so we have finally entered self pity mode ... 
  you could also make a point of saying you should keep it away from those places . 
  keep it out of the bubble that forms when regulators and those they regulate get too close . 
  is she trying to bullshit them into thinking the uk will still be a member of the single market ... ca n't see them falling for it if that is the case . 
  the bastards are always prepared ... we 'll have to move on to goat based systems . 
  we were the ones who wanted this brought into brexit ... it affects us directly . 
  come on finnish cousins ... you can do it !, 
  brilliant , also excellent use of nato 's secret sheep to ship missile ssm . 
  what a bizarre story ... 
  outside europe/na there are only a few isolated outposts of democracy as we 'd know it ... large chunk of the planet is not great . 
  they cheered her because she promised to turn the clocks back to somewhere around 1972 ... 
  they hate it when you call it that , 
  yes if it was limerick would need a mention ... 
  well if it will help ... i 'll slap on some factor 500 sunscreen ... but only because you sound like you really need me there . 
  you wo n't trick me !, 
  i 'm irish i 'd burn like a fried potato in your harsh ungodly climate . . 
  damned by their own glorious climate ... take that portugal !, 
  we get nothing ? ... you 're dead to us spain ... d. . e.d ded !, 
  you lie ! ... 
  a `` doer '' is sometimes not a great thing . 
  a solid functioning country needs a manager not a guy showboating for attention . 
  you gastronomic hillbilly ... you get back here and eat your sauteed crickets in sour sauce !, 
  nowadays it would be asian street food ... 
  i love this sort of shit ... 
  it 's our version of the eskimos 50 words for snow ... 
  ooh you edgy mothafcker . . truth to power !, 
  goddamn it assholes , stop blowing shit up !, 
  no being sent to belgium is a terrible inhuman punishment ... it 's why we send politicians and civil servants instead of real people . 
  you do realise it 's called five eyes because it 's for the 5 countries involved , no one has access to that take anyway . 
  btw your point would be more accurate if the eu required gchq to be moved to belgium ... 
  lenin gave a famous quote about `` saboteurs '', 
  i knew someone would get it ... , 
  i 'm sensing a pattern here ... 
  lenin would be proud ... 
  so many polls ... ... ... 
  come on this has to be satire right ... , , , the brits are trolling everyone for the lols ? 
  are they fucking high ? 
  oh i do n't believe they would do it unilaterally , but prolonged intractable dysfunction may cause them to start talking to some like minded member states that it might be better to wipe the slate clean and start again . 
  101 years and counting ... and still the best decision we ever made .
