  i think it 's putin , but the artist is so shite it 's hard to tell . . who 's the white hared one next to the orange dildo ? 
  my tolerance limit has been reached ... get me my axe, 
  oh of course ... with the way it 's going it 'll be waves of loopers , mras , people banging on about gamergate etc. . . all the best people ... 
  i just assumed they were from kerry ... 
  yes we 're here to impress you ... jesus christ what a pity party . . 
  yep , the unspoken end of this is the germans calling it a day and leaving ... unlikely yes , but if they go the nordics/austria/benelux etc go with them , the eu ends on a friday and something else starts on a monday ... 
  correction , there may be a pared down version , and it might not be called the eu . . 
  nooo ... say it ai n't so ... 
  i 'm doing my part by not doing my part . . 
  future ireland international soccer players and inter county hurlers ... great !, 
  even agnostics/atheists/old school celtic relionists / etc seem to have 2 , 3 + kids i have 21 nieces and nephews ... i only have 1 brother and 3 sisters ... 
  shush ! ... you 'll give the secret away . 
  we 've been having a short term baby boom since the 1970s ... 
  legs wide ladies !, 
  i 'm sure it 's a partial reason , but if you `` need '' an abortion , the uk is an hours away by plane ... as we say `` an irish solution to an irish problem '' yeah ... 
  ireland stronk !, 
  lol , i think we all went off the deep end a bit in this discussion . 
  we disagree on some things that 's ok it 's natural . 
  i let my temper get away from me some times and can be overly aggressive . . nothing personal let 's just metaphorically shake hands and call it a day ... it 's only the internet . 
  have a good day . 
  some of these have a kinda sci-fi vibe to them i think . . i like it . 
  ok , ours is ... ok . 
  a , under 18 's education is compulsory here even for immigrants/refugees etc b , english is also a requirement for those wanting to avail of social services and employment . . and shock horror most of them want to actually work . 
  c , the vast majority of immigration here is from the uk , poland and the baltics ... they might be offended by being called `` 3rd world '' every person from a non eu country in my home town works , should i go round them up on the possibility they might do something bad ? 
  d , i 've served too ... goody for both of us . . lets hope you 're more punctual next war . 
  dad , is that you ? 
  yeah i know it 's just my own take on this ... just kinda waiting for more shoes to drop . 
  after everything that has happened recently plus the issues with poland , hungary etc just feels like the enthusiasm for expansion has waned a bit . 
  i guess we 'll have to get over this current hump and see where we stand , i hope we get to a better place ... 
  thanks for taking the time for the good answer to me mate ,, 
  she would too ... bit of a whore . . but she 's got skills . 
  good few yep . . 
  jesus ... gods of the internet strike me down ! . 
  feel better now ... this is the internet princess , harden the fuck up instead of boring my arse off with the whinefest . 
  because i want to ... feel free to jog on if it 's of no interest to you . 
  you heard him , the tough guy on the internet told you to fuck off ... take it seriously !, 
  this guys a keeper ... you can fuck my sister sexy pants . . 
  sorry tone ... no ... 
  do n't see it if things keep going south in poland , hungary etc. . plus the migration issues ... do n't get me wrong lads , i have no issues with them joining , but shits just piling up now and things will have to change , adapt ... or die . . 
  most could read ? ... pre famine ? ... nope ... worked at what ? 
  15 % of my country is foreign born already ... i 'll let you know when the muslims start blowing stuff up . . 
  i do n't think of the prequels as sw ... 
  we had a population over twice what it is now at one time ... we 'll manage , we always do . 
  we 'll get back to it in a few years and see if it 's still ok . . 
  i know what i said and i stand by it ... they have to give out platitudes and good vibes , you hardly expect them to just say `` no soup for you * '' christ they are still holding out the fantasy turkey has a chance of joining . 
  too be honest there is more chance of kicking a member or 2 out then taking in any more . . * seinfeld reference . 
  and that 's how democracy dies ... people vote for it . . 
  i ca n't see much appetite beyond platitudes for eu expansion any time soon ... and by soon i means decades . 
  on the other hand with no people from the new members here we would have had more room to cater for all those people from the me and africa ... 
  they seem less prone to complaining ... see i can be a casual douche too ... 
  it 's unfortunately starting to feel like it was a mistake to expand the eu to the east ... 
  not a monty python fan ? 
  roflmao ... that was great thanks ... it just got darker and darker . 
  nice pinball table reference too . 
  happy belated bastille day french cousins !, 
  splitters !, 
  and the belgians know it ... 
  dutch humour ... 
  re-moaners propaganda ... fix it for ya . 
  you could change `` multi national '' to uk only and get the same result to be honest . 
  everyone has plans , but until money flows and stuff gets built . . 
  if we 're going by that rational then the f-22 started out in the early 70 's too , even though it did n't officially begin until 81 . . 
  yes , let 's not do anything ... because before . 
  1973 ? ... the consortium only formed in 1983 . . 
  yes i do ... your point ? . 
  should be ok with the french in stylistic control . 
  what anarcho said , plus simple self interest , if this fails then there is a good chance germany and frances fighter development and manufacture capability dies with it . 
  now 's the hard part , make it happen . 
  lets make it happen ... 
  lol ... 
  wait , are n't these guys supposed to be super patriot anti russian types ? ... 
  lol ... 
  do you need us to go up there to help out ? 
  you 're welcome ... 
  not major british universities . . 
  this has been their stand all during this ... some people just have n't listened . 
  it 's been the same here with our various business organisations etc , get a good deal , but the sm has to be protected . 
  a problem the uk has is their economy has an unusually sizable service sector element , not many fta cover services adequately if at all . . 
  even the us , the bastion of liberal trade over the years has been unusually reticent on the service sector being in ftas . 
  damn , so close !, 
  would you like a bridge , almost new , ono ... 
  not in this case ... deepstate is the term authoritarians use for elements of the state/society that keep their power checked , erdogan has used it it recently as well . 
  journalists , judges , security services in the us are all deepstate to the trumpkins because they see which way this ship is turning ... 
  ah `` deepstate '' aka the rule of law ... thanks for playing . 
  he ca n't even get legislation passed in the us and his party controls the executive and the legislature ... 
  meanwhile in bizarro world ! ... 
  he has a problem with merkel ... 
  that 's more for your brand protection issues , so you ca n't produce champagne in australia for example , or cornish pasties in sweden and call them that . 
  big deal for the agri/food business here ... 
  god i love this country ... 
  i ca n't see it that soon to be honest ... just my opinion though . 
  if it makes you all feel better there is no real appetite to expand again at least for the next decade ... or 4 ... 
  yes , and if the brits ate a lot of salmon that would be great ... haddock and cod though do n't have regular migration routes though , so they go where they wan na go . . 
  in fact if any thing they are getting more random in their movements with ocean temperature rises . . cod are especially susceptible to temperature change and are moving into the deeper atlantic and away from traditional fishing grounds . 
  yes but they do n't really have a sense of geographic patriotism now do they ? 
  the uk eats mostly haddock and cod ... good luck catching them in uk waters , plus most uk fishery exports are to the eu ... 
  damn it man , you beat me to it ... i hate you ! ... 
  * runs off crying *, 
  thanks i was actually looking for that . . 
  they denied being `` involved '' in donbass ... is this all semantic bollocks ?
