what is a dutch person ? ... lay it out there chief . 
  odd move , marion and marine apparently do n't get on super well since marine sees her as a potential rival . . younger , more attractive etc. . 
  what 's it all about lads ? 
  no , the king just got castrated ... 
  yes , that 's the reason ... you 've pegged everyone so well . 
  wolverines ! , brother , 
  well he got his guy into office so it should n't be too hard ... 
  it 's gone from `` it would be nice but '' to ... `` jesus we need a plan now '' . 
  yes . . 
  do we ? 
  yep ... consider it a parting gift from us to you . 
  cool , i 'm sure all of of the required infrastructure etc will be solely uk funded in the future with no issues . . 
  cool ... see my other response . 
  paraphrasing my other response on this , cool , you 'll be able to do this all yourselves soon enough . 
  cool the uk gov will have no issues replacing the eu flag with the union one after you gone on the pr brochures for stuff like this then . 
  you 'll finance all this stuff yourselves . 
  and in effing cornwall ... maybe they should do the honorable thing and return the non uk contributed funds ... 
  its worked well so far , so why change a winning formula . 
  nope ... 
  well duh , it 's kinda of obvious that , that is part of the plan for the uk as a whole post brexit ... just turn it into jersey writ large. , get all that sweet sweet russian oligarch money ... well the part of it they do n't have already . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , they have fucked us too , they do n't give a shit though so i am finding it hard to give too much of one back as they descend into a clown hole of ineptitude ... and yet , it 's still funny to me . 
  but but the commonwealth ... sailing the seas of the globe ... freedom ... 
  i kid i kid ... maybe . 
  ok ... wait ! , very clever you almost had us ... 
  as an outside observer , brexit is fucking hilarious . . 
  unless we seize a chunk of libya to build a gigantic facility who 's going to stick their neck out to take the number of people involved ? 
  i think it was the presidential and the cos ones that i got twisted up with . 
  she 's from british guiana pre 66 so she is a british subject , she has british citizenship ... you probably should n't have had all those colonies if you did n't want the folks from them having an opinion . 
  cool story brah !, 
  so much so you could cut yourself on it . 
  our stuff is in other peoples stuff and software ... so we 're there too !, 
  catalyst ... brexit has forced some hard thinking in official minds around here . 
  we owe the cloggies one for william of orange, 
  good to see some outside the box thinking on how we can exploit the current clusterfuck . 
  i have to ask , is there some potent medication you 're on ? 
  brain fart on my part ... apologies . . 
  hmmm ... 
  yes , to the nation and the constitution . 
  just like captured christians during the crusades , convert , get out , repent when at home ... 
  imagined version of nation \u2260 real version, 
  portugal you disappoint !, 
  if they could have the holy trinity of maggie thatcher , churchill and queen victoria alive and in charge they would die happy . 
  so one dead mp was n't enough ? ... 
  some can be entertaining ... the english one was just bad all round , they ended up back where they started pretty much . 
  the english do n't do quality civil wars ... the last one was a general clusterfuck . 
  you 're a constant source of amusing posts ... please continue . 
  that 's the spirit nugget ... 
  there are quite a few polish companies that are well placed in the tech ( all of it 's connotations ) industry . 
  you do ... you really do , glad i could help . 
  no , we 're not perfect ... just better . 
  to each his own ... 
  no , i like to wank alone while crying ... as god intended the shameful act to be . 
  it was some mildly sarcastic humour mate ... do n't take it to heart , 
  the brits said they do n't want experts so take the golden parachute and head home man . 
  seems logical ... i do n't like special corporate only court systems . 
  dumb ... in this day and age and if you 're in a high profile job , do n't let the `` funnies '' you think in your own head out into the wider world ... 
  you kinda have to admire that he lived his name to the max ... 
  oh i do n't need hate to wank ... it just makes it spicier . 
  you make us sound like savages ... i 'll have to tell the sister-wives about the insult . . 
  it 's hardly a distraction my country is trying to permanently borrow banks etc from the uk too . . it 's not the great white shark eating it all in one go you need to worry about it 's the scores of piranha nibbling away bit by bit . 
  yes , yes we are . . 
  yeah `` steal '' is a dubious term ... 
  president zeman seems to be a guy a lot of people hate , how did he get to be president ? ... 
  newmarket on fergus ... hows she cutting ? 
  be careful the kuz does n't piss bilge oil all over the place like she did to us a few years back . 
  hugs , 
  would we ? ... good to know . 
  north korea is a backwater shithole ... but what they do can affect japan and south korea ... 
  no , alcoholics ... easy mistake both emit gaseous emissions at inopportune moments . 
  there are as many european companies involved as anyone else ... it 's like when people talk about google and robotics as if they are the biggest player , they are n't even in the top 10 worldwide for robotics r&d, 
  lol , as a clareman , i find this funny . . 
  all the money would be used to clear up the spill after the kuz pisses bilge oil all over the place like she did off ireland a few years back . 
  yes ... yes ! ... i am so rigid right now . 
  we all need hobbies . 
  happy national day austrian cousins !, 
  they should look into the sale of kuka as well, 
  oh you ... 
  yes , but some people are being a pain in the arse . 
  are n't russian 's bi-continental scum ... so doubles . . ? 
  god willing we 'll struggle on ... pray for us . 
  please do ... it 'll ease the pressure on us from brussels over our tax rate ... , 
  galileo has a prn signal ... which could have military uses . 
  it entered service with sweden a few months back and is on course for the other over the next few years . 
  according to the belgian fm , the russians handed over a map with a flight path and iff codes for the belgian jet ... the belgians say the iff code is not theirs , so are calling bullshit on it . 
  we 're not interested unless they are bringing innovative jams and high tech biscuits . 
  i see a bright future for yorkshire 's vast tea plantations ... 
  as an outsider it 's mildly amusing to watch some people in the uk go batshit insane during all this ... 
  fair enough . . 
  cool , they were still idiots and they are reaping that idiocy and whining about it . 
  sympathy . . nope . 
   pareto principle !, 
  i do n't speak welsh mate ... 
  come on pw 80 % is a ridiculously small boat to put yourself into . . 
  anyone running a business where 80 % of their sales are to one place and thinks that 's ok is a moron . . 
  green , pleasant ... constant faint whiff of poo though . . 
  the eu can move fast when it wants ... 
  you remind me of a mushroom . . 
  yeah sorry , tough shit . 
  if you are 80 % dependent on one market then you have boned yourself . 
  indeed .
