  i do n't want to wake up one morning in the not too distant future to find out the us-russia-china had a modern day yalta conference and carved up spheres of influence etc while we 're all still pissing about who gets the eu medicines agency etc. . 
  i do n't want to associate putin with pussy ... it will make things ... awkward . 
  sounds too much like vulva . 
  pakistan has nukes ... but you do have a point . 
  russia is almost mind blowing in the difference . 
  i swear to fuck if this allows la pen to sneak in the backdoor ... i 'll go to france and punch fillon in the dick myself . 
  yes ... plus being more flexible they do n't pull any muscles . . 
  the eu is n't in the current form it was 30 years ago , or 40 years ago ... or indeed 50 years ago . . 
  wow , you saw the word hyperbole and said `` watch this ! '', 
  how long before we realise this crew of fuckwits is an existential threat to us . 
  i would never have guessed ... 
  what an alpha male huh ? ... 
  it did its job . 
  there is plenty of bad space to exist in between germany 1945 and now ... just look at some of our `` light authoritarian '' governments in existence now . 
  almost ubermensch level genetics ... i look at steve bannon and i think god among men . 
  the nsdp started out in a multiparty democracy too ... eventually they just wore away all opposition ... it 's naive to think the us is somehow immune to that . 
  you 're swedish so we kinda like you . . 
  actually we 're kinda late , the chinese offered us this almost 2 years ago . 
  it 's just a preliminary deal , if dcns gets the contract they make the money . 
  the other contenders will be or have already signed similar deals with other polish defence contractors . 
  they love the idea of a strong man to just rule them like a king ... 
  `` wrinkly donkey 's cunt '' ... yes , yes that 's going into the insult rotation . 
  well surprise , donald is n't into scat ... just golden showers , so enjoy the change of pace . 
  yay , fellow expanse fans ! ... let 's dance like mickies ... 
  and yet he still acts like a buffoon , you ca n't buy tact or class . 
  ah for fuck sake ... 
  really ... . please do go on explaining to us why we think the way we do . 
  same here in ireland ... and we speak a slightly comprehensible form of english . 
  i 'm shocked ... shocked i tells ya ! . 
  i like how you think and wish to subscribe to your magazine/website . 
  they do n't want to replace it , the world will be for the taking those strong enough to seize and hold what they can . 
  get a room you two !, 
  apologies all round ... 
  wait , what ... you thought norway was in the eu . 
  why are you making comments on something you obviously know sfa about ? 
  how is it punishment to apply the rules . 
  the uk is leaving , they want rid of certain fundamental rules of the club they are leaving but to retain 100 % of the benefits of that club ... bollocks to that no one would accept that . 
  if he had taken the money his father gave him and just conservatively invested it , he 'd have more money then he does . 
  he has had multiple flops and does n't even build things anymore he just licenses his name and face to other peoples projects . 
  i won a bet at the bookies when they voted out ... so i was happy . 
  some of them most certainly are there or thereabout ... 
  yet any of the clowns from those parties getting kicked off social media is an attack on free speech and pc gone mad . . snowflakes that they are . 
  i 'll give a shit about what stw think when they are as zealous in protesting anyone else wars besides the yanks/brits . 
  i feel bad for the staff ... 
  accurate . 
  not really ... i 'm not sure you get ironic amusement ... you should make that your new years resolution to fix that deficiency . 
  it 's amusing that what is happening in ukraine is so illegal in russia even advocating for separatism , not even acting on it , carries a jail term . 
  florida only has crazy people and oranges ... you 're not taking this away from us it 's all we got left . 
  yeah , the yanks have google , facebook , apple ... we have epic death/black/prog etc metal ... good trade imho . 
  there is no 100 % secure external border anywhere not even north korea ... could we do more absolutely but some people think there is some magical fool proof border and that is just not possible . 
  why not , ca n't be too safe as we keep getting told . 
  probably should have checkpoints around cities too ... got ta stop those millions of terrorist attacks . 
  i never said impossible , i 'm saying those clamoring for borders to shoot back up to the level of the old day 's do n't seem to remember there were plenty of terrorists and other criminal elements that moved fairly easy back then too . 
  i 'm not going to piss away something good because some and they are some terrible but at the end of the day minor terrorist attacks . 
  the uk has border checks and is n't in schengan ... 
  ok , raoul moat was on the run for 6 days in the uk with one of the largest manhunts in the history of the country after him ... time to put up border checks between counties to be super safe . 
  700,000 people will die from smoking related illness next year ... i look forward to the immediate banning of tobacco . 
  bank refuse loans all the time ... mostly if unsure if they will get it back , or in the case with fn it may have a detrimental effect on the bank or its image or ability to do business . 
  that 's honestly not far from how a lot of non irish people say it ... 
  banks are under no obligation to give you money . . 
  if the fn was as popular as we are told then as jtalin has said something like a crowd funding campaign should at least lower their borrowing needs . 
  i do dare sir , i do . 
  we pronounce yeah as `` ah '' with a slight y sound ... it 's hard to describe , you 'd have to hear it . 
  only in america ... , 
  that is also acceptable , i 'm irish and that 's just the way we say it with a little more on the `` yeah '' part . 
  i 'm sure their are banks much further to the east that will be glad to help out ... 
  that 's nice love , you should get it tattooed on your arse ... it 'll mean something then . 
  aka the cousins ... 
  sons of the gael !, 
  men of the pale the long watched day is breaking ; the serried ranks of inisfail shall set the tyrant quaking . 
  our camp fires now are burning low ; see in the east a silv ' ry glow , out yonder waits the saxon foe , so chant a soldier 's song . 
  i 'll be polite , get a dildo wrap it in razor blades and go fuck yourself . . 
  well we have to fight our corner do n't we ... next thing you know they 'll be calling us the outer dutch isles . 
  we have to put a stop to it here before it gets out of hand . 
  who gives a fuck what the rest of the world thinks ... 
  we do when it relates to us , you want to be the british isles , fine , we do n't have to be any part of it . 
  well we will just write that down and think about giving a shit at a later date . 
  `` so keep quiet and look at the situation in your countries . '', 
  no to the first part , we already do to the second . 
  not to be hyperbolic , but iraq under saddam had elections , assad in syria holds elections . . 
  everyone imagines there is never a risk of their country sliding into some sort of autocratic state for want of a better term ... 
  bit by bit they chip away at one check ... then they chip away at another balance ... they restrict one freedom , just a little bit at first but then that wedge gets bigger and bigger ... then one day you wake up and your country has changed for the worst . 
  you either hold the line somewhere or you except people changing the rules to suit themselves . 
  this is n't a poland specific reply it 's to anyone who has a government come into power who then decides that things need changing `` for reasons '', 
  hawaii is not the us ... that would be just as silly a statement . 
  guyana is considered as much a part of france as normandy ... it 's literally the same as texas would be to the usa . 
  where do you think the esa launches the ariane and vega rockets from ... 
  jebus i feel like we have fallen into a time hole back into the cold war ... cambridge spy rings and all . . , 
  if they wanted him dead so badly they could have rolled a grenade into the hole they found him in ... wait let me guess they wanted a show trial ... a trial that actually made saddam look `` good '' for want of a better term . 
  correction there skipper the iraqis tried , convicted and hanged saddam . . 
  poland ! ... time to fit the wings to those leo ii 's , boys ... 
  depends on what you do ... it guy would be more in demand in one area then someone in the life science and vice versa etc, 
  it is , it really is ... i only learned to tie my own shoe laces last year ... 
  it 's ok nigel i apologised for my mistake already . . you 're in the clear ... for now . 
  apologies , my fingers got away from my brain ... 
  oh god no , the russians are doing plenty of stuff we need to keep an eye on and take action to counter ... stuff like this can be a distraction . 
  you hope for the best , you plan for the worst , sure the russians could build on gotland and everything will be fine ... but if there is even a slim chance that a non good outcome may happen ... you are better to be prudent . 
  agreed , we 're starting to get panicky with this `` russians do everything '' thing ,, 
  god speed you waffle crazy bastard !, 
  seriously ? ... are you just some ai that 's spontaneously formed on the internet and is struggling to comprehend the world ?
