  he also does n't like paying taxes . . and he stiffed a load of workers at his company when it went belly up, 
  oh look , our resident champagne socialist ... 
  you make it sound like a zero sum game , someone wins so the others must lose ... 
  oh i am ... virtually every day now seeing the clusterfuck the brits have made of this . . 
  march 1960 editorial in the nr . 
   in the deep south the negroes are , by comparison with the whites , retarded '' ( ` unadvanced ' the national association for the advancement of colored people might put it ) ... 
  leadership in the south , then quite properly rests in white hands . 
  upon the white population this fact imposes moral obligations of paternalism , patience , protection , devotion , and sacrifice . '', 
  the editorial added that `` the attempt to hand over to the negro the raw political power with which to alter it is hardly a solution . 
  it is a call to upheaval , which ensues when reality and unbridled abstractions meet head-on . < i have more ... a lot more of them if you want to go ... i 've got nothing better to do . 
  as god intended . . 
  they 're dead jim !, 
  fair enough ... to be honest i should n't have come into this discussion . . 
  always got ta one up the rest ... lucky we 're family or we 'd be annoyed , 
  hehehehe ... 
  no thanks , went through it with my mother in may this year , and my dad in may last year ... 
  longer video here . 
  shows how low the base level is ... 
  prometheus has been funded ... 
  he 's already dead ... this is palliative care . 
  i understand where his parents are coming from , but they are hoping for a miracle , and they 'll put him through hell to get it . 
  magazine founded specifically to fight the civil rights movement ... yes , i 'll take them seriously . 
  yep , but apparently he had close friends killed in lebanon ... if i 've gathered it correctly . 
  the iranians have even erected statues to the `` martyrs '' who carried out the attacks . 
  i may be wrong . 
  he has a personal beef with iran going all the way back to lebanon 83 . . 
  being irish our forte while embracing firearms , leans more towards blowing shit up . . there is no kill like overkill !, 
  sorry , i 'll clear it up for you , i meant you ... but you 're right i should be more polite , please fuck off . 
  the russians are denying it ... but the bbc say they have proof he signed a contract with the russian army in march 2017 ... hmmm, 
  you do n't want folks who do n't look like you coming home with you , best not visit their countries for extended periods uninvited ... 
  the french made their choice ... 
  it 's terribly unfortunate the french decided having an empire was a good idea ... 
  define that , what is `` ethnic french '' ? ~, 
  oh ice cold man , ice cooold !, 
  get fucking y' all !, 
  a couple of odd points about ireland , we have had baby booms in every decade since independence , even during severe economic circumstances . 
  we had one in the 80s , a smaller one in the 90 's a large one again during the recent economic troubles . 
  i have no clue why , we just get busy . 
  do n't worry we have this ... 
  well my family has done its part , i have 1 brother and 3 sisters and altogether i have 21 nieces and nephews ... you 're welcome . 
  what in the fuck is with all the negative comments ? ... if we ca n't help out a member of the family like this then whats the point . 
  me too man , me too . 
  those damn space commies ! ... 
  and then we can go out into space . . and shoot aliens in the face , united as one , like god intended ... * sniff sniff * ... it 's going to be beautiful ... * wipes away tear *, 
  yes ... of course they are . 
  this conversation now bores me , be on your way . 
  no , it 's because the russians pull this shit in the baltic all the time because they think they can get away with it . 
  they came clean in syria because it 's an active battlespace and shit can go south fast . 
  oh goody ... 1 out of how many ? 
  what serbia ... i 'm not sure it 's that bad ... 
  yes , because on one side you have a jet siddling up into an intercept on the other you have guys hot dogging with roll overs and close wing passes ... 
  if it makes you feel better the chinese are also assholes during intercepts with risky flying . 
  hail science y' all ! . . 
  yep ... sorry brits . . 
  not all of them ... 
  ironically he is also an irish citizen ... 
  i feel kinda bad for carney , he is one of the few competent people on the uk 's side trying to hold shit together . 
  that 's a good question ... 
  yeah , but those are russians and therefore do n't count ... . 
  good drills ... 
  one of those is plausible the other not so much ... 
  stay strong cousins ... 
  with whats happening in portugal ... i ca n't complain . . 
  he 's on the europe sub reddit , and foreigners are not his target audience , so by logic it 's the brits on here he is after ... not exactly a huge chunk of the subs population especially since a large number of said brits are pro brexit too . . 
  so really he is here to be the persistent fart of the place ... just hanging around being obnoxious and not wafting away ... 
  then you are on the wrong sub reddit skipper . . 
  so we will be the go to guys for you for your turn ... see we planned ahead , smart ... bigly smart . 
  you can thank us later . 
  to you , to us if the sun pokes out past the clouds we burn like pale freckly vampires ... 
  and yet you wo n't move out of the house and are claiming the furniture ... we 'll have to get a restraining order soon . 
  but it 's fecking hot there right now ? 
  ooooh that was ice cold man !, 
  a lot of people seem to be choosing members of his party and their allies too ... 
  ok , no problem from me . 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  we fart rose scented goodness ... 
  ah the cold wind and rain toughen you up ... you guys down south have it too easy with your great weather , fantastic food , attractive women etc etc. ... oh ... :(, 
  well we are worth what individually , conservatively 5 of any one else ... so you know it all works out in the end , inshallah . 
  thank you ... for whatever it is you 're talking about ... thank you . 
  can you point out any russian company/organisation/person that has bought media outside russia that is not connected to the kremlin ? 
  the closest to independent would probably be alexander lebedev and he still is close . 
  does n't bother me , i 'm irish and there will be quite a few more of us ... my descendants might annex a part of eastern europe , or maybe even a decent part of russia for funzies . . , 
  well if it makes russians feel better , in a century or 2 there 'll be a lot less russians to be racist at so we wo n't have to bother ... 
  almost all mass media in russia is gov owned or controlled by entities aligned with the kremlin . . 
  i was using a chinese gov designation of a metropolitan area . 
  if you go by that the yangtze river delta ma has a pop of approx 90 million people . . more if you go outside the urban areas that 's all i was saying mate , 
  it was never london 's , they were allowed to have it . 
  to be fair , even if you include russia , in population stakes all european nations are small/medium in size . 
  there are metro areas in china with more people then uk or france . . 
  w. . . t. . . f ? 
  this has aged badly ... 
  yep , but the 2050 mark is for the retirement , there will have to be a supplementary ac already in service well before that date . 
  and to be honest the world of 30 + years time is hard to judge . 
  who knows what `` 6th gen '' fighters will be coming online around that date , us , chinese ... indian maybe and what capabilities htey may have . 
  when you add it all together especially if people want some radical technologies in it , this fighter might take 2 decades to come together . 
  the us is already working on advanced engine tech , dew , etc etc `` we '' will need to do likewise or be perpetually on the back foot . 
  this fighter wo n't be in service until the mid 2030 's anyhow , and the rafale might be just hanging in there in that time frame ... plus can/will france pay for a follow on , on it 's own ? 
  bigger than me then ... 
  demonstrating the size of his willy for the ladies ... 
  why does it feel like we 're being eaten by a crocodile shaped uk ?
