  yes it is , do n't be modest . 
  well we can be confident in one thing , if and when the eu does end , the uk will be the least prepared for it if history is any guide . 
  hey , that 's a medical issue and i 'd ask you to be a gentleman about it ... 
  never ! ... 
  a pertinent question . 
  to be honest you put an irish tricolour in there , and a micheal collins portrait on the left it would be ireland to a t. . we are n't that much different polish cousins  my parents already have the jp ii picture hanging up . 
  decent one here is 4 $ and up . 
  good , thanks for clearing that up . 
  ah ... i got nothing . 
  a solid reason to give greece debt relief ... they are now an eu border state of a potentially hostile nation so they need to be capable as possible . 
  so we give syria money that they 'll give russia and iran to rebuild the stuff they blew up ... oh ffs . # does no one have a fucking clue in brussels, 
  jesus tap dancing christ ... just to show you how fucked up brexit is ... i had n't even heard of this genius idea here . 
  happy independence day finnish cousins , here 's to many more . 
  yah , we 're special too !, 
  actually i believe the german government was looking for a way to block it , and similar deals too . 
  good ... 
  are you telling me with a straight face that a big red bus with writing on it lied to me ? ... i 'm shocked ! ... i. . . i do n't know how to process this . 
  good . 
  a cheque for 349 million a week should just about cover it me thinks . 
  happy birthday ... remember we 're all depending on you to keep dracula locked up . 
  hey we 're trying to knick some of their financials etc , you lads might as well get your piece of the action too . 
  the brexiteers like to refer to the eussr etc , i prefer to think of us like the mob ... the brits will soon no longer be a made man so they get nothing of la cosa nostra . 
  i remember voting for the people who picked him ... 
  bwhahahahahahahahahahahahahah ... no . 
  yes , we 've been having baby boom here ... for the last 50 fucking years ... 
  i think i can hear the people up the road at it right now ... 
  lol , an apology tour ... how embarrassing . 
  yep ... 
  odds on he is angling for a show on fox or fnc ... 
  are you white and rich ? ... then a-ok chap . 
  never said it was his fault to begin with . . 
  it 's kind of amusing when you see all the putin fluffers online claiming he has clamped down on the oligarchs and neutered them ... all he did was tell them hide their wealth better from the local yokels . 
  oh i thought wildfires were a yearly thing there , sorry . . 
  are the fires particularly bad this year ? 
  yet if anything happens we 'd call the brits etc in to help ... classic irish solution to an irish problem ... 
  what in the good god damn fuck !, 
  no no , thank you for letting me enlighten everyone else . 
  it 's reddit , you post , people answer ... it 's part of the whole deal with the place and every other social media site . 
  well that will save us the awkwardness of continually shaking our heads while saying yes every time they ask ... 
  what an added clusterfuck on top of mount clusterfuck . . jesus . . 
  interesting anecdote i have from today . 
  i had to go into an intreo office ( social welfare/gov services etc ) and they have job listings posted there , one of them was for software engineers for a firm in spain ... first time i have seen jobs in spain advertised there , it 's usually germany , netherlands etc even poland once, 
  thats almost like beat poetry mate . . 
  ok , but only because you asked politely . 
  same here mate ... same here . 
  come on finland and italy ... stop slacking you lot !, 
  yep , they 've been through more then enough ... 
  it gets foreclosed and the yanks find out he has mortgaged the country to pay for it to an alien race who thinks humans are tasty ... 
  most of the posts there seem to be by yanks ... 
  yep let them have a taste of sweet sweet responsibility ... most ca n't handle it . . 
  cnn had corey lewandowski on the payroll ffs during the election, 
  fair enough if that 's what they want , have at it ... 
  i think these two are less russian leaning more trying to play off the eu and russia to get better deals . . 
  well that 's not good for you ... 
  yes because my country is worse off then it was pre 1973 ... 
  of course he does ... 
  yes , we 'd all like a chance to vichy her but . . 
  which is what , break it down to what is the basic level of dutchness you 'll accept as being genuine . 
  i 'm irish , which means mostly celt , but also , people from scandinavia , norman , anglo-saxon , some parts of the country you 'll have people with spanish and french ancestors , which % of you makes you what ? 
  solid win ... 
  i know my mother died from cancer in may ... 
  i thought they said it was terminal ? ... anyway good for him and his family . 
  shocked ... . . 
  here 's a bit of a sci fi thought that might cheer some people up ... in a couple of decades we 'll have artificial wombs so people wo n't even have to carry their own baby to term ... 
  already am ... 
  nice , thanks for sharing . 
  no , i 'm exceptional ... i 'm not sure quite as exceptional as a yank pretending to be english or sadder again an english person who spells words the yank way . . 
  anyway it 's been fun . . have a great day . 
  why you got ta break my balls man !, 
  general incompetence , you ? 
  why are you spelling defence like an american ? 
  `` eire '' means nothing ... does n't exist , unlike you 're list . 
  i do n't think anyone in pis would shout at the pope that he was the anti christ though ... 
  never understood their fascination with calling us `` eire '' ... misspelling and all . 
  it 's also hilariously wrong in it 's stats , `` 50 % '' trade ... nope . 
  if god thought norn ireland ( not ulster ) was a good idea , he ai n't worth much in the believing stakes . 
  bit of an asshole ... surly , butts people all the time ... 
  ... are the best ... yes i agree 129 %, 
  and your mash be light and creamy ... 
  finally a monarch i can relate to ... 
  at least they are going about this in the right way , through the law . 
  we 're always angry so it 's not hard ... 
  this geezers takin ' the piss mate ... 
  damn you massachusetts institute of technology !!, 
  i feel shame now ... 
  yes , but i 'm a violent irrational asshole who does n't consider the consequences ... 
  i honestly thought we 'd be higher ... 
  and he made it out of there with all his teeth and both his legs intact ? ... nicer people then i would have been . 
  to be honest i 'm more concerned about a russian warship pissing bilge oil along the coast like they did a few years back ... 
  they exist , but the continual degrading of funding , ever more operational commitments etc etc are slowly but surely grinding them down . 
  it 's even happening to the usaf , but the sheer size of the usaf means it 's more drawn out . 
  we 're fucked then ... 
  i 'm hearing no downside !, 
  no , fuck off ... 
  here 's another take ... both air forces are in bad shape . 
  had to be said ... 
  he 's backtracked already . . 
  i 'm thorough like that . 
  i tasered myself before hand ... 
  anyone who uses the term `` based '' should be tasered in the balls ...
