my english teacher was from georgia . 
  pretty place . 
  yeah , this . 
  i was actually surprised to see that . 
  pleasantly . 
  there 's a [ hidden ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nl7za5vyze ) achievement in hearts of iron iv referring to him . 
  we werent really eastern though . 
  we were the most profitable part of austria-hungary and noone throws austria into the eastern bag . 
  after the austro-hungarian empire fell two thirds of its industry that powered this giant were located in czech lands , so the future looked pretty bright for us . 
  then ww2 happened and then communism and soviets came . 
  second i believe , malta gets the gold :d, 
  it 's better than ever . 
  wages are growing , we have biggest state income to date . 
  i live in prague where the uneployment is only 2 % and we got to the point where the uneployment is so small that the companies have problems with getting employees . 
  i like the 15t , wi-fi , air-conditioning and its clean , but the old tatra has the most space . 
  countries using $ . 
  do n't be so negative , i got myself a job when i was n't even looking for one . 
  there 's 150 000 free positions currently and the wages are growing . 
  future looks bright for my country . 
  no , luxembourg was owned by bohemia too . 
  yes . 
  you guys know pat and mat ? 
  that 's crazy lol, 
  i 'd vote for him . 
  i 've no clue why euboia is slightly different colour . 
  what ? 
  im from prague and the thing is breathing with history . 
  i cut myself on that edge . 
  czech 's do that too . 
  source : used to do that too . 
  train ? 
  this saddens me greatly :( . 
  reminds me how someone compared us to the hobbits . 
  if you watch [ this scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pcunqlpa8a ) and replace hobbits with czechs it 's actually really funny and fitting . 
  well , but in what way would it be different than today ? 
  i 'm not sure if that 's even possible . 
  with all the languages and cultures i 'm affraid it would n't work , but then again the whole eu concept seemed impossible less than 100 years ago . 
  dude please ... 
  i just realized croatia looks like a dragon . 
  ca n't unsee now, 
  no , it 's not . 
  in czech , slav is ` slovan ' - derived from ` slovo ' ( word ) . 
  meanwhile , ` slave ' is ` otrok ' . 
  no similarities . 
  you sure about that ? 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  do n't try it turkey , we have the high ground, 
  we do n't like moving out do we ? 
  not sure if rapidly , but they definitely should increase . 
  i heard there 's a ton of opportunities for programmers right now , it might be worth a shot to keep your eye out . 
  haha kinda . 
  companies around here throw all sorts of benefits and bonuses your way to attract new employees because there 's literally not enough people to fill them . 
  i do n't know if we 're progressive but in this particular case , it 's probably a result of mostly secular society . 
  i still do n't understand why we have n't legalized it yet . . at least we have registered partnerships, 
  i find it really funny that he had to fly around ukraine to get to moldova just to be turned away by romania . 
  '' good romania goood ... kill him , kill him now . 
  dew it . '', 
  the title should disclose that this applies to the uk only . 
  i got scared for a moment . 
  cream of the crop eh ? 
  i 'm so jealous right now . 
  it 's almost 30 for most of the day around here and i 'm sweating my balls off . 
  glorious . 
  how can i slow the gif to the individual pictures ? 
  there 's so much in it and i really want to see everything . 
  dont feed the troll people, 
  duchy of nitra was [ independent ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/nitra_moravia_833.png ) in 9th century before being annexed by moravia and transformed into great moravia, 
  hopefully this will become a trend in other eu countries soon . 
  gib back codex gigas, 
  since when do we not ? 
  that 's great !, 
  my parents were to albania like a year or two ago and they loved it . 
  i hope you guys join the eu soon to make travelling even easier . 
  well the guns make it possible and easier . 
  its a troll account , just look at his history . 
  he just says this to piss people off . 
  why such hatred ? 
  czechs do n't emigrate all that often anyway . 
  gib back codex gigas . 
  beautiful untouched nature , paradox interactives homeland . 
  only those who do n't know about these numbers would claim such things . 
  i approve . 
  the summer is really kicking off , eh ? 
  that 's a badass haircut . 
   ca n't dutch this  shotto von habsburg brilliant . 
  never understood how a slav can be a nazi , but i guess it just shows the mental level these people are on . 
  that 's really nice to see my city as a first drawing !, 
  great work , you have talent . 
  btw do you sell some of your work or is it just a hobby ? 
  for a few days , sure dude , i 'm really looking forward to the food so any tips regarding places to eat are welcome !, 
  i 'm going to south tirol next month and to verona , i 'm hoping to see this with my own eyes !, 
  amen to that , with our low unemployment we could totally use more manpower . 
  there are 150 000 free jobs currently that czechs ca n't fill on their own . 
  well , we could always use more kebab stalls around here . 
  haha this one 's great, 
  nothing thank you very much, 
  wait really ? 
  that 's so cool, 
   owever , she got it mixed up with `` nasrat '' oh man , that must 've been so funny . 
  i bet she said that with serious face too,
