i vote we just start leaving crimea off of maps , it 's just too much trouble . 
  crimea ? 
  never heard of her !, 
  iceland confirmed as moon . 
  no wonder mums go there . 
  uk stronk !, 
  nope , i have n't heard of it either . 
  i would have thought southampton or dover would be bigger . 
  $ 2000 a year for the tuition fees which is around # 1600 so around 1/6 of the price . 
  but there 's no loans so it 's more expensive in the short term . 
  plus the universities do n't have any accommodation themselves ( or at least mine does n't ) and outsources it to local housing companies . 
  which means it 's probably more expensive but you get to keep the lease for as long as you like , even after you graduate . 
  either way , i 'm paying $ 375 ( # 300 ) a month for a room 10 minutes from the university and 5 from the town centre with a supermarket literally next door . 
  so overall , i 'd say it 's a lot cheaper providing you do n't need a student loan . 
  yeah , i 'm doing an english language degree in eindhoven . 
  it 's funny ( or depressing , whichever ) that in the uk we regard america as backwards for using imperial measurements instead of the superior metric system yet the rest of europe thinks the same of us . 
  what about `` welcome to the uk '' instead ? 
  i find it funny that i moved to the netherlands for cheap university but the dutch move to belgium for the same . 
  your prize : benefits !, 
  lots and lots of benefits . 
  $ 1,000 a year is expensive ? 
  never go to the uk , it 's # 9,000 a year which is roughly $ 12,000 a year . 
  i 've noticed the opposite actually . 
  moved to n. brabant a couple of months ago and there have been a lot of people that say their english is bad that speak it nearly as well as i do . 
  i thought it was mostly referred to as east sweden . 
  well i 'm pretty sure in 1067 england and normandy were both separate to france and under the rule of william the conqueror so i really do n't think it can be classed as a french invasion . 
  and the current french flag for the uk ? 
  technically it was n't even france , it was just the normans . 
  so really that should be the 2 lions on a red background flag . 
  200 years is a long time to not be invaded ? 
  sadly it only got silver at perf and sidney . 
  seems pretty high to me but i 'm no expert on voter turnouts . 
  they can take our land but they can never take our freedom !, 
  because we 'll give it willingly !, 
  we actually have stroopwafels in the uk but i did n't try one until i looked for them in aldi . 
  and that 's what those things are for ? 
  i 've seen them around but never realised they actually sold food . 
  you dutch are weird . 
  living there right now . 
  think i may overdose on stroopwafels if i stay any longer . 
  wait , slayer of virgins ? 
  damn , i 've got to visit france some time . 
  no , it was n't the polish vodka that did this , it was the polish workers !, 
  outside of american content ( that does n't require dubbing or subtitles ) , we do n't have much if any foreign stuff . 
  other than interviews for documentaries or the news which are dubbed anyway . 
  unless you count s4c which is neither dubbed nor subbed . 
  interesting how the uk and ireland are blue . 
  whilst we definitely do n't dub things , there 's not exactly anything to dub other than anime . 
  would make more sense for it to be grey / not filled in than blue imo . 
  it 's a vocal minority . 
  they claim that right now there are some issues with the eu that means the uk is n't getting it 's money 's worth . 
  very few people want to leave the eu but a larger ( but still small ) amount wants reforms . 
  the uk joined back in the 70s and a lot has changed in 30 years . 
  which is why you buy it out using a merchant of venice !, 
  `` got any drugs , kid ? '', 
  `` n-no d : '' `` damn . 
  know anyone who does ? 
  i just ran out '', 
  well at the time they were . 
  ooh , what about speed cameras ? 
  then i could get there quickly !, 
  well you know what they say , once you go black ... 
  are we doing [ taxi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzr2nv8ntee ) songs ? 
  yup . 
  tea with milk is by far the most common in the uk . 
  hey , do n't downplay tea shortages !, 
  that 's a serious problem in some parts of the world !, 
  that 's because calcio is good for your bones !, 
  ooh , make it a charity against jewish discrimination or something along those lines . 
  that would really pizz of the neo-nazis whilst making the historian customers happy . 
  well perhaps not exactly but it converts matter into energy , effectively creating it . 
  til nuclear reactor workers are god . 
  it looks like it 's made out of frozen mountain dew . 
  england did it a few hundred years before portugal . 
  we kicked out our king and became a republic . 
  but that ended up being worse so we put the old kings son on the throne . 
  and i 'm moving to the netherlands in august . 
  i doubt i 'll even get a chance to practise it d : . 
  shut up you monoglot . 
  also , i am totally using that word as my new goto insult . 
  it 's just to funny not to . 
  but every pole i 've spoken to speaks at least rudimentary english . 
  they came over here to work and they ca n't do that without it . 
  yeah but the image specified having a conversation . 
  if nobody can understand your english , it 's not a conversation !, 
  i 'm imagining a chav with a dutch accent . 
  it 's a really weird image . 
  a levels are a lot of work . 
  you may only have 5 hours of lessons a week but you 're expected to do at least a couple of hours a day of revision . 
  in the end it 's probably closer to 400-500 hours for the hardest working students . 
  france thinks french is still the lingua franca . 
  which technically it is because lingua franca literally means the french language . 
  but they never got the memo that english is now the french language . 
  well dutch and english are pretty similar so it would n't surprise me too much . 
  i always wondered why the dutch accent was so strange when speaking english . 
  i suppose i never thought of the fact that you never really use it . 
  is n't german one of belgium 's official languages ? 
  i think i saw a movie set in ww2 where the main nazi bad guy had an english accent . 
  hi ( story ) five !, 
  yeah , it was ( mostly ) a joke .
