   and remember , the soviet union pulled out eventually , even gave the germans their land back peacefully , and now do n't have millitary bases arround their old nations right , `` peacefully '' . 
  you do n't really think they just thought one day that it would be a nice idea to dismantle the ussr and pull out of germany do you ? 
  there was massive pressure from nato to pull out . 
  the ussr had slowly fallen from being a superpower and any war with the us and europe would be futile . 
  they had no choice but to pull out . 
  and there 's no bases because the countries would n't let them come anywhere near them . 
  finland literally has to bomb russian submarines to keep them away , the lack of military bases is * not * by choice . 
   but they did n't overthrow the government , they just take the pieces of the cake they are able to take . 
  and that means they did n't invade it how exactly ? 
  an invasion is still an invasion even if it 's easy . 
  and i 'm talking about modern history here not medieval history . 
  germany invaded europe in wwii , yes , but it started as an attempt to reclaim land they considered theirs ( western poland was german pre-1918 ) . 
  after the war they 've distanced themselves and only really became complete after 1990 . 
  they 're very different to 1939 germany . 
  russia however was never destroyed like germany . 
  the ussr was dismantled but instead of scurrying away and losing nationalistic tendencies , support for the ussr slowly started to grow . 
  for many russians it was a setback not a defeat . 
  the government has viewed eastern europe as their own since the 1920s and it 's not out of the question that they 'd try to get it back . 
  well the uk has a lot of natural gas as well and we had ( have ? 
  not sure how much is left ) a lot of coal so we 'd still be rich if resources mattered . 
  to be fair , russia did invade ukraine and has a history of invading eastern europe . 
  it 's a lot more likely and a much more real threat than the us invading russia . 
  for ... russian immigrants ? 
  yeah , that 's not exactly a problem . 
  we just let scotland vote for independence . 
  if the falklands wanted to be argentinian then they could do the same . 
  oh wait , they want to be british . 
  how silly of me . 
  i could say the same about you :p . 
  also it probably depends on where you live . 
  gmt is kind of a murica moment for the uk as it 's basically the timezone all other timezones are based off of . 
  so i guess the uk never uses utc outside of scientific or official contexts whereas other countries are more likely to use utc . 
  also more possible . 
  it 's hard enough keeping the uk in the eu , if they make us change from gmt ( which is as british a time zone as you can get * and * the standard other time zones are measured by ) to cet , we would probably end up rioting . 
  why is iceland on gmt when it 's firmly in the -1 zone ? 
  to keep it closer to continental time or something ? 
  come on , you eat snails and frogs legs , fish organs are nothing !, 
  they were hunting for mushroom clouds . 
  luckily they have n't found any yet . 
  do n't worry greenland , i 'm sure your cigarettes are fine . 
  so that 's why i was forced to dismantle my weapon of mass banana . 
  well it was !, 
  it was so bosnia could pay off all the contractors !, 
  if we 're making fun of bike related things , i 'd like to draw attention to the amount of olympic gold medals for cycling each country has . 
   sperm sample where applicable . 
  no , sperm samples from * everyone * . 
   fashion : french u wot , m8 ? 
  boil it , bake it but whatever you do , do n't stick it in a stew !, 
  this is about the only time i can say that i 'm glad you feel like shit without sounding like an arsehole . 
  yeah . 
  like uk vs germany , does germany have higher percentage as taxes because taxes are high or cost of electricity is low ? 
  and does the uk have expensive electricity or cheap taxes on it ? 
  this chart says nothing . 
  in 60 years people will be asking if you could go back in time , would you kill hitler or merkel !, 
  only one solution then . 
  do n't resist , the army is only here to liberate you from an import tax . 
  sure , if the pope wants to live in vienna and preach at the local cathedral , he should know german . 
  exceptions can be made for visits from religious heads or significant figures like the pope or dalai lama . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again : the dutch are fucking weird . 
  is n't army service effectively mandatory in switzerland despite the fact you never go to war ? 
  because when people say western , they 're referring to north america and europe . 
  and while islam has reached as far west as most of spain , that was centuries ago and these days there 's very few islamic countries in or around europe . 
  do they have to be jews ? 
  would killing random children work instead ? 
  is that the custom nation achievement ? 
  try starting in panama and grabbing the important south american footholds spain and portugal always need before going for the full east coast of the americas . 
  if any foreign colonies pop up , declare war and take them immediately , do n't let anyone get a foothold . 
  * usually *, 
  `` we 're gunna win 2-0 ! '', 
  `` no , it 'll be 3-0 '' `` fuck you , it 's 2-0 for sure you motherfucker ! '', 
  this says otherwise ! '', 
  * punches him * disclaimer : i have no idea how american football is scored . 
  well i for one welcome our japanese overlords . 
  i do n't think he 's saying it 's a bad thing , just that it 's a thing . 
  i assume `` stor '' is danish for great ? 
  because technically that would leave off northern ireland . 
  sure , they 're pretty irrelevant and most of us forget we actually own them but even so ... 
  hey , why are n't you angry , he called you british too !, 
  `` wait , this is n't denmark ... '', 
  yeah , back in wwii they had the strongest military on earth even if it was through sheer force of numbers . 
  since then russia has stagnated and these days still poses a threat , especially to eastern europe , but would n't be able to win a proper war without outside help . 
  of course they could nuke paris and london but that would just get moscow levelled . 
  i 've said it before but the current political climate is scarily similar to early 1930s europe . 
  there 's a rise in nationalism and the far right as well as the demonisation of minorities ( syrians for europe , mexicans for the us if trump is anything to go by ) and it all happened after a significant recession . 
  well they elected a [ porn star ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilona_staller ) at one point . 
  let 's hope that 's next for america !, 
  actually i 'm just annoyed . 
  we worked hard for the stupidest country reward and then america steals it less than a year later ? 
  `` we want to be sovereign and in control of our own laws !, 
  wait , what do you mean our own laws are getting in the way ? '', 
  actually they 're right , brexit could effectively be stopped depending on what the clauses are . 
  for instance , article 50 can only be invoked if there 's a consensus from economic experts that it wo n't harm the economy or that the eu can guarantee freedom of movement for uk citizens . 
  the first stipulation basically stops it in its tracks because there will never be an economic consensus that leaving the eu will be good for the economy in the short or long run . 
  the second one also stops it because the eu has said they wo n't negotiate until article 50 has been invoked but the uk would be saying that we wo n't trigger article 50 until we 've negotiated this one issue . 
  neither will back down and the uk will remain the troublesome child that keeps threatening to run away some day . 
  i would say no . 
  we do n't actually know whether she wants to leave or not but if she does and everything goes wrong , she 'll be blamed for it . 
  a remain vote on the other hand would effectively block it until the next election at which point it would probably be forced back into parliament . 
  so all she 'd have to do is scrap the current plans , tell a sob story to voters about how her hands are tied and she ca n't go ahead with it and keep a general election at bay until 2020 . 
  no matter where she personally stands , i think she 's hoping for a remain vote because she can spin it multiple ways without having to actually announce which side she 's on .
