  johnson thought remain would win though , he backed leave assuming it would lose by a small margin and could use that as leverage to get himself prime minister . 
  if 2 % of the voters had voted differently we 'd have had remain win . 
  i definitely think that 2 % is well within the feasible protest vote block and i 'd would be * extremely * surprised if remain was n't the prevailing sentiment at this point . 
  it 's not like they 'll necessarily be beaten in the next election either . 
  do you know your local mp 's voting history ? 
  most people do n't , they see conservative / labour on the ballot which is `` their party '' and vote for them . 
  they 'll lose votes and many * will * lose their seat but a lot of others will keep them , especially if their opposition is also pro-eu . 
  it means fucknuts ... 
  can we undo it ? 
  we are the centre of europe and the world and the solar system and the galaxy and the universe !, 
  yep , you could probably find a retail job easy enough but as a graduate , you probably do n't want that , you want the programming job you 're qualified for . 
  and also what are they employed as . 
  most stats like this just ask whether they have a job and working as a # 80k a year programmer is the same as a # 17k a year cashier to them . 
  my idea is a single medal ( well three , gold , silver and bronze ) per sport . 
  after all events are finished and individual medals are given out , the countries with the most points in that sport get a gold medal on the leaderboard , second gets silver and third gets bronze . 
  so in the end , swimming gives as many medals as athletics which gives as many as volleyball . 
  i 'm sure wisconsin or nebraska have almost a negative gdp . 
  america is concentrated in around 10 states and the rest are there for moral support . 
   we 're practically a single nation already triggered, 
  did you not see the brexit vote ? 
  many brits sadly see european immigrants as bad . 
  they 're immigrants and that 's enough for some people . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  if the terminal has taught me anything it 's that you can get a construction job and meet a pretty girl when living in the airport !, 
  i 'm surprised there 's not more outrage about this . 
  cities are generally * way * more tolerant no matter what country of form of bigotry you 're talking about . 
  it 's even the case in the southern usa . 
  but we 're not judging chavs on the colour of their skin , we 're judging chavs on the fact that they are , by definition , racist assholes . 
  not all working class are chavs and not all chavs are even working class . 
  and for that matter , not all chavs are white . 
  no , there 's practically no racism towards black people here . 
  there 's still racism and lots of it but that 's mostly aimed towards pakistani , gypsies and eastern european immigrants rather than british born black people, 
  on the other hand , getting drunk and hiding in your basement could be the best choice . 
  just ... do n't culture convert armenia . 
  that did n't end well in real life . 
  no but we got drunk , showed up to work like that and started bragging that the only reason we have n't handed in our 2 weeks is because we have n't bothered to write it yet . 
  does n't scotland have the ability to veto / ignore changes to laws that affect them ? 
  even if the uk parliament removes it , could n't scotland keep that law and make things problematic ? 
  they wo n't have to cover the entire amount though because the eu will also save on all the funding it gives the uk . 
  sure but why apply for a visa in an english speaking country with a potentially shaky economy when you can apply for an american visa instead or just move to germany and never have to worry about the issue ever again ? 
   piece of piss to get in some places and practically impossible in others . 
  while i have no doubts the doctors will be allowed visas easily , the nurses might have a lot of trouble depending on what happens over the next two years . 
  this is yet another uncertainty which at the very least will scare off potential immigrants because germany and france and usa are looking much more attractive right now . 
  no but the uncertainty will last for * at least * 2 and a half years and that 's more than long enough to make potential highly qualified immigrants to look elsewhere . 
  nobody 's saying that the trade will stop just that trade deals wo n't be as good for us as they are now . 
  we pay # 350 million a week , if we save that but trade deals cost us an extra # 200 million a week , subsidising councils , farming and wales is another # 130 million a week , helping the nhs is another # 200 million a week and negotiations to get a form of special status with the eu is # 150 million , we just saved # 350 million a week by spending # 680 million a week and that 's on top of part of our economy disappearing and scotland and maybe ni leaving the uk . 
  of course the usa , canada , germany , france and all the other countries want to trade with us , the issue is how much extra we 're going to pay for them . 
  seriously , london is cool and all but it 's not any more attractive than paris or frankfurt or vienna . 
  not to mention we wo n't lose a single penny from new trade deals and everything the eu subsidises will still be subsidised !, 
  not sure but according to wikipedia they do n't meet the requirements so i assume they just found a way to not work towards them . 
  they 're still obligated to switch over to euro if they ever meet the requirements though . 
  i think he 's a bit too old to abort , sorry !, 
  oh , believe me , we are . 
  my facebook feed has blown up with pissed off 21 year olds . 
  yeah , that 's not that great when you 're british . 
  yep , other than us the only countries that do n't use the euro are ones that do n't meet the requirements but are obligated to switch when they do , denmark who 's currency is pegged to the euro and us who have absolutely no restrictions on our currency . 
  we had an amazing deal with the eu : / . 
  oh come on , everybody knows the english speaking country makes the spanish speaking one pay !, 
  the uk is already 4 internationally recognised countries as it is . 
  as long as you 're not redrawing borders , there wo n't be much to complain about . 
  it 's up to the individual countries i think . 
  if spain wants to keep a bunch of pensioners , they can but they can also send them back to england the moment we leave . 
  i 'm guessing naturalisation is going to be popular but that requires giving up uk citizenship . 
  whatever happens , there 's a lot of paperwork to fill out . 
  i played doom while watching it unfold . 
  it was a rather fitting game . 
  jokes on you , i just bought a bunch of steam games at an even lower price !, 
  just wait until next year , referendums for scotland , northern ireland and gibraltar !, 
  48 % of us already saw it happening and tried not to pull the trigger . 
  it will be depressingly hilarious when the leave voters realise what this vote * actually * means though . 
  yeah , after the last election i may have hated our government but at least it was stable , i knew we were n't going to collapse . 
  now , we have no idea . 
  we could become the next greece or we could become an economic powerhouse but the first is much more likely . 
  grab onto him , maybe we can form a human chain to keep ourselves with the eu !, 
  if that happens it 'll be depressingly hilarious . 
  all the terrorism and violence but all they had to do was wait for us to shoot ourselves in the head . 
  and if they both leave that 's the end of the uk . 
  the united kingdom of england does n't really make much sense . 
  any chance we can borrow a few quid ? 
  you should feel 10 % poorer !, 
  time to move to scotland , wait until yet another referendum occurs and then say fuck you to westminster and get scottish citizenship . 
  dammit bot , this is not the time !, 
  the daily star seems neutral as well , it does n't seem to have a side . 
  if brexit happens , i 'm seriously considering moving to scotland . 
  and thats not in an american `` i 'm moving to canada if the wrong candidate wins '' way , it 's so i can apply for scottish and eu citizenship when they eventually leave the uk . 
  every system sucks , democracy is just the least worst most of the time . 
  to be fair , `` mental illness '' covers depression and anxiety . 
  neither are going to make you shoot a local mp even if they do fuck up your life for a while . 
   unless they 're ~ ~ christian ~ ~ protestant remember there was a lot of irish catholic terrorism a few decades ago . 
  honestly , if that was true , they would n't wait until a week before the referendum to do it . 
  if there 's less than a few percentage in it , he * definitely * tipped the scale . 
  yep , 10 years ago it was conceivable that turkey could join the eu within the last decade but they 've not been trying to fix the things keeping them out . 
  they 're likely never going to join because their current government just does n't care . 
  well it * is * a dungeon , dungeons have prisoners and in this case , permanent sex slaves . 
  i 'm just glad i get internet access down here !, 
  i do n't think there was any official slave trade sanctioned by the uk , slaves had never been legal inside great britain and the eventual banning of slaves in colonies was just an amendment of that law . 
  slaves were even given freedom if they could make it to england . 
  i think the government just pretended not to notice as civilian traders shipped slaves to america . 
  and which part of europe would the uk be ? 
  hah , yeah , a win for us is top half .
