  `` saying that trolls smash your face just for looking at them funny is specist ! '', 
  `` you 're about to do just that ! '', 
  `` yeah , but not * all * of us do . 
  bob over there stomps on your face instead '', 
  just wait until bill gates makes his own country , then it will be called bgp : bill gates percentage . 
  does the map just include fluent ? 
  because i can speak enough german to awkwardly converse but i 'm nowhere near fluent . 
  that 's the trouble of not having anyone to talk to for 4 years : / . 
  is there any language the netherlands does n't speak well ? 
  yeah , although a passport is preferred an eu identity card is valid , at least for the uk and ireland . 
  banana fascist dictatorship also does n't work too well . 
  i 'd assume the success of the ukrainian protests helped things along a bit . 
  i would expect that scotland would be given a couple of exceptions due to the fact that they would be gaining independence rather than simply joining the euro . 
  mainly in the erm-ii part i would expect but perhaps in the inflation part if it is still 2.6 % . 
  although i doubt they 'll end up becoming independant anyway . 
  is n't dublin in irish dyflin ? 
  i 'm not sure whether that 's a good or a bad thing for the uk . 
  now that i did not know . 
  it makes sense though , all a passport is is id . 
   they stick together , drink together , throw up together , and so on . 
  and this is without the language divide was n't this the cause of the anti-irish sentiment in america a few hundred years ago ? 
  iirc , irish were not considered white . 
  it 's mostly just `` vigilantism '' such as the case where some muslims killed a soldier that was wearing a help the heroes shirt . 
  it is the minority but it is nowhere near unheard of . 
  they have little to no chance of getting any of their traditions or culture to be official . 
  as someone planning to move to the netherlands for university ~ ~ next year ~ ~ this year just because they know your language does n't mean you should n't know theirs . 
  if you 're talking to someone over the internet or just visiting there 's no need to know it though , i admit . 
  i would assume the way they would do this is have a school language teacher ( effectively any bilingual person with a pgce ) and send the kids off there for an hour or two a week . 
  do n't mention the war !, 
  i say we stay in just to decrease the french influence . 
  apparently . 
  it 's what his facebook says . 
  lord of the cars : the fellowship of retrieval . 
  they end up throwing the cars into a volcano . 
  tanks from sweden are flat-packed . 
  and anyway , did you sell tanks or armoured bicycles ? 
  do n't worry , i laughed . 
  i know a couple of dutch guys called xander and pimmeh . 
  at one point probably but probably not during the empire . 
  i can drink liquified hell ? 
  where do i buy this stuff ? 
  they 're dead now . 
  empire , not so much . 
  but i can see british influence on the world a lot more than other european countries . 
  canada and australia have the same queen as us , our language is spoken globally and you can still see our influence in places like india and south africa . 
  so while there is n't an actual empire anymore , i could argue that our language is the new `` empire '' . 
  she probably got the ticket from a third party anyway so i really do n't see the train company caring at all . 
  petty sure the company could just laugh at the woman and nothing would happen . 
  they would n't be allowed to do business in the us which probably would n't matter to them and from the sounds of it the austrian government would n't try to get them to pay because they blame the woman . 
  only reason the company would pay if they lost was if they get a lot of money from train ticket sales from the us . 
  that 's what i get for leaving my pc for a while and assuming i remember what we the topic is about . 
  lots of factors would have meant germany would have won , the obvious one being continuing the battle of britain instead of attacking russia . 
  america would have stood no chance against germany and russia with no britain to stage a d-day with . 
  edit : ignore me , i messed up . 
  nothing to see here . 
  move along . 
  i liked this one :  1987 a heavily fireproofed goat was built . 
  it got burnt down a week before christmas . 
  one of the many reasons i 'm planning to move there next year . 
  great , now i want to try some . 
  like mulled wine ? 
  cause i love that . 
  what 's gl\u00f6gg ? 
  but english is a lot more widely spoken in the netherlands so you really do have to define it as being native speakers . 
  on a completely unrelated note , apparently frisian is closer to english than it is to dutch . 
  there 's probably a lot of sources out there . 
  in america especially , irish people were basically considered the same as black people in the 1800s . 
  the government is selling everything so that the royal family can buy it all and turn us back into a monarchy !, 
  what about northern irish ? 
  how different is that to an accent from , say , dublin ? 
  norway is n't in the eu though which is why it is n't put on the map . 
  after playing ck2 way too much i immediately thought they forgot to put the byzantine empire on the map : / . 
  greenland in denmark could have passed , historically speaking . 
  they even put the netherlands on norway / sweden . 
  the countries that are geographically the least like it . 
  we airlift australia to the coast of norway . 
  problem solved . 
  the do have the same queen as us . 
  i say we drag australia ( and canada for that matter ) into the eu kicking and screaming . 
  how do students fit into this ? 
  as a brit planning on going to uni in the netherlands next year , i 'm learning dutch but i probably wo n't be anywhere near fluent by the time i move . 
  as a brit hoping to move to the netherlands in 2014 for university , this makes me happy to hear . 
  irish , italian , the only difference is how many arm movements are involved in being unintelligible . 
  because after a few pints you 're convinced you 're in some aftershave . 
  do you mean precedent ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure russia already has a bad president . 
  i think being french is reason enough . 
  probably . 
  the uk is way better at things like cycling and rowing / sailing than athletics but because there 's more athletics medals to win , we have more of those . 
  and boy do you guys like bread . 
  i wonder , is there such a thing as peanut butter hagelslag ? 
  well all they do is stand there all day , it was only a matter of time before one of them snapped . 
  yeah , they make a good amount but # 100k is n't exactly top end . 
  i lived in the netherlands until i was 4 years old or so and i do n't remember this show at all . 
  `` hey , i 'm a convicted criminal but i did n't do it , i swearsies . 
  send me money ! '', 
  hopefully the pizza is n't frozen when you eat it . 
  is that to connect to australia that moved off the coast of the uk during eurovision ? 
  personally i feel that scotland is much better in the uk . 
  however , i also feel that scotland ( along with wales and northern ireland ) need a lot more power .
