  actually , i feel our entire political system could use a major shakeup , there 's so much wrong with it . 
  kind of ironic that poland is complaining about immigrants . 
  we do n't want to be the best . 
  we just want to be better than france . 
  dude , you did not just compare france to batman !, 
   i may have a negative opinion of the current british government so do 80 % of brits . 
  same . 
  fucking brits with their rowdiness and their drinking . 
  i hate it . 
  in other news , i just booked a holiday to greece . 
  it happened in 1066 , it 'll happen again in 2066 !, 
  yeah kivik does n't seem to be sold in the uk at least :( . 
  yeah , as i said you really have to find the smaller , local brands for the good cider rather than the popular , cheap stuff mass produced in factories . 
  i 'm not the best person to ask because honestly , i just drink the cheap and tasty flavoured stuff mostly . 
  but if you want proper cider , i 've heard magners is pretty decent commercial irish stuff and i 've heard good things about thatchers . 
  if you want flavoured stuff rekorderlig is nice and cheap but not exactly good quality . 
  although really , it 's like talking about what wines to buy , the cheap factory made and bottled stuff will never be as good as the fresh stuff made from the local vineyard / orchard . 
  it 's the type of drink that does n't have anything wrong with it but does n't have anything right about it either . 
  strongbow is like the < insert your country 's really cheap and gross beer here  of ciders . 
  it 's alright but there 's so many better ones out there . 
  it 's probably going to expensive to ship to romania but check out some proper somerset or irish ciders . 
  the british isles has a knack for apple based drinks that you just ca n't beat . 
  although sweden 's rekorderlig is pretty decent as well . 
  scotland is bestland !, 
  there 's more than that in the uk alone : / . 
  your jews are a bit overdone though . 
   politically right now , true but that can change . 
   geographically geographically speaking , there are 10 million people living in the european part of turkey . 
  not to mention that historically there was n't really any difference between the balkans and asia minor / anatolia , alexander the great conquered it indiscriminately , the ancient greeks had settlements there , the roman empire and byzantine empires owned greece and asia minor along with many other places . 
  the only reason it 's considered asia today is cultural differences between byzantium and the ottomans and the fact that an arbitrary line had to be drawn somewhere . 
   culturally there 's less difference between the greeks and the turks than there are between the spanish and the polish yet 3 of the 4 are part of the eu . 
  i really hope they do because to join the eu they 'll first have to clean up their act . 
  japan is the one that colonised mars while everyone else was arguing over which side they should be on . 
  wow , london is nearly as big as the rest of them put together ( ok , as big as 3 of the other 4 ) . 
  i knew it was big but i figured paris would be just as populous . 
  it 's a bit different , the palace of culture and science was built in 1955 . 
  st pauls was built in 1673 . 
  your 's is n't exactly an old building . 
  yeah , everyone knows brussels is the capital of france !, 
  i never said it was right !, 
  read my fucking comments . 
  i said it 's not * physical abuse * . 
  but i 'm not using that argument . 
  all i 'm saying is that physical abuse and corporal punishment are on completely opposite ends of the scales . 
  by your logic grabbing a child 's hand to drag them to the car when they 're making a scene is abusive . 
  so you actually believe that spanking a naughty child is just as bad as as drunken parent beating a child for no reason ? 
  it 's just as bad as hospitalising them or leaving welts and scars where they 've been hit with a belt buckle ? 
  there 's a big difference between beating a child and sending them to bed with a sore bum . 
  there 's no permanent damage and the child knows what they did to deserve it and can avoid it by not breaking grandma 's antique vase next time . 
  whereas beating is a lot more violent . 
  it can lead to permanent damage and visible marks and the child did n't do anything to deserve it . 
  i 'm not saying spanking is right necessarily just that it 's on an entirely different level to beating and abusing children . 
  kisses ? 
  ca n't we just nod and avoid eye contact ? 
  yeah he 's not actually violent , he just honestly believes that 's how you kiss someone and nobody has the heart to tell him otherwise . 
  i feel sorry for his girlfriend . 
  germany is a mess whereas switzerland is one big block . _ . 
  and yet they do n't put a link to it in the description . 
  sorry but i 'm not going to trawl through 4od searching for a clip that i do n't know the episode number or time it occurs when i could just activate a vpn instead . 
  8 points go to ... russia !, 
  10 points go to ... russia !, 
  and the final 12 points go to ... russia !, 
  and in a surprise turn of events , russia is the winner of the first ever russovision !, 
  well apparently we have the largest boobs . 
  it 's a trade off . 
  why is an american watching eurovision ? 
  how about `` kill the jews cause they are n't christian '' ? 
  religious enough ? 
  not all of us want to leave . 
  personally , i think the eu is a great idea . 
  while i do n't support a full on federal use style thing , the benefits of a united europe far outway the cons . 
  our votes were n't 100 % secret . 
  when you go to vote they mark your name off and give you a ballot with a unique number ( the number is written down next to your name ) . 
  they can find your ballot by finding your name on the list then searching through the votes until they find the one with the correct id . 
  the list ( and presumably ballots ) are kept for a few years before being destroyed . 
  i think the idea is that they can remove votes in the case of fraud ( eg , someone tries to vote and finds out they 've already been marked off ) . 
  well i never downvoted you but whatever . 
   ther 's no reason for the people to think that they 've been defeated , or feel defeated exactly , they did n't have their country split into multiple new countries only to have even more of the country taken away when they tried to reclaim it . 
  russia does n't consider being forced to lose control over eastern europe as a defeat even though it was ( defeats do n't have to be via wars you know ) . 
   where ?? 
  support for the ussr has been growing ever since it was dismantled . 
  there was always pro-ussr citizens but support is mostly in the younger generation . 
  every country has nationalistic fringe supporters like the uk 's edl . 
  ussr supporters have the wrong idea about what it will be like to have it back , yes , but they still want it back . 
   what what what whaaaaaaaaaaaaat !?!?!??!, 
  germany had half of it 's land given away after wwi and half of what was remaining after wwii . 
  it was broken and defeated and all nationalism was beaten out of it . 
  russia ended the war with more territories and a pro-russian communist government in poland . 
  it lost the other countries in the ussr but only due to massive pressure from the west . 
  it was never destroyed , only forced to give up it 's vassal states . 
   are you seriously stating this as an argument ?!?!? 
  yes , medieval history has nothing to do with this , every single government in europe is vastly different to pre-1700 or so . 
  the uk gives a lot more power to parliament , france had a revolution or 10 , germany actually exists etc. 
  and yes , germany * did * start the war off by uniting the german people . 
  they started by invading austria ( well it was more of a mutual decision i think ) and then reclaimed their land in poland which they owned pre-1918 . 
   look , the iraq war , was an invasion . 
  there was preparation , a ( fabricated ) casus belli , and lot 's of troops . 
  ok , i fail to see the relevancy of this . 
  iraq may have been a fabricated casus belli but russia has a perfectly valid one in reclaiming the land the ussr owned . 
  nato may not like it and it would start a massive war but russia would definitely consider it to be valid .
