   the us does not invade other countries without a declaration of war with the full intention of annexing parts of their territory ever heard of manifest destiny ? 
  :p although i do agree with everything you said . 
  putin be crayzay . 
  i 'm glad they did n't use an 8 , that would implode the universe instantly . 
  well we had a couple of days . 
  must be a record . 
  it 's not exactly apathy , more like there 's no direct , obvious benefit . 
  it 's all mostly behind the scenes . 
  so people do n't really think about it much . 
  i expect all of them would require a passport but using the euro would depend on the country . 
  it was a lot more impressive when i thought it was the larger one . 
  still , very cool either way . 
  who needs austria ? 
  why not split that up between germany and hungary ? 
  the answer is the same . 
  who ? 
  i do n't even think he 's gay . 
  but i 've heard so many conflicting opinions i do n't know what 's right and what 's wrong now . 
  even america did it . 
  the whole `` manifest destiny '' thing was just a massive annexation of north american land . 
  hey , you 're not scottish !, 
  i mean , you may have a scottish job but that does n't count :p . 
  so if anyone asks , he 's our leader , ok ? '', 
  i 'd hate to be working in a russian a&e then :p, 
  i was really rooting for the netherlands . 
  austria seems to have won due to novelty imo . 
  ( s ) he ( i do n't ever know what pronoun to use ... ) was a few songs ago . 
  i think the point is that he wants a moustache . 
  no , i do n't get out either . 
  as far as i 'm aware i 'm `` 100 % '' british ( as in , i ca n't find anyone in my family tree that was n't but chances are i 'm part viking or something ) . 
  i still hate the bnp . 
  us states have a lot of autonomy . 
  i assume any use would have greater autonomy than the average us state . 
  the healthcare part would n't be too hard to do technically . 
  make each country pay $ x per citizen , make all national health services answer to the eu government rather than the national government , distribute the money where it 's needed . 
  it would n't require removal of the local health services , just restructuring . 
  the hard part would be convincing each country to do it . 
  there would need to be some kind of incentive and i doubt there would be one good enough to convince governments to turn over complete control of their health care . 
  i got spain . 
  looks like i need to start a retirement fund . 
  well he has an eu flair so that 's what i 'm going with . 
  but yeah , i would n't be surprised if he was russian . 
  so we have an american defending the french and acknowledging their part in the american war of independence and a european claiming the opposite ... 
  i think the apocalypse may be upon us . 
  but 5000 old tanks can beat 500 new tanks . 
  they 'll lose most of them but there 's still 10 times as many of them . 
  and it 's not like russia does n't have a history with `` swarm '' style warfare . 
  remember , russia technically won the battle of stalingrad . 
  also , i thought eindhoven would be on there considering that 's where philips is . 
  the uk is divided into entire countries . 
  to be fair , in the grand scheme of things , germany has changed their borders so much . 
  at one point they were a lot of independent countries , then they were a big country , then they were small , then they were bigger , then they were cut in half and finally they were small again . 
  although i do n't think this would really affect the results : / . 
  i count 6 , 4 of which are in one of the others . 
  everything is built on the work of others , that 's what allows our civilisation to progress . 
  but berners-lee was the one that put it all together to make the world wide web . 
  the web was created by a briton working for a swiss / french company ( cern ) . 
  no america involved in that . 
  hush , the grown ups are talking . 
  go eat your potatoes . 
  but would you want your friends to risk their lives just to get your corpse back to land ? 
  under normal circumstances , sure , bring back the body . 
  but this sounds like it was likely to kill more divers and they were lucky it did n't . 
  run an eu4 observer game and you 'll have a more accurate map than it looks like it 'll be by the end of the year . 
  but , polls do n't mean anything in the actual referendum . 
  so whilst it looks like scotland will stay in the uk , it 's far from definite . 
  well , / r/netherlands is an english / dutch language subreddit . 
  so it 's not completely required to speak both to be a moderator . 
  however , there really should be at least one person who does . 
  the url prefix is usually ww1.stuff.com rather than www.ww1-stuff.com . 
  so this probably is from ww1 but has a different context . 
  tartar sauce is so good with fish . 
  tatar sauce , however ... 
  so does england , to an extent . 
  although that ended 1000 years ago or so . 
  dota 2 has taught me that all russian is composed of the word cyka . 
  the bbc is funded by the government but is otherwise an independent body . 
  they are , in fact , required by law to be unbiased to everything including the government . 
  especially the government in fact . 
  as much as i hate to admit it , you 're right . 
  i do n't like the us foreign policy at the best of times but they do a good job at protecting countries even if they do arrive a bit late * coughbothworldwarscough * . 
  so i can deal with the stationed us troops . 
  well tibet is the obvious one , japan as well if only for revenge for ww2 . 
  however , they could always go south and get indonesia / vietnam if they want to . 
  there probably would n't be much resistance from them . 
  there 's also korea ( south specifically ) . 
  in the case of a third world war , south korea and japan would probably ally with america and an attack from nk and china could easily take out sk and at the very least worry japan . 
  and i would n't be surprised if china then backstabbed nk to annex all of korea and blob out over asia . 
  at least , that 's what i would do . 
  i think i may have been playing a bit too much victoria 2 recently . 
  simple , we attack in winter , they 'll never expect that !, 
  not familiar with the kaliningrad oblast , any chance of an eli5 on it ? 
  why lithuania 's russian population so much lower than the others ? 
  actually , that 's a good point . 
  china got really fucked over in ww2 and never really recovered until recently . 
  if a new cold / world war started , china would be in a position of power both militarily and economically and could annex eastern russia if they wanted to . 
  the only problem is they are allied with russia right now so would probably use it as an excuse to eat up nearby asian nations . 
  but rounding 0.749999999999 ... to 0.75 is generally accepted . 
  so whilst it 's confusing and still bad , it may technically be mathematically correct . 
  i can imagine an american using this defense to give a chimp a gun .
