welcome to europe . 
  oh you northerners . 
  poland broland, 
  alle wegen leiden naar nederland thanks for the link though . 
  will definitely use it one day ... maybe next summer !, 
  i 'm also genuinely very surprised . 
  how can they have the techniques to create a flashy animation like that , and still care so little about the world to get the borders and names right , when they are a fucking news channel ?!, 
  this crazy . 
  thanks , found it !, 
  alright , i 've never seen it , i 'll try watching the german dub right away . 
  edit : how to find dubs ? 
  fear and loathing - which one ? 
  the 2014 one ? 
  flair up , brother . 
  thanks for this link . 
  it really surprises me how well eastern european countries are doing . 
  personally i 've met quite a few polish people who always spoke english very well . 
  maybe it 's the education ? 
  also surprised to see malaysia so high up the list . 
  35 % said no in the netherlands ? 
  i am disappoint . 
  in another thread i saw a graphic showing there were over 200 teams to begin with of which 32 actually qualified to play in brazil . 
  of these teams most of them were either south american or european . 
  i think the results here in the netherlands would be similar . 
  i 'm talking about small villages mostly dependent on farming . 
  the actual countryside . 
  ca n't compare that to the city you live in . 
  i can assure you in smaller villages in limburg it 's exactly the same story . 
  haha true, 
  none of my grandparents ever spoke english , they all lived in a rural area in the north where learning or speaking english is not a priority . 
  now my only surviving grandmother has had some english courses but she 's too old to ever put it to use . 
  also my parents learned english at a later age . 
  i can imagine that there are a lot of people with a similar background , not in the larger cities who were n't really pressured into learning english . 
  but nowadays i hope of the highschool graduates a decent 95 % can hold a conversation in english . 
  alright , they pulled it ... sooo . . where 's the mirror ? 
  that 's what i was thinking , but look at hungary , bulgaria , fyrom and greece . 
  except for belarus , because fuck belarus , right ? 
  i see you googled `` netherlands man '' instead of `` dutch man '' . 
  in which case you would have this picture http://imgur.com/tcb27we you know , cause if you were consistent , you should have used this one for turkey : http://imgur.com/hzswx70, 
  beauty is highly subjective . 
  i myself prefer a powerful , tall dutch demigod over a meek , meager , melanin-lacking norrfag any day of the week . 
  come at me bro . 
  do n't forget to bring a stool to stand on . 
  it 's on, 
  i am dutch . 
  oh and did i tell you i am very tall as well ? 
  or the classic german `` this video is not available in your country '', 
  i know , it was a joke . 
  let 's blame the russians . 
  prime minister would be the correct term , i would n't have voted for him , but yes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pim_fortuyn/ it 's uncertain whether he would have gotten the majority of votes anyway . 
  he had quite a harsh stance on immigration but eventually was killed by a crazy white guy . 
  any sources on that ? 
  i highly doubt it , considering gay marriage was legalized in the netherlands in 2001 and we very nearly had a gay president in 2002 ( until he got murdered but let 's not open that can of worms ) . 
  i ca n't imagine such sudden acceptance happening just over the course of a few years . 
  i do not expect a united states of europe to work anytime soon . 
  it does n't have to . 
  our countries are culturally too different and there 's always the language barriers . 
  now what i do see is that over the past so many years europe has made a lot of progress in making cooperation go as fluently as possible . 
  an example of this in my own country , the port of rotterdam is extensively used for transport of products from the ruhr area in germany and the near fluent cooperation between the two areas makes it an economic powerhouse . 
  there are also plenty of examples where two countries can not cooperate so perfectly . 
  what i expect in the future is that with the language barriers disappearing ( everyone is learning english ) and international communication increasing , perhaps one day in the far future a united states of europe would be possible . 
  probably not in my lifetime though . 
  where would we be without you ? 
  in the netherlands we have to vote twice , once for the government and once for provincial elections . 
  i would just feel cheated if i would have voted on ukip or the green party ... only one seat for such a large amount of voters , it just does n't feel right . 
  the parliament will now not accurately represent the people 's voice . 
  what system does italy have ? 
  i do n't understand why the uk still uses the district system ... why would district majorities be more important than absolute numbers of people ? 
  dat is je geraden !, 
  killing all our jews is one thing , but our bicycles ? ... 
  they truly were ruthless . 
  belgium always complaining about sovereignty and independence , get your shit together !, 
  but can you look down ?!, 
  i heard back in ww2 , in order to find out whether someone was a german spy , they made them say `` scheveningen '' , because it 's so difficult to pronounce for anyone who is n't dutch . 
  stik in je speeksel, 
  total disaster . 
  create a tax haven to draw in large international companies ( $ $ $ ) , while raising sanctions on other eu countries if they try to do the same . 
  finally , create some silly meme videos to distract the masses . 
  brilliant strategy !, 
  if anything , i 'd expect sweden to make a `` sweden first '' video . 
  this one was actually hilarious . 
  i love the denmark roast . 
  maybe you 're talking about those cows that have a scandinavian accent . 
  i see . 
  my bad . 
  looks like there 's a reason after all . 
  i better keep my mouth shut as i 'm not that much of a vexillologist, 
  except op just changed the aspect ratio for no apparent reason . 
  germans are everywhere in the east of the country too . 
  and every now and then you can find a lost belgian . 
  reeeeeeeeeee, 
  i wonder if search results are localized because this is what shows up for me http://i.imgur.com/umxlclz.png, 
  wow now i completely understand, 
  it 's so interesting how everyone voted something completely different . 
  my personal favorites were france and the uk 's entry , but they barely even reached the top 10 . 
  finally some weird portuguese hipster wins the competition and then it struck me i 'm not even close to being the average target audience . 
  bless him though , but his `` sidekick '' was much more charming in my opinion . 
   in fact , paris is the 3 most michelin starred city in the world [ behind tokyo and another japanese city that i do n't remember ] . 
  paris 4 . 
  osaka 5 .
