do you in all honesty belive that brexit will make your every day life better ? 
  most studies says otherwise and im not even a big anti brexit circle jerker i just think its funny that you see it as a victory agianst the `` globalists '' . 
  but that does n't tell me we live in the rape capital of europe ! 11 !!! 1 !, 
  the large number of people living in poverty outside of the normal society is n't a problem in your eyes ? 
  you might not like them but there is a problem right there . 
  also how is it even relevant how fast our economies are growing ? 
  i responded to a guy claiming that we are not very happy with the gypsies from your country flooding ours . 
  yes and that is awesome but your authorites are struggling to find a solution even with outside funding . 
  same can be said here also really, 
  yupp and we send money to romania to help them sort their problems out but it clearly does n't do shit . 
  nothing will stop my trip to germany in august . 
  i 'm gon na drink kraut beer and listen to terrible techno if i so die trying . 
  same goes for rape in sweden , murder is one of the few things that you can compare with some accuracy . 
  are you trying to say that filthy capitalist pig should go to best korea ? 
  meta clickbait title , not sure what to feel about this, 
  the trend is going down but that does n't mean that 2015 and 2016 ca n't be worse than the others . 
  so it 's important to keep in mind that it 's getting better but that does not mean it could be even better or that the trend is reversing . 
  tbh we have seen enough of articles like this no matter what side you are on . 
  its more interesting to see what happens in the long term and what path uk is going to take . 
  i wo n't push this further and fyi i 'm not a sd supporter but i do share lots of the same views on immigration as they do . 
  i will keep my options open until 2018 swings around . 
  wo n't go in to that rabbit hole now but yes some of their members are real shady and others not . 
  yes i did n't phrase that perfectly . 
  no she actually said that but you are free to argue if it was an honest mistake or not . 
  as in both m and s alsing with kd and fp are now striking down hard on immigration and sd is left confused since they have lost their monopoly, 
  not sure what you want me to respond then . 
  yes its very likely that social benefits will get cut and entry salaries will get lowerd to cope with it . 
  things might get worse but there wo n't be any doomsday and there are ways to fix it and some people will be hit hard from it . 
  but saying that our nation all of a sudden will not be a nice to live sounds like bullshit to me . 
  i 'm not in denial i just belive will can fix this . 
  i will never give up and think we are fucked beyond belief what is even the point with that ? 
  have some backbone and work for it . 
  also crime is still going down no matter what media might suggest . 
  that is true i live here so i 'm famillar with that . 
  still what is your point ? 
  and if you had any real insight on it things are moving fast and everyone is scrambling to the side that once was called racist . 
  so no i do n't fear for my nation in the longterm sure we have given us self a bad seat atm but we can fix that . 
  in the party she was in she was more or less the norm . 
  but if you compare with the more serious parties she is a huge outlier . 
  and on a sidenote the green party that she was in are currently polling below 4 % and that means they would not get in the parliament if an election would take place today . 
  only eu quota refugees are able to get permanent residency status since we changed our policy . 
  so if you are going to make huge predictions on a nations future please do alteast sit on some facts and not just guess randomly after whatever agenda suits you . 
  their forecasts have actually been pretty on point the last few years . 
  edit : turns out i got that all wrong and there is a good chance it will be higher than that , still worth noting is that only eu quota refugees will be granted a permanent status . 
  if you are trying to judge what my personal opinions are based on what my goverments actions are then i do n't know what to tell you really . 
  good we have taken more than a fair share already, 
  you do realise that national socalism isnt the same as socalism + nationalism right ? 
  nazism has lots of racial ideologis that sd simpely does n't have . 
  you have a point but you should have elobarted it and said that all major parties have now switched stance on the immigration issue . 
  13 % of the votes mate . 
  you ca n't really take in account what polls show when its not an election . 
  the fact that both are acts of violence against innocent people . 
  and you mention two events but in reality there has been a lot more . 
  here we go again its sad that you slowly starts to get used to it . 
  there is a bit of gun smuggling from the balcans especially serbia to north europe amongst criminals . 
  but calling it a situation was a mistake it 's a problem but nothing that should hold you back from joining once the time is right . 
  are you implying that we would let them join with the gun situation as it is right now ? 
  to be fair we could control the guns better if they were in the eu but on the other hand adding more counties as of now may not be wise . 
  i did not even know this was a thing , need to read up on this what an awesome device . 
  have some fun we could all use it in the light of what is happening around us . 
  yeah twitter is n't worth much but it 's slightly better than making up a correlation with zero proof . 
  or in this case retards with guns i mean this is even below the level of what most neo nazis would do . 
  and to be clear i 'm not trying to defend nazsis in any way . 
  i also feel the same frustration as you and part of me just want the entire eu to remove isis from the face of the earth . 
  but as the last 20 years have shown us it does n't really work that way , it 's not a war against a enemy nation but rather an ideology . 
  so we need to do it in a smart way and make sure we get the right people and not make the crack between the west and the middle east even larger . 
  and how do you know it 's a muslim ? 
  no i was there last year it 's hard to not have a good time in serbia . 
  you are right we are seeing the start of what is to come but the thing is after allt that there is no way of knowing if brexit will make the uk the new switzerland or greece . 
  so what i 'm trying to say is that lots of people are seeing news like this as the story of the end and others proclaim that this will be over in a year and after that the uk will be stronger than ever while the truth is somewhere inbetween . 
  yeah the title is a bit misleading , it 's first after the trade deals are finished that we can start to see the real end results whatever they may be . 
  feels like people want the uk to fail and are looking for proof of it under every stone . 
  personally i would have liked to see the uk stay in but since that is not going to happen i just hope that we will stay as close partners in the future . 
  so do i but i doubt they will have a lasting influence . 
  they are losing influence everyday if you look at polls . 
  the more mainstream parties have taken a hard stance on imigration and since sd no longer have the monopoly they are losing voters . 
  still 2018 is a long way to go, 
  in some way yes but that is a pattern you see in most countries look at how the uk voted by region for example . 
  in what way ? 
  no it 's not at all , what i 'm saying is that if you do n't know sweden and just take a glance at the map you might get the feeling that we were super eurosceptic consedring how much of the land area is red . 
  if you look at the blue areas in sweden they make up for a large part of our population covering areas like stockholm , gothenburg and malm\u00f6 so its a bit missleading just looking at the colors . 
  well it would not solve the problem but it would make it easier to solve i belive atleast , we have already decreased it but more work could be done on that . 
  i hope that we can fix it and then i belive we can take in more people again but as of right now i think we could use a break to sort things out . 
  yes i ca n't deny what the studies says and i agree but i still think more work can be done in new ways to get the situation under more controll . 
  first step if you ask me is to halt imigration and figure out what to do and if we do we can take in more people again . 
  i know they get more tax money and it is n't working but i have hard time beliving that we create a better situation by not having them working . 
  also mind linking that study ? 
  well that is just flat out retarded . 
  areas with a large imigrant population where unemployment and poverty is way more widespread than the rest of the country beacuse of our labour market being very hard to enter . 
  and that leads to crime and frustration , this has been a problem for a longer time but taking in even more people and not solving the core problem sure has n't helped . 
  meh so tired of the alt right and their ridiculous stories about us and now the us president has joined in so people are going to start to belive it even more when a man with such powers says it 's true . 
  i 'm the first to admit we have some problems but its nothing we ca n't sort out and it 's nothing like what breitbart and others make it out to be . 
  just leave us the fuck alone and put the us first i really could not give a shit just shut up about shit you do n't understand . 
  build that fucking wall and never cross it . 
  also how the fuck can his excuse for this be i saw it on fox news how is this man elected . 
  yeah this everyone usualy goes muslim open borders !!! 111 !!!, 
  when they read this but the root of the problem is balcan gangs that have been here since the early 90 : s . now our current imigration policy has caused problems but this is not one of them . 
  i think old would be be a better fit than ancient for this one . 
  they want it to be true so their narrative checks out . 
  our immigration policy has been flawed in many ways and integration is really bad but it is not a nightmare or the end of our society .
