  ` hey ', 
  ` where 'd you put that finger ?! ', 
  ` im outta here ! ', 
  it 's all fun and games untill someone fires the bazooka, 
  we dutch have such a joke about the belgians :, 
  ' a helicopter crashed somewhere in a belgian cemetery . 
  the rescue brigade has already found 143 bodies ', 
  it makes me happy that people like us can reproduce together, 
  did you forgot about little sammy ? 
  she has been the greatest gift in my life and now you just forget about her !, 
  you forget about us !, 
  about what we have done !, 
  edit : on a second thought ... you were drugged the whole time ... 
  but i wan na play !, 
  yay !, 
  eating glue is fun !, 
  no , it 's struck . 
  not strucken , not striken , it 's struck . 
  jeezz, 
  sleep-reddit-sleep-reddit-sleep-reddit ... 
  i dont have any family !, 
  i think it could be very likely too , but when i see ancient aliens ... facepalm, 
  ohhh brave, 
  link to video ? 
  but i am , so gim me some gold, 
  my great-great ... something grandfather was a frisian who went to russia in napoleons grand arme\u00e9 . 
  he was one of the 12 who survived in his group of 1000 men . 
  you too !, 
  i think im being raped by ghosts like every two days !, 
  very mature usernames , guys, 
  can confirm : this cat is muthafucking - monkeyshitball-hitlerdidnothingwrong-awesome !, 
  i want you to help me relocate to the west by giving me money . 
  i see you have enough money for a bath so i think you can help me with money . 
  yup , thats why that is my rape-condom, 
  cargo shorts hate rickfinkel, 
  ill throw in some gold that oral-vaginal-anal would probably do it . 
  i mean wouldnt that by cool to have a name like that, 
  alpha as fuck, 
  yeah , isnt it nice to live in the netherlands !, 
  democracy , no goverment spying on me , weed , gay marriage , etc. 
  weed is quite legal here, 
  yes sherlock , even your dick, 
  yes . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  queen lizie will still be on the trone in 2083 . 
  she will never die . 
  never . 
  why does reddit repeat itself every so often ? 
  mark rutte, 
  ah men , just give me gold and thing will be alright, 
  damnnn ... yo know how to play the d ? 
  woww, 
  i like you, 
  pssst ... guys ... its eginol !, 
  sure eginol !, 
  we all know that you have a lot on your mind !, 
  eeeeek !, 
  yeah !, 
  we do n't want to start a feyed !, 
  im dutch and i totally think you have a point , but please dont make this circlejerk happen again . 
  we all won , not just russia or america, 
  but , first off all , if hitler didnt attack , stalin would have attacked at some point . 
  and second , ussr and nazi-germany in an alliance wouldnt really work ... 
  the fascists being , you know , anti-communist and the communists being anti-fascist . 
  godverdomme, 
  i was a small kid ( around 5 years old ) and flew for the first time in an airplane . 
  i saw a documentary about air crashes and there was one airplane where the wings broke off . 
  fast forward in the airplane and im sitting next to the windows with the wings next to me and i saw them bending ( because of turbulence ) and the plane started shaking . 
  i thought that the wings would brake off and the plane would crash and i would die . 
  i cried a lot on that flight, 
  thats fucking not right about us dutch , goddamnit !, 
  im gon na tell on you !, 
  do n't ... do n't do that, 
  i love it, 
  but he said his university in sweden ... 
  you = america, 
  well ... 
  i would have never heard of the jolly rancher story , or the nacho story , or the cumbox , so that would be a plus, 
  nope, 
  ohhh you mean the blue avatar ... 
  i thought the other one . 
  it made me wonder , why did they never make a movie of avatar the legend of aang ? 
  it could be really good !, 
  context ? 
  that cat is baked !, 
  have some ! ^ downvotes, 
  i think the wtf here is the muslim walking on the background, 
  i dont think he 's gon na give more gold, 
  netherlands ? 
  but ... 
  only to find out they dont eat food anymore because they 're awesome future people, 
  no , please is ` alsjeblieft ' in dutch, 
  so you give gold now, 
  just for some simple effort ? 
  gim me gold nigga, 
  as the almighty hypnotoad said : give everyone gold , including sferwerda, 
  ausome, 
  am i too late ? 
  how do you get those clothes ? 
  what 's that backgroundcolour ?
