  werent there like 35 million people killed in ww2 in europe alone . 
  i mean most of them were indigenous population, 
  a cheat in that game must be to spawn liberty prime, 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  ` murica !, 
  what is this `` slavery '' you talk about ? 
  and is cold ... 
  yeah sure , you can have my boerewors , if you know what i mean ... 
  hmm ... yes what is that subreddit about ? 
  that is n't a country ... 
  i dont dare to look at them ... is someone brave enough to tell me what happens in those videos ? 
  hey ... may i have some gold too ? 
  it 's belgium , what did you think ? 
  haha !, 
  i 'm believing harder than you , i 'll get gold !, 
  man , i agree with you . 
  a lot if people here forgot what this subreddit really is about, 
  there are two explenations . 
  the english thought we spoke deutch ( german ) and they made dutch of it . 
  a long time ago we dutch said we spoke diets . 
  the english made dutch from diets, 
  and they refer the people speaking a certain language to their language . 
  dutchies . 
  this is my new wallpaper, 
  dont forget new netherland, 
  how the fuck does someone get 130.000 + comment karma ? 
  what ? 
  reddit is america , right ? 
  how do countryballs even do it ... you know ... 
  forget about it i dont want to know how . 
  as someone who just bought the game and just met a clicker : oh god, 
  welsh colony ? 
  sparta , so when they call me i can say while pointing at myself `` this is sparta ! '', 
  people please , no one will get gold here, 
  edit : holy fuck, 
  maybe not as bayonet ... 
  but you never know, 
  edit : oh fuck , its my cakeday, 
  yeahh this one is better, 
  yes, 
  no way , we dont want a second boston bombing investigation, 
  someting something liberty prime, 
  god damn maniac, 
  yeah , i know , they should just join the netherlands . 
  it would be good for them to join the masterrace !, 
  no time to explain , give me gold !, 
  i have a feeling that a joint would fit in his mouth perfectly like that, 
  what a dick move, 
  wake up !, 
  she gave you ammo ? 
  i cant remember that happening to me, 
  i dont get it, 
  its a teleporter device . 
  somewhere our great leader blows in a teleporter and the teleporter at your home gives a cool breeze of our dear leader . 
  gon na miss you , thuarr !, 
  hey , thereasonablecamel , i know you !, 
  you 're famous for me !, 
  haha yeah . 
  im gon na stalk you now, 
  ok ill be reasonable just as you are and i wont stalk you . 
  jeez . 
  wow , just wow, 
  i like you . 
  am i doing it right ? 
  joel finally thaught ellie how to play guitar !, 
  what tlou sketch ? 
  what 's a germay ? 
  no no no , pooland not polaand . 
  we aint no retards, 
  oh i thought it was made in the university of maastricht in the netherlands, 
  hey there , handsome, 
  context : loosely based on [ the battle for the hague ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_for_the_hague ), 
  every time is see dayum i pronounce it in my head as 'd \u00e1joum ' . 
  after that i think really long what you mean with 'd \u00e1joum ' and when i realise what you mean i feel really stupid, 
  okay , i understand and i will work on it or on something else, 
  edit : but i didnt use a line tool ... 
  light, 
  that kid is damn right if he 's scared , those things are scary as hell !, 
  im dutch and every time i see armadillo i read it as armedildo . 
  arme dildo is dutch for poor dildo . 
  it makes things ... weird, 
  its wikipedia , so its propably right, 
  clutching your mothers leg ? 
  have n't we all ? 
  i get it !, 
  penis !, 
  this is what im afraid of if i give my dog to friend for a week or so when i go on vacation . 
  so i have a simple solution , never go on vacation !, 
  mmmhmmm , you like this ? 
  your mom clutches your penis ? 
  sorry for your broken arms , mate, 
  im a boy and around your age and i find you very atractive , 
  so please do n't worry !, 
  edit : if you want to talk to someone you can pm me, 
  except if you have to go in reverse ... 
  things could get messy, 
  op ... you know ... 
  the thing you suck on a regulary basis ... 
  hello i am a nigerian prince and i see you know how to move money on your computer . 
  please move some money to me and you will be rewarded .
