in sovjet russia you know romney, 
  oh nein you didnt, 
  no , i just think he 's a retard, 
  in sovjet russia , you go to 4chan instead of reddit, 
  in sovjet russia , you go to 4chan instead of reddit, 
  your username is ... 
  relevant, 
  i dont know what a neighbor is , but i do know what a neighbour is . 
  im dutch not english, 
  nope , im dutch and i never heard of it and i dont think its here in holland , and in europa , and anywhere else but america, 
  it clames to be, 
  ftfy, 
  ahh thats how we dutch made alot of money, 
  how i felt , damn autocorrect, 
  it fucks up the sea, 
  let me sing the song of my people, 
  i hope this is a joke, 
  it 's the begining of the zombie apocalypse, 
  the place is called the ginger man , so i think it 's a ginger trying to steal your soul, 
  here in holland the poop first fall on a higher part with ( almost ) no water , so it never splashes . 
  yeah and holland makes the lights or something like that, 
  here in holland we learn english from the age of 9/10 , but you english do n't learn anything , i am 14 and i learn dutch ( duh ) , english , german , french , ancient greek and latin , what do you learn huh !, 
  ( i am talking to americans and english people ), 
  you know , here in holland a coffeeshop is a place where you can buy weed and spacecake , it 's great living in holland . 
  i watched that wayyyyy to long, 
  ' '' my name is n't dora anymore , it is derrick , motherfucker '', 
  uhmmm , i see a pole in the middle of the parking lot , i think thats how he did it !, 
  my friend was really depressed , but he liked to dress like a woman , so he dressed like a woman al the time . 
  this one time we went to a party and he was drunk and we made this picture . 
  just kidding internet awesomeness, 
  i upvote you for your braveness , the last time i said something bad about america i got downvote to hell, 
  i can help you with the midget hooker problem ... ... 
  dat kids face, 
  it says : youth fashion, 
  for the eveyone who 's lazy , [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crouzon_syndrome ) is the wikepedia page of crouzon syndrome, 
  downblivioned at 8 downvotes ? 
  you do n't know what happened to me ... ... 
  edit : oke , im sorry it is 35 downvotes now, 
  is there anybody who is able to put her face on everybodys face ? 
  my photoshop skills are n't high ... 
  ahhhhhhh i love to live in amsterdam , weed , sex and kilts !, 
  it 's a repost, 
  wow 1000 + karma for a repost that has bin posted too much, 
  brazill butt lift ... . 
  ahhh , belgium , you stupid southern neighbour of the glorius kingdom of the netherlands, 
  it 's dutch !, 
  christmas is based on sinterklaas , when the dutch came to america they were talking about sinterklaas , sinterkla , sintla , santa, 
  `` urinating '' . 
  right ... . 
  [ you do n't say !, 
  dakota47 is right-ish, 
  yeah , right that 's just what a new york monster would say to protect a fellow new york monster, 
  how many times is this reposted !, 
  i do n't know , but this might be very usefull for someone with depressions or to help a familymember with depressions, 
  i gave you a upvote to your first one , but here i shall downvote !, 
  someone is filming it from an other angle , i want to see it in that angle, 
  newsfeed = reddit = repost, 
  this , my fellow redditor , is trully wtf, 
  i believe you , stalin from russia, 
  the photoshop is strong with you, 
  dont do that , dont say ` lol xd ' no , no !, 
  why not zoidberg ? 
  ay girl, 
  so , what did you choose ? 
  this one was here already a week ago or so, 
  ' the tides are turned now !, 
  you never ever had a comment , how is [ your social life ] ( http://i.imgur.com/urory.jpg ) ? 
  i could n't play the video , but when i saw the wiki i was happy i did n't saw the video, 
  as someone from holland : i do n't see any errors, 
  kinda nsfw, 
  repost , but it 's your cakeday , so upvote for you !, 
  repost from a repost from a repost, 
  no , not really mediterranean , in holland you kiss on the cheeks too , but you kiss three times ( left right left ), 
  i thought that ` pedo van japan ' a dutch title was and meant pedo of japan, 
  [ here ] ( http://twistededge.org/funny_as_hell/shorts/longest_shit/ ) is something about the longest shit, 
  oh man i feel sorry for you , you posted first , but someone else is getting the sweet karma, 
  maybe you did , but really , this has bin posted to much here, 
  after nein months it will be mein, 
  it 's asia , so the maximum could be a small handgun, 
  uhm , you guys in holland 1 liter is 1,8 euro , so 1 gallon is around 7,2 euro , thats around 8,5 dollars , we are the ones who need to complain, 
  no , * whales * seem to scare your dog, 
  that man in the background , is that ... ... hitler ? 
  i dont think so , jury duty is something american , and i think aberdeen is in the united kingdom, 
  when i first read it i thought you meant you 2 year old girlfriend, 
  ahhhh , you almost fooled , me , but you are no bot wtfgestapo, 
  what do i feel the ... oh god , help me, 
  please dont downvote me america , but this ( oke this is extreme ) wat is wrong with a lot of americans , they look and think obama is this or that , or romney is this or that , but you have to look at the ideas of the party . 
  if the ideas of the democrates are the same as yours , you vote for the democrats , if it is the republicans , you vote for the republicans . 
  til that 36.000.000 people died in 763 in china, 
  i live in a black neighbourhood of amsterdam ( bijlmer ) and have alot of black friends , but most of them do n't mind zwarte piet . 
  although there are some elderly who think it is racist , but those people think everything is racist . 
  your friend is wearing a nice red skirt, 
  which city is it ( i thinking it is in holland ), 
  that 's the joke . 
  that 's from comedy central !, 
  oh wait it 's a creeper ... 
  wich game is this ? 
  sorry i 'm dutch , so my english is n't that good . 
  did you find it in fukushima ? 
  it 's not truer than i think , you know adam and eve , and me being an atheist,
