you 're going to say no to russia ? 
  but they are transporting humanitarian aid to those poor stuck soviets . 
  honestly , i think its just another point of contention that will escalate the conflict , and ukraine 's reaction is what matters ( of course this assumes that russia plans to have a air bridge , i have no idea if that 's true ), 
  airplanes . 
  do n't forget that . 
  any ukrainian attempt to stop them will cause more trouble . 
  i saw it in some stores like a huge walmart , a redneck thrift shop etc. 
  no you wo n't find your m16s next to the vegetables if thats what you imagine . 
  dude the only thing we really objected to was the abolishment of the postal monopoly . 
  why not just reestablish the empire ? 
  what ? 
  its all ive seen on the news recently is the backstories of those killed in gaza, 
  no i mean that the existence of / r/polandball on / r/europe is pretty well known . 
  for / r/europe ? 
  way to shoe-horn in politics into everything, 
  well , i kinda meant it in reverse so i guess you 're right . 
  it 's only for bergen in norway aswell, 
  not modern europe though ... 
  i like this much more . 
  would be even more fun with national subdivisions aswell ( like states , provinces , counties , etc that are reasonably large ) and make your own europe !, 
  another norwegian here and it 's summer outside here, 
  russia is a close ally of armenia though , not that it should diminish the truth . 
  [ well , this is the eu so ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ru8htzs.jpg ), 
  central europe will until something else is discovered need green energy , and we will never run out of uses for electric production, 
  i do n't know swedish so eh, 
  does n't mean we ca n't get more . 
  our potential for wind , wave , bio and tidal energy is a resource we should tap more into . 
  trilleb\u00e5re -  skottk\u00e4rra ( lit scottish wagon ), 
  people in norway deal with this issue every time we write either of our two written languages . 
  efficiency is our game , decadent latin !, 
  protestant union !, 
  and for those wondering there is a great winter here in norway , just need a bit more snow and it will be one of the best comebacks in years . 
  hey at least they responded to the guy on the blog in detail , which is more than what i can some for some other media companies out there . 
  its in these questions i support the eu as a country, 
  then again , legal creep is a really scary reality . 
  svalbard declaring independence is like manhatten declaring independence . 
  it might when the earth stops being tilted and it gains a million inhabitants , but for now , i cant see it living on its own . 
  i thought you would be making fun of denmark rather than norway . 
  then again , perhaps we have had enough dano-swedish wars, 
  baltic ferries stronk !, 
  not for oslo at least . 
  the one northastern one is oslo , the one slightly west is drammen ( my hometown , yay . 
  mostly cars though ) , then its halden in the southast ( granite and other stone ) , plus several small ports in the vestfold fylke that are mostly ferry harbors . 
  if turkey promise to expell all turks from land and give it up and restore glorious byzantine empire and kiss greek asses on the way out xaxaxaxaxaxa . 
  seems slightly unprobable . 
  not at all . 
  while the structure and use of compound words are similar , trying to understand it to any extent is very difficult . 
  using your example . 
  `` staatsanw\u00e4lte beantragen strafbefehl gegen tebartz-van elst '' i would understand with some luck that it had to do with state and punishment . 
  anw\u00e4lte , beantragen , gegen is words that arent in norwegian at all , so it would be uncomprehensible, 
  its for vacations . 
  while more people speak french and german , we like to go a bit further south for the warmth . 
  spain is a very popular place to visit and own holiday homes . 
  only one person died ? 
  their golden dawn did n't last long it seems . 
  im the same way . 
  nothing beats standing outside in the absolute silence , seeing across the landscape covered in snow in that orange light ( might differ depending on what color your city lights are ) . 
  certainly better than the absolute black outside right now without stars . 
  its not far at all , costed me less than 200 nok with bonus points . 
  i went to gamescon to meet people i met 100 % through the internet . 
  was a fun time !, 
  i saw it in cologne too when i was there for gamescon too . 
  i was confused when i saw it here , as i thought i had seen it before , which i did !, 
  isolated as in no country directly bordering them speak the same language within the same group ( with the exception of bulgaria ) , not that the language itself is an isolate . 
  that you are probably correct are basque and korean . 
  its just a poor choice of words from my part . 
  i do n't mean either of them . 
  i just thought that bulgarian was one of those language isolates like greek , albanian , georgian , armenian , turkish , hungarian and romanian is ( i just realized there 's a geographical link between all those countries and you could probably stretch it all the way to china ), 
  i actually thought bulgarian was n't slavic at all ( i knew about the romanian thing ) . 
  who knew ? 
  your last kings was your pm in 06 or something . 
  you claim to be hunnic and were a tribe from the steppe that settled after beating byzantium hard in the 800s . 
  you dont recycle . 
  your language isnt really related to anyone nearby , despite using the cyrillic language . 
  i think thats it . 
  now to go fact check :p, 
  genitive . 
  used for ownership . 
  used rarely i 've found . 
  die bluse des m\u00e4dchens the girl 's blouse ( the blouse of the girl ) it sounds just as weird as it looks . 
  honestly , its the same for norwegian . 
  we have a facebook group for us redditors . 
  very rarely does anything from / r/norge or / r/norway hit the front page for me . 
  i found the same thing for german subreddits aswell . 
  oh trust me , but to learn is another issue . 
  i can say the same thing for norwegians . 
  when i typed that i begged my language skills for forgiveness , then went ahead . 
  the + n is for plural dativ . 
  plural dativ always has a `` n '' or `` en '' tacked on to show people how the government went to great lengths to make dativ plural feel special . 
   den briefen would be the relevant one that you typed , and as you say theres more endings , we just had special emphasis on this one ( government and all ) . 
  i enjoy german , i can even sorta communicate it with people . 
  i have realized i will never attain the same proficiency that i have in english . 
  though for the slavic language , i heard its really bad and its just a waste of time . 
  and of course i dont pay attention when i speak it . 
  forgot kiwi !, 
  esso is also pretty common, 
  oh well , i remember it being a big deal . 
  not that it matters much anyways . 
  we got rid of our state religion a couple of years ago , it was weird to share that fact with states such as tunisia , algieria , saudi arabia , egypt , syria etc. 
  i share your sentiment completely , it is so stupid to demand a change just for the sake of it .
