we are talking about 50-60 years https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peak_uranium without finding any new sources and keeping the price very low ( $ 130/kg ) we have enough for more than 120 years . 
  prices rise , we use it more efficiently , we will have enough for thousands of years . 
  if we can harvest rare earth metals from asteroids , we can harvest uranium from asteroids , what 's your point ? 
  if you go that route we can harvest methane from titan and have enough hydrocarbons until the sun dies , let 's keep it on earth . 
  here on earth , we have very limited rare earth metal resources , and recycling technologies are just beginning to be feasible . 
  it 's very shaky . 
  using those very limited resources to produce energy we could be producing from uranium , which is completely useless for anything but producing energy , is a bad idea . 
  yes , i too prefer nuclear fusion . 
  i also prefer riding to work on a unicorn , but i guess we will have to work with what we have right now . 
  you can choose between coal , uranium or ludicrous electricity bills and renewable energy . 
  no , rare earth materials are n't reusable , we do n't even know how to recycle them . 
  nuclear waste can be used for energy production easily though , enough reactors that already do that . 
  we have enough for thousands of years , tens of thousands of years once we start harvesting it from the ocean . 
  the rare earth metals for solar panels will run out long before uranium does . 
  good argument , i did n't think about that . 
  maybe the best energy supply is about 3/4ths of nuclear with the rest being a mix of coal , gas and hydro/geothermal ? 
  i think what germany is doing right now will prove to be disastrous either way . 
  how so ? 
  nuclear is the cheapest energy source , so if demand drops , they would be the last to close . 
  only after you have 100 % of electricity coming frmo nuclear would that happen . 
  if you would have an actual free market anyways , and no government pumping money into failed technologies like wind turbines . 
  so my point stands , as long as retarded policies do n't intervene , nuclear reactors would n't have to shut down . 
  yes , refuel it , upgrade it . 
  why would n't it run forever ? 
  as long as you do n't have retarded politicians trying to shut them down so you too can have $ 1 per kw/h electricity from solar panels , they can run forever . 
  look at france , right next to you . 
  they seem to be very happy with nuclear . 
  you ca n't export something if there 's no demand for it ... 
  are they really this delusional or do they just want to say `` well we gave them an option to have sanctions lifted , but they did n't listen '' . 
  either way retarded . 
  imports trash and so many black people , based china knows whats up lel, 
  #belgium is a mess, 
  yeah fuck facts , like that the third world is richer than ever , let 's spend billions to improve peoples feelings . 
  if it 's not even about feeding the third world anymore , but making them feel better , i think we can safely say we reached a point where they do n't need our help and we can put those resources to better use in our own countries . 
  then kick them out and be done with it . 
  greece would be 100 % better off today if they simply left the eu and reintroduced their own currency . 
  why would that be ? 
  smaller streets means less people driving there by car . 
  stand proud and maga bro, 
  also +10 % trade income and -20 % ship construction speed from controlling the baltic sea route . 
  2047 , and then ? 
  what happens then if ukraine says no ? 
  by then it might have been in the eu or nato , what would russia do then ? 
  start ww3 ? 
  much better they got it now with next to 0 collateral losses on both sides and everything calmed down , because russia has its port and nato lost interest in ukraine . 
  international laws are more like guidelines , which if not followed might bring some consequences from other nations . 
  as soon as a country loses more by following international law than by the consequences of not doing so , no sane country would keep following those laws . 
  that 's like if saudi arabia would go and colonize brazil today , and the liberals would start shouting `` oh but christianity colonized brazil too so it 's ok '' . 
  i like your name, 
  ukraine owned the most important military harbor of russia , for which russia had a lease . 
  then your pro-russian government was overthrown by a pro-western government . 
  fucking duh , what did you expect , honestly ? 
  `` nah , did n't want that harbor anyways , btw keep the ships too while you are at it '' ? 
  big streets are good for the economy , and it means less congestion to wherever i drive . 
  the pollution from cars is neglible compared to power plants and other big stuff , it 's really not that much in the long run , as long as all cars have good catalytic convertors . 
  obviously having millions of africa-tier cars would be pretty bad and cause lots of pollution , but new cars are very clean . 
  that 's a `` boy , everyone is stupid , except me '' the post , if i ever saw one . 
  most of our external debt is owned by china , however , it 's a liability for them , not us . 
  us dollars are backed by oil , every country needs oil , so every country has to buy our money first . 
  that 's why we printed to much money , there will always be demand . 
  and that 's why we can china to fuck off if they ever want to collect their debt . 
  they will be out $ 5 trillion or whatever we owe them , we do n't care because everyone still has to buy our money . 
  we can keep printing . 
  china will stagnate technologically very fast as soon as we impose taxes on imports and companies pull out of china to sell to the us market . 
  as soon as that happens , they are little better off than india . 
  china absolutely can not survive without us . 
  china 100 % depends on us , as soon as trump is president , and companies are prevented from outsourcing to china , their whole country will crumble under the social instability caused by the communist dictatorship . 
  it will be like the ussr on crack , a sight to behold . 
   i can tell you 're north american . 
  thank you , i 'm very proud of it . 
  computers were for calculating ballistic trajectories in the military , before they were for shitposting on the internet , please turn it off and stop misusing your poor computer . 
  donate it to your local recruitment center , so it can be used again as intended . 
  streets are without a doubt for driving , else we would n't spend so much money on making them real nice with asphalt and everything . 
  throw down some gravel , maybe some stone plates in the center of the city , be done with it , that 's good enough for walking . 
  for some reason we do n't do that . 
  you said india is as relevant and the us . 
  which is the same as saying the us is irrelevant , you probably ca n't write properly . 
   a country run by a not so smart politicians elected by not the smartest inhabitants boy , everyone is stupid except me , right ? 
  does that sentence describe your though process accurately ? 
  you do n't get to be the top country if you are n't smart . 
  granted , the last 2 decades were a downward slope , but even after that we are still # 1 . 
  your comments are pretty delusional , if you actually think the us is irrelevant , and has as much influence as fucking india , then i 'm sorry for you . 
  he got the most votes of any previous candidate at this point , after california he will probably have more than dubya in total . 
  primary votes are up like 30-40 % for republicans compared to the democrats , where it 's -10 % i think , but that number i 'm not sure . 
  november will be a slaughter for clinton . 
  streets are n't for walking . 
  streets are for driving . 
  if people find big roads too loud , they can always move somewhere else . 
  putin is no saint , i absolutely agree with you , and he has his big part in the corruption , however this system is bigger than him . 
  he could not hope to fight it , which is all i 'm saying . 
  these corrupted systems will run with you or without you , if you , even as president , would try and stop it , the whole thing runs you over . 
  i 'm not excusing him , i 'm saying why i think he does the things he does , and why he is not to be blamed 100 % , as most people believe . 
  i believe for the circumstances russia is in , he does a good job . 
  if you would replace putin with any western politician , obama , merkel , cameron , you name them , russia would balkanize within the month , and it would be the 90s all over again . 
  can does not neccessarily mean want to . 
  99 % of the corruption in a dictatorship will be at the very top , completely different from russia , where the corruption is spread over the whole country and at every level . 
  it 's , as i said , like modern feudalism . 
  democracies have much lower corruption because you vote for the people that run stuff locally , so you vote for your mayor , vote for the police chef etc. 
  and people tend to vote out those that rip them off . 
  those `` government officials '' in russia that reign in their little cities and town , they completely control the police , and with that the local voting system .
