  you become a member of umma when you become a muslim believer . 
  race is pseudoscientific concept used to sort people according to various inherited features of their bodies . 
  you ca n't become a member of a race . 
  you are born into a race and you ca n't change it . 
   it always fascinated me how germany went crazy i am affraid that it is only extreme case how our modern society works . 
  germans were exposed to very sophisticated combination of mass manipulation , violence and deep economic crissis . 
  hitler , goebels and others used first time systematically and in large extent modern communication technologies ( film , radio ) to manipulate masses of people . 
  they did it masterfully and people had no imunity . 
  they systematically supported the worst human affects and breaking of moral restraints . 
  they systematically woked the beast that is closed deep inside each human being . 
  they were consciously `` satanistic '' . 
  such transformation was much easier in the context of deep economical and social crissis that flooded whole world . 
  if we look at the germans as predisposed to such madness , we risk that we could fall into something like that too . 
  i am not `` triggered by every few sentences '' . 
  i dispute confusing concepts and terms . 
  `` if names be not correct , language is not in accordance with the truth of things . 
  if language be not in accordance with the truth of things , affairs can not be carried on to success . 
  when affairs can not be carried on to success , proprieties and music do not flourish . 
  when proprieties and music do not flourish , punishments will not be properly awarded . 
  when punishments are not properly awarded , the people do not know how to move hand or foot . 
  therefore a superior man considers it necessary that the names he uses may be spoken appropriately , and also that what he speaks may be carried out appropriately . 
  what the superior man requires is just that in his words there may be nothing incorrect . '', 
  confucius , analects , book xiii , chapter 3 , verses 4-7, 
  i consider cruise ship business the most terrible manifestation of mass tourism . 
  it is really perverse `` capitalist '' idea to store 6000 people for a week or two closed in a gigantic floating steel box 300 \u00d7 50 \u00d7 70 m and move them round mediterean sea taking them to visit places like venice . 
  it is something like industralized romanticism . 
  in fact using modern technologies , you need no real ship , no real sea , no real cities to give people the same enjoyment . 
  you can `` give '' them much more using various 3d technologies . 
  you can take them in 18 century venice to meet giacomo casanova . 
  for a special fee it would include his `` personal '' services . 
  he would quarrel and fight with men , with women ... ( voi sapete quel che fa . ), 
  regulation is necessary . 
  first of all they should close port for big cruise ships , prevent their entry in whole laguna . 
  people that enjoy such kind entertainment and aesthetic of cruise ships interior should be prevented to access such places like venice or florence . 
  they have las vegas , disneylands , various amusement and theme parks , where they can ride roller coasters and enjoy plastic dinos . 
  per day limits and restricted access . 
  by restricted access i mean , that there would be several types of payed visits . 
  cheapest would guided a limited to a predefined path . 
  people would be transported by smaller boats ( like current vaporetto ) specially designed for such purpose taken on defined places , guided walking only in limited area . 
  more expensive would be free of guide for longer time but also to limited areas . 
  you can read also on reddit , that venice is overrated , that it was disappointment etc.there are crowds of people blind to beauty of the place , knowing nothing about art and history . 
  such people can eat pizza and drink boxed wine in venice on florida watching a video about italy . 
  in mestre should be an entry terminal having a testing centre . 
  who would prove knowledge about venetian history and art treasures kept there should have discount and longer visits . 
  it sounds crazzy , but people living in historic cities which are overcrowded with dumb , blind and shouting herd would understand . 
  quotas : - the refugee movements began much earlier . 
  but there was a further step towards unlimited migration . 
  there was of german authorities already have the statement that any syrians a method in germany gets , regardless of the dublin agreement . 
  this policy has proven to be false in summary . 
  - there is consensus that it must not be possible for refugees to choose where they want to live . 
  - the gateway to europe was open . 
  now we have a turnaround . 
  the limits are tight and prices of tractors increased by rapidly . 
  illegal migration is less attractive . 
  - the balkan route must remain closed , because it can not be our goal that a refugee flees from an eu country like greece in a non-eu country like macedonia . 
  illegal immigration can only be stopped so as long as our external borders are not protected . 
  - a confident , strong europe needs its borders to protect itself . 
  - turkey has moved away from a candidate for the eu for years . 
  - it will take in austria years , to one-third of people who have come in the past year to us , have a job or an education and are integrated . 
  linked english version is a bad translation . 
  even name kurz is translated to short ... 
  this would require longer response , but just now i ca n't write it , so brief `` hints '' : if a woman is under control and pressure of other people , family , community or a large society and wears burkini to comply with it , because she ca n't resist the pressure , the ban of burkini means only she would be prevented to swim and sit on a beach fully clothed , or she would be prevented to be on beach . 
  if a woman wears burkini based on her own opinion and decision ban of burkini is humiliating useless restriction of her freedom . 
  she either can be on beach wearing suit that she feels indecent exposing nude part of her body she do n't want , or she must stay home . 
  how this could help women bullied in egypt ? 
  sorry but what you say is typical confusing different concepts based on some similar fetures and ignorance of basic differences . 
  what you claim is the same like to say scorpions are sneaks because they are venomous , ignoring that many sneaks are not venomous and skorpions have completely different body , principally different nervous , digestive and perspiration systems . 
  however i am affraid that my way of thinking is too patriarchal for you so i will spare you of any further explanation . 
  bulgaria is balkans and that means that almost everything is different from western europe . 
  there are about 10 various ethnic groups and about 8 religions . 
  they need no external help to have mutual conflicts . 
  if you want to understand it , you should ask a bulgarian . 
  [ burgas bombing ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_burgas_bus_bombing ) is not realted to bulgarian muslims . 
  a hamas terrorist attacked jewish tourists in bulgarian town burgas . 
  and bulgarian muslims are not recent immigrants like austrian . 
  your logic is ill . people , who died in traffic accidents , are not victims an abstract transport . 
  they are almost always victims of failure , carelessness or recklessness of someone very concrete . 
  and failure , carelessness or recklessness causing death or injury of someone else is not only banned , it is crime . 
  so adequate response is not to ban cars but take preventive actions and punish perpetrators . 
  society restricts freedom of people to take preventive measures ; almost all speed limits are such measures for example . 
  to go without border controls from prague to rome is pleasant , but border controls would not be restriction of freedom , only source of delay . 
  complication of cargo transport would harm international trade but would help local producers . 
  the threat of terrorism is not only a direct threat to human lives . 
  it is incomparable with traffic accidents . 
  traffic accidents do n't undermine stability of the society and are not part of intentional campaign of terrorization . 
  no traffic accident can cause more then 10 month of the emergency state in france . 
   quite a lot actually . 
  indeed generous !, 
  you should go to tell people wounded in nice . 
  the dead would not hear you of course . 
  have you ever seen somebody dying ? 
  jews and places related to jews as a target are not `` an exception '' . 
  burgas : 7 detah 32 wounded in one attack . 
  how many dead people is an acceptable price ? 
   terrorists tend to care about the ` big ' targets and what about 2012 burgas bus bombing ? 
   most of the terrorist attacks in europe so far were carried out by eu nationals border control should include airports of course and everybody must checked . 
  and there it is much easier , you can monitor all people by many efficient technical devices . 
  not to prevent a mass flow of refugees or migrants , but to prevent very small number of radicals to come here wanting for example attack people visiting jewish monuments and their visitors in prague . 
  german inteligence serveices say there are at least 400 potential terrorists in germany , but it could be much more . 
  i doubt they came in germany only to have a rest after fights in syria .
