  or stoning day ? 
  or slavery day ? '' a storm because of a piece of rag !, 
  edit : it is not important what she wears on her head . 
  it is important what she has inside !, 
  who of other inmates wants to be with him ? 
  he hunted young boys and girls like rabbits . 
  he hunted children in fact . 
  his youngest victim was 14 years old . 
  in czech prisons a murderer of a child is in a very bad position . 
  other inmates torture them , force them to suicide or kill them . 
  breivik should be happy he is left alone . 
  each punishment is inevitably partially reprisal , in fact vengeance . 
  it could be detterent , protection of society and correction too . 
  first of all it is necessary to know that i speak only about czech sect adamites in 15th century . 
  there are various historic reports about them . 
  however , it is very difficult to create a systematic image about their beliefs , organization and detailed origin and history . 
  i wrote `` they were too progressive for epoch their lived '' not that they were `` progressivists '' . 
  it was a little bit ironic . 
  however part of their moral rules and customs would be in contemporary europe widely acceptable , though they were chased , murdered and burned for it in their epoch . 
  specifically i mean public nudity , promiscuity and homosexuality . 
  i used adamites only as an example of various aspects of religiosity that ca n't be tolerated . 
  and i do n't want discuss if they were christians . 
  some reports relate facts that evoke idea they could be influenced by pre-christian cults and gnosticism . 
  you do n't like americans l presume !, 
   a dutchman become king ilegitimate king !, 
  look at wikipedia article monarchist in france https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/monarchism_in_france monarchism continues to exist in france . 
  an they are rich and related to conservative catholicism . 
  part of monarchists play important role in le pen 's front national . 
  lost in translation ? 
  the debate at r/worldnews is very long and there are no fliers . 
  it is difficult to guess who is native swedish speaker . 
  but the negative raction to it was first by native swedish speakers . 
   romson sparked debate after she spoke on public broadcaster svt 's breakfast show ` gomorron sverige '  her words were quickly criticized by viewers so i think that the problem is not in translation only . 
  i made the line copy paste . 
  now it is not in the article . 
  i googled the text and i have found in article in the sun . 
  the article has similar title . 
  i am sure i did not tak\u00e9 from the sun originally . 
  http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/politics/7087896/eu-boss-jean-claude-juncker-makes-shock-admission-that-europe-does-interfere-too-much-in-peoples-personal-life.html i made a pdf copy of the article to have a `` prove '' , however i do n't know how to upload a pdf document od reddit . 
  you do n't understand me well . 
  my examples are intentionally exaggerated to absurdity . 
  i want to say that religious freedom must be strictly limited . 
  it sounds horrible and i have to note i am a catholic . 
  to put basic rules of secular society above rules of particular religions is the basic principle that permits equal , non-conflict coexistence of various religions and various non religious worldviews in one society . 
  each person must fully respect basic principles of freedom , free speech , equality ( including gender equality ) and a basic respect to human beings . 
  a free speech principle includes critical speech about any religion or any non religious worldview . 
  it is not right to insult any person ; however an `` insult of religious beliefs '' or an `` insult religion '' or an `` insult of a god or a prophet '' must not be considered an insult of a person and must not be punished by law . 
  each person must fully respect basic cultural customs and behavior standards though it is not covered by law . 
  life of society ca n't be ruled only by laws . 
  a live and functional society is not a heap of free individuals but a complex organization and individual freedom is a `` space '' of individual in a society . 
  robinson crusoe was not free , though not limited by anybody , he was alone . 
  there must be a large set of standards and customs preventing conflicts and supporting communication , collaboration and synergy . 
  now about shaking hands : shaking hands is a very important part of european etiquette , who wants to be part of the european society , is obliged to adhere it . 
  it is a short non religious ritual ; a meaning of it varies according to context . 
  refuse to shake hand with someone is considered an insult or an expression of disdain or hostility in our culture . 
  refuse to shake hand with a woman-teacher because she is a woman is unacceptable because it is a demonstration of an unacceptable relationship . 
  it is a demonstrative refusal to treat her in the same way as a man-teacher . 
  justifying it by a religious freedom is an attempt to break the secular principles and basic cultural customs that must stay above . 
  hiding a woman 's face in public is a similar unacceptable issue , though the woman is identified with it . 
  the problem of common bathing of women and men , acceptable / unacceptable swimsuit is more complicated and less unambiguous and i do n't want to discuss it not to be rebuked for to long and complicated reply . 
  the demgraphic projection is clear . 
  if `` native '' europeans have four times lower birth rate then imigrants `` importing '' them is preparing destruction . 
   most bulgarians are russophilic putinists what has putin to do with the treaty of berlin ? 
  1878 british fleet prevented russinas to liberate constantinople only to botch it in 1916 themselves . 
  it resulted in murdering and expulsion greeks from lands and towns where they lived for 2500 years in 1920 . 
  it is a comment to the posted picture and on picture is the british pm . 
  that is the reason why the comment is about the british ruling class . 
  british ruling class had extreme power for several hundred years and they abused it very often in a very horrible way . 
  the british policy towards china in 19th century started by macartney embassy 1793 could be a representative example . 
  it is history now , however impacted nations do n't forget . 
  i do n't say they were alone . 
  i say it only because in history they successfully evoked illusion and hope to be different . 
  russians tsars wanted to sweep turks from all europe from the time of catherine the great ( by the way she was german and all russian tsars in 19th century too ) . 
  they considered the russian empire a heir of the byzantine empire . 
  they wanted to liberate constantinople ( istanbul ) , control access to the black sea and to be `` grants of safety '' of the holly land . 
  it contradicted british and french interests so they `` helped '' turks , hoping they would prey on it themselves . 
  that caused the crimean war 1853-1856 . 
  it caused their intervention in the end of russo-turkish war 1877 -- 78 forcing russia accept the truce offered by the ottoman empire and preventing them to reach bosporus and take constantinople . 
  by the way the part of current turkey in europe was inhabited mostly by greeks up to 1920 , the same in smyrna ( izmir ) and surroundings . 
  evil cause evil . 
  is it irony or something what i do n't understand ? 
   with the low birth rate , if we continue with all of this in the face of the major problems we are emerging then that is not the sort of image i want of europe . 
  we want a strong influential europe . 
  you ca n't get a strong influencial europe importing non europeans . 
  this only the way how to destroy europe . 
  low birth rate in europe is a problem known from at least 1970 . 
  but almost all european leaders and progressivist freaks do everything to destroy natural conditions that are needed keep population . 
  who cares of gays is considered a cool hero , who says that women and men should first of all build a stable family and have children , that it should be their first goal and duty is chased as a dangerous retard . 
   unelected bureaucrat he is not a `` comimission bos '' but he is the president of the european commission nominated by the european council . 
  the european council consits of heads of eu states . 
  the heads of states are elected or nominated based on national election . 
  he is not elected directly but nominated based on consensus of elected heads of states . 
  thus he is something like a prime minister nominated by prime ministers . 
   michael gove has said ... who else ? 
  for an free trade agreement you need ratification in each single eu country . 
  how long it could last ? 
  and each country would try use it for its benefit . 
  it was ironic . 
  however some contemporary `` progressivist '' demand `` pedophile rights '' . 
  google it if you do n't believe .
