  if you are interested in weight as the gravitational force , you should use newton as a unit . 
  do n't say such things too loud otherwise economy `` reformists '' could hear it and got idea that the 10-day d\u00e9cade could improve french economy reducing non-working days by 30 % . 
  and mr. hollande would be able to force it in whole eu . 
  yes !, 
  for example i was very angry with fact that czech producers must not use words like `` marmel\u00e1da '' or `` rum '' to denote products corresponding to it in the czech language . 
  however czech produecrs have free access to uk market and an englishman would have been confused or pissed if he founded that marmelade contains strawberries and rum contains spirit made from potatoes . 
  what is better , prevent confusion of non czech customers or preserve meaning of czech words ? 
  [ are imperial measurements outdated ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7x-rgfd0yk ) using it would make transatlantic partnership so easy and i think it is very democratic if each profession has own measurements system . 
  why should be sailors forced use the same system as apothecares ? 
  it `` reminds one of the worst excesses of the french revolution . '', 
  such quick changes show that you ca n't use referendum to solve such complex problems . 
  mr cameron 's biggest failure is that he in fact torpedoed basic principles of british political system - representative democracy and sovereignity of the parliament.if he respected this system british people would have to elect a parliament that would decided to leave eu and realized all necessary steps after serious political debate considering all consequences . 
  the only folk able use direct democracy responsibly and efficiently are swiss citizens and they develop this principle for more then 800 years from 1291 . 
  all other usage of referendum was always either a farce or a tragedy . 
  you can be shot or bombed anywhere now . 
  he must know that johnson and frage were only useful media buffoons and uk needs realistic competent political leaders . 
  i think that task no 1 is to secure external border of eu and stop free flow of hundreds of thousands refugees and migrants through all europe . 
  it is not about not helping people in troubles it is about stopping destructive chaos . 
   `` they are shouting at all hours . 
  they park their cars all over the place . 
  they are drinking and smoking . 
  they beg on the streets and pick things out of the dustbins . 
  it is a shame for britain . '', 
  it sounds like gypsies from eastern europe decided brexit because they irritate asian immigrants . 
  the world is absurd ... 
  but we do n't call them `` slovak immigrants '' . 
   nutjobs ??? 
  bavarians are `` eigenartig '' and i wish they stayed like that including very conservative people tanning in munich in englischer g\u00e4rten . 
  i am not young . 
  i was fluent in russian in past , i red books in russian and had to write in russian too and i like russian culture , especially 19th century literature . 
  i know german . 
  however , if i meet a russian or a german now , i prefer communicate in english . 
  latin was used so long because catholic church was international and dominated education and science . 
  english would be used if it is needed for international communication . 
  you ca n't replace it by a force if so many people use it . 
  it is not answer in fact . 
  there is no language that could replace english in international communication . 
  latin langue was used for communication in europe 1200 years after fall of roman empire and romance languages are used up to now . 
  we need one common language to communicate in internet and that language is english . 
  if internet continues a develops english would become autonomous independent on original native speakers and there would be a special internet variant of it . 
  thank you for this information . 
  it clearly shows that such survey says nothing in fact . 
  it can be used for manipulation only . 
  knowing exact number of member states and if switzerland is member or not says nothing about political maturity of a person . 
  each `` model '' is simplification . 
  however this one hides most important facts : eu is now too complex , heterogenous and large to be managed especially in a democratic way . 
  if eu consisted of 8 western states represented in video there would have been no referendum in uk on membership . 
   free of drama and full of detached objectivity ... brexit on ice . 
  that is exactly what is needed above all !, 
  complex problems ca n't be solved spreading emotional slogans . 
  she is not a boris j. ; gott sei dank !, 
  only if she was so hyper-rational always last year ... 
  if all 28 flag bearers were in video it would have been much more difficult to create it so simply `` instructive '' . 
  and eu reality is much more difficult to manage . 
  the question is if such complex and heterogenous community could be managed in a democratic way . 
  there are no scandinavian flags , from southern eu is only italy and only bulgarian flag represents eastern eu . 
  such selection represents very unrealistic and in fact arogant vision of eu that ca n't work . 
  edit : it is a view of europe from paris . 
  they see only french neighbours , pyrenees are to high to see what is behind them and there are those strange people living on that island over la manche . 
  they have heard about some `` wild uncivilised '' marginal nations attached recently somewhere in east , so a bulgarian flag is added . 
  it is shenzhen after a city in guangdong province , china . 
  and it states you have to buy any product that china offers and you have to pay for it only in silver . 
  it is a long article , but very good deep analysis, 
  i am able to imagine eu having only one official language - english , but i ca n't imagine eu not using english . 
  internet makes it a main worldwide common language , you can hate it , however you ca n't change it . 
  it is a great advantage of english native speakers , but we punish them every day forcing them to hear and read our deformed and bad varieties of their mother tongue . 
   because they 'd rather be out getting high or drunk . 
  so it is not about a culture but about maturity . 
  and immature people should not take part in political decisions . 
   uk would have voted to stay . 
  it is too simple extrapolation !, 
  remaining 62 % of young people have different opinions ( if any ) otherwise they would have taken part in the referendum . 
  i think it would be better to use ancient methods of roman augurs to predict future in current situation . 
  you can read in wikipedia : the augur was a priest and official in the classical roman world . 
  his main role was the practice ofaugury , interpreting the will of the gods by studying the flight of birds : whether they are flying in groups or alone , what noises they make as they fly , direction of flight and what kind of birds they are . 
  this was known as `` taking the auspices . '', 
  the ceremony and function of the augur was central to any major undertaking in roman society -- public or private -- including matters of war , commerce , and religion . 
   citizens need to be trained from a young age , over and over , how to referend . 
  this is obvious and surprising at the same time . . 
  most important comment to whole brexit case !, 
  brexit was a niger frage 's performance originally . 
  it was stolen from him and he is accused of most stupid and demagogic slogan used by most unscrupolous jesters that forced him out of scene . 
  a typical wrong conclusion based on an average value . 
   there is no such thing as ` real wealth ' . 
  this is a useful simplification for explanation : exchanging services can only redistribute values created in primary ( raw materials etc. ), 
  and secondary ( material goods ) sectors of economy . 
  if productive enough primary and secondary sectors are part of economy the tertiary sector can be large not causing problems . 
  but if you have to buy most of raw materials abroad and your secondary sector is also not large enough to cover import of raw materials by export of goods or even economy imports more goods then exports and you can achieve balance only selling services abroad and it is much more vulnerable then export of oil . 
  ( there are economies built on providing financial services but it is mostly covering de facto criminal activities , at least evading taxes . 
  such economies are in fact parasitic . ), 
  relative domination of services in some economies are in fact result of absurd methods calculating gdp , because it includes absurdities like mutual nails cutting for $ 10 per hand . 
  services especially financial also bring great risks of creating virtual wealth that is in fact inflating bubbles . 
  the other problem is that a significant part of services is easily dispensable and in crisis situations . 
   62.1 % of russian economy is services . 
  by comparison us and uk are ~ 80 % services . 
  and what ? 
  real wealth is not generated by mutual cutting nails and buying comsumer goods on credit in china . 
  us public debt is 75 % gdp , uk 83 % , russian 14 % . 
  russian trade balance is positive even after collapse of oil prices , uk and us trade balance is deficient .
