this all clearly shows what is eu about and what will be . 
  now europe wil be in a serious internal concflict `` all against germany '' . 
  germany will use its `` soft '' economilcal power and aliance with turkey to dominate . 
  this conflict will make all european states much more weak . 
  and if increase of of moslem population continues ... 
  why do you think that muslim population would pay austrian seniors rent ? 
  no austrians will pay money on their large families . 
   it means going against them . 
  you ca n't od something what 80 % of citizens strictly refuse . 
  it means going against them , does n't ? 
  please , read the last sentence of my previous reply . 
  if this process of immigration would continue internal political situation in singular eu states would radically change , see austria and netherlands . 
  it is only prelude . 
   information we 're getting in cr is through media almost all information we have are form media . 
  in cr you have the same access to information as anywhere in the world , where internet is available . 
  problem is only volume and ability to select , evaluate , sort and make conclusions . 
   successful aspects of this whole situation can you name some , please ? 
   i 'm embarrassed at our noncompliance star war hero complex  multinational cooperation like this there are some simple principles necessary to stability of states that must kept . 
  eu is not a state it is an experimental construct having no precedent . 
  problem is that its rules strip single states of key functions not replacing them on higher level sufficiently and under democratic control . 
  one of most important principles is that the state must be able control its borders keeping them secure and inviolable . 
  eu states delegated control of access on its territories to the border states of eu . 
  not to eu as whole , but to a part of states . 
  so no of continental eu states , excluding greece , can fully control access on its territory and has no direct influence on control of eu external border . 
  influence of central eu institution on border control is minimal . 
  this is system that ca n't work and failed . 
  the failed system is now compensated by a new horrible failure , because control of access is de facto delegated to turkey and this delegation would be enforced if visas were lifted . 
  next necessary principle is that the state must be able control who settles in its territory . 
  if the state is democratic policies regulating settlement of foreigners must be result of a wide consensus . 
  principle of free movement of eu citizens breaks it and brings serious problems to all states . 
  flow of workers from poorer states to rich states strips poorer of a part of highly qualified workers including specialists whose education was paid from taxes . 
  in rich countries it lowers wages and drives part of workers of the work market . 
  forced or self-imposed resettlement of immigrants or members of minorities of not integrated citizens transfers to a target county problems caused by wrong decisions and failures of source country government . 
  the main problem is that eu is not a state however , it disrupts necessary functions of its member states . 
   which catastrophe destruction of current political and economical system , it already has started . 
  democracy requires ability to achieve a wide consensus of society in basic things . 
  it is not about simple voting in a parliament or about forced consensus in the eu commission . 
  it is now impossible and it implies a huge risk of destruction and violent solutions . 
  sorry nobody can require us to do things destroying our culture and economy . 
  we are not obliged to it . 
  all treaties and agreements you relate were concluded in situation when western states dominated world economically and military too . 
  it is past that would never return . 
  we must stop to play being able manage crisis in whole world . 
  lessons from afghanistan iraq , syria and libya are bitter . 
  all these refugees are responsible for their countires , not we . 
  edit : a very serious crisis is rising now in whole europe . 
  we are not too different and better people then our ancestors hundred or eighty years ago . 
  destructive devils are wakening up now in human minds and you ca n't mange them mocking and offending them or persuading them to be nice little bugaboos . 
  these devils are wakened by fear that has very real reasons . 
  sometimes it seems that people including top politicians confuse reality with a fantasy movie or a fantasy game . 
  they want to be like positive star wars heroes ignoring reality just next them . 
  you ca n't all the time tell people that the international treaties and our ideals inevitably oblige us to destroy our world . 
  no , first the flow must be stopped by any means . 
  in this moment there are 60-100 millions potential refugees in area close to europe to get here . 
  and this is still only the begining of the crisis in maghreb and middle east , sub-saharan africa and horn of africa . 
  only in somalia is a civil war from 1991 , nobody is able to stop it and it spreads violence in adjacent countries . 
  a high population rate , bad economy and islam revival or radicalization as reaction to globalizaion in whole area grants turmoil for next 20 years . 
  he can stay in france for holidays , eating cheese every day so much his gall bladder manages helping his digestion with french wine and voyeuring on french both normal and nudist beaches . 
  and then he can return home to his disgusting hamburgers and spotting well shrouded fatties on the cape cod . 
  by the way : all american fast food should be strictly banned in civilized parts of world . 
  edit : nothing prevents us farmers to make a very good cheese and sell it choosy urban freaks . 
  edit2 : i had to repost it removing a link, 
  you have no legal means to force them to live somewhere . 
  the 1951 un refugee convention article 26 states clearly : `` each contracting state shall accord to refugees lawfully in its territory the right to choose their place of residence to move freely within its territory , subject to any regulations applicable to aliens generally in the same circumstances '' i heard from some danes that in danmark migrants were forced live in given place for five years . 
  however after that period they move together in `` ghetos '' . 
  i ca n't verify it , but it is likely . 
  migrants you can regulate in thos way , people having the refugee status no . 
   germany and sweden ca n't handle the entire crisis alone their leaders should become aware it before they enhanced the migration by a strong positive response to it . 
  a good statesman should know when to do something tough and harming some people to avoid much worse things bringing a breakup leading to catastrophe . 
   the number of migrants to be distributed is quite small the problem is the system of permanent redistribution by keys . 
  we want to interrupt the migration flow before it would be totally unmanageable . 
  if you read that in netherlands 1.2 million migrants living there long time do n't speak dutcht or only 35 % of imigrants living in sweden longer then 15 years have job , you see that these very developed rich countries have not integration under control at all . 
  migrants prefer sweden , netherlands and germany not only because of economic reasons . 
  they prefer it because there are long existing muslim communities to which they want to integrate , not to native majority . 
  and such situation we want avoid at any costs !, 
  if you have a million of people , how many policemen you need to `` mange '' them moderately ? 
  i saw videos from the calais motorway last year . 
  policemen were there , quite a lot of them , and they were unable protect camions and keep normal traffic . 
  refugee from africa mostly do not enter greece , they used different ways . 
  see frontex reports about it [ here ] ( http://frontex.europa.eu/publications/ ) , but it is a lot of work to get summaries from all frontex risk analysis network quarterly reports for 2015 . 
  and you ca n't use one report as a sample , there are large differences . 
   you will have to resort to violence it is easy to say . 
  french are not able move people from the calais jungle . 
  greek authorities are not able move people from idomeni . 
  if there is a million of them in germany and they say no , not in words but acting , what would you do ? 
  i know all that absurd liberal mythology ... 
  i do n't understand exactly what you mean . 
  in any discussion here you should use arguments to the point not to the person ( redditor ) . 
  it is a general rule for any discussion , because using argument to the person you show you have no argument to the point or you do n't control yourself . 
  and argument to `` redditor '' is total nonsense . 
  there are somewhere real people behind nicknames ( i hope so ) , you know nothing about them , nothing about their motives , about their real opinions . 
  they are less then a foggy ghost . 
  the only real thing here is a written text posted here . 
  the text could be in some way personal , however everything personal you should cut off and try to extract a matter-of-fact , if there is any . 
  and then react to that matter-of-fact . 
  anything else is useless fighting with foggy ghosts . 
  internet is crazy world inhabited only by ghosts . 
  it is not a real world !, 
  keep it in mind otherwise you get crazy . 
  me , you and theogr will never meet physically as real people .
