  ban minarets is contraproductive nonsense . 
  first of all it is legaly impossible and there are two billions of muslims now in whole world . 
  i think you do n't uderstand well how a religion works . 
  christians were cruely chased and murdered and despite it christianity conquered the roman empire . 
   delegates at a party conference adopted a ban on minarets , the call to prayer and the full-face veil , saying islam was `` not part of germany '' . 
  one can be happy of it , one can be unhappy of it , however islam is a part of contemporary germany . 
  edit : there are millions of people identified with islam in germany now . 
  some of them identified more with their old homeland then with germany . 
  you ca n't expell them , you ca n't murder them . 
  we ca n't ignore reality if we want change it . 
  my conclusion from the article content : * far-right and far left are against current eu principles and policy . 
  each for different reasons . 
  both chauvinists in fact . 
  * left leaving class rhetoric and defense of working people particularly switching to moderate neoliberalism and partially switching to support of various minorities and immigrants betrayed the core of their potential supporters leaving them to right radicals . 
  * political centre impotent in decline and chaos , flogging a dead horse . 
  * next year 's elections could be an earthquake shaking and infecting all europe . 
  brief extract from the long article that is an attempt from left point of view to analyze and explain result of referendum on the eu association treaty with ukraine ( treaty ) . 
  ----- what in netherlands was in past : ------ * loyal supporter of the eu . 
  * many dutch being cosmopolitan , tolerant members , peaceful & participation in the eu as a logical extension of this . 
  ----- what is now - far right : ------ * 2005 refusing the eu constitution = change of attitudes toward the eu . 
  * 2016 refusing the treaty = blocking cooperation with it * nationalist right wing advancing for 15 years . 
  established parties have partly taken over their vocabulary and agenda . 
  left not able to adequately respond . 
  * freedom party ( pvv ) combine free-market economics , nationalism , populist demagogy , xenophobic sentiment , racism , especially islamophobia . 
  eu seen as a threat to sovereignty & obstacle to the draconian anti-immigration laws . 
  wish eu be purely economic free-trade zone . 
  * dominates the recent public debate : referendum , refugee policies . 
  refugees and politicians who are seen as supporting their rights have been the victims of intimidation and violence . 
  agitation against refugees is the prelude to more general racist actions : attacks on muslim citizens and threats to mosques . 
  * polls consistently predict a massive victory for the pvv . 
  * influence of a conservative intellectual t. baudet & think tank forum voor democrati : anti-feminism , nationalism , and islamopohobia , hostility to the left , hidden racism . 
  forum like geenstijl provides the populist vulgarization of the same agenda . 
  ----- what is now - center left & right wing & social-liberal : ------ * the social-democratic labour party ( pvda ) neoliberal d66 party : neoliberal economic policies combined with socially liberal rhetoric about individual rights . 
  support the treaty . 
  however absence of any positive argument in favor of the treaty & pseudo-arguments : treaty would protect jews , the lgbt community , and ukrainian democrats against putin 's authoritarianism . 
  * polls consistently predict an implosion of the pvda . 
  -- what is now - far left -- * socialist party ( sp ) `` no '' campaign < = the neoliberal character of the association treaty & chauvinism . 
  part of left called for a boycott of the referendum . 
  many sp voters did not vote at all . 
  the sp is in decline : declining membership and disorder in its youth wing . 
  * polls predict around its current 10 percent . 
  * some socialists , ngos , and independent activists ( collaborating with ukrainian leftists ! ), 
  `` no '' campaign < = calling for radically reforming the process of european unification and rejecting the eu 's neoliberal course . 
  ----- conclusion : ----- * government parties are under pressure to give some meaning to the referendum result . 
  few people assume the referendum will change much . 
  the treaty already became provisionally active , most people expect that it will be ratified ( like the eu constitution ) . 
  * the clear winner of the whole episode is the nationalist right . 
  political climate in general favor the right-wing nationalist response , which would exclude muslims and other minorities . 
  * pushing back against this trend is difficult , requiring a new emphasis on class issues instead of national , religious , and ethnic divisions . 
   what definition of `` left '' do you base that on ? 
  left - right classification is dubious from its begining in the french assembl\u00e9e nationale . 
  hitlers nsdap is classified as rigt . 
  if you read `` the 25-point program of the nsdap '' there are of course racist and nationalist points . 
  the rest could be considered a very leftist agenda . 
  two points as example : 14 . we demand a division of profits of all heavy industries . 
  15 . we demand an expansion on a large scale of old age welfare . 
  our former president klaus , claiming loudly to the right , once said that , who uses a snowboard and who wears a backpack is a leftist . 
  he likes skiing and hate people hampering on a ski slope with a snowboard . 
  he associates people wearing backpack with his enemies . 
  if you add two children and a hijab on the mother 's head , remove the dog and change part of clothes you get a dream family of majority of migrants comming in germany . 
  only a small part of them would prefer more wives and children . 
  after all turkish , arabic and other muslim immigrants would organize their own democratic representation , you would have an action for islam party ten times more `` reactionary '' then afd . 
  they would have an unimportant difference from afd as they would refuse to support childless seniors , becuse old people should be cared by their families . 
   education and social support should be aimed at achieving this family and this family alone ... less support for single mothers and alternative family models , less support for gender equality , it is a normal political program presented in a democratic way to voters to decide . 
  it is no extremism . 
  it is the same as `` more support for single mothers '' . 
  it is a democratic discussion how to use the public budget . 
  why do you translate `` rettungsinseln '' as a rape free zone ? 
  it is not about a postcolonial guilt . 
  it is about western cultural supremacizm . 
  in fact britons , french and germans consider their culture supreme , calling it now european . 
  in 19th century it was accompanied with racist theories ( now not acceptable ) explaining cultural supremacy as a reuslt of being a supreme race . 
  the multiculturalism has one silent precondition that there is one supreme `` common '' culture to which all particular cultures must be subdued . 
  this supreme common culture in fact is the old culture of a country transformed and improved by various new ideologies and stripped of old moral rules considered oppresive . 
  the newcomers are in fact supposed to attach with enthusiasm to the supreme culture keeping `` harmless '' parts of its culture . 
  however it ca n't work as we can see . 
  you can spot much more . 
  for example people of slavic origin often do many mistakes ( not ) using a definite or indefinite article . 
  there is no grammatical article in slavic languages . 
  only bulgarian and macedonian have a suffix used as the definite article . 
   eu 's policy on refugees . 
  it is not about culture . 
  it is about rational sober evaluation of the problem , historic experience , own power and resources . 
  we do n't think we could mange it not destroying ourselves . 
  and we think that germany , sweden or austria ca n't mange it too , though they have much more resources and their sates are much better organized . 
  if our society and state falls in a chaos , we would not be able help anybody . 
  who is not a native speaker mostly does n't distinguish am . / br . 
   actual shooting the cold war was a continual hot proxy war out of europe in europe greek civil war 1946 . 
  and smaller incidents , for example in 1953 a czechoslovak mig 15 shot down one of a pair of american f-84e while spying 35 km deep in the czechoslovak airspace . 
  in 1960 u-2 spy plane was shot down while deep in soviet airspace close to chelyabinsk . 
  it is a part of their psychological war . 
  it costs them almost nothing , however everybody speaks about it in the west . 
  it 's also a kind of mocking . 
  and when americans start blabber about their unprofessionalism they can only laugh . 
   it 's basically harmless a jet plane flying 9 meters from you could cause a serious acoustic trauma . 
   being from different cultures please , name 3-5 important cultural differences between the czech culture ( if you know anyting about it ) and hessen ( or german ) culture . 
  to avoid misunderstanding is this acceptable definition of culture concept ? 
  culture that is complex whole which includes knowledge , belief , art , morals , law , custom and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society . 
   eastern europe where `` diffferent culture and political views very far form common european ones the last election in austria could evoke a litle bit different impression . 
  and 40 years of communism cures all naive and irresponsible `` idealism '' for a long time .
