  kurt waldheim 's problem was a skeleton in the closet , in his time he was not a single one in austria . 
  so it was not dividing people inside of austria . 
  it was a problem for foreign relationships and all austria was bullied because of it . 
   how is that not mentioning the empire ? 
  my reply is not a comment to whole english and british history and sentiments . 
  i comment by it what i can read about brexit campaign . 
  and that campaign presents a vision that is based on principles having ruled in europe up to world war ii . 
  the colonialism was only particular result of these principles and everybody knows it is impossible to restore it and to discuss it is ridiculous . 
  the core of the problem is a fully sovereign `` national '' state . 
  such concept in context of european diversity has two possible extreme very bad results : disintegration of europe into small dysfunctional units or subjugate smaller nations to bigger ones eventually destroying them . 
  we must transform europe into an organized cooperating structure , supporting synergies and moderate conflicts , preventing outbreaks of inner catastrophic crises . 
  search for a working solution ca n't a simple direct way , because such task is extremely demanding . 
  however we ca n't give it up . 
  it is funny , three redditors using the union jack flier replied that to leave eu does n't mean trying to regain the empire . 
  i did not write anything about any emire !, 
  empire is somewhere in your mind not in mine . 
  i speak about past europe of fully soverign states . 
  i think it is impossible especially if we need the common market . 
  the other reason is that divided europe is not able to secure its defence without us forces . 
  and usa are confronted with too many potential or acute conflicts . 
  new superpowers are rising and the world woud be multipolar again . 
  europe ca n't be splited and weak . 
  it is very difficult to manage european unity in a democratic way . 
  however if we did not make it , we would have ended up as ancient greece , first threatened by persians , then conquered by the macedonians and romans . 
  i do n't think it is bad , i think it is impossible especially if we need the common market . 
  who speaks about an empire ? 
  an empire is somewhere in your subconscious mind , not in mine . 
  i speak about past europe of fully soverign states . 
  who speaks about an empire ? 
  an empire is somewhere in your subconscious mind , not in mine . 
  i speak about past europe of fully soverign states . 
   why can canada do it but europe ca n't ? 
  better to ask muslims living in europe why they ca n't . 
  may be there are in canada not so many salafist preachers paid by saudis . 
  i would like to see results of a similar survey from europe . 
  is something like this available ? 
  it is possible that to do such survey could be `` interpreted '' as racism . 
  however one point is similar to europe : young generation 2nd or 3rd is getting estranged . 
   younger and canadian-born muslims were much more likely to choose multiculturalism and diversity , compared to foreign-born muslims , who valued freedom and democracy . 
   fully 57 per cent of muslims agreed that immigrants of different races and backgrounds should set aside their cultural backgrounds and try to blend into canadian culture , and 34 per cent disagreed . 
  but while muslims over the age of 35 agreed with this by margins of two or three to one , muslims under the age of 35 were split . 
  usa nees uk in european union . 
  smaller european countries need uk in union . 
  english people wants to sail into a past dream . 
  i am affraid you are true . 
  we have more serious problem as they are not able distinguish us from chechnya after recent change . 
   i 'm saying how . 
  i wanted to say that they can justify it by any nonsense and their electorate would welcome it . 
  to possible tusk role : i am not polish citizen , but i am dispointed wirh him . 
  he left poland in a crucial moment . 
  if he stayed last elections would not have bee such disaster . 
  ewa kopacz had no chance . 
  so i wonder he could return . 
  if they can sell to public smolensk crash as an atentate they could sell anything . 
  do you think that tusk could play any important role in polish home politics in future ? 
  nothing new : conservative party and the liberal democrats both said they would oppose tony blair 's candidature for president of the european council in 2008 . 
  not to confuse americans slovenia and slovakia should rename their countries jugoslovenia and severoslovakia . 
  explanation for non-slavic people jugo = south , severo = north, 
   smart girls who would never vote pis it means that their fear have not helped pis to win . 
  the question is who should a smart person to vote in poland . 
  the same it is here . . 
  belgians also did not think molenbeek radicals could attack in brussels . 
  americans have always terribly overrated themselves . 
  however , they changed world most by being a main engine of that globalisation hell . 
  yes , you have n't fought each other for a long time !, 
  it is not true . 
  victory of kaczynski in poland has nothing to do with a fear of terrorism . 
  they are affraid of russians and do not want be dominated by germans.a large part of them is deeply anti-liberal . 
  the political left collapsed because of corruption , like in hungary . 
  liberals failed to improve conditions for poor people , their leader donald tusk finally deserted to make a merkel 's euro-clown . 
  the catholic church has large political influence incomparable to situation in any other state . 
  it is considered eastern europe , because it was a soviet satelite state and it is considered a german semi-colony now . 
  terrorists can attack anywhere to provoke fear and chaos . 
  belgians did not suppose molenbeek radicals attack in brussels , because they let them use it as a safe har harbour . 
  they can attack for example jewish targets in prague like they attacked in bulgaria in 2012 . 
  they can attack anywhere it is possible . 
  belgiens did not suppose that molenbeek radicals would attack in brussels , because they let them use it as a safe harbour . 
  in 2012 probably a hezbolah suicide bomber attacked a bus transporting israeli tourist in bulgarian town burgas , 6 victims murdered , 32 wounded . 
  it is not true . 
  it is ex post construction based on ignorance of elementary facts . 
  first of all archduke franz ferdinand of austria , murdered by princip , would have never made such stupidity . 
  i do n't know what you mean by eastern europe . 
  i do n't live in a log cabin in the bia\u0142owieza forest . 
  i live in prague that is just in middle between berlin and wien . 
  about 25 % of area of the czech republic is closer to wien than to prague . 
  the whole territory of the czech republic is closer to berlin or to munich than majority of german territory . 
  there are no guarded borders . 
  i am used to visit germany and france . 
  i have close relatives and friends in germany . 
  my niece lives in brussels . 
  six million tourists come in prague a year , 25 million visit the whole state . 
  it is a huge uncontrolled flow of people . 
  prague is a very important destination for jewish tourists ... 
  gavrilo princip , recruited by the black hand secret society , shot two bullets in sarajevo 1914 causing an avalanche that cost millions human lives , destroyed the habsburg empire , the osman empire , induced communist revolution in russia ... 
   they want conflict between natives and muslim immigrants i do n't know , what they want . 
  however , they succeeded to provoke a serious conflict between various groups of natives and destabilize and weaken whole european union . 
  a joke is others misfortune observed from a safe distance !, 
  however , our distance is not safe . 
  so the sarcasm could be an expression of despair . 
  terrible is that even if it were only women , children , engineers and lawyers , some of them can very easily become terrorists , or have them already be .
