  [ dna shows it : birds are promiscuous ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/technology/birds-mate-life-cheat/story?id=18949572 )  unfaithfulness is still there ? 
  undoubtedly , where do you live ? 
  or are you kidding ? 
  of course it depends on culture how frequent it is . 
  in western countries people have now much more freedom and live together unmarried in various temporary relationships , sometimes `` open '' , not having children , so a classic unfaithfulness in marriage would be less frequent . 
  but despite freedom they are cheating . 
  it is not a good idea , cheating is a genetical optimalization . 
  [ dna shows it : birds are promiscuous ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/technology/birds-mate-life-cheat/story?id=18949572 ), 
  it is not high . 
  before efficient contraception was invented , it was much higher . 
  i red somewhere it was about 30 % . 
  women also were forced to marry men they did not want and there is always lack of better genes . 
  it is not only human females ' behaviour . 
  bird females very often copulate with neighbourhood male to get better genes for their offsprings . 
  it is not about a holy roman empire !, 
  it is about close collaboration of small nations living on the teritory of the former austro-hungarian empire . 
  we need no habsburgs to colaborate closely . 
  why slovakia is omitted ? 
  czech most respected politician in 19th century refused take part in the frankfurt parliament in 1848 and declared : `` if austria did not exist she would have to be invented . 
  the disintegration of the austrian state into small republics would be an invitation to german and russian imperialism . '', 
  useless crap in a situation where nobody knows exactly what to do . 
  not only uk needs access to eu market , eu countries need access to uk market too . 
  eu should start to be more openly pragmatic . 
  politics is the art of the possible . 
  try to prevent other countries to leave eu by a punishing uk is dangerous stupidity . 
  article accessible only to subscribers . 
  can op write a summary here ? 
  all the historical monuments and artworks are now a huge burden for the church . 
  maintenance is expensive , they ca n't sell it and most of artwork is now far from real contemporary expression of faith . 
  i like and admire baroque art and once i spoke enthusiastically about a church interior . 
  my friend , old priest , sighed : `` yeah , those little angels are pretty , but who should spend time wiping their little bums . '', 
  he was responsible for 20 such churches ... 
  too small number , more than year late ... 
  i am afraid that even the germans have started to realize that the rail accident is not the biggest problem that they might encounter . 
   with the country coming to a halt i do n't know what you mean by `` country coming to halt '' . 
  suspending railway transport for some hours or a day is not an emergency state lasting for many months . 
  `` tranquillizing '' by a traffic accidents statistic is absurd . 
  first of all traffic accidents and terrorist attacks ca n't be considered stochastic phenomena from point of view of a concrete person . 
  you can use statistics to plan number of policemen needed to investigate traffic accidents or to compare and evaluate behavior of traffic participants . 
  each reasonable person does n't use such statistics to evaluate and avoid danger in personal life . 
  [ `` strictly speaking , most accidents are not accidents at all : they are collisions that could and should have been avoided . 
  '' ] ( http://www.smartmotorist.com/traffic-and-safety-guideline/what-causes-car-accidents.html ) probability that a person becomes a victim of a traffic incident heavily depends on behavior of the person . 
  the vast majority of traffic accidents is caused by a intentional violation of rules , negligence and irrational behavior perpetrated by a concrete person . 
  people in fact can avoid entirely all accidents caused by their own actions . 
  we ourselves ca n't easily prevent traffic accidents caused directly or indirectly by other people . 
  but society represented by various institutions , can significantly suppress frequency of it using various precautions . 
  terrorist attacks also are not accidents at all and people feel totally helpless against it . 
  brutality and extent of attacks increases and nobody knows what islamists would do next time . 
  it is not about a statistic it is about general uncertainty raised by repeating attacks . 
  i have never heard about a car crash thar would force a french president to launch emergency state and keep it almost a year . 
  my friend was in 1981 in military service . 
  his military unit as many others was sent in november 1981 on czechoslovak-polish border . 
  i studied in that time in the university and we had each week one day military training . 
  officers openly spoke about intervention . 
  soviet union was ruled in 1981 by the same people that decided to invade czechoslovakia in 1968 and afghanistan in 1979 . 
  the situation in 1968 in czechoslovakia was incomparable with poland 1981 . 
  there was no open organized opposition against the communist party , just contrary the communist party probably had biggest support in whole history . 
  it was a reform led by communists . 
  yet the soviet leadership evaluated the situation as a major threat and decided to intervene . 
  situation in poland in 1981 was far more dangerous for political stability of whole soviet block . 
  solidarity was independent well organized force supported from the west threatening to overthrow communist regime and induce destabilisation of other communist2 countries . 
  polish territory had fundamental strategic value for soviet union , it had vital importance for soviet forces deployed in east germany . 
  i am not able to imagine soviet union to allow weakening of communist control of poland . 
  of course they preferred solution without open intervention . 
  but on the other hand if they concluded that situation is not under their control ( via loyal polish communists ) they would have intervened regardless inevitable bloodshed . 
  polish nation and whole eastern europe over general jaruzelski a lot . 
  he was communist , but also undoubtedly polish patriot and responsible prudent politician . 
  admit that jaruzelski saved poland and whole eastern europe from a catastrophe is very difficult and embarrassing for polish opposition leaders , because it would mean they were irresponsible freaks . 
  jaruzelski succeeded to oppress solidarity so easily because everybody was affraid what would happen if he did not succeed . 
   local authorities have previously said their goal was to reduce the number of camp inhabitants to about 1,500 . 
  it is absurd !, 
  authorities can have only one goal : no ilegal camp !, 
  otherwise it is abuse of their power . 
  authorities ca n't have as a goal preserving illegal state . 
  i wish czechoslovakia had somebody like general jaruzelski in 1968 to prevent it . 
  dub\u010dek was a dumb leftist idealist . 
  from spring 1968 czechoslovak communist leaders received multiple warnings , but they decided to ignore it , not believing their soviet commarades could do anything wrong . 
  in 17.8.1968 hungarian communist leader kadar personally met dub\u010dek to warn him . 
  policy should always stay the art of possible . 
  if jaruzelski did not launch martial law , soviets and their satelites ( including czechoslovakia ) would have invaded poland . 
  polish nation would have had more heroes in unnamed graves and following crisis would have prevented anything like gorbachev 's reforms . 
  it is very probable that soviet union would have existed up to now controlling eastern europe . 
  east german leader ulbricht demanded invasion long time beforehand . 
  gdr army was to be part of the invasion , but soviets finally decided to prevent it for political reasons , they wanted avoid association with 1939 german occupation . 
  from military point of view it was perfect operation . 
  however there was a group of communist politicians and members of the secret police collaborating with soviets . 
  they were informed in advance and helped soviets . 
  a group of them was in the airport . 
  soviet ambassador informed us president johnson one hour before operation started . 
  western inteligence services did not suppose invasion , or it is said so , who knows . 
   fascism has a definition . 
  nonsense . 
  there are very various different explications . 
  for a legal purpose could be used s `` definition '' to decide if somebody should be punished for something . 
  like a historic , political and social phenomenon it ca n't have any exact definition . 
  also if it is used as an insult it also has no eaxact definition . 
  however all european fascist movements and political ideologies are fundamentally different from islam and islamism . 
  because core of islam and islamism is a religion . 
  have you ever heard of a fascists who committed a suicide attack beleiving he would get in a paradise where 72 virgins would entertain him ? 
  in the context of islam the umma is a community of believers , it is not a `` race '' .
