  historic experience shows that ethnical identity is very resistent and ca n't be replaced with other type of identification . 
  and to switch a national/ethnical / tribal identity is very difficult task , even people that hate their ethnic identity or are embarassed by it ca n't simply throw it , because it is inseparable part of them . 
  people can have many identities simultaneously , some of them hierarchically organized . 
  they are everywhere in small amount , but becuse they don \u00b4 t hang flags , everybody thinks they are polish or russians . 
  czech expats are mostly in slovakia , germany and austria . 
  never heard about czech expats hanging flags on a balcony . 
  and in czech republic private people use national flag almost only if there is an international sport match . 
  and some nationalist freaks at demonstrations . 
  their things are our things too for many reasons having very long history . 
  turkish territory is strategically most important for european security not only because of current refugees and migrants crisis.there is quite large part of turkish society that shares our values and they need our support and solidarity just now . 
  if turkey is controlled by islamic dictature it would be more dangerous than communist dictature in ester europe were . 
  there are milions of turks in germany and signification part of them is identified more with turkey and erdogan than with germany and german government . 
  erdogan was nearly killed during the coup attempt . 
  if he is realy religious it would enforce his islamic belief that allah fights on his side and he would lose any restraint what would be very dangerous not only for turkish citizens . 
  his otomaniac visions and his admiration for certain adolf is horrible threat . 
  it is evidence of large activities of secret services running very long time before . 
  it is very similar to situation in czechoslovakia in 1948 when communists took explicitly power after 3 years being leaders of coalition government and controlling police and secret services . 
  what formal legal base erdogan uses for this purge ? 
  has turkey laws that make possible sack people in this way or is it pure `` revolutionary '' violence ? 
  and if it is formally i legal , how is it possible that no western politician does n't strongly enough react ? 
  of course the military coup was illegal , but it does n't legalize mass persecution of all that only have critical opinions . 
  putin is undoubtly very competent . 
  but he pushes russian geopolitical interests not american . 
  he is able very efficiently and flexibly use limited forces and resources that russia has . 
  see crimea and syria and compare it to usa , what they reached being single superpower . 
  if us prezident after soviet fall were competent as putin is there would not have been such mess like now . 
  democratic system is dependent on ability to reach compromises acceptable for large majority of society . 
  it requires certain basical level of common views , efficient communication , mutual understanding and various common structures in society . 
  society splitted into too antagonistic , not communicating groups ca n't manage itself in a democratic way . 
  that was main problem of austro-hungarian empire and it was and is and always was main european problem . 
  edit : that 's, 
  hard time is comming in whole europe . 
  this is only a smaller part of it . 
  we have almost no competent leaders , eu striped states of important functions , that it is not able execute now , when eu neighbourhood falls in turmoil . 
  it is too large and too inhomogeneous and complex to be managed democratically , but it ca n't be managed by a dictatorship too . 
  the economic system is in crisis , which raises doubts about the basic principles . 
  politic is mixture of absurd idealism and cynical counting on media manipulation . 
  social media and other easy and fast communication systems have changed the process of public opinion formation into an irrational mess inducing quick radical changes of opinion . 
  no doubts that most of the refugees and migrants are desperate people hoping to find a safe place , where they could live with dignity in peace . 
  but also no doubts , that they are heavily traumatised , stressed out and frustrated . 
  they are strangers that lost everything they had including all social relationships being now in world that they ca n't understand not only because of language . 
  no doubts , that only a small part would convert their frustration into aggression . 
  however 1 percent of million is ten thousands . 
  and where should go now all these people that are against erdogan ? 
  i it is 40 % of turkish citizens it is 32 million people !, 
  sorry i have no ( simple ) answer for all this . 
  nobody have and our current political leaders not at all !, 
  no churchill , no de gaulle in horizont . 
  it looks like there are only two sufficiently inteligent and competent leaders in europe now : merkel and putin . 
  but i do n't like them both . 
  and future in usa ? 
  madame clinton yet spoiled what she could , including her e - mails . 
  and mr. trump ... 
  in 1878 russians were able to take constatinople , but britain send navy to prevent it . 
  each country has its political history that determines present possibilities especially in serious crisis . 
  erdogan led country to catastrophe and the military coup is the last chance to prevent it . 
  erdogan played with fire supporting islamism and crushing opposition , playing with kurds . 
  the question is if turkish army is strong enough to pacify country because erdogan weakened it and radical islamists have infiltrated country . 
  gorbachev made same stupidity . 
  they are so goddamn poor because they have so many children . 
  and so many children they have because avoiding having children is distrust in god . 
  how can you see , this kind of manipulation is now producing negative reaction . 
  the question was  how are women more valuable based on reproductive terms ? 
  so the answer is that from point of reproduction fertile helthy females are more valuable then males because female reproductive rate is by two orders lower then male . 
   how are women more valuable based on reproductive terms really surprising that anybody needs to explain it : one man can father several children in one day , with several women ofcourse . 
  one woman needs 9 month from conception to delivery and then she should not conceive at least several further months . 
  from biological point of view a woman can have at maximum 15 children during her life , a man can have thousands . 
  regardless all controversies and historic injustice scotsmen and scotland are important part of uk . 
  if you become an `` independent '' direct member of eu you would be another small state and nation like slovakia , slovenia or lithuania in eu controlled by germany assisted by france . 
  do you really think you would be able push and defend your interests in eu easier then in uk ? 
  the question is what actions should be taken . 
  after gavrilo princip assassinated franz ferdinand d'este austro-hungarian empire took actions that led to its destruction and communist revolution in russia , millions of people killed , crippled and psychically traumatised . 
  western actions after 2001 attacks are show of suicidal craziness , ideologically motivated stupidity , self overrating , deep ignorance of other societies and cultures . 
  i do n't agree with all what you write . 
  it is war with people identified with a very dangerous ideology but not war of civilizations . 
  that ideology is not something obscure from past . 
  it is part of revolt against globalization and many western concepts that are questionable because societies based on it are in crisis now . 
  but reduce the problem to a `` war of civilizations '' is stupidity . 
  real life is not a hollywood movie . 
  and we ca n't and must not `` destroy '' people having different culture . 
  this is a strange war , but war . 
  there is no simple fast way to make us safe as we were before . 
  it is like in ww ii when people died in bombing . 
  it is horrible , it will be worse and not only in france , but we must not shit ourselves . 
  we must not panick , we must not attack innocent people . 
  it 's time for bravery . 
  bravery is about self-control despite fears . 
  this attack is not attack on french citizens in nice , it is attack on each of us to frighten us off , to provoke us to make horrible mistakes . 
  despite this we must stay calm to be strong . 
  i do n't understand how at all can be sharia councils , that are de facto sharia courts , legal in a country that is member of the european council and till now of the eu . 
  yeah , come and drop in for a chat and chaj / tsai !, 
  for the past fifty years i saw a lot of emotional gestures , that changed nothing in fact . 
  this my experience starts in 1968 after soviet army invaded my country and i had opportunity first time to see what people do when they ca n't do anything . 
  he acts like a clown , because americans are easily fooled by hype , but he is not a moron . 
  strictly covered hair is not about niquab or chador only , it is about hijab or other such scarfs . 
  see erdogan ' s wife in all pictures . 
  i think that covering woman 's hair in public is a general request and expression of modesty in islam . 
  czech , slovaks , catalonians and other smaller eu nations that had in past defend usage of their languages should support corsicans strongly . 
  if you `` weight '' something in practical life you are interested in mass that expresses `` amount '' of potatoes or ham not in gravitational force . 
  you only use a calibrated instrument based on method of indirect mass measurement from gravitational force .
