  you can see it on classifying different guerillas in syria . 
  a difference between a terrorist group and a `` moderate opposition '' is given only by a relationship to external powers . 
   russian submarine patrols had risen by almost 50 percent over the past year they test systematically western defence systems response to learn how to overcome it . 
  it is a standard spying practice . 
   the language of the eu , is english the world and internet language is english . 
  it was not commanded by a decree , it happended so and it is useful . 
  i pitty native english speakers to hear and read this international `` english '' . 
  they must bear it to pay for the advantage they need not learn a foreign language . 
  ------ edit : i like opera . 
  some czech operas are now performed in `` czech '' by foreign singers . 
  it is an ordeal to hear dvo\u0159\u00e1k 's rusalka or jan\u00e1\u010dek 's operas as a strange flow of squawks . 
  it is not only european lingua franca , it is world wide and it is language of internet . 
  google `` translation '' . 
  i hope a native speaker ( it is not an american ) could correct it ... 
  it is intersting text . 
  ----- the time when umberto eco could say that `` the language of europe is translation '' belongs to the distant past . 
  today , he finds that `` the language of the eu , is english . '', 
  those who dare to be surprised by or protest , are returned to their mediocrity , their nationalism , their rejection of modernity , their franchouillardise ( that 's for the french ) . 
  of course , we still have 23 other official languages in the eu , but , seen from brussels and frankfurt , it is much tribal languages , survival of the old nation-states , doomed to be sacrificed on the altar a community building that will or will not be english . 
  in a few years , thanks to the great enlargement of 2004-2007 , english has become the lingua franca , although this was never discussed by anyone , not only within the european administrations , but also vis - \u00e0-vis citizens . 
  if a european does not master the subtleties of english , he can not know what is happening in brussels . 
  thus , the commission 's website , the union government , is almost exclusively in english . 
  this is justified by explaining that it can not translate everything in all languages , given the costs involved . 
  this is false : the translation is 60 cents per person per year . 
  a straw in terms of what brussels spends on communication actions without interest whose budgets might usefully be reassigned . 
  in addition , several other institutions manage to maintain some degree of multilingualism is the case of the european parliament , the council of ministers or of the court of justice . 
  above all , the commission as if the union was a kind of voting un resolutions , so she decides to standards that will apply in the twenty-eight member states . 
  however , national laws must still be written in the local language . 
  the problem is a set of 500 million inhabitants can it be conducted in a language that only a minority control , minority still may decrease if the uk left the eu ? 
  is it a coincidence that the german banks have recently decided to speak only in german at the ecb , to oversee , because we never explains better than his tongue ? 
  the commission does think i have enough legitimacy to impose english in all european peoples without prior deliberation ? 
  the answer is obvious : it is playing a dangerous game by confirming day after day , that europe is a foreign affair to the states and peoples composing . 
  this is why governments , including french , ceased to fight against this drift : they are found , basically , qu'avantages . 
  the more europe becomes incomprehensible , in the true sense of the word , the more they become masters of european narrative . 
  rising euroscepticismes there is partly his explanation : how to accept to be led in a language we do not understand , foreign language as a system of values that is not from a linguistic compromise , as has long been the case , where , for example , recurring charges in france ` european ultra-liberalism '' ? 
  the english , or rather the `` globish '' , will perhaps one day impoverished language of europeans . 
  but no directive will impose . 
  i read 5 replies following this reply . 
  however , i have to return to this first . 
  breivik is both a terrorist and mass murder . 
  he perpetrated a mass murder with an intention to spread terror and to evocate a response in society . 
  he wanted to gain a public attention to his ideas and his dread and to move the society to act against immigration and immigrants . 
  in the period after his act motives of his crime are intentionally played down and the act of mass murder is presented as a core of the problem . 
  his motives are related to very sensitive politic themes especially now in the migration crisis . 
  his motives are mostly packed under a `` fascist '' label not to be discussed . 
  that is the reason why the terrorist aspect of his crime is not discussed . 
   turkish dominated neighbourhood in amsterdam i would prefer fearless protestant dutch speaking dutch dancing with clogs in amsterdam and neighbourhood . 
  it is not easy decide whether a person is responsible or not . 
  see olga hepnarov\u00e1 case https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/olga_hepnarov%c3%a1 to decide for example if sex offender is no me dangerous is also very hard . 
  we do n't punish people recognized not responsible for their acts . 
  however they can be locked for rest of life to protect others . 
   there 's a lot of fanatic neo nazis in prisons ... do you thing he should school them ? 
   professionals he undoubtedly has a professional care . 
  he demands `` normal '' inmates to be with him in a direct contact . 
  would you be happy to share a room wit him ? 
  i understand it well . 
  but french must stop care about such formal symbols like a rag on a had . 
  if a girl wants to look like a russian babushka , it is her business . 
  you must go to the root of things . 
  there is not time for sentiment or crazy dance round an unimportant symbol . 
  it could mean many things if she wears it : superficial conformity , fear not wear it , symbolic expression of a fundamentalism ... france must first prevent indoctrination in mosques and in internet and not to care about impact on an outfit . 
   effectively they believe there are no `` good '' or `` bad '' people . 
  just `` sick '' people who need `` love '' . 
  i think it is more complicated . 
  it is not about good / bad / sick people but about a theory of justice https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/justice look at `` utilitarianism '' `` retributivism '' and `` restorative justice '' pargraphs in the text . 
  what i have written is close to retributivism . 
  and i think that such cases like breivik shows that `` utilitarianism '' and `` restorative justice '' fails facing such extraordinary crimes like a mass murder perpatraded for `` politic '' or `` religious '' reason . 
  children upbringing is very far from punishment of criminals . 
  it is fundamentally different thing . 
  punishment of criminals is first of all about justice . 
  society makes you pay for a crime . 
  society responds to a crime by a punishment . 
  as a person you can ( should ) forgive , you can forget . 
  as a judge you must not !, 
  you must evaluate all circumstances to consider measure of guiltiness but you must not let it be . 
  if you destroy life of someone else you shall pay for it . 
  the question is only a price . 
  in past it was death for a destroyed life . 
  now european societies prefer long term prison . 
  however the principle is the same . 
  justice is not about correcting somebody !, 
  of course it is important to try use time of punishment to correct or reform perpetrator if it is possible . 
  however it is not the punishment . 
  it is additional to a punishment . 
  punishing breivik is not about educating him or correcting him . 
  if you succeed to correct him , to reform him to be internally convinced he perpetrated a horrifying crime and not a heroic deed , how he could live with it hereafter ? 
  he has only two choices : to stay in his pervert world or suicide . 
  only a religion could help him , like hans frank that returned to catholic belief , but i am afraid he is too far from it . 
  his punishment is preventing him to repeat crime and it is reprisal for the crime he perpetrated . 
  1.2 million people having dutch citizenship and living inside the country not speaking dutch signalizes clearly that there are two very different societies , in fact two different separated nations . 
  the dutch-not-speaking society is closed and its members do n't need to know dutch language in their everyday life . 
  if they needed it they would have learned it . 
  i am afraid that it is too late to change it !, 
  and if you compare birth rates ... now i better understand why some dutch people ( speaking dutch , looking like a dutch , thrifty like a dutch , just like dutch were used to be in good old times ) buy here in czech republic immobility . 
  to be a native dutch is not the same as to be a native american . 
  same word but a very different concept . 
  it is not a personal reprisal . 
  it is a reprisal of whole society represented by prosecutor and judge . 
  i tried to understand it so i extracted some parts of text :  experience of stigmatisation  universities should ban the headscarf  a majority of french people believed islam was incompatible with the values of the republic  demystify the headscarf  give voice to those we talk about all the time but who are never heard  hijab day at sc po . 
  so when is there going to be a sharia day ?
