  only angela merkel is a partner for him . 
  she made many serious mistakes but she is a personality . 
  viktor orban could be considered a statesman but hungary is small . 
  holland and cameron are tragicomic ... and us presidents after reagan too . 
  it is very bitter, 
  russians priority is stabilize and enforce secular assad regime . 
  without it they could do nothing , they need a ground force there . 
  assad is the only one , the rest is messy tribal and islamic chaos or al quaeda , see list of syrian opposition forces in wikipedia . 
  assad is not saddam , there are many people that do n't want sharia regime and assad is the only one non islamist having real force . 
  from 6 millions inner refugees majority lives in assad zone . 
  he is a tyrant , but better then any sharia-freak . 
  to establish democracy in syria is impossible now . 
  there are only three possible future variants : secular dictature , shariat supported by saudis and erdogan , chaos like in libya . 
  that is the reason why desperate syrian go in europe . 
  now assad and russians used the temporary truce to fight isis . 
  geneva conference ca n't bring anything . 
  if opposition taking part in it accepts a compromise radicals like al nusra retake most figters and they will try to continue war . 
  assad and russians would try to defeat them , but saudis and erdogan would try prevent it . 
  because of elections usa is paralysed to november . 
  and after it if clinton was not president nobody knows what us foreigner policy could be . 
  and if she wins all this moslem machos would be offended to respect a woman in such position . 
  mr kerry and mr obama are a 2nd class politicians in comparison with mr putin . 
  he is able to play thinking about many moves in advance and many variants . 
  but i think that their main goal in syria is prevent any islamic -- sharia state succeed there . 
  it would be very dangerous for them because it could disrupt post-soviet states in central asia and enforce muslim radicals in russia itself . 
  and their actions prevented turkey to invade north syria and create 100 km strip where they wanted smash kurds . 
   they were disbanded not by sultan . 
  more than 100 years latter . 
  catherine the great betrayed them ... and now descendants of them make an effort to recovery . 
  mr cameon failed . 
  he opened a pandora box . 
  it is public-service broadcaster . 
  it seems me to be a prove of low contact with the real world and life . 
  and his advisors are either stupid or intimidated . 
  it is very dangerous . 
  downing russian aircraft was also incredibly absurd but very dangerous act . 
  zaporozhian cossacks were successfully raiding wealthy merchant port cities in the ottoman empire in time of sultan mehmed iv . 
  they were not submitted anybody . 
  if they `` corresponded '' with sultan or not who knows . 
  legends have some facts inside . 
  it is a symbolic story about their love to freedom . 
  and the picture is great art . 
  that is all . 
  all our discussion started with my remark `` the problem is not a statistics . 
  the problem is that going by metro you are thinking if you survive it or not . '', 
  it was about an unavoidable psychological and political impact of these attacks and other problems related to not integrated muslims in europe . 
  and it is something you ca n't solve using any statistics or nonsensically used `` probability '' . 
  then i tried to explain you that concept of probability is possible to use meaningfully only if you speak about random or quasi-random events . 
  incidence of skin cancer could be considered quasi-random if you for example plan organization of medical care . 
  terroristic attacks ca n't be considered random at all !, 
  any discussion using `` probability '' in this context is principally absurd . 
  one more example absurd using probability -- security of nuclear power plants . 
  politics and engineers promoting nuclear power plants were used to support it by numbers estimating `` probability '' of a severe accident . 
  i am sure that these numbers were results of very sophisticated algorithms . 
  but there were up to now three serious accidents : 1979 three mile island , usa , severity 5 1986 chernobyl , ussr , severity 7 2011 fukushima , japan , severity 7 three mile island and chernobyl accidents were statistically `` impossible '' . 
  fukushima anti-tsunami `` defence '' was based on `` probability '' of tsunami height . 
  and you ca n't use `` probability '' in practical life : there are some numerical evaluations of contraceptive methods reliability . 
  regardless of these numbers any heterosexual couple have together ( ! ), 
  consider before they have sex , what they would do if contraception fails . 
  otherwise they behave like irresponsible idiots . 
  i prefere the repin 's picture to text . 
  dmitri shostakovich used this text in a 8 . part of his 14th symphony , search you tube for it so it is possible to send an acoustical greeting . 
  each german should send erdogan a postcard with reproduction of ilya repin 's picture : the zaporozhian cossacks write a letter to the sultan of turkey it is a great pice of art and a very funny story . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reply_of_the_zaporozhian_cossacks https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/ilja_jefimowitsch_repin_-_reply_of_the_zaporozhian_cossacks_-_yorck.jpg, 
  in 1968 three weeks before soviets invaded czechoslovakia leonid brezhnev demanded confiscation of a czech magazine , because it contained a caricature of him . 
  the czech prime minister asked minister of interior to do it . 
  but the minister refused it because censorship was abolished ... a lesson to learn ? 
  20 years ago a high ranked police prague officer was found in a basement of his house 15 times stabed in chest and hunged by a noose around the neck . 
  it was closed as a suicide . 
  and three yars ago a beautiful girl `` killed herself '' stabbing at least six times just in heart . 
  very handy people ... 
  the concept of probability could be meaningfully used only for evaluation of random or quasi-random events . 
  otherwise it says nothing . 
  a traffic accident is not a random event . 
  a terrorist attack is not a random event . 
  you can calculate relative number of traffic accidents per 1000 inhabitants in a state , per 1000 km of existing roads , per 1000 voyages , per 1000 km went by transport device etc. 
  each number is different and says nothing about my life , nothing about events that happen in my life . 
  a `` probability '' of my death in a traffic accident derived from such numbers is meaningless . 
  a traffic accident killing me is not a random event . 
  it is a result of my own behaviour and possibly a result of behaviour of someone else . 
  for example i need not a car and so i do n't have it . 
  i travel walking , by tram , metro , train , bus , taxi , sometimes in a borrowed car or go in a car driven by someone else . 
  i do n't know how many km i go per year . 
  the number of all traffic accidents killing people in the czech republic , where i live , says nothing about my life . 
  i use the metro in prague every day . 
  it works for 44 years . 
  i do n't know exact number of people that died in accidents in the prague metro system . 
  during that 44 years died only people that fell or jumped under a metro train . 
  it is 3 - 6 people per year . 
  most of cases are suicides . 
  a suicide is a deliberately act and it has nothing to do with standard usage of metro . 
  rest of a very small number of accidents is caused by a very risky behaviour ( drunkenness for example , some stupid children went between metro wagons etc. 
  ) , some very rare cases are caused by health failures that resulted in a fall of a person under a train . 
  there was only one derailment with passengers on board in slow speed and nobody was wounded , no other crashes of trains with passengers happened . 
  so any ratio of accidents in prague metro system , that could be calculated and that could really endanger my life , is effectively zero . 
  some violent criminal attacks happen , but pickpocketing prevails . 
  i remember only one murder in metro . 
  a policeman was stabbed by a possibly mentally insane foreigner . 
  before murdering the policeman the man threw in tracks a hand grenade that exploded but nobody was wounded . 
  he also wounded a passenger that prevented him to kill a policewoman .
