  the ex-muslim woman ( she is from dubai and lives in california ) wrote an intersting article that makes me doubt humanization of islam . 
  there is one czech ex-muslim , that studied islam in germany . 
  he is now a very loud anti-islam activist ( not antiislamist only ) and a catholic convert . 
  but his study was payed by saudis so maybe he did n't study at reformists . 
  look at this `` testimony '' , it is by an ex-muslim woman of arabic origin . 
  i am a catholic ( by origin at least ) and i know a lot about judaism too . 
  abrahamic religions are inevitably political forces , because the core of it is a theocracy . 
  god is the only source of true power and law . 
  the israeli kingdom having a human king was forced by ignorant people , jesus is christ pantocrator . 
  secularization of europe is not a result of a transformation of the christian church , it is a result of a rebellion against it and it was not a peaceful process realized in university classrooms ... 
  and stupid european politics demand to weaken political influence of the turkish army ... does it mean that turkish society in major cities is very different than in rural area and in small towns ? 
  only inhabitants of large cities are identified with democracy ? 
  ideological foundations of islamism are identical with islam . 
  islam is a political ideology based on very primitive transformation of judaism . 
  muhamad himself was a first islamist , he started tu build first a islamic state . 
  if it is possible to transform islam into a religion comaptible with european secularism it would take very long time , several generations , and it could be realized by muslims and ex-muslims themselves , not forced from outside . 
  secularization in europe started in the end 17th century and for example in poland the catholic church is still an important political force . 
  it looks like mr. erdogan tends to autocracy and islam uses as an instrument , but it is very dangerous play in present situation . 
  the current mass immigration is not the cause of current violence . 
  it is a threat for future , current violence is a result of former immigration that created big minorities in france and belgium . 
  it looks like the current young generation of muslims is identified with islam more then their parents . 
  their parents came in europe being mostly religious only formally . 
  but they faced european libertarian agnostic or atheistic culture , from their point of view very immoral . 
  they were afraid of their children to be spoiled and they supposed that the best protection could be religious education . 
  to be identified with islam means to reject westernization at all its aspects because the west is rotten and immoral . 
  muslims that are socially excluded are excluded by themselves because they do n't want identify themselves with the `` rotten '' west that in addition murders muslim brothers all over the world , supports zionists etc. 
  what current migrants would do in future is difficult to predict because they have different experience and they can see what disaster radical islam causes . 
  but the huge number of immigrants makes impossible their integration , not speaking about assimilation . 
  is turkish army still able to be a protector of secularism ? 
  women are different . 
  i do n't like this tradition and i did it only , when i was little boy , because everybody did it . 
  several years ago i had a girlfriend that was a little bit `` hysteric '' . 
  as usually i decided to ignore this custom and she made a big scene because of it . 
  she reproached me with not loving her . 
  she was very offended ... 
  `` the only cure to radical islamism is stronger laicism . '', 
  yes !, 
  yes , so called european solution . 
  the only problem is that it is not european but merkel 's and it is not a solution but delusion . 
  hillary clinton could be the last pro-british us president , because white anglo-saxon protestants are loosing their power and position gradually . 
  however the englishmen could learn spanish too . 
  is it called britanistan or west pakistan now ? 
  stay home please , try to learn czech language first , we are not multiculturalists !, 
  slovaks only need not to learn czech !, 
  i do n't understand your question . 
  try it again , please !, 
  you are changing fliers !, 
  i have no problem with russians , i have no problem with swedes , i have no problem with germans . 
  and you are a not germanized german swedish . 
  you are swedish , because your parents are swedish . 
  you are a german swedish , because you live and was born in germany . 
  and you are not germanized , because you speak swedish . 
  so your identity is complex . 
  it sounds terrible but life is not easy . 
  being a german non germanized swede , why do you use a russian flier ? 
  ` are you an absent-minded fsb agent ? 
  my nation live in a very close ( sometimes too close ) contact with germans more then thousand years , so we know that they are able to do really great absurdities with a great thoroughness . 
  current situation reminds me their effort at stalingrad . 
  a joke is a somebody else 's disaster observed from a secure distance . 
  i am affraid that we live too close , it 's difficult to smile . 
  will you backfill the tunnel too ? 
  it is a laughable nonsense . 
  religion engeneering ca n't work . 
  religion is not a cat that you could domesticate . 
  current position of christianity and particular churches in the european society is a result of two thousands years history . 
  from 17th century religion step by step loses it 's role as a main integrating force in europe . 
  it was a long process , very violent sometimes . 
  first it resulted in 19th century ideologies like liberalism , nationalism , socializm , marxism , national-socialism , that worked as secular religions . 
  now we have hedonism , erotism , feminism-gendrism , liberalism degenerated into libertarianism and a malicious secular religion called multiculturalism united with faith in something very unclear called european values . 
  declaring `` unity in diversity '' we are falling in chaos . 
  an united society managing itself in a democratic way requires ability to find consensus and it requires a common culture . 
  a too heterogeuous society can be managed by an autocratic or mandarin system only , because it is difficult to achieve consensus . 
  i think that it is impossible to reduce islam into a private religion complying with a secular and hedonistic society , that declares itself tolerant , but it is ignoring roots of human ex\u00edstence including basic simple facts , that we are a kind of mammals . 
  islam brings a new type of heterogeneity that is very difficult to manage in european context . 
  the salafist version of islam is principally against liberalism and accompanied european ideas and it is a base of all current movement in islamic countries and it has naturally strong influence on young moslems in europe . 
  i am affraid they would smile of an euro-islam . 
  did n't she ? 
  cap is a big problem also for my country and i know that story well . 
  in that time i listened bbc more then average english people and in some way admired margaret thatcher . 
  now i am much more critical toward her and her followers . 
  in czech literature is a funny short story about a dead cat that speaks . 
  she answers all questions in a strictly logical way . 
  the question `` how to prevent a corn mildew ? '', 
  the cat answers `` burn all existing corn ant do n't grow it any more ! '', 
  and thatcher probably had such a cat in her handbag and listened her cautiously . 
  the uk could have much more influence in europe if their politicians were more clever using more sophisticated strategy , manipulative and long lasting . 
  they ca n't use a gun boat diplomacy . 
  such effort ends in vain or in a catastrophe like this last absurd comedy performed by mr. cameroon because of the brexit referendum, 
  sorry but you do n't understand me well . 
  if i was british i would sing british anthem because it is a very important symbol of unity and identity regardless my private view of monarchy and abusing religion . 
  i am only happy that czech anthem is a very neutral text . 
  we ca n't choose such symbols ourselves , creation of such symbols is a long process that we have not in our hands individually . 
  our anthem is a special result of a collective national spontaneous process , not the text or music but the acceptance of it as a national anthem . 
  we have here a royal crown called the crown of saint wenceslaw . 
  it is the most important symbol of our country . 
  the concept is that this crown owns all the country , the official name of the country was the lands of czech crown up to 1918 . 
  the crown itself is property of saint wenceslaw and must stay placed on his scull in the prague cathedral and any king can only borrow it for a coronation act that should be only in the cathedral . 
  this crown is respected and worshiped by everyone even though we have no king now . 
  it is put on display only at special occasions and people stay hours in a queue to see it for a short moment not only because it is beautiful piece of art decorated with jewels . 
  it is a symbol that connects us with all our history from 10th century when saint wenceslaw lived , each czech king was coronated by it from 1346 to 1836 .
