  communication and data processing technologies influenced not only production and trade but also `` opinion making '' mechanisms in the society , making democratic processes unpredictable , volatile and easy influenced by various manipulations . 
  the fall of the soviet block made possible to sell the western politic system as victorious and optimal solution . 
  fall of the soviet `` communism '' was used for propaganda hiding or trivializing principal problems and internal conflicts of the system related to liberal economic principles and globalization . 
  these problems are now back on the table but much more serious . 
  marcon 's power is based on ad hoc pragmatic `` project '' movement , which is `` not-crystallized '' enough mass of people , despite pretending political party structure . 
  i am afraid they got to power too quickly and easy to be able govern efficiently and deliver results satisfying or at least acceptable for their supporters . 
  preventing le pen to rule and filon 's unscrupulous greed is a negative source of their election victory that ca n't be long lasting support needed for radical reforms of everything they promised . 
  inevitable inner development of his movement can be also source of instability . 
  the whole french society is deeply divided but they need cooperation and unity of much higher level that they were able in past . 
  to keep power and unity he could be forced to take very authoritative position , but he is not de gaulle to be forgiven for it . 
  tldr : macron is a child of a deep and broad crisis ; he can succeed only taking a very authoritative position keeping a democratic fa\u00e7ade to become a `` lord '' of the crisis . 
  i doubt it is possible in france now . 
  we should not ridicule them . 
  their effort looks like don quixote fighting windmills if we consider present situation of islam and history of it . 
  but such effort is very important because of reactions to it and rejection of it . 
  they put a problem on the table in the way that ca n't be ignored by islam authorities . 
  they must say no !, 
  aloud , because it is principally unislamic ; liberalism and islam are principally incompatible . 
  the core of the problem is not about burqua or position of women in the society . 
  it is about authority issuing rules and laws . 
  it is about contradiction of theocracy and self-ruling human society . 
  the core of islam - tawhid , an extreme conception of monotheism , is the central point of the conflict . 
  see for example the political system of iran . 
  there are all democratic institutions and instruments but there is also something in addition - the guardian council of the constitution . 
  and you can read in the iranian constitution this principles ( quoted after wikipedia ) : islamic republic as a system based on belief in : the one god , his exclusive sovereignty and right to legislate , and the necessity of submission to his commands ; divine revelation and its fundamental role in setting forth the laws ; ... ... the justice of god in creation and legislation ; continuous leadership and perpetual guidance , ... continuous leadership of the holy persons , possessing necessary qualifications , exercised on the basis of the quran and the sunnah , upon all of whom be peace ; sciences and arts and the most advanced results of human experience , ... . 
  this is not an ideology specific for iran . 
  the total subordination of society , its institutions and laws to the god through the mediation of `` holy persons , possessing necessary qualifications , exercised on the basis of the quran and the sunnah '' is directly derived from the tawhid . 
  western countries have constitutions based on the democratic principle , that for example in the czech constitution sounds : \u201e all state authority emanates from the people ; they exercise it through legislative , executive , and judicial bodies . `` how can people subdue to a constitution based on authority `` emanated from the people '' if they are required by their religion to subdue to his exclusive sovereignty and right to legislate , and to his commands expressed divine revelation ? 
  * this is not an easy task for christians of course , but this reply is not about relationship of christianity to democracy . 
  we should be aware , that whole history of christianity was searching of working relationship between the church and secular power . 
  jesus was accused by jewish authorities that he contradicts caesar and he defended himself saying `` my kingdom is not of this world '' . 
  what does it mean for people living in this world , christian philosophers and theologians searched from the time of apostles . 
  after christianity was accepted by the roman empire as tool to clue society and state there was always rivalry and competition for the power . 
  the french revolution pushed religion out of the political system and christianity become something accepted as a vague `` moral '' background or fought as an obscurantist enemy ; it depends on a personal disposition . 
  this history reveals , why including islam in the western society is so difficult . 
  if you say people in eastern europe that they should take migrants because western europe took people fleeing comunism from eastern europe in past it is not a convincing argument , because people living in eastern europe are those who did n't flee despite all the history . 
  chemical weapons : in the case of syria i do n't believe anything `` proved '' by us , french or british `` intelligence evidence '' . 
  barell bombs are dangerous and efficient but not banned . 
  usa used in vietnam , present iraqi army used it too . 
  bombing and killing civilians is called a `` collateral damage '' , see present battles of raqqa and mosul . 
  it is unavoidable if militants use a town as a fortress preventing civilians to flee . 
  i do n't say assad is a philanthropist . 
  syria is a country full of very brutal people and horrible violence have a long history there . 
  but i do n't know how to defend against islamists / jihadists without cruelty and enormous force . 
  there is no space for agreements with them . 
  west , saudis and turkey gave ( and give ) them weapons . 
  `` moderate '' syrian rebels are all jihadists , their goal is a state under sharia law . 
   authorise repeated gas attacks prove ? 
  did you meet him ? 
  some yes , some no !, 
  which of them ? 
  how many of them ? 
  by the way people living in eastern europe are those or descendants of those who did n't fled despite communism and genocide wars . 
  help does n't mean let them to move them in europe . 
  if the war is in big towns the causalities are big and rebels ( not only isis ) prevent people leave it . 
  syria was not state that was possible to rule simply like a democratic country . 
  it was too complicated and fragmentated full of conflicts some lasting hundreds of years . 
  see [ the list of armed groups in syria ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_armed_groups_in_the_syrian_civil_war ) . 
  rebels fight not only assad . 
  they fight mutually even being besieged by pro assad forces . 
  should assad let the country people that state `` islam is the solution '' , and `` allah is our objective ; the qur ` an is the constitution ; the prophet is our leader ; jihad is our way ; death for the sake of allah is our wish '' . ? 
  usa have to relay on ypg , that is related to ideology considered at least extremely leftist . 
  saudis support the worst jihadists and turkey would ally `` shaitan '' to prevent kurdish autonomy . 
  everybody there prepatriate war crimes there every day . 
  usa used allegedly white phosphorus bombing raqqa . 
  sf killed children trying to get from raqqua ( not intentionally ) . 
  it would not be so simple because there are too many different intersets . 
  turkey , saudi , iraq , iran , israel , usa , europe , russia . 
  poor syrian people , nobody cares about them . 
  but it is very good that france understands finally what is russian reason for intervention . 
  the fear of collapse is also main motive why assad did n't give it up . 
  he is not such monster as western propaganda depicts him . 
  he knew what is at stake and what forces are in the game . 
  a large part of them were not married comming here ( they were too young ) , so they would have to go back to find a woman from their nation . 
  if you knew urdu , pastho , farsi , somali etc. 
  you could make a fortune in europe now . 
   wait till the refugees reproduce in 2015 75 % of migrants were single young men !, 
  humans does n't reproduce asexually . 
  this is another puzzle i did n't hear how it should be resolved . 
  should we limit them to a street `` catcalling '' ? 
  adaptation to a culture is not asimilation or acceptance of values . 
  it can be about creating a parallel culture keeping maximum of autonomy and waiting for sufficient population growth . 
  because there was always just opposite flow of money . 
  but it say nothing about catholic church influence . 
  muslim institutions and communities never will be `` our '' . 
  it is a deep misunderstanding of islam to think it . 
   helping those in need there are hundreds of millions in need . 
  shall we move them in europe ? 
  i deeply agree with orban in this . 
  schengen transferred protection of our borders to other states . 
  they are bound to protect external borders by the treaty . 
  now they say it is impossible to protect it . 
  they had not promise it . 
  there are millions of people in africa and asia that would like to come here to live here . 
  if we are not able stop it now , how it would continue ? 
  there are 7,5 billions of people in the world , about 0,5 billion in eu . 
  it is about 6 % . 
  2 billion mostly muslims live in disfunctional countries in the area between marocco , turkey , pakistan and somalia . 
  what part of them should come in europe ? 
  african population is now 1.25 billions in 2050 it should be more 2,5 billions .
