  we can only play this game of reddit ghosts writing various texts . 
  please , see my additional edit under translation of picture label . 
  please , see my additional edit under translation of picture label . 
  i think it is not necessary to transport any cheeses from europe to usa . 
  i do n't believe that in usa is lack of chesses . 
  if european cheeses would be exported in usa , part of american chesses would be redundant . 
  either american farmers and producers would drop their production or they would export it in eu . 
  in eu is not a lack of cheeses . 
  the only result would be people eating cheeses transported in cooled containers over the atlantic ocean and parts of continents . 
  and really good french cheese you can have only in france . 
  transport a good cheese two weeks in cooled container worsen the taste . 
  and if an american wants a french cheese , let he go in france to buy it in an art nouveau market hall . 
  be sure i had werified it before i send the reply :-) . 
  i had frieds in ddr living in zittau , they listened western radio , the same as we in czechoslovakia - german , bbc , the voice of america . 
  it was much better , you was not harassed by adds . 
  transltion : to merkel ? 
  everybody says it now !, 
  edit after replies : this picture is not about anything politically serious . 
  it is only light joke mixing two separated contexts to create amusing nonsense . 
  it is like a dadaist poem no political proclamation !, 
  be honest i do n't like it . 
  i do n't like former pm paroubek , however i must say he managed it well and stayed calm not shaken when an egg hit his face . 
  ( it is the `` orange '' video ) . 
  i prefer more rational approach . 
  that attack on the president is stupidity of highest level , especially in time of terrorist attack possibility . 
  if bodyguards responded to it strictly an egg-thrower could be killed . 
  nobody knows if it is egg or a hand grenade . 
  they must be happy that only umbrellas were used to defend the president . 
  i did not say you should do something . 
  i say `` it can help you ... '' . 
  i mean it generally , if anybody here is aggresive in discussion it is first of all useful for you . 
  use it as a training to be able react rationally without an affect . 
  it is very important for any live discussion . 
  you have here time enough , you are more or less anonymous , nobody can see your face . 
  it is an easy poker game :-) . 
  you can analyze a text of your opponent searching mistakes and weak places in the argumentation . 
  you can learn from it a lot especially how other people react , you can reflect your own affects caused by an opposing reply to learn keep your mind calm . 
  in a discussion you must not show you was hurt or offended . 
  it shows your weakness . 
  here you can easily not reply and withdraw . 
  in real life not !, 
  please see my reply to yougotmoxy above . 
  sorry , just now i have not time to reply in detail your reply to me . 
  only a remark : the article reports about that event avoiding to inform what protesters wanted to say and why they did it . 
  and it is a manipulation . 
  be calm . 
  this is a discussion that is an exchange of opinions not of bullets . 
  people shell be allowed say openly and sometimes with an slight affect what they think . 
  you have here a great oportunity to learn calmly rationally react to a point . 
  enjoy it !, 
  if he is really `` aggressively attacking anyone pointing out the migrant crisis '' its ok . 
  it can help you reflect , reconsidere , improve , evaluate your opinion . 
  and you can try to understand your adversary position . 
  if you are an english native speaker , as your flier signalizes , you should understand that not-native speakers ca n't express their opinions using all common british courtesies . 
  they do n't know it . 
  i am not their representative . 
  i am trying only interpret what i can read in the article and see in the video . 
  it is manipulative information according my meaning . 
  so i looked in the video seeing and reading their poster trying to understand what they want to communicate . 
  that 's all . 
  a huge medial manipulation in main german media is obvious . 
  it is contraproductive a it could bring a deep crisis . 
  if you read the poster of protesting people you can see it is against censorship and hindering critique . 
  these people are probably frustrated by large medial manipuation in germany that mocks them and marginalizes their fears and concerns . 
  their action is not polite however public manifestations are sometimes risky . 
  in the czech republic some people prefere using eggs not posters to express opinion . 
  former pm paroubek egged . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbj9k5ofmzc current president zeman egged : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlvxfbhbu14, 
  there is nothing about afd in the article . 
  why do you link it to afd ? 
  they have some posters in hands showing that they protest against cenzorship using in german voltaire 's quote : `` pour savoir qui vous dirige vraiment il suffit de regarder ceux que vous ne pouvez pas critiquer . 
  '' edit - english translation of the quote `` to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize . '', 
  this happened in zwickau not in dresden https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tal_der_ahnungslosen, 
  i am awfully supid !, 
  for example i do n't understand why it is necessary to transport cars and food over the ocean if on both sides we have enough of it and the quality is sufficient . 
  it is probably caused me being a retard born in a communist state . 
   permitting foodstuffs until risks are proven how many dead is a proof ? 
  if i remeber well it is not so long time when american tobaco comanies stated that there is no proof against tobaco . 
  i think that many muslims coming in europe are only formal traditional believers like most europeans were not so long ago . 
  after they come here for many of them close contact with our society initiates their deeper conversion to islam . 
  they are out of their world , alone or a part of a minority . 
  our world is from their point of view deeply immoral and dangerous . 
  if they have children , they are afraid of them much more , because they must send them in our schools . 
  they want protect them , strengthen and immunize them against our rotten world . 
  so they lead them to religion as a source of moral norms and tool of a distant control . 
  all immigrants are in fact second class citizens not having a social capital in the hosting society . 
  it is frustrating especially for young people . 
  islam gives them feeling of a superiority saying them they are in fact member of supreme class of people being related to the transcendental god . 
  and also islam gives them opportunity to fulfill their life with a service to the god and fight for the god . 
  for young people this is a very strong motivation making them radicals . 
  if a guy gets in a criminal conflict with the hosting society and he gets in a prison , where is waiting somebody saying not him but surrounding world is evil , he is captured . 
  if you want to prevent this mechanism , you must understand it very well and somehow get in it to take them away of it . 
  i do not want here write more , it is too long . 
  attat\u00fcrk was in a very different position being one of them and a leader saving nation . 
  in that time west was dominant and everybody who wanted to modernize state and society was inspired by west . 
  now erdogan goes just against it trying build a modern neo-osman turkey based on islam . 
  and he is successful . 
  saudis are very powerful , having oil , money , investments in west . 
  nobody dare go against them , only russians and iran . 
  if anybody wants weaken relationship to islam of moslems living in western europe he must do it in a very sophisticated way , deeply understanding islam .
