  they would be the first target for radicals . 
  and i do n't believe it could be attractive for young people , because if they really want to be `` progressivists '' like western progressivists are they would be atheist in fact . 
  so the young person from a muslim family has three ways : to be idelogically indifferent and live `` happy '' consumerist hedonistic life , to turn to atheist left or to be islamist , it is not the same as isis terrorist . 
  religious progressivists are mostly people that lost faith and are unable to admit it because they are affraid to live under the sartre 's empty sky . 
  nonsense , russia never gave crimea away . 
  in 1954 ukraine was integral part of soviet union that was russian empire in fact . 
  hitler invaded no czech republic . 
  nazi germany first annexed large part of czechoslovakia having international approval of france , britain and italy assisted by hungary and poland that annexed parts of czechoslovakia too . 
  it was presented as a paceful and pace-saving review of the `` injust '' versailles systeme . 
  if czechoslovakia tried to defend it would have been treated as state that resisted pacekeeping rightful international solution of self-determination of germans . 
  a half year latter germany annexed defenceless remains of bohemia and moravia and let slovaks create an `` independent '' state . 
  czech geopolitical reality is german dominance of region . 
  germans always considered our country as their territory and it is the same now . 
  if we tried to leave eu dominated by them , they would have destroy us in three months by their `` soft '' economic force . 
  the czech republic is formally sovereign state , but it is an integral part of german economic space not having representation in the bundestag . 
  the between war czechoslovakia was geopolitical nonsense fully dependent on goodwill and power of france . 
  its fate was sealed by the locarno treaties in 1925 that opened possibility to review german eastern border . 
  the czechoslovak territory was impossible defend without simultaneous powerful attack in germany from west . 
  the czech fate is persistent colaboration and controversy with germans and we are the weaker partner in the game , so we must be cunning and careful and have a little bit of luck . 
  at least twice it was almost lost . 
  the current ukrainian geopolitical reality is russia , poland and eu . 
  polish eastern interests and policy are far from german and french . 
  eu expanded after 1989 in east far over its real abilities , the same nato . 
  eu is unable integrate ukraine for many evident reasons , it ca n't help it economically having deep problems . 
  how germany wants to help ukraine is demonstrated by the northstream pipeline that stripped ukraine of important income from gas transit and the only one strategic tool it had . 
  the only one thing usa can do for ukraine is to trigger a proxy war there . 
  it would be catastrophe for whole europe . 
  by the way the only proxy war that usa won , was afghanistan , victory payed by collaboration with people that latter created al quaeda . 
  ukraine should stay between russia and eu collaborating symmetrically with both it is their only way to prosperity and peace . 
  and of course not being in nato . 
  would us return florida to spain or seminole tribes ? 
  and what about mexicans and californiia or hawaii independence ? 
  sounds absurd ? 
  crime was annexed by russia in 1783 , hawaii by us in 1898 , florida after 1810 , californiia 1848 . 
  and from geopolitical view crimea is for russia vital as hawaii , florida and california for us . 
  it 's principial casus belli for russia as caucasus or murmansk . 
   therefore neurons , which survived the accident , can function much better . 
  the problem are neurons , which did not survived . 
  how many , what was their function etc. 
  it is absurd dream that german state could manage somehow islam to make it benign like christianity is now after 300 years of systematic dechristianization of europe . 
  european elites became anti-christian in 18th century and all european leading ideologies since then are antichristian or at least not based on it , considering christianity mostly obscure or only a foggy the source of some moral values . 
  islam is in very different position now . 
  it is ideology of emancipation from western dominance giving strong collective identity opposing western `` corrupted and hypocritical '' society . 
   like pretty much any other european navy then . 
  like pretty much european militarily forces of any type . 
  the result is total dependency on us military force . 
  europe becomes step by step not ally but burden . 
  trump only provocatively says aloud what other us politicians undoubtedly say unpublicly . 
  however the most serious fact is the economic weakness on the background that is the cause of cuts . 
  economies dominated by financial speculations and `` sevices '' ca n't support real military force . 
  the queen celebrating diamond jubilee on the wooden barge gloriana payed by foreign billionaires is a horrible symbol . 
  us `` allies '' in the whole world are mostly unreliable using us protection and simultaneously forcing it 's own interests undermining us efforts . 
  on the other hand us mostly ignore vital interests of their allies and acts against them ruthlessly . 
  the results are then like erdogan 's current friendship with putin . 
  if turkey becomes distant to the west and egypt gets under islamists ' control whole non european mediterranean teritory becomes a hell and european will be unable to control it to keep safe it 's own coast . 
  there was coup indeed . 
  but not organized by erdogan , he only uses the situation now being well prepared before . 
  and it is really difficult to imagine that cia knew nothing before it started . 
  and mr. erdogan has problem to believe it too , so he seeks new friends . 
  maybe fsb knew something in advance and let erdogan know just in time . 
  how recep tayyip and vladim\u00edr vladim\u00edrovich become friends ... 
  these people are out of mind downvoting your reply . 
  it is really absurd parallel . 
  nobody wants to learn arabic ? 
  how would they study the quran ? 
  however what flier should be for it ? 
  internet is a game changer . 
  they will speak a very bad czenglish . 
  the time is away when people in brno were able to say : '' \u0160tubm\u00e9dla pucovala fotrovi na ga\u0148ku \u0161l\u00e1frok . '', 
  we have no grammatical articles . 
  it would be a funny asymetric conflict . 
  spain would put 10 policemen on a road that would check each car at least for 20 minutes to guard carefully eu borders and uk would have to deploy navy and maintain a robust air bridge . 
  there are formally many very important things in eu that in reality does n't work properly or not at all . 
  member states are stripped of reponsibility for key functions like border security and corresponding common mechanisms fail . 
  democratic control and supervision is not easy to achieve at the national state level but at the eu level it fails fully in current situation ; eu central institutions are constantly trying to eliminate it at the states level . 
  it is now apparent on the issue of protection of external borders and migration , but there are many other problems showing that . 
  the main cause is too rapid expansion and excessive level of integration forced in too short a time . 
  the resulting structure ( institutions , mechanisms and processes ) is too large , too complex , too weak and disfunctional in most important aspects . 
  and there is `` defined '' a mechanism that formally enables a state to leave the structure . 
  but if a state really decides to use it we are now said it was only deceptive decoy not intended to work in reallity . 
  and nobody knows now how to apply it not causing chaos or even a break of the whole structure . 
  the lisbon treaty is something replacing the european constitution that was rejected . 
  such treaty must be approved in referendums . 
  of course all people ca n't understand it fully , but principial things must be clear . 
  public opinion is formed in a public debate , which is run by various opinion makers . 
  people listen to the debate to formulate their own opinions . 
  possibility to leave eu was a very important issue and implementation of an exiting mechanism was one of decisive conditions for acceptance of the treaty in many countries . 
  if politicians responsible for implementation of the exiting mechanism say now it was a humbug from the begining the credibility of whole political system of eu is undermined . 
  it is not about difficulties to understand complex political problems . 
  this is about a loss of confidence due to the a very clear issue . 
   article 50 was never intended to be a practical provision . 
  it was there just for decoration . 
  it was an ornament , not an instrument what else in the lisbon treaty is a cynical deception like the article 50 ? 
  or is the whole treaty intended like this ? 
  edit :  it was inserted into the lisbon treaty as a sop to the eurosceptic media . 
  eurosceptic media ? 
  it is serious arrogant deception of millions of european citizens that approved the treaty in referendums . 
  it is disdainning democracy and it delegitimizes whole treaty . 
  anyone who accuses boris johnson , that hedeceived british people , should realize that the authors of the treaty of lisbon deceived people of whole european union and now they have the audacity to publicly ridicule all . 
  the main problem is that systems based on two parties domination ( like \u00d6vp and sp\u00d6 ) degenerated in a farce .
