  czechia can be used as abbreviated name . 
  however , it is mess . 
  but we could move our capital from prague in olomouc and rename the state the little moravian empire parallel to the great moravian empire form 9th century . 
  but behind that `` curtain '' uk represenatives are hidden too up to now . 
  it is only about their stupidity they have not more influence . 
  after the brexit the german influence would increase a lot . 
  any free trade treaty would require respect a lot of rules decided behin that `` curtain '' , but no uk representatives would be there . 
  it looks like mr. cameroon is an outstanding jerk . 
  but on the other hand he could be happy to be kicked off . 
  to be the uk pm after the referendum would be a very stressing job regardless a result . 
   next to zero influence if it was true it would have been much worse for uk . 
  all neologisms are useless . 
  helmut schmidt , a former german chancellor : i divide humanity into three categories of people . 
  the first category is comprised of normal people . 
  when we were boys we most likely swiped an apple or two , but we later became respectable fellows . 
  normal people - that 's about 98 percent . 
  the second category would be those with a criminal bent . 
  they belong before a court of law , and if found guilty , should be sent to prison . 
  the third category are the investment bankers and fund managers . 
  investment banker is a nothing more than a synonym for the type of financial manager who dragged all of us - practically the entire world - into the shit and now is in the process of repeating exactly what he was doing up to 2007 it is not about soros particularly , but about the whole class ... 
   ruined the economy of britain for fun not for fun , for profit, 
  let he first pays 3/4 tax of his $ 25 billions billionaire hypocrisy : george soros may owe $ 7 billion in taxes http://www.sott.net/article/295881-billionaire-hypocrisy-george-soros-may-owe-7-billion-in-taxes, 
   smear to smear mr. chamberlain ? 
  he sufficiently smeared himself 77 year ago . 
  i wanted to say that british politicians do n't care about people on the continet at all . 
  i think there is no need to change anything . 
  if a one word name was not necessary 1000 years , it is not necessary now . 
   germany is more willing to pay due to war guilt no !, 
  germany is more willing to pay - to have power and influence . 
  - because it is in the middle of the continet not on an island - germany wants ( consider itself to be called ) to be a leader uk wants to be a brakeman . 
  uk wants to be involved with eropean affairs as less as possible uk mentality is charcterized by these quotes of its former pm chamberlain ) : on czechoslovakia 1938 : `` how horrible , fantastic , incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas-masks here because of a quarrel in a far away country between people of whom we know nothing . '', 
  on jews 1939 : `` no doubt the jews are n't a lovable people ; i do n't care about them myself ... '' margaret thatcher to gorbatchev : `` we do not want a united germany . 
  this would lead to a change to postwar borders and we can not allow that because such a development would undermine the stability of the whole international situation and could endanger our security '' gorbatchev said that thatecher wanted him to prevent germans from destroying the berline wall by force ... 
  yes !, 
  multiculturalism is very easy to manage : be very kind on newcomers and they would not feel estranged and enthusiastically become `` eu values '' believers . 
  however give them a good western sexual education as quickly as possible so that they know that everything is highly moral if it is consensual . 
  thus your are sentenced to success . 
  you have to exclude prague or krakow . 
   but with the turnout just two percentage points over the 30 % validity threshold , we wanted to know if the result really could be interpreted as a sign of rising euroscepticism in the netherlands . 
  formally it is a valid result of the referendum about eu - ukraine association treaty . 
  any generalization of the result is a speculation , like augury - interpreting the will of the gods from the flight of birds . 
  it says nothing about an opinion of 67 % people that did not tak\u00e9 part in it , particulary if the result is not binding . 
  if it was in fact a referendum about trust to politicians ( nl or eu ) or trust to eu as institution the referndum failed as instrument because people `` answered '' something what they were not asked and did not answere , what they were asked . 
  finally ... 
   a confusion about what '' \u010cechy '' meant no there was never confusion about that . 
  \u010cechy never included morava and slezsko . 
  the problem is that there was no single word name in history for `` lands of the bohemian crown '' . 
  it consisted from duchy ( from 1152 kingdom ) of bohemia , march of moravia and silesian duchies . 
  the ruler of this state was the king of bohemia . 
  moravian margraves and silesian duchess were his vassals . 
  so it was a `` commonwealth '' ruled by the czech ( bohemina ) kings . 
  beacuse of it it was wrongly denoted kingdom of bohemia or simply bohemia . 
  it is not so simple . 
  original meaning of czechia , first used in latin in 16th century , is only western part . 
  even demagogic official pages propagting `` czechia '' admit it saying only that the meaning of whole state has prevailed in 20th century . 
  how it could prevail if it was not used at all ? 
  no englis dictionary knows this word !, 
  supplement : in the czech language is the word '' \u010cechie '' that could be considered a full equivalent of `` czechia '' , because cz reprents \u010c and e replaces a ( yugoslavia -  jugoslavie ) . 
  according to the dictionary of czech language issued by the institute of czech language that is part of czech academy of sciences , '' \u010cechie '' has the same meaning as '' \u010cechy '' it is an literary and poetic form . 
  i always say that france is demonstration of god 's injustice . 
  in relatively small area they have anything what a tourist could wish . 
  a dramatic ocean for surfing and pleasant mediterranean sea to lie around quiet water , alpes , plains , wild rivers , lakes , wine gardens , glaciers , sand dunes . 
  in each larger town is a cathedral , in each village at least 600 years old church , castles , chateaus , monasteries . 
  plenty of wine and oysters , amiable innkeepers , pleasant weather , polite policemen . 
  nudist beaches for free people and voyeurs . 
  and it was also very safe country , no earthquakes , no volcano , no tigers , no crocodiles , no mambas or anacondas . 
  however they were not grateful for it and got crazy letting their country be an islamic battlefield . 
  it is nonsense because czechia denotes only a western part of the czech republic . 
  moravians would have to upraise . 
  and it is nonsense to change name of state , nobody would know what it is . 
  more than 20 years after split of czechoslovakia many people in world do n't know the czech republic and now they change it again . 
  i do n't understand your reply , but if it is related to the last sentence :  inhabitants of eeu are predominantly people ( or descendants of them ) that did not flee despite war , nazi and communist dictatorship . 
  the sentence is not about a far history , it is about people that live now in eastern europe , i.e. 
  in countries that in 20th century suffered from wars violence and dictatorships of german nazis and communists . 
  these people ( or their parents and grandparents ) did not flee from their countries despite that . 
  some people fled , some were expelled , but they returned only exceptionally . 
  if somebody says now people in eastern europe they are obliged to accept migrants because of other countries in past accepted refugees from eastern europe he speaks to people that fled nowhere but remained , they asked nobody to be accepted and nobody in west lifted a finger for them . 
  so such reasoning does n't sound reasonable for them . 
  please , if you read a text try it to interpret as a whole . 
  see my private post to you . 
  german chancellor have given erdogan power to blackmail all europe and germans now mock him ... crazy . 
  it result of a stupid neo - paganic cult of private mobility . 
  we offer to it everything , countryside , towns , economy , our freedom as we sell it for oil , human life ( 30000 killed a year in europe only ) , health ... 
  not only countryside i am afraid !, 
  you should start to organize or others would organize you in a very unhappy way . 
  sorry , if she decides about prosecution , she can prevent it , thus she can prevent in a particular case court trial based on a political reason . 
  it breaks equality before law !, 
  never !, 
  it breaks equality before the law . 
  it means that the chancellor can decide in similar cases in a different way for a political reason . 
  one person is punished for it the other not . 
   it should be a political decision principially any prosecution ca n't be a political decision . 
  it is soviet system . 
  sorry you are truth , i was very upset and not red it attentively . 
  but it is unacceptable that any politician is allowed to do it . 
   the non-muslim population must support liberal muslims the non-muslim population must support muslim apostates first of all . 
  them to be safe and freely speaking about their reasons . 
  in universities and all schools , in media , in streets , everywhere ... 
  i am surprised you are surprised !, 
  islam is islam and not pseudo-buddhist religio-philospohy looking for a nirvana .
