  it is not religious intolerance . 
  it is hateful generalization of an individual experience . 
  it is a very frequent wrong human behavior . 
  -- k . there are many other types of human group hatreds and other motives for hostile behavior toward groups of people . 
  racism is only one of them , very specific and it could be quite well defined . 
  -- l. why it is necessary distinguish racism form other hostile behavior ? 
  if you want to fight something efficiently you must know the core , you must know what it is and what it is not . 
  -- m . if you use racism to denote a chaotic mix of concepts it become only an useless insulting word . 
   according to un yes , but it is absurd usage of the word . 
  it is by far not only a nazi practice !, 
  all `` political correctness '' is a shinning example . 
  anti-semitism generally is not a specific case of racism . 
  antisemitism generally is prejudice against , hatred of , or discrimination against jews . 
  antisemitism was justified by racism . 
  racism is a pseudo-scientific theory that sorts people in groups accroding to biolgical charcteristics as color of skin and many others . 
  these groups are called races and `` stamped '' sayin that some races are more valuable then others and justifying discrimination of one race by other race . 
  it is a heavy task to foster 23,000 , but if at least some of them have access to heroine the surveillance is insufficient . 
  if they came last year they should be in youth detention centers for longer time . 
  they were used to live in large families that controlled them and all society supervised them . 
  they lost it and they are not responsible enough not to destroy themselves . 
  antisemitism is prejudice against , hatred of , or discrimination against jews . 
  dot !, 
  antisemitism was justified by many reasons in history . 
  german nazis justified it by their pervert and absurd racial theories . 
  however nazi racism is a general system sorting all people in `` races '' and classifying them as more lees valuable . 
  it was used to justify systematic oppression , violence and even genocide of many nations , not only jews . 
  jews were only the first in a queue . . german nazis justified it by their pervert and absurd racial theories . 
  however nazi racism a general system sorting all people in `` races '' and classifying european antisemitism before nazis was motivated by religion and later chauvinisms that is an exaggerated and perverted patriotism . 
  antisemitism was often an instrument to take people away from economic and political problems giving them an easy victim . 
  it was main reason of official antisemitism in tsarist russia . 
  it is intentionally confusing concepts to have better position to accuse people of immorality or a crime . 
  confusing a language is part of manipulative power of each demagog . 
   unaccompanied children under 18  only in 2015 was more than more than 23,000 unaccompanied minors from afghanistan to sweden . 
  unaccompanied children under 18 must be in a state custody , not free wandering in streets without any surveillance . 
  23,000 minors mostly abusing heroin . 
  it is any army that would do anything for a dose . 
  where do they live ? 
  who takes care of them ? 
  who is responsible for them ? 
  it is like in india aber wir schaffen das, 
   free slave labour without rights oh those old dangerous german dreams !, 
  realizing it sometimes horribly fails https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjbllbvi3bw, 
  let 's go sweeden !, 
  everybody wants their `` s\u00fcssen blonden '' !, 
  and who gets no of them is discriminated and his integration fails !, 
  sweeden horribly failed because they lowered ( re ) production of them . 
  many marxist leaders were either workers ( josip broz tito , georges marchais , maurice thorez , nicolae ceau\u0219escu , j\u00e1nos k\u00e1d\u00e1r ) , or professional revolutionists born in workers ' families ( waldeck rochet , arthur scargill , erich honecker , dolores ib\u00e1rruri ) . 
  many were intelectuals , often jews , reacting on very horrible poverty of working people . 
  they were not like contemporary humanrightists or american university leftists . 
  italian communist party had 20 % -30 % in years 1948-1989 , it is from 6 to 12 million voters . 
  marxism was a kind of secular religion . 
  it was `` the opium of the people '' . 
  it is not so simple . 
  in 19th century and in the first half of 20th century white collars were not so numerous group of society like now . 
  many very intelligent people had to be workers despite their abilities . 
  social democratic movement organized systematic education and indoctrination of its members , communists too . 
  and these parties were mass parties , having hundreds thousands members or more . 
  they spread their ideology by its members not by medial manipulation like now . 
  you shouldd read the communist manifest . 
  no to become a marxist but to see an excelent propagandistic text aiming not academics but workers . 
  of course workers intelligent enough to understand it . 
  such were not rare in 19th century . 
  the problem is that they would have to give up the core of their identity that is a religion . 
  but this religion is not a secularized european christianity limiting its disapproval to cautious verbal declarations that in spite of its moderateness invoke furry of `` progressivist '' . 
  and in cofronantion with strange and `` rotten '' western society they become more adherent to their religion full of fear of their children . 
  dumb `` progressivists '' do n't understand what does it mean if one 's identity is a religion . 
  to leave it is like to jump in a middle of a stormy sea . 
  you can assimilate only those who did it . 
  and the dumb `` progressivists '' do n't understand that just their ideals and goals are the stumbling block . 
  if i speak about goals i mean strategic goals and not an instant reaction to acute particular crisis . 
  the syrian wars are only a part of a large crisis that is in whole maghreb , middle east and sub-saharan africa . 
  it is about one billion of people , not about 20 million yugoslavs . 
  the main cause of the crisis is not a nationalist frenzy of semi-fascist freaks . 
  however , it is a complex crisis of political , economical and social system . 
  it is a result of a long history of internal problems and of a conflict with globalization caused by western political and economical system . 
  the other cause is a very high birth rate doubling population in 25 years or less . 
  islam motivates to rejection of western type organization of political and economical system . 
  muslim societies are looking for its own way based on principles derived from religion . 
  the main local powers are strong ideological opponents of the west . 
  iran , saudi arabia and pakistan completely , turkey is on the road there . 
  these countries undoubtedly helped a lot to ruin the effort of usa to stabilize the region on western democratic principles . 
  they only want to use western forces to reach their own goals . 
  consolidation of the region is over a horizon . 
  people coming in eu are not looking a temporary shelter , they are looking for a place they could live forever . 
  they spent years waiting for the end of war and they lost their hope . 
  they know that syria is totally broken possibly for ever . 
  by the way germans in sixties supposed that turkish gastarbeiters would return after some years ... 
  who 's goal ? 
  merkel 's ? 
  there are no goals !, 
  there is only chain of irresponsible decisions , pressing and absurd episodes . 
  the situation is incomparable with yugoslav wars . 
  and refugees from yugoslavia were not deported back . 
  most of them returned and many stayed too . 
  nobody was forced !, 
  but you ca n't succeed `` deport '' millions of people back in middle east . 
  you have not enough bayonets . 
  see how difficult it is for macedonian authorities to prevent several thousands of people to cross their border . 
   and it was always more at home among cozy academics prior to the revolution anyway there are two mass movements based on marxism social democratic and communist . 
  both were very far from an `` academic thing '' .
