  from top 21 bolsheviks party leaders in 1917 , only 8 were ethnic russians . 
  and for example felix dzerzhinsky who built cheka ( -  nkvd -  kgb ) was a polish aristocrat . 
  on the other hand tsarist family was in fact german - house of holstein-gottorp . 
  they were romanov family matrilineal descendants only . 
  there are quite rational reasons for spaniards to know better latin american countries then eastern europe or french to know better african . 
  latin america is a very important part of spanish history , the same is north westa africa for france . 
  if you mean \u0160umava ( = b\u00f6hmerwald ) : [ yes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_e87xc5uxa8 ) but summer we have longer than one day . 
   it 'll all be around 4 to -3 celsius . 
  temperature can be even -20 in prague in winter . 
  you can search pictures `` prague winter snow '' . 
  prague looks impressive covered by fresh snow . 
  when it starts melt there is a mixture of snow and cold water . 
  if you have shoes not protected to soaking your feets would be wet and cold very quickly . 
  keep your feets warm and dry is most important, 
   `` for personal use '' it does ' t mean you have to drink it . 
  you can burn it in an alchol stove for example . 
  it would be very snobish to brew water for tea burning whiskey . 
  to me , your reply illustrates the problem that most people still ( more than 200 years ) have with understanding that left/right `` spectrum '' is always demagogic simplification only to identify `` us '' and `` they '' . 
  it is nothing more than orwell 's `` four legs good two legs bad '' . 
  the mistake was that britain and other european powers prevented russians in 1878 to conquer istanbul . 
  it is very sad how many european people know nothing about european history . 
  it is so absurd what you write that it has no sense to try to explain you anything . 
  it is an iranian propaganda . 
   thousands of migrants fleeing war and poverty , from afghanistan to syria . 
  there is a year old article in the guardian [ migrant life in calais ' jungle refugee camp - a photo essay ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/media/ng-interactive/2015/aug/10/migrant-life-in-calais-jungle-refugee-camp-a-photo-essay ) showing typical afghanian and syrian black people ... do n't think it changed so much from then . 
  if he is serious he lost contact with reality . 
  if he says it only for media he is out of reality too , because nobody believs it is possible . 
  if he says it to prepare public for some concrete actions , like explelling saudi and other radical imams , it is understable . 
  [ iran air flight 655 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ), 
  it is not about budgeting , it is about real german influence on other eu states . 
  because each army must have an economic base , who controls economic base decides how to use the army . 
   the brits are terrified of any unified body on the continent during the cold war eu and nato were complementary structures . 
  germany was divided and under control of usa and ussr . 
  nato granted anglosaxon dominance of western europe , eu stabilized it economically and simplified economic cooperation with usa . 
  fall of soviet union undermined this system . 
  [ thatcher said gorbatchev ] ( http://www.margaretthatcher.org/document/112006 ) the destabilisation of eastern europe and the breakdown of the warsaw pact were also not in the west 's interest . 
  euro was french desperate attempt to prevent german economic and politic dominance of eu . 
  france plays only secondary role now , uk is out ( how prudent ! ), 
  and they are now affraid of german dominance of eu . 
  an army must have an economic base . 
  if germany dominates eu a common eu army would be dominated by germany . 
  fear of german dominance is now on background of all particular local collaborations like visegrad , slavkov declaration , southern states initiative . 
  we are somehow back in 19th century . 
  the main difference is that eurpean states does n't dominate world , turkey and rises and arabs revive the most aggressive aspects of islam . 
  what else can we expect from a person who had prepared himslef for his political career in the bullingdon club by trashing of restaurants and college rooms ? 
  small children ? 
  people speaking kurdish and turkish dialects live in syria and iraq . 
  / facepalm is easy and writing in reddit too ... 
  stop theorize and tasking others . 
  learn quickly five main arabic dialects , kurdish , turkish and six main languages spoken in afghanistan and pakistan . 
  buy a plane ticket and help greeks schooling that children and pay all your cost of course . 
  good luck !, 
  greece has not money at all , they have unpayable huge debt only , their economy is ruined , unemployment rate is more than 25 % , political system failed , their creditors have suspended their constitution in fact . 
  it is a small state having population 11 million . 
  last year a million of refugees passed greece . 
  it is almost 10 % of greek population . 
  it is like if 6 million people passed france . 
  almost all these people came on on several small islands at turkish coast and greece had to transport them to continent . 
  why greeks should bare such burden ? 
  anything is possible on a piece of paper . 
  for 500 refugees children you need at least one school building and twenty teachers . 
  however these people speak various languages but not greek etc. . . 
  if 5000 ten schools , if 50000 a hundred schools . 
  and totally unobtursive !, 
  the article is an incredible blaber . 
  really set of intelectual pearles like this :  one of the many habsburg stories still going around in vienna is that emperor franz joseph once reluctantly sent his army to the balkans to quell an uprising , murmuring to his generals that he was sure they would lose the encounter , just like many before . 
  what uprising in balkans ? 
  it was about starting war with serbia in 1914 and by it starting a very large conflict called now world war i. 
  it was the worst decision in habsburgs history and incredible absurdity of this tragedy is that he knew it ... 
  summary : on aug. 29 2016 : * three people drove a van up to belgium 's main forensic storehouse at 2 a.m. , cut through a perimeter fence , smashed the ground-floor windows , and placed bottles of accelerant inside . 
  * the fire they set destroyed much of the nation 's chief forensic laboratory , including its entire cache of hair samples and thousands of other pieces of evidence critical to the prosecution of hundreds of criminal and terrorism suspects . 
  * the target of the attack was the national institute of forensics and criminology , which ... is belgium 's center for forensic research , including the examination of biological and ballistic evidence . 
  the institute handles thousands of cases a year ... and it houses the country 's dna database . 
  * hair samples from salah abdeslam -- the sole surviving participant in the paris attacks , who was captured in brussels on march 18 after an intense manhunt -- were analyzed at the dna center * prosecutors and lawyers fear that all of the cases in which dna evidence has been used may encounter difficulties during trials . 
  that includes many of the 400 terrorist investigations , including about 15 related to the paris and brussels attacks . 
  * the attack on the crime lab could hinder police and intelligence officials as they pursue suspects and monitor threats . 
  * because of the late hour , no guards or other employees were at the site , which is surrounded by several fences and is under video surveillance * how the attackers managed to breach the fences and reach the crime lab is under investigation ... 
  the attackers did ... manage to make their way through several security fences , drive up to the laboratory and set the building on fire . 
  witnesses say that they heard explosions * for now , the case is being handled as an arson investigation , ... 
  if the case is deemed to involve terrorism , it may be transferred to the control of the federal prosecutor . 
  * a senior belgian counterterrorism official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity ... , said he was surprised that the site was not better guarded , given how much is stored there . 
  my remarks : * it is difficult to believe that the attack is not related to terrorist cases * belgian authorities proved again their uncredible irresponsibility . 
  * who organised the attack had very good information from inner circles of belgian police and / or justice . 
  if they like to spend money for it ... 
   civil rights again if you mean by it right for abortion and various rights related to sexuality , christians are conservative in this , because a human embryo is considered a human being and only heterosexual activities realized in a frame of marriage are considered moral . 
  however they force legal consequences of this in the frame of democratic system and compare them with whabbits is ridiculous . 
  what is progress and what is excess in the context of human life protection and what should or should not be a subject of special laws treating a cohabitation of people is questionable . 
  a universal legal treatment of human partership is almost impossible in a society that considers almost any form of cohabitation as a standard . 
  for example to treat somehow legally polygamy is impossible if anybody can have any number of any type of partners . 
  it sounds absurd , but this will be in future a big issue in western states having big muslim communities influenced by radical islam . 
  on the other hand many very `` progressive '' communists in 19th and 20th century considered any marriage malicious , children had to be brought together in special child care institutions from very early age . 
  in communist states even in 1950s women were under heavy pressure to put their children in such institutions and take a job ( for example an operetor of a milking machine in a communist cooperative farm ) to build great communist future . 
  to brought up own children was considered awful and reactionary . 
  the original concept of human rights was based on idea , that such rights were given people by the god . 
  if god is not considered a source of human rights then there are no objective human rights but only negotiated rights in a given society . 
  there also is nothing like objective positive progress in this , because there is no objective rule to evaluate it . 
  progressive / reactionary or left / right classification is always manipulation to divide simply people it two groups `` we '' and `` they '' to integrate and control `` we '' group and to dehumanize and beat `` they '' group . 
  i lived more than 30 years in a communist state hearing about progress and reactionary enemies every day ... 
  this could be part of a post-brexit frustration . 
  people were said that there is a simple solution of many problems .
