  they were said they will have the cake and eat it . 
  now they see there is no simple solution and probably no cake at all . 
  frustration induces aggression and some people ca n't control it especially if they are intoxicated . 
  this is horrible but somehow natural result of a botched game . 
  however , it was not botched exclusively by brexiters . 
  the integration of europe is in crisis because it breaks many natural borders and distances that are necessary for people to feel secure and to keep control of natural human aggressivity . 
  i think it could be qualified as a murder attempt . 
  belgium is a disfunctional state having heavy problems , molenbeek is only small part of it . 
  the main ethnics are very separated territorialy and politically and they have big problem to collaborate . 
  however the issue is not a different culture but different identities ( based on languages ) and history of oppression of flemish by waloons . 
  switzerland is based on 700 years lasting common identity based on common defence of their liberty . 
  however ethnics are separated in cantons and central power is in balance with regional powers . 
  very important is also direct democracy . 
  australian society was historically based on dominacy of people of european origin . 
  australians are very affraid of mass uncontroled immigration preventing it by very controversial actions . 
  the controled immigration consist mostly of skilled people and family members . 
  the usa was built by white europeans that deliberately went in america to become americans leving their original cultures and languages . 
  they were theodore roosevelt 's unhypenated americans constituting the american nation . 
  black african people were forced to come in america to be slaves , not to be a part of the nation . 
  a large part of their descendants have problem to identify themselves with the white part of the nation and they are hypenated americans . 
  current mass immigration of latinos and other ethnics brings big problems , because they come not leaving their original identity , they become hypenated americans and it is very difficult to predict how it will change usa . 
  all discontinuities in a society are potential borders that have ability to divide society in we and they parts opening space for mutual aggression . 
  to avoid it a common identity and culture is necessary . 
  the common culture can be structured and the common identity can be hierarchically split in sub - identities , however the common top must be strong enough to suppress natural human aggressivity to be mangeable not destroying the society . 
  ask the citizens of calais . 
  maybe they have subconscious fear of englishmen from the siege of calais in 1346 . 
  they have a famous sculpture by auguste rodin commemorating it every day , it is very depressing . 
  i mean internal sectarian conflict in syria . 
  syrian society was divided in many tribes and sects before war . 
  whole political system was based on mixture of aliances and oppression . 
  without external influence it would be possible to stabilize situation again by mixture of local negotiation and oppression . 
  such complex society ca n't be governed by a democratic government or a simple central dictatorship . 
  the global shia - sunnits conflict is something different . 
  it is about historic rivalry between persians , arabs and turks . 
  religion difference is only part of it . 
  it is like thirty years war in europe also was not a simple sectarian conflict . 
  it was about habsburg dominance of germany , french effort to weaken habsburgs , swedish expansion etc. 
  what human rights law ? 
  no human right law bounds european navies to patrol at libyan coast and pick up people that deliberately board boats and go on sea . 
  they do it deliberately to enforce their way in europe and enforce european states to take care of them . 
  such behavior is called blackmailing . 
  if european states comply with this they legalize situation when anybody who wants can come in europe and travel here anywhere he wants . 
  if citizens of calais start to sell inflatable botas to people in the jungle would royal navy pick them up in the channel and take them in uk ? 
   end of schengen it ended last year . 
  basic principle of it was control of external border . 
  if it fails and countries responsible for it say it is impossible , whole schengen is impossible . 
  control of border is one of the most important functions of a state . 
  it is necesary to be able keep internal security . 
  if a state fails in this its purpose is challenged . 
  it is impossible predict how this can develop in future . 
  there is no experience like this and world changes now very quickly . 
  the main factor is population rate . 
  i think that swedes let this go so far because existence of their nation was never endangered seriously . 
  this is first time and it seems me they do n't understand it fully . 
  and immigrants do n't understand it too . 
  they will be disappointed soon , because it will be impossible fulfill their expectations . 
  after both swedes and immigrants really realize what has happened , it could raise a wave of incredible violence . 
  people are naturally mutually very aggressive ; only culture and social system or international rules suppress aggression to manageable level . 
  that is the reason why a common culture and common identity is necessary for people living in the same territory under a common government . 
  if you mean by a `` social progress '' abortion and gay marriage the yes . 
  but otherwise i do n't know what real social progress christianity opposes . 
   neither is the syrian civil war solely a sectarian conflict . 
  if syrian war was a sectarian conflict , it would be possible to end it in 3 weeks . 
  the main reason why isis exists at all is that otherwise would be there shia aliance controlling syria , main part of iraq and iran and kurds would be at least autonomous in both syria and iraq cotrolling much larger territory then now . 
  it is unacceptable for saudis and turkey . 
  how could isis exist isolated in deserts of syria and iraq without support of adjacent states ? 
  how could al-quaeda adherents operate so long in north west of syria not being supported somehow from turkey territory ? 
  it is in fact proxy war between iran and his alies and saudis and turkey . 
  to make a car mark famous is much difficult than make a state famous . 
  yes , that is stupid . 
  it was mistake to name the car factory after the old name of the country . 
  it is not about a preferred ethnic group . 
  we distinguish state citizenship and nationality . 
  a hungarian living in slovakia or romania and having slovak or romania citizenship is not romanian or slovak by nationality . 
  people are here very sensitive to it , because it was used by big nations to oppress and even anihilate smaller ones . 
  in eastern and central europe we distinguish nationality ( ethnical ) and a state citizenship . 
  you can have czech citizenship being slovak , german , polish or even portugese . 
  but if a portugese gets czech citizenship he is not considered member of the czech nation . 
  he would be still portugese for us . 
  we could call him a czech - portuguese ( \u010cesk\u00fd portugalec ) but not a czech . 
  you should rename romania to dacia and call yourself dacians . 
  it would be opposite to czech changing bohemia ( n kingdom ) to czech republic ( now also czechia ) . 
  i would prefer to organize paneuropean boycott of american fast food and all other such chains . 
  it kills diversity of public gastronomy , damages local culture and economy . 
  it brings nothing good . 
  it only siphons money to global companies . 
  there is nothing about religion on czech identity cards . 
  a religion is considered a private personal thing . 
  is there a eu country having religion information on ids ? 
  what fico said is visegrad countries ' position defending their citizens . 
  it is not about `` align themselves firmly behind verhofstadt '' . 
  it has nothing to do with verhofstadt . 
  800 000 poles , 85 000 slovaks , 80 000 hungarians , 50 000 czechs live in uk . 
  i think because of stress moved on beginig of the word . 
  czech language has initial-syllable stress . 
  to stress st\u0159 is better the s\u0159 . 
  it seems to be a technical mistake only, 
  politicians must stop to speak about `` principles '' and search real solutions . 
  muscular speaches are evidence of incompetence . 
  it will require a lot of effort and time .
