  eu is in similar situation like ussr in the end of 1980s . 
  it is not about misunderstanding in language , it is not `` lost in translation '' . 
  may and merkel understand each other very well . 
  i do n't think the problem is in a linguistic confusion . 
  my father taught me : if somebody offers you something , tak\u00e9 it !, 
  if he was sincere you would please him . 
  if he was not sincere you would punish him . 
  we have a monarchist party [ koruna \u010cesk\u00e1 ] ( http://korunaceska.cz/ ) , they are very successful , last elections they got 8932 votes . 
  they have only one problem , the heir of czech throne is karl von habsburg and last two habsburg rulers de facto refused the czech kingdom as an autonomous political entity . 
  they were not crowned czech kings and presnt head of the house of habsburg karl has no intention to be the czech king and almost no czech wants habsburgs be czech kings again . 
  so we could establish again lands of the czech crown , conquer whole silesia from poland , both lusatias from germany and then we could wait for saint v\u00e1clav awakening in the blan\u00edk mountain like you can see in this [ performance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwls1oqylwc ) , if you understand both czech language and people . 
  and slovakia we would annex too but only prevent hungarians to have common border with poland :-) . 
  and negotiators have no real clue what it would bring . 
   district no !, 
  bohemia is a latin name for one of lands constituting [ lands of the bohemian crown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lands_of_the_bohemian_crown ) . 
   the most famous/notable/etc . 
  person sorry , but your question has no sense . 
  famous ? 
  where ? 
  home , in world , in europe ? 
  notable ? 
  from what point of view ? 
  in what subject / branch ? 
  etc :-), 
  and what prevents you to have them ? 
  [ golem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golem ) is jewish folklore , not czech . 
  the golem of prague was made by rabbi loew to protect jews from czech and german chritians . 
  why in this situation many european politics allege that it is necessary import working force in europe from other countries ? 
  probably just for a short while we have lack of cheap working force for a part of industry that is not transformed yet . 
  on the other side there already are millions unemployed people in sothern and eastern europe . 
  unemployment has two parallel malicious impacts : poverty and social exclusion that both negatively influence psychical state resulting in many problems finally disintegrating society . 
  people that have no opportunity to work producing something or providing services are stripped of most important part of human life . 
  there are roma people in ee countries that are living on social benefits long time and the result is horrible . 
  without permission of un ? 
  it is not so simple ,, 
  there is a little problem all western planes are in syrian airspace ilegally . 
  if syria asked russians down them by their rockets it would have been in compliance with international law . 
  syria is member of un . 
   process of fast food just this i hate !, 
  where did you learn to sing it ? 
  but they gave information enough to find them with some effort . 
  they would have to give them a new identity , move them on a very distant place and guard them . 
  that guy ( probaly ) has no political goal . 
  it is the same as if he would murdered his sister for `` honor '' reasons . 
  honor murders as phenomenon can be a subject of politic , but not a particular murder . 
  vendetta as a legal principle could be a political issue , but not a particular act of it . 
  it would be more intersting to comapre sea border length . 
  if i hate all american fast foods is it a racism too ? 
   `` my reaction as an arab is revenge no it is not political . 
  vendetta is not political . 
  if he says `` as arab '' he refers their laws and moral rules . 
  german authorities made biggest mistake publishing circumstances of capturing jaber albakr . 
  they wanted change perception of migrants , but they made the people that help them target of a hunt . 
  not only his brother will hunt them . 
  and all other migrants will be afraid to help . 
  it is nonsense !, 
  nobody can say how they would react before it really happens . 
  and a context is always important . 
  imagine : they have children and woman says she is lesbian and wants leave him , take children with her to live with her and her lesbian partner and wants him to pay on children . 
  and than he founds she knew she was lesbian all the time and married him only to have children . 
  tak\u00e9 it easy boy !, 
  you can see your sons twice a month . 
  ad linked video : you take into account only part of message contained in the linked video . 
  the main part is that representatives of the muslim brotherhood required in 1953 naseer to force all egyptian women wear hijab . 
  nseer died in 1970 . 
  the muslim brotherhood won parliamentary election in 2011 and presidential in 2012 . 
  if general sisi did not remove them by force they would have been at power forcing everybody not only hijabs . 
  ad hollande 's blabber : ( i am not french so my comment is an opinion from outside . ), 
  his words are not intended for french muslims . 
  he tries to address ethnically ( ? ), 
  french native non-muslim people that are afraid of non-integrated ( according some non-integrable ) muslims ( allegedly ) endangering or even destroying french culture and freedom . 
  his words are part of mass communication not a part of intellectuals ' debate . 
  he uses symbols , simple phrases and metaphors . 
  marianne is symbol of liberty and of the ( secular ) republic . 
  the liberty concept of french revolution time includes liberation from `` reactionary , deceiving , oppressive '' religion and its representatives . 
  revolution was long time ago but part of it is still present . 
  french traditional secularism is atheistic tolerating ( if at all ) religion only like a private thing . 
  * the concept of liberty encompasses right to criticize publicly any religion and particular beliefs . 
  if a believer is allowed to express publicly his belief `` allah is the only god and muhammad is his prophet ! '', 
  any other person can publicly express `` there is no god ! '', 
  and question muhammad 's credibility or even his mental health regardless a believer is offended by it . 
  * hijab ( burka , burkini ) become for large part of french a religious symbol representing women 's ( alleged ? ), 
  unequal social status , dependency , even enslavement etc. 
  why this happened ? 
  there are many women forced to wear it not in iran only . 
  of course there are women wanting to wear it . 
  but the negative perception of it prevails . 
  hijab is also a symbol of refusing western life style , separation , creating an estranged subculture and ghetto . 
  you can argue it is not truth etc. 
  it is not important in this context . 
  hollande tries convincing people that muslim ( particularly muslim women ) will accept in future french culture and full identity and become integral part of french society . 
   well-made burger even the best-made burger is only gastronomic barbarism . 
  enjoy your cola and burger in a fast-food on the corner of nth street but do n't forget to lick carefully ketchup and grease off your fingers . 
  it is great . 
  especially the scene with flag , her legs on the backgroun of the red strip ... ( 0:39 and 0:47 ), 
  `` at the age of 36 , abdel-nasser felt that we could ignore egyptian public opinion until we had reached our goals , but with the caution of a 53-year-old , i believed that we needed grassroots support for our policies , even if it meant postponing some of our goals . 
  i differed with the younger officers on the means by which to reach our goals , never on the principles . '', 
  [ muhammad naguib ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhammad_naguib ) naguib was right . 
  nasser and other arabian left radicals thought they could transform society quickly and economic prosperity could be achieved simply transferring wealth from rich to poor . 
  they supposed the dictatorship would be only temporarily form of government , but they did not succeed improve economy enough to cover fast population growth and eliminate influence of the muslim brotherhood and islam generally on poor people .
