  only last two habsburgs were not coronated by it and that contempt resulted in downfall of their empire it was considered a contempt for all our nation . 
  i think that symbols of our identity must be respected regardless our personal opinions or paneuropean fallacy . 
  and so i respect your queen and your anthem event though i am not royalist and british imperialism seems me to be a very unhappy aspect of european history . 
  and i think you should sing the anthem and respect the queen not because she is a nice grandma but because she is the most important symbol of english and british identity . 
  and jeremy corbyn is mistaken but david cameroon much more because he used this mistake in a very bad way . 
  he reminds me a character from a comedy by oscar wilde and it is funny only in a theatre to offend others in such a way . 
  you forced me to read the british anthem . 
  i must say i am very happy for the text of the czech anthem now . 
  it is so neutral that it was possible to sing it in public in the time of the austrian empire , in the czechoslovakia between wars , in the time of the german nazi protectorate , in the communist czechoslovakia , in the current czech republic . 
  nobody has any problem to sing it - democrats , plutocrats , republicans , anarchists , communists , socialists , liberals , catholics , protestants , atheists , football hooligans are not offended by the text , only pro habsburgian monarchists prefer `` gott erhalte , gott besch\u00fctze unsern kaiser , unser land ! '', 
  and some retards pity that it is not militant enough and prefer the husits ' war song `` ye who are warriors of god '' even thoug we are the most atheistic nation in europe . 
  i understand that anthem is a symbol of nation unity and the monarch is also a symbolic representation of it , but being democratic republican and catholic i am happy l can express unity with my nation not singing about any sovereign and not taking the name of the lord in vain . 
  poor jeremy c. wants to be truthful and is mocked . 
  i am afraid that people that support corbyn think that leaders like blair betrayed them . 
  sanders and trump are result of the same problem in the usa . 
  and it is not funny , it is a prelude to a catastrophe . 
  politics degenerated in permanent media manipulation and political correctness prevents name problems properly . 
  you have very bad politicians that do n't understand european complex reality and it is the reason of lover influence then germany has . 
  it started mrs. thatcher howling her famous mantra `` l want my money back !, 
  `` kaczynski from maintaining a very good personal relationship with putin . '', 
  do you have any evidence ? 
  i do n't like kaczynski , but if somebody wanted establish good relationship with putin , it was donald tusk before the smolensk accident . 
  german ? 
  we had it already once ... and it resulted in `` was ist des deutschen vaterland ? ... 
  we must force them to speak gaelic again !, 
  why they revolted against english supremacy ? 
  to keep using english crazy phrasal verbs ? 
  i think the best would be to run twice a day an occident express non stop from istanbul to folkestone . 
  no return tickets !, 
  poles only `` take the name of the lord thy god in vain '' more then average europeans . 
  you ca n't be both a christian and a militant narodowiec ( nationalist ) . 
  jesus said to pilate that his kingdom is not from this world . 
  so if some ( ! ), 
  poles proclaim him a king of poland they contradict him . 
  but these poles do not hear god 's voice but radio maryja and ojciec dyrektor . 
  the catholic church is universal and it ca n't be used as a national totem . 
  the main problem was the railway from bohumin to ko\u0161ice . 
  it was a vital connection with slovakia that was under pressure of hungary and several month later hungarian bolsheviks invaded slovakia . 
  polish autorities made several steps trying to create fait accompli . 
  the problem is that we create a system with a positive feedback . 
  the more migrants you help , the more migrants will come . 
  there is about a billion people living in moslem countries from west sahara to pakistan endangered by overpopulation , poverty , ethnic animosity , religious animosity , religious radicalism and pure banditism . 
  so there is an immense resource and europe can gain from it limited only by destruction of itself . 
  and all these summits and absurd plans show that the destruction started already . 
  after poles did n't hold the territory 600 years ? 
  the problem is that history of ireland especially after 1649 is not known enough eastwards from the channel . 
  as for historic responsibility - we produce semtex to this day . 
  but it is also an energy drink trade mark from 1995 , see http://www.semtex-energy.cz/ . 
  i do n't think it is imported in ireland now especially after our main dealer muammar k. was killed . 
  your territory ? 
  do you know what the congress of visegr\u00e1d in 1335 was about : it recognized the czech sovereignty over the whole duchy of silesia , which the czech kings had controlled , holding formally also the crown of poland . 
  in exchange for the recognition , the czech king john i of bohemia ( jan lucembursk\u00fd ) gave up the polish crown to casimir iii ( kazimierz iii wielki ) . 
  in 1742 silesia was stolen from the czech kingndom by a prussian rascal fritz called by germans `` friedrich ii . 
  please , do n't be sad and read what i explained kristynaz above . 
  you should not think as sapeur vodi\u010dka . 
  \u0160vejk already explained : `` a hungarian here or there also ca n't help being hungarian and be held responsible for it '' . 
  it is not an easy task to reestablish the old empire especially without habsburgs and austrians . 
  and we must win croatians and slovenians too . 
  in the situation when only one non controversial historic fact is that all our ancestors liked to dance polka and waltz , you ca n't scold hungarians for their language . 
  and it is beautiful to hear it particularly if a `` sz\u00e9p l\u00e1ny '' speaks . 
  no it seems be a czech europhile living abroad or a foreigner living in the czech republic trying convince czech `` rednecks '' he is not a vermin . 
  i agree with him - i like prety much every country . 
  but i like all this chauvinistic blabber too . 
  it is a very important part of the europen cultural heritage and it should not be oppressed . 
  eastern europeans especially balkans have a very horrible and long lasting experience with `` rapping and pillaging '' nations . 
  germans and turks prevented you to get there and so some people are deceived and think you are a decent and great-hearted nation ... but you are betraying brutes and robbers wearing tailcoats and bowlers . 
  if they asked irish ... 
  but irish and scots disappoint me too . 
  they are responsible for last celtic languages and they do n't care about it enough . 
  but fran\u00e7ois i. bought in 1516 leonardo da vinci inclusive his mona lisa :-) . 
  libyia was a common french & uk initiative . 
  czech here !, 
  but it is not easy to drink beer with you because you are able to drink piwo z sokiem malinowym , once it went in my mouth ... and it is dangerous too , because to be cautious is a treason in your country . 
  i appreciate sobieski and pilsudski , they saved us 1683 and 1920 , but a landing an aircraft in fog should not be performed as a heroic effort . 
  and you believe in absurd myths about us . 
  husits did not collect pictures so they did not want to stole that icon in czenstochowa , they wanted to destroy it only in the same way as they treated all art here . 
  and we are not all \u0160vejk charcters . 
  if you read that novel carefully you can see that we have wide spectrum of charcters here , for exmple lieutenant dub is a czech too and he is a professor as v\u00e1clav klaus is . 
  so i am czech , two my grand - grand mothers were germans , one grad - grand father was a pole , other ancestors came in 16th century from italy , other in 19th century from greece . 
  patrilineal grand grandfather was a czech ( or better moravian ) but a very loyal officer of kaiser franz josef . 
  i consider myself to be a really good czech partially of celtic origin :-) because germans and austrins are mostly germanized celts , only one crazy freiter aus braunau was a true nordic . 
  and i know a czech guy who 's mother was a german from ost and father was a soviet soldier , who rapped her in prague in 1945 . 
  she left him here and he was adopted by a czech couple , i think he is as good czech as our patriotic president , he is an alcoholic too . 
  i am afraid of germans making other nations `` europeans '' . 
  i am czech and that means i am an european by birth and that 's all . 
  publicity, 
   i do n't have any clue what trump is going to do are you sure he knows what to do ? 
  but it is not a marriage !, 
  he opposed the establishment of the republican party and verbally opposes all washington establishment . 
  but now he will be fully dependent on this establishment . 
  he has no own party and he needs many people to be able to execute the president 's office . 
  it is a small part of big [ neogothic kitsch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y49ro8a1slc ), 
   why the downvote i did n't downvote you , i replied only . 
  [ welcome in the castle hlubok\u00e1 nad vltavou ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/hluboka_klika.jpg ) !, 
  `` nil nisi rectum '' is schwrzenberg 's family motto . 
  the problem are bad principles on which is based european integration . 
  it is horrible attempt to solve complex problems by simple naive ways that are enforced without deep rational reflection of problems that they cause . 
  the result is gradual extinction of democracy , german economical and political domination , economic break-up of southern states , inability control external borders and external migration , economic colonization of eastern europe , large internal migration producing unmanageable social and economic tensions in target countries . 
  migration has very bad impact also on `` source '' countries striping them of educated people and skilled specialists and lowering pressure to resolve internal problems that causes economic problems , corruption , failing rule of law etc. 
  whole the system if fragile , an attempt to transform it could result in chaos , continuing present trend is direct route to catastrophe .
