  to track 1500 you need 30 000 , to tracka 15 000 you need 300 000 . 
  it looks like france would have police capcity problems . 
  they would have recruit hundreds thousands of civil collaborators like communist secret police in past to keep control . 
  but it would mean that france would become something like a police state . 
  and because of ethnic and religious solidarity it would be difficult to recruit people from the target community . 
  the same problem have germany and sweden . 
  communities in these countries are diversified : people from many nations and triebes speaking many various languages . 
  only arabic dialects are very different . 
  there are at least 6 main groups splitted in 20 o more subgroups . 
  edit : and if there are 15000 on `` police radar '' there must at least hundreds of thousands not loyal french citizens . 
  how to say in french `` wir schaffen das '' ? 
  it is about ethnical identity not about not being like a majority . 
  ethnical identity has many components . 
  part of it is related to territory and local geographic names . 
  and such fusion of administrative regions and renaming can awake sleeping ethnical identity . 
  catalans are identified with roussillon not with occitanie . 
  trough roussillon they can be part of france . 
  if france erases roussillon catalan identification with france could be weakened and the idea of common identity with catalans living in spain would be enforced . 
  it seems me to be very stupid idea born in a bureaucratic head in paris . 
  the more people you help the more people will come . 
  see sweden . 
  it is called a system with a positive feedback . 
  and systems having a postive feedback ends by a colapse . 
  it is not about thousands but millions . 
  the second problem is that these people have much bigger birth rate then europeans . 
  in france 25 % of children are not ethincally french . 
  it is about preventing some social problems , it is about severe ethnical , cultural conflicts and economical problems that no society is able to solve . 
  see there is 1 milion of people in netherland that do n't speak dutch , that live in seprated society . 
  in sweden after 15 years only 30 % of immigrants have a job . 
  how many people would you personally take in your flat to keep and feed them ? 
  regardless of constitutions crisis in africa and asia ca n't be `` solved '' by moving of milions of people from there in europe . 
  the main problem of this countries is big birth rate . 
  from the end of ww ii population increased by 4 or more in these countries . 
  if eropean states had the same birth rate , there would be more than 2.5 billions of people in europe , poverty and wars too . 
  the whole area has `` potential '' to send 60 milions of migrants in europe in short time . 
  european people ca n't and are not obliged to solve problems of these nations . 
   and asylum happens to be such a granted constitutional right asylum is not a granted constitutional right . 
  i do n't know constitutions of all democratic states , but the czech constitution specifies the political system of the czech republic and rights and duties of czech citizens . 
  asylum is subject of international treaties and particular laws that states exact rules to determine who should be treated as refugee and how refugees should be trated . 
  for example all people that are illegaly crossing turkey greek border break rules specified by international treaties and greek laws and laws of all countries they subsequently go in . 
  turkey is considered a safe country , so they have to stay there . 
  if they want to move in other country they have to ask authorities of that country to get permission . 
  maybe some catalans living in france think they are not french but catalans . 
  they probably consider catalans a different nation from french . 
  just like catalans ( large part of them ) living in spain do n't think they are spanish . 
   so basically a part of the population became russophone during the urss . 
  nonsense . 
  read history of russia and ukraine . 
  or at least this wikipedia article [ history of ukrainian nationality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_ukrainian_nationality ), 
  anything placed in public space must not be protected in this way . 
  the author was payed for his work a he knew that it would be a part of the public space . 
  this is in fact a privatization of the public space . 
   democracy in the western sense is first of all a great mythos that we understand less and less . 
  and this discussions and conflicts realted to migrants demostrate it very well . 
  each government can govern only with the consent of the governed . 
  the ways achieving consent are various , including brutal violence . 
  democratic way is based on a basic trust of large majority of people to the democatic political system and democratic political institutions . 
  the continuing mass immigration can break this necessary trust and it would be begining of very a bad crisis . 
   `` on behalf of a higher ethical standard we should accept refugees and take care of them even if the majority of the population is against migrants '' if the majority of the population really is against migrants this is a direct road to cathastrophe . 
  not because of breaking democratic mythology but because each society must live in a general consensus . 
  the consesus need not to be a result of a democratic discussion . 
  it can be a result of a real balance of forces , like in france after the defeat of paris commune or in czechoslovakia after 1968 . 
  however present political establishment has no real force that could be used to enforce policy that is against opinion of majority in such sensitive and emotionally strong problem . 
  they can try manipulate people by media but it is not so easy like before internet . 
   i walked around there for hours and hours it is a very bad strategy to visit a large gallery . 
  after such visit you feel like you had seen nothing . 
  befor such visit you must prepare for it to know what is there and to set priorities what to see . 
  and you should have at least some general knowledge and understanding of art presented in the gallery . 
  you ca n't see thousands of paintings in several hours . 
  search internet , you can find thousands of reproductions . 
  first you can search pictures using names of authors from the linked imgur galery . 
  you can find articles about dutch and flemish paintings and lists of dutch and flemish painters to search reproductions of their pictures . 
  only the wikipedia `` list of dutch painters '' contains more than 700 names of all periods ( 14th-20th century ) . 
  for religious and political reasons important part of dutch and flemish painting from 16th to 19th centrury is a `` genre painting '' : portraits , still life , marine , architecture and everyday life scenes ( markets , domestic settings , interiors , parties , inn scenes , and street scenes ) . 
  there are very good uk cars like morgan , i like it very much , they produce almost 1000 cars a year . 
  or mclaren , they produce almost 4000 cars a year . 
  however the rest of 1.5 milion of `` uk '' cars is produced in plants having parent headquarters in germany , japan and india . 
  these cars are uk 's like \u0160koda is czech . 
  this is an excellent example of absurd usage of an average value . 
  we need not apologize for that friendship means for us much more then a faked smile and chatting in a pub . 
  we need not explain that we smile when we have a reason and smiling without a reason is idiotic or manipulative . 
  you need not to be a drinker to have czech friends . 
  this we do n't consider to have a friend . 
  we distinguish aquitance ( zn\u00e1m\u00fd ) and friend ( p\u0159\u00edtel ) . 
  a friend is not a person that had a drink with you a formally friendly speaks with you . 
  to make friends requires more effort and longer time . 
  however much better then anything what came after , including pangerman eu . 
   superstitions . 
  most czechs believe in various very absurd and very various superstitions : black cat crossing your path , neoceltic paganism , neoconservativism or even an invisble hand of market and ufo . 
  however , i do n't understand your remark in the context of my reply . 
  i am czech polonofil of catholic origin , but i have no ilusion about polish catholic morality , though i do n't think each polish priest is like jozef weselowski . 
  i like polish literature , do you know poems and plays by alexander fredro ? 
  and adultery is a common thing in poland like in any other country from begining of polish history . 
  why boleslaw ii murdered bishop stanislaus ? 
  if in poland was systematic paternity testing the result would have been much worse then 4 % , because in poland is stronger social pressure not to divorce and conceal problems . 
  there was a very prudent ancient roman legal principle : `` mater semper certa , pater semper incertus . '', 
  genetic testing breaks it and it ca n't bring anything good . 
   are you positive 30 % of all intercourses married women had were extra-marital ? 
  30 % of children had biological father different then legal . 
  at birds it is about 40 % .
