  brexit should be a gradual process , not a break . 
  breaks are the worst things for economy . 
  and it is the same for russian and all other slavic languages , because old slavic word for sunday is \u043d\u0435\u0434\u0463\u043b\u044f ( ned\u011b\u013ea ) . 
  czech st\u0159eda is mid - week , not a wotan 's day . 
  it is really not a good genetic background . 
  europe is full of such :-) . 
  nonsense !, 
  population growth in africa is result of improved quality of life . 
  natural regulation of population is by diseases , famine , intraspecific aggression ( wars ) . 
  the quality of life in africa improved incredibly quickly in last 100 years . 
  they underwent change , that lasted in europe more than 1500 years and was much more painful , cruel and hard . 
  they must lower their reproduction to improve life quality . 
  but it is against their culture and religion . 
  hormonal contraception simulates pregnancy and it suppress natural carving to have children , because limbic system gets deceptive information that woman is already pregnant . 
  for some women it lowers their sexual needs too . 
   merkel killed of all potential rivals . 
  same as kohl . 
  but he underestimated merkel that finished him . 
  maybe merkel also underestimates someone . 
  the house of sch\u00f6nborn is a noble and mediatised former sovereign princely family . 
  they are aristocrats of the same rank as the house of saxe-coburg and gotha called now the house of windsor . 
  i do n't think they pamper their offsprings less carefully . 
   europe also done things with force to achieve the secularisation undoubtedly , i personally knew many priests that were long time in prison in my country . 
  some were even executed or murdered . 
  my father was kicked off his job , after he let baptized my sister . 
  secularization in muslim world mostly failed and very large part of indifferent muslims become active or even fundamentalist . 
  in eu states political role of christianity and church is marginal , only poland is an exception . 
  and any attempt to apply christian moral values in lawmaking is limited to standard democratic processes and is subject of large discussion . 
  naming political party christian is `` taking the name of god in vain '' . 
  i think that nobody would dare to name so a political party in the 19th century . 
   they strenghtened islamist parties by keeping them off of politics . 
  if they did not , what would have happened ? 
   pretty similar to how italian fascism is born . 
  it 's a difference coin of the same medal such parallel first of all ignores the most important feature of islam : it is a theocratic religion . 
  italian fascism was fundamentally antireligious . 
  many western people do such parallel , because they do n't understand how religion works and how powerful it is as a source of identity and a society integrating force . 
  such parallel is in fact malicious because it evokes an impression that it is something we know from our own history . 
  we must study and describe islam and islamism without these parallels . 
  fascism was a response to 19th century economic and social situation opposing both liberalism and communism . 
  it was the `` third way '' that was very successful before they attacked the soviet union . 
  however its ideology was mixed heir of european enlightenment and romanticism . 
  modern islamism is part of islam ( including isis extremism ) and it opposes 21th century globalization and western supremacy . 
  it is heir of various parts of islam tradition . 
  because main stream western thinking considers religion something ridiculous and obscurant they interpret islamism as a mixture of `` middle age '' obscurantism and fascism . 
  and it is stupid and dangerous mistake . 
  islam is not `` something like christianity '' . 
  it is a big mistake to think it . 
  it is from begining political and legal system . 
  christianity not . 
   there is demand . 
  secularization in europe started in 18th century and christianity is a very different system from islam . 
  what is going now as a main stream in muslim world is not secularization , just opposite : revival of islam like a main social and political ideology . 
  atat\u00fcrk , mohammad reza pahlavi , nasir forced secularization , other dictators , including saddam , gaddafi , assad or boumediene , tried keep islam off politics , but it was possible only using force . 
   east and maghreb will be democratic it is much more probable that democracy unfortunately extincts as political system also in west . 
  it looks like they do n't understand that islam is a theocratic system . 
  it covers religion , law and political organization and it is fundamentally contrary to the liberal democratic model . 
  you ca n't be a liberal democrat and a muslim simultaneously . 
  obama knows it very well , but i am affraid that bush jr. and his neocon advisors like wolfowitz really thought that it is possible to implement a democratic system in iraq . 
  the success of it should `` infect '' other middle east states . 
  these neocons are in fact like leftist radicals believing in ideology not using common reason . 
  in military intervention in libya took part of following states : nato belgium , bulgaria , canada , denmark , france , italy , netherlands , norway , romania , spain , united kingdom , united states other : jordan , qatar , sweden , united arab emirates so it was not action of eu , but many eu members took part in it , not only france and uk . 
  the truth is that cameron and sarkozy forced it . 
  so eu must give money for it !, 
  it is responsibilty of greek authorities . 
  if they have n't capacity and funds other european have to help - send people , needed stuff and money . 
  but i do n't think greece need people , there is high unemployment . 
  diesel fuel is a fraction of oil or it is produced from biomass . 
  if it was not used in diesel engines in cars , how it would have been used ? 
  it is a co-product of gasoline production . 
  that was the reason why it was much cheaper then gasoline in past though it has higher energy density . 
  i do n't know how it is used in usa , maybe in power plants . 
  electric cars require electric energy production and distribution network . 
  present policy is replacement existing production of electric energy based on fosil fuels and nuclear energy by renewable resources . 
  mass transition to electric cars requires gigantic increase of electric energy production that ca n't be achieved by current renewable energy technologies . 
  nuclear energy is a big problem and for many reasons it ca n't be used for quick replacement of fossil fuels . 
  so the quick increase of electric energy production is possible only building fossil fuel power plants . 
  however , production electric energy , distribution , charging accumulators and final transformation to mechanical energy is complex process having lower efficiency than direct transformation of diesel chemical energy into mechanical energy . 
  so it could increase fossil fuels consumption and production of co2 and other polutants . 
  democracy in ukraine does n't work because any working political system is result of long previous history of people governed by it . 
  it is not about formal introduction institutions , rules and procedures . 
  political systems in west european states and their societies underwent a very long , complicated process to be what they are now . 
  see only france history from 1789 . 
  though these states are now formally democratic , the real power and real policy is also a result of many forces acting in behind of the visible part of the system , that are not under any democratic control . 
  and state that 's society is deeply divided ca n't be governed by democratic mechanisms . 
  the main problems of ukraine , that russia uses , are incoherent identities and antagonistic interests of large parts of ukrainian society . 
  even not all people identified with ukrainian state do n't support pro-western orientation . 
  these problems ca n't be resolved by military actions or declaring that all people living in ukraine are of ukrainian nationality or oppressing russian language . 
  maidan was a revolution that finally refused a compromise . 
  not compromise with russia , but internal compromise . 
  and it is the biggest ukrainian issue . 
  winners of maidan count on eu and usa now . 
  but how could eu resolve ukrainian economic problems if it is not able to resolve own problems ( see greece ) . 
  usa are able to start a proxy war in ukraine . 
  but usa won only one proxy war in past - afghanistan . 
  but it was a pyrrhic victory , creating among others taliban and al qaeda . 
  ukraine 's government proposal !, 
  i do n't understand why this is here . 
  mentality of `` big '' nations that feel superior . 
  germans `` spread their culture '' in east europe for thousand years . 
  i red somewhere that systematic tracking one potential terrorist in germany requires about 20 police agents .
