   the brothers aged 14 and 15 said physical contact with women who were not family members was against their faith . 
   muslim families have won court victories against schools that attempted to ban the full face veil . 
   muslim parents have demanded that their daughters be exempt from swimming lessons . 
  we ca n't accept that these things are covered by `` religious freedoms '' . 
  we had an `` adamites '' sect in 15th century that `` lived communally , practicing social and religious nudity , free love and rejecting marriage , forcing minors to sex etc '' . 
  they were too progresive for epoch their lived ... 
  however , i could proclaim me a neo-adamite and demand be allowed go in public transport nude sitting just at prudish moslems . 
  finally some native mexicans could procalaim themsleves neo-aztec demading to be allowed sacrifice human beings in honor of their gods . 
  this example is exaggerated . 
  however , religious freedom means freedom of religious opinion rite and not basic cultural behavior in school . 
   since the dissolution of the soviet union soviet union was dissoluted in 1991 , isil was proclaimed 2014 . 
   why issue a new warning ? 
  article is about a concern of isil actual ( ! ), 
  efort to obtain mass destruction substances to use it as weapons in europe and uk . 
  nato authorities have information that isil is intersting in it . 
  of course there is no specification of an information source . 
  isil could get it from many sources . 
  for example north korea and paksitan have such substances and working weapons based on it too . 
  hopefully , saddam 's such weapons were destroyed . 
  article also mentions '' short range missiles such as surface to air rockets '' without a specific relation to mass destruction substances . 
  and where would be the european solidarity ? 
  we can organize a gigantic multi-flash-mob . 
  take thousands coach buses and go in tens of thousands in uk in each town in each village personally persuade them we need them . 
  we can bring them all european gastronomic delicacies . 
  we can take there the most beautiful continental girls and let them dance in their squares , let them see we are not ugly and horrible . 
   those apartment buildings are surely not up to human habitation standards , knock them down . 
  those buildings were standard type of houses built in 1979 . 
  they destroyed it themselves . 
  the problem started by moving there gypsies from gypsy slum settlements . 
  there are videos illustrating gypsy `` classical romantic '' slums : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyvfg3bdvhw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uz7whku_uoy, 
   is that the word because of amfetamina it is argot word having long hisotry . 
  it is derived from german `` fett '' in english `` fat '' `` fatty '' . 
  originally it was related to alcohol intoxication . 
  british ruling class always egoistically always push only their own interests and profit . 
  they do n't care about they own people . 
  why should they care of other nations ? 
   people learn and adapt all the time no doubt about it !, 
  but the result is important . 
  and it is not something like `` live after said nations values '' . 
  there are now many millions live proves in europe that it does n't work . 
  however not each is going to make a suicidal attack . 
  and there is no system of european cultural ideas that could a foreigner simply absorb to be an `` european '' . 
  our society is plural and full of internal conflicts and contradictons . 
   you should absolutely try to learn , understand and live after said nations values it is impossible in fact . 
  that is the main problem . 
  it is not a rare case ... 
  there are three different names that sound and are written kaplan . 
  european name is derived from norman french word `` caplain '' turkish name kaplan meaning a tiger . 
  ashkenazi jewish name related to cohen . 
   `` we 've been na\u00efve '' a politician can be anything but na\u00efve . 
  naive politicians must go just now , at the latest immediately . 
  a successfully integrated islamist , is n't he ? 
  he is not unemployed , not hanging around streets touching girls in crotch ... what more or better could you ask for ? 
   do n't absorb influence and cultural ideas from natives a human being is a not sponge . 
  formation of human `` soul '' is a long process starting when he is in the mother 's womb . 
  you ca n't simply implement a new `` program '' in a human head and restart it . 
  what integration should be ? 
  do we know it ? 
  our society is not a homogenous integrated unit . 
  it is a very complicated structure having many `` components '' and one person takes part in many of them . 
  our culture and political system is not simple , it is a labyrinth in fact . 
  there are many contradictions and divisions . 
  a few people are aware that main coexisting leading ideas contradict each other like democracy and liberalism for example . 
  our society is inaccessible in fact . 
  an immigrant is alone , but each man needs to be a part of a human community , he needs group of people having similar view of world , accepting him , helping him . 
  there are now sex educating pages for refugees in germany . 
  it is crazy . 
  75 % o immigrants are young men without women . 
  they are not gays . 
  they need women not an on-line manual of proper european sexual behavior and views . 
  is integration ever possible ? 
  irresponsible childish freaks ... like all libertarians, 
  i am sorry it is long ... because it is confusing and hiding what racism is and how it `` works '' . 
  if you use the term `` racism '' according that `` definition '' you put many very different problems together under inappropriate term preventing real understanding of problems . 
  ------ following statements are an explanation of racism not a declaration of my belief . 
  i am not a racist !, 
  ------ a. racism is derived from the term `` race '' . 
  a human race is ac concept sorting people according to biological features . 
  a set of distinctive features defines a race . 
  each person belongs to a race or is of mixed race . 
  it is like sorting dogs in breeds . 
  you are born in a race , you ca n't change it . 
  biological features are hereditary . 
  ------ c. your race is determining your biological features and your biological features determine your skills and abilities . 
  so your skills and abilities are determined by your race . 
  ------ d. skills and abilities determine technical and cultural advancement . 
  ------ e. racism says that some races have better skills then other . 
  some races are inferior , same races are superior . 
  some races are harmful and / or degenerated . 
  ------ f. superior race is `` naturally '' authorized to rule , exploit , oppress , abuse or even eradicate an inferior race . 
  ------ g. racism is not about an individual hate primarily . 
  you need not to hate black people to enslave them . 
  racism is for you a justification to do it and consider yourself a good and moral person , because you are a superior race and a black person is an inferior . 
  to enslave him is your natural right , sometimes even your duty . 
  you need not to hate jews but you can take part in mass murdering them because they are degenerated race that harms your superior nordic race . 
  not only you can do it , you are obliged to do it to defend your superior race . 
  doing it you are a hero fighting for a better world . 
  -- h . a person can be a racist and not behave outwardly according his belief . 
  if you hate and oppress jews because `` they murdered jesus '' , it is not racism , it is religious intolerance or hatred . 
  if you hate jews saying their all thieves because a jewish competitor forced your grandfather to sell him his company for a bad price and your family is now poor , it is not racism .
