  january = leden = month of ice february = \u00danor = melting of ice march = b\u0159ezen = birches sprouts april = duben = oaks sprouts may = kv\u011bten = blooming june = \u010cerven = red fruits ( like strawberries ) july = \u010cervenec = ( more ) red fruits august = srpen = harvesting with sickle september = z\u00e1\u0159\u00ed = begining of rutting season october = \u0158\u00edjen = rutting season november = listopad = leves fall december = prosinec = people eat millet ( proso ), 
  he was the worst russian ruler from the time of false dmitry i in 1606 . 
  they got it very well !, 
  that 's why they have not it , but have 640 thousands army active personel in peace time , about 400 thousands reserves and 21 millions males and 20 million females available for military service . 
  you do !, 
   party which is entirely composed of ex-communist and ex-christian democrats we have succeeded to keep communists and christian democrats separate up to now in the czech republic . 
  downvotes are not for expression of disegreement but for irrelevancy . 
  first of all : no underage people should be treated as adults . 
  we do n't know what she did after she left germany . 
  we do n't know if she stayed there voluntarily . 
  if she tried to leave and was caught she would have been killed . 
  we only know : `` arrested by iraqi forces , she was part of a group of 20 female isis supporters from russia , turkey , canada , libya and syria who had barricaded themselves with guns and explosives in a tunnel underneath the ruins of mosul 's old city . '', 
  they probably were orderd to do it and i do n't think they probaly did n't put up resistance ; otherwise they would not have survived . 
  each state is bound to protect their citizens even if they are captured for a crime abroad . 
  their country must help them not to be treated unjustly . 
  if there is a risk they would be treated unjustly their country should help them escape . 
  also in the case if they challenge death penalty , their country must help them to avoid it . 
  there are many ways how people can adress the prime minister in a parliamentary republic . 
  according to the constitution the people exercise their power through their elected representatives in the parliament . 
  so they can and have to communicate with them in various ways . 
  waste majority were men of muslim origin and adult . 
  she is minor , girl and ethnic german . 
  it is very unusual and less understable . 
  why non-religious ethnic german girl become a muslim and needs to express her belief to accompany isis ? 
   the overwhelming majority of italians wants to see these illegals kicked out of europe could they say it somehow mr. gentiloni ? 
  democracy is not voting only . 
  it is first of all seeking consensus in discussions on many levels in the society . 
  voting should be confirmation of consensus . 
  and even after voting the discussion can continue and result in a new voting . 
  if the real discussion is replaced by media manipulation it is end of democracy . 
  it is impossible to know , how europe and whole world would be if ... 
  the same nonsense in other wording . 
  dangerous delusions of social engeneering . 
  human society is not an enterprise and there is nobody who knows `` the correct way to solve a problem '' . 
  consider demographic development in europe and the whole world . 
  you ca n't import `` europeans '' from africa and muslim countries . 
   good european wide propaganda machine absolute nonsense !, 
  democracy is not manipulating people by a propaganda . 
  it principally anti-democratic approach . 
  and it ca n't work ; it is only a way in catastrophe . 
  communists also belived in it . 
  `` propagandists '' believe that they are the enlightened owners of truth and other people are blind idiots . 
  europe ca n't be a unified superpower and stay democratic . 
  democracy is not about formal institutions or simply voting . 
  it is first of all about ability to find consensual solution of problems by discussions . 
  europe is too heterogenous structure for it . 
  it is like austrian ( austro-hungarian ) empire in 19th century . 
  brexit is a good example of inability to find the necessary consensus . 
  fast expansion of eu was failure . 
  merging europe in a working democratic structure requires much longer time then we have . 
  no he is a man who abuses his economic power to undermine legally elected goverments . 
  he is no real deomocrat . 
  he is first of all a monstrous thief abusing disfunctional global economic system having [ megalomaniac psychopatic personality ] ( http://yournewswire.com/george-soros-i-am-a-god-i-created-everything/ ) . 
  he is essence of perversity of our politcal and economic system . 
  have you tried tee tree oil ? 
  it helped me to get rid of chronic ingrown toenail inflammations ( together with special grinding of the toenail curvature ) . 
  it looks like even north-european brains started to melt from heat . 
  such self-presentation questions its content . 
  i think that primary causes of migration are well known ( fast population growth ) . 
  the `` instability '' will last next tens of years and migration destabilise european countries and whole eu . 
  we have very limited abilities to resolve the primary causes so we must concetrate on cutting migration flow . 
  and the only place we can cut it is mediterranean sea and turkish ground border with greece and bulgary . 
  other efforts means to be blackmailed by various countries or insurgents controlling parts of them . 
  what part of migrants got from libya to italy not using ngo or frontex ships in last 18 months ? 
  these people went in libya by their own decision . 
  they embark on unsafe boats by their own decision . 
  they first navigate in libyan waters if libyan costal guard reaches them they are obliged to rescue them and take them back in libya . 
  they do it now . 
  ngo ships and frontex wait on border of libyan waters . 
  ngo ships collaborate with smugglers . 
  frontex duty is to protect european border , they together with ngo ships are the key component the smuggling system . 
  it would be much cheaper safe if there was standard traject going to tripoli and back dailly taking 4000 migrants here . 
  there are milliions of people in africa that would like come in europe . 
  african population was 250 million in 1955 , 1250 million it is now and 2500 million will be in 2050 . 
  take it easy , wir schaffen das . 
  they are obliged to take rescued in a nearest safe harbour . 
  the neares harbour is tripoli or harbours in tunesia , not in italy . 
  4000 a day is only 120 000 a month and 1 460 000 a year . 
  no wrong way to transform eastern germany into a part of bundesrepublik . 
  it was too fast unification . 
  it is not only about moving all pretty girls and clever young people westward . 
  it is also about billions dm and euro drowned in useless infrastructure projects not supporting existing industry . 
  and it is not only about eastern germany . 
  nuclear power has one basic reason : higher power that is required for the real supercarrier . 
  planning nimitz class engeneers calculated that nuclear power is necessary to have sufficient power . 
  us supercarriers have stronger armament , 70 aicrafts , 100 000 tons displacement . 
  30 knots speed , qeen elisabeth carries 40 aircrafts , has 70 000 tons , displacement , 25 knots speed . 
  just austro-hungarian empire and its army is a very good example how difficult is to manage multinational political structures . 
  i pitty it perished , but we have to analyse very carefully all its problems and causes of downfall . 
  it was a predcessor of eu much more illustrative then any other european state in past . 
  a-h army failed repeatedly for many reasons in wwi and one of thr reasons was the ethnic and cultural heterogenity . 
  islamisation is a fundament of eu ? 
  protection of eu borders evidently failed . 
  too long reply : him being elected is first of all a symptom and result of very serious crisis of the western european political system based on `` swinging left-right pendulum '' and long time existing political parties based on distinguished ideologies and representing interests of differentiated social classes . 
  it was accompanied by `` non-systemic '' representing extreme positions or minority interests . 
  this political system was also formally implemented in eastern european `` new democracies '' but it never worked there . 
  it was like a political '' [ cargo cult ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cargo_cult ) '' having often criminals and semi-criminals on the background ( various `` godfathers '' lighting their cigars with the highest value banknotes ) collaborating mutually to steal public property and sucking out money from public budgets . 
  such liberal democratic `` cargo cult also brought greece in hell this system gradually ceased to work and is unable produce stabilized political leadership able solve serious problems , which european countries are exposed to . 
  there is a wide range of causes ; some are principal implicated by changes in society and production and communication technologies other are result of wrong political approaches and solutions . 
  for example the classical `` blue collars '' working class shrank being replaced by growing mass of people working in services or `` proletarized '' white collars .
