  an engineer could be very skilled and used it to make dangerous weapons . 
  what could happen with lone children is well know -- drugs , street gangs . 
  a woman can also wear an explosive belt on her body . 
  a remark to integration :  lawyers a syrian lawyer coming in sweden -- how long takes it him to get a lawyer job ? 
  he knows syrian law system very well , he knows the syrian - arab language , maybe some other language spoken in syria . 
  if he came in the czech republic and wanted to have any better white collar job , he would have to know czech language very well as well as english . 
  that means to learn quickly two foreign languages . 
  i do not think it 's different in sweden, 
  just now it looks like germans decided to delegate the germanness on turks and arabs and other good islamic warriors and with dignity burn themsleves in multikultur walhalla . 
  european politics has degenerated into a black farce . 
  democracy has been replaced by media manipulation . 
  politicians become buffoons who you ca n't laugh . 
  a deception is the sole certitude . 
  it seems that the next wave of migration could roll to germany from turkey . 
  then , after two generations bundestagspr\u00e4sident will ask the islamic constitution , after new generations radicalize hearing popular deutsch-saudi preachers . 
  damn , where we put that iron curtain ? 
  great expectations . 
  thanks, 
  who could be pm if majority was for `` remain '' ? 
  could dc continue in such situation ? 
  i would recomend him a trip in barcelona : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:hopscotch_to_oblivion.jpg, 
   the eu pretty much helped destroy that area in the first place . 
  eu supported arsonists and then pretended to be a fireman . 
  it looks like the english people like black comedies excessively ... 
  i have n't laughed so hard in a long time , because here is the article in the guardian from 2013 : ** eu should extend further into former soviet union , says david cameron ** http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/01/eu-extend-soviet-union-david-cameron first sentences from the article : `` speaking in kazakhstan , british pm says european union should stretch from the atlantic to the urals . '', 
  '' ** david cameron arrives in kazakhstan , where he said : ` we have a wide vision of europe and we have always encouraged countries that want to join . 
  ' ** '' `` david cameron has said the eu should extend its membership deeper into the former soviet union , calling for its borders to run from the atlantic to the urals . 
  speaking in the former soviet republic of kazakhstan on the day that former yugoslav republic croatia became the eu 's 28th member state , the prime minister ** hailed the power of the eu to transform divided societies . 
  ** ''  from the atlantic to the urals spliting russia and siberia giving chineses ? 
  and this man is british pm up to now !, 
  having lived some years under the gerontocracy of soviet leaders i have a large understanding for them . 
  by the way : seeing age of us democratic presidency candidates i am engulfed by a silent horror . 
  if so , gott sei dank !, 
  the one ( business ) man show-party is a horrible mess , because monsters and fiends like hide behind the frontman 's back . 
  we have it here ... 
  the quick increase of support for him signalizes that a large part of his supporters are not `` core '' supporters of his party . 
  i read the election message as : - stop immigration at any costs . 
  - play on two party `` democracy '' performed by sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp failed . 
  - austria must find a new model of government . 
  it ca n't be henceforth model based on partially silent agreement to divide all country among party men of sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp . 
  however i do n't think they should call habsburgs to hofburg !, 
  if hofer was the president , all euro-freaks would start bully all austria for it . 
  they would try isolate him and many people in austria would be offended and much more radical ... 
  the kurt waldheim affair was a joke in comparison with the coming threat . 
  he ( and all austria with him ) was ostracized because of a skeleton in the closet . 
  hofer is involved in hottest actual problems and austria has been considered an `` advanced '' eu member , not a beggars ' state somewhere in the east . 
  putin served as a kgb resident in dresden using a cover identity as a translator . 
  so simply say it is a brazen theft ... 
   uk had to stand tall and lead in europe i think that just this is necessary . 
  however , i do n't see any british politician to be able to do it . 
  generally most european leaders seems to be untrustworthy , weak , lacking foresight . 
  angela merkel can crush them like chocolate dolls . 
  it is important information . 
  however , did they take it on their will or after someone authorized offered it ? 
  what would happen with it if they did not take it ? 
  the author is lecturer in marketing ... 
  the church is not a business company and pope is not a manager of a company . 
  the church ca n't follow sinners and fools to be popular despite fact that there are many sinners and fools in the church too . 
  the church is not here to satisfy someone 's needs . 
  it looks like these social deomcrats are asocial autocrats . 
  if britain stays their leaders should immediately to rethink their relation european union as political project and not limit their policy to gaining only a particular economical profit . 
  it does n't mean they should accept it as it is now . 
  however britain should promote itself to be a real leader state in the eu . 
  they could take advantage of current particular dissent of eastern european countries more or less opposing german merkel 's policy and being afraid of a german dominancy . 
  such task requires real statesmen not only politicizing tradesmen . 
  however , the old friends from the bullingdon club that prepared themselves to their political leadership trashing restaurants and college rooms are not qualified enough for such a task . 
  if people steal water from marathon is not good . 
  however , what would happen when they start in large crowds loathe shops or flats and houses ? 
  i googled `` austrian celebrity nude '' pictures . 
  majority of first found pictures are sonja kirchberg ( 1964 ) . 
  after i removed `` nude '' , schwarzenegger peered at me . 
  is something fresher available ? 
  however , a nude franz josef would be undoubtedly hit !, 
  pan-germanists ruined habsburg empire and finally they achieved that 12 million germans were expelled from eastern and central europe ... perpetuum debile, 
  i know it . 
  they are great warriors so germans could hire them to keep peace inside germany , like they hired in past other foreign people to do jobs they did not want to do themselves . 
  after they would delegate the whole german european mission on various incomers they could with dignity retire in walhalla to burn themselves . 
   czechs stopped resisting for a long time 400 years ago , czechs have not stopped resisting . 
  we are a smaller nation in a different geopolitical position . 
  we have to use different strategies to survive . 
  during last 200 years we succeed resist germanization , we have restored our language and culture . 
  sometimes we must be `` lachende bestien '' . 
  sometimes we have to be cunning like foxes and not directly fighting like lions . 
  sometimes we must first accept something wrong not to be forced to something much worse and than we would sabotage it as much as possible . 
  the community is big enough to be autonomous unit in german society . 
  they have mosques , schools , use their language every day . 
  they are organized by religion that is not religion of majority . 
  erdogan reintegrated turkish identity with islam and turks in germany accept it . 
  it strengthens bariere between them and majority . 
  they have high birth rate , their community is growing . 
  you would have to strip them of their language and religion . 
  if their were german only speaking atheists you would have had a chance to integrate them . 
   traitors rather insane, 
  there are unfortunately many people in world for whom is more important who is the american president then who is a president in their country . 
  germans will be forced to invite gurkha warriors with their nice kukri knives to keep multicultural peace . 
  i think that dual citizenship is an expression of a dual identity , it is not a cause of it . 
  stopping dual citizenship you ca n't suppress the dual identity . 
  problem is that identity to turkey could be dominant and identity to germany only weak and particular . 
   bohemia had been rather `` german '' than `` czech '' in nature for a millenium in this , certainly we ca n't agree !, 
  in bohemia always lived czech speaking majority .
