   merkel 's spokesman said the government would take a few days to look into the issue before deciding whether b\u00f6hmermann should be prosecuted incredible !, 
  unacceptable !, 
  horrible !, 
  such attempt abuse power ca n't be tolerated !, 
  is she a bolshevik ? 
   german government , and not the state prosecutor , has to decide ??? 
  you should better read what racism is before you use it as an insult . 
  people and politicians refuse migrants not because of a `` race '' but because at first they think it is impossible to manage it not to destroy ourselves . 
  they are afraid of islam and refuse it . 
  my nation is mostly atheistic and secular ( me not ) , most people are very suspicious and distrustful to any religion . 
  and if a religion teaches its believers to hate and fight us it is unacceptable . 
  we understand that majority of migrants do n't intend to murder us but we have experience that a radical minority is very often decisive . 
  and we were taught by history to believe anybody who says they want to destroy you . 
  inhabitants of eeu are predominantly people ( or descendants of them ) that did not flee despite war , nazi and communist dictatorship . 
  what a laconic comment ... 
  there should be mandatory regular overall medical examination of all children and adolescents twice a year including drug abuse and basic psychological testing . 
  parents must know they would be punished if anything like this happens . 
  the first cause is easy access to efficient birth control methods , particularly hormonal . 
  the hormonal contraception simulating biochemic effects of gravidity has two synergic effects : blocking conception and eliminating a natural desire to have babies . 
  sometimes it has third one - lowering sexual drive . 
  the second cause is a basic divergence between our biological core functionality that is reproduction and organization of society and economy . 
  however it is clear that preventing reproduction in biological optimal age result in rising health problems of mothers and children . 
  a women have highest biological forces before she is 30 . 
  in europe she spends them studying , making money , traveling , partying and having sex not related to reproduction and very ofen not having a deeper relationship . 
  but society ignoring its biological base shall extinct . 
  but it would be a very unpleasant life for last generations . 
  thanks , you are right . 
  we have but we should not use for this cases . 
  it brings nothing good . 
  we have better keep an old roman-law principle : mater semper certa est. 
  ( the mother is always certain . 
  the father is always uncertain . ), 
  not to examine anything as it brings nothing good . 
  it is humiliation and tragedy not only for greeks . 
  the czech kingdom was ruled by the jagiellonian dynasty from 1471 and from 1527 to 1918 habsburgs were czech kings , the czech kingdom was an important part of their empire . 
  from beginning of 16th century czech soldiers participated in wars with the ottoman empire . 
  smaller detachments of czechs already participated in the battle of varna 1444 . 
  when the ottoman empire occupied hungary turks and tatars plundered south east of the czech kingdom . 
  it is expression of ideas that ended in catastrophe : millions people murdered in wars and 12 million germans finally stripped of all property and expelled from east and central europe . 
  `` all animals are equal , but some animals are more equal than others '' . 
  the song was written as a part of the incidental music to the comedy fidlova\u010dka ( 1834 ) , the music is by the composer franti\u0161ek \u0160kroup and the text ( in czech language ! ), 
  by the playwright josef kajet\u00e1n tyl . 
  the comedy fidlova\u010dka is banal but the song soon became very popular among czechs and was accepted as an informal anthem of a nation . 
  in 1918 the first strophe of it became first part of the czechoslovak anthem and from the split of czechoslovakia it is the czech national anthem . 
  the main problem of habsburg monarchy was prussian pangermanism and hungarian nationalism first . 
  the effort to build national states of germans and hungarians in areas , where many other nations lived , raised a storm of nationalism that habsburgs could not manage . 
  they looked for ways to keep the monarchy and transform it . 
  ferdinand d'este , murdered in sarajevo 1914 , prepared a large reform but wwi destroyed the monarchy . 
  you should understand it also in context of industrialization and liberalism of 19th century . 
  loyalty to a king and belief in the god was replaced by a cult of an own nation and belief in the progress . 
  but still you live safely far from us over the channel . 
   erdogan 's wife and harem http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35773208, 
  as a czech i would not say `` ja '' but `` jo '' . 
  if austrians or bavarians or saxons are more austrians or bavarians or saxons then germans they could not only be bearable they could be yet nice . 
  but if they are more germans then austrians or bavarians or saxons it is not easy to live close to them . 
  and when they start sing `` was ist des deutschen vaterland ? '', 
  it becomes so disturbing that we are asking `` kde domov m\u016fj ? '', 
  but to be honest it is still better then if some of them start to preach europeanism and multiculturalism . 
  i think it is now eminent and urgent to acknowledge that we ( smaller nations ) need to build something like the old monarchy was to have a quiet undisturbed place to quarrel mutually and to dance together cs\u00e1rd\u00e1s and polka and walzer . 
  so if i declare to be oppressed and discriminated by refering me using singular pronoun , because i feel i have many identities , the equality ombudsman shall investigate my complaint ? 
  is there a pronoun grammatic-number neutral ? 
  it looks like the equality ombudsman replaced psychoterapists ... 
  sorry i ca n't agree : italian fascism is a form of radical , authoritarian nationalism that is `` against the backwardness of the right and the destructiveness of the left '' but it is integral part of european political thinking that started in the enlightenment . 
  it is secular and rational . 
  it is violent and anti-liberal , anti-democratic . 
  core of islam is deformed and very simplified judaism , affected by strong fatalism . 
  it is extended into a theocratic political and law system that is very far from any european law systems . 
  it is similarly violent and anti-liberal , anti-democratic as fascism , but it is something very different . 
  the article overrates influence of academic intellectuals . 
  western universalistic liberal cultural , economic , and political order fails in eastern europe , russia , iran not because anybody read heidegger . 
  political and economic systems in usa , canada and non-post-communist european states differ significantly , however they have similar formal structures . 
  these systems have developed during long time . 
  trying mechanically transfer those formal structures in societies having different history and different conditions results in dysfunctional systems . 
  putin 's russia is `` non-liberal '' because yeltsin 's era wrecked whole country , eastern-european states have dysfunctional system of politic parties that formally propagate different `` ideas '' and `` solutions '' but the core ideology is kleptocracy driven by collaborating godfathers behind the scenes . 
  iran revolution was caused by shah pahlavi who wanted westernize and secularize society integrated by islam . 
  the universalistic liberal system is in a serious crisis itself in all western countries . 
  the neoliberal movement resulted in irresolvable financial crisis , political system of two competing and dominating left and right parties degenerates in `` big coalitions '' proving that it became a covering play only . 
  `` liberal '' culture results in moral principles endangering biological substance of society because sex separated from relationships and reproduction means biological extinction . 
  importing `` human resources '' from different cultures to solve it is a suicide . 
  nobody needs to read heidegger to see that all universalistic claims of any order results first in hypocrisy and later in conflicts and catastrophes . 
  a very unhappy event that endangers help for many others : the christian refuges arrived in the czech republic within a resettlement programme and they were originally accommodated in okrouhlik near jihlava . 
  however , they have rejected asylum in the czech republic and they left for essen , germany , by coach on saturday . 
  to understand sweden from outside is more and more difficult . 
  in the time when bergmann made his movies it was much easier ... 
  but i do n't think that word could be used for a longer time . 
  muslims will prohibit it soon . 
  the most important task now is not to sacrifice liberty but prevent destruction and sacrifice lives . 
  we ca n't wait for the moment when they start use drones and chemical weapons like sarin like aum shinrikyo in tokyo subway 1995 . 
  ideological war is useless . 
  using `` all packing '' terms like `` occidentophobia '' hides core of problems . 
  we had religious wars after 1420 for 15 years in my now most secular country . 
  the country was destructed by internal wars and fighting crusaders ' interventions . 
  in 1436 there was a battle and the most radical wing was defeated by a mediate wing . 
  after the battle soldiers who surrendered after promises of renewed military service , were burned to death in nearby barns . 
  only after that peace was possible in country , radical dangerous ideas extinct only with heads containing them . 
  it is horrible , cruel and `` inhumane '' but there are hundreds examples in history . 
  wars finish either in victory of one side or in exhausting all . 
  we need the first type of end and be victorious . 
  a not historic example of religious thinking -- joke i heard in poland in forty years ago : two bolshevik high officials walk in a street and they see an old lady kneeling under a cross praying : `` oh my lord , my single cow died , what me poor lady could do , please send me new one ! '', 
  one communist official asks the other : `` how much a cow do cost now ? '',
