  this all would require a very long comment , too long for a reddit reply . 
  however some hints :  uk would be an opponent or counter balance to germany it is an important part of history uk membership . 
  brexit supporters speak a lot about uk being constantly outvoted . 
  they exaggerate , however particularly it is true . 
   ignore international commitements towards refugees * if the treatment of migrants is based on free passage through border countries to 2-3 `` welcoming '' countries declaring an unlimited access you create a positive feedback resulting in a quickly raising wave that becomes unmanageable . 
  if migrants know they ca n't simply force passage from greece they would not go there en masse . 
  * there are much more people that need help than those who were able to raise in some way money enough to pay various smugglers and succeeded to win that horrible race crossing sea and walked to germany . 
  being forced to concentrate forces and resources on them you would not be able to help others , because it is much more expensive to support a refuge in germany or sweden then people staying in turkey or jordan . 
  * if you read original documents defining international commitments towards refugees you would be very surprised what it states in fact . 
  * all international system and rules do not cover situation of a general `` v\u00f6lkerwanderung '' . 
  there are for example rules how to treat people being in danger on sea . 
  however is it applicable in situation when hundreds thousands people voluntarily go in the danger ? 
   make extensive use of their right to live in the west * the foundation stone of the european union is the common market . 
  an integral part of the common market is a market of labor . 
  * the common market brings the greatest benefits and profits to the strongest economic entities . 
  companies from western europe have substantial benefits from access to markets in eastern europe . 
  for example , retail trade in the czech republic is dominated by western european supermarket chains . 
  these companies hold two thirds of the whole market and their share is increasing . 
  they transfer all profit to the west . 
  they provide an easy access of products from western europe too . 
  local tradesmen and producers ca n't compete with them and they press down prices . 
  a major part of financial and production industry is also in hands of western and all profit from their business go to western mother companies . 
  * the flow of workers to the west is particularly compensation for western benefits and profit in the east . 
  part of that people is highly educated and qualified like physicians . 
  their education was paid by eastern countries and there is now lack of them . 
  if people from the east work for small wage in west it is called a `` social dumping '' . 
  if subsidized agricultural products are sold in east it is ok . 
   do you want germany to apologize if somebody `` apologizes '' in political things it is only a medial manipulation . 
  if germany continues use and abuse its soft power it would bring reactions that finally destabilize eu . 
  brexit is from some part result of it because germany easilly `` organizes '' majority for its plans . 
  in this way germans can reach majority in eu governance system , however not in mind od eu nations . 
  they can achieve some political unity for some time . 
  simultaneously you casue rising aversion of people to eu and to national leaders . 
  political map of europe would drastically change finally . 
   when the czech republic decides to give somebody citizenship ... 
  it is really big problem of eu having no real central government and simultaneously sharing part of key state duties and power to other states loosing any control of it . 
  schengen system delegated control of state border on other states . 
  the migrant crisis has shown that it shockingly fails . 
  the border keeping states declared they ca n't secure it . 
  if cr decides to give citizenship to a large number of russian spies or people being active in organized crime it would be a very serious problem endangering all eu countries . 
  if germany decides accept milions ( not only some ) of foreinger people having a very diffferent culture and political views very far form common european ones it would bring very serious problems to all other eu states . 
  for example to prevent only a small number of extremists to build an organization and plan attacks requires a huge effort of secret services . 
  to track effectively one single dangerous person you need about 20 well trained agents and other staff knowing such languages like pashto , urdu , kurdish or various arabic dialects . 
   she can only do what she has a majority for * it is not true . 
  she can do and she did many things seriously impacting whole eu only as the german chancellor not having agreement with or approval of anybody out of germany , sometimes not having agreement with anybody in germany . 
  * governance in eu is democratic only in some areas . 
  such structure ca n't be managed simply as a democratic state . 
  a very important part of eu governance is using economical power , sometimes buying agreement , sometimes blackmailing by it . 
  * a sovereign internal decision of an european state can have a very serious impact for other states . 
  if germany decides to accept millions of migrants it is a fatally important fact for all eu . 
  these people will obtain german citizenship in future and with it full access to all eu countries . 
  it was very amplified last years , because there are no strong leaders in other eu countries . 
  holland indeed is no miterrand or de gaule . 
  merkel is a very intelligent person having math and physics education . 
  these people have a natural tendency to think about others that they are dumb because they do not understand quantum mechanics and general relativity theory . 
  contrarily they `` know '' about themselves , that they can understand anything and everything , because their brain has high performance . 
  if they have no really strong opponent , they would respect , they are gradually loosing self - reflection . 
  finally they start think that their oppinion is always correct , best , their solutions are the only possible etc. 
  they make serious errors and lead others in catastrophes . 
  eu ca n't be based on a single nation leadership !, 
  it is an age-old german effort wrapped in various coats during history from the time of charlemagne . 
  it is unacceptable and it would not work . 
   germanic peoples have an impressive culture german culture is a part of the european culture that is dated from time of ancient greeks and had a have various centers in whole europe that mutually exchange and shares ideas . 
   so what country are you from ? 
  it is not important , it is a bismark 's posthumous spiritual child . 
  that 's enough !, 
  ah , next to be recorded in list !, 
  i do n't say she should or should not resign . 
  however she should stop to act as a sovereign european supreme leader !, 
  she was elected by approximately 40 % of german voters the german chancellor . 
  so she has got trust of 6 % european voters . 
  if i admit she represents in eu whole germany she represents 16 % of eu population . 
  so her acting has not sufficient democratic support . 
  she is not the eu commission president , she is not the high representative of the european union for foreign affairs and security policy . 
  in the czech republic we have also a very strong monarchist movement.they have 800 memebers . 
  last parliamentary election they got 8932 votes , it is 0,17 % they have a little probl\u00e9m : when they asked karl von habsburg , the legitimate heir of czech throne : can you imagine that you would be the czech king , whether crowned or uncrowned ? 
  he responded : i have never dealt with this question . 
  edit : correction of the incorrect translation . 
   basic diplomatic decency did greeks coordinated with macedonians anytime anything ? 
  did tehey `` coordinated '' with macedonians when they let migrants en masse flow in macedonia ? 
  did they care what problems they cause country that is much much poorer and more dysfunctional than greece ? 
  did germans care of macedonians in this crisis ? 
  macedonians closed their border having no other opportunity because all other states on route to the german paradise already closed borders or threatened to do it forcing macedonians . 
  macedonians have really big problem to keep peace and balance in their country without migration crisis . 
  if germans really wanted immigrants come , they had to send trains or large botas to transfer them . 
   they did not coordinate this with the greek government . 
  i do n't understand what they should coordinate . 
  defense of their national border ? 
  greece is obliged to prevent any illegal border crossing , espaecially force attacks . 
  there is standard international border between greece and macedonia . 
  would you criticize usa for `` not coordinating '' defense of their border with mexico ? 
  macedonia is a sovereign country , not in eu , not in schengen . 
  greece is considered a safe country so letting migrants go to macedonia from greece is illegal breaking international laws and agreements . 
   took taxis in lisbon dozens of times , never had a problem . 
  you are not a foreigner , you speek portugal =  no probl\u00e9m . 
  i took taxi in prague many times too , also no problem . 
  they do n't risk to cheat lokals . 
   we also had one with libya . 
  and then we helped to overthrow and kill the guarantor of the agreement . 
  it is a great example of foresight and prudence of some statesmen .
