  now it is in decline but it is only an interim state . 
  the laws treating refugees and migrants have many purposes . 
  the most important topic is that authorities must keep efficient control of immigration and must have full authority to guarantee maximal security for own citizens . 
  the economic and social support must be in accord with affordable resources . 
  if hundreds of thousands people come in a short time in a country they must stand discomfort and difficulties . 
  if laws and treaties covering asylum were fully applied no migrant would have been allowed to go from turkey to greece without official permission as turkey is considered a safe state . 
  but all these laws and treaties were passed and concluded in situation when nobody supposed it should be applied in situation when potentially millions people from africa and asia set out on a journey to europe . 
  nobody supposed that hundred thousands of people would sit in weak boats risking their life sailing towards europe . 
  there are strict rules how to treat people in troubles on a sea . 
  however , if hundred thousands of them intentionally risk it to force their way here and force us to care for them , it is at least questionable if we are morally obliged to comply with it . 
  such situation is unmanageable . 
  and if some politicians evoke an impression that everybody can come here and should get full support more and more people want to come here . 
  it is a positive feedback . 
  there are much more people that would decide to come then we are able manage and not destroy ourselves . 
  i read all the `` poem '' . 
  it is a disgusting vulgarity that could not be justified by any context . 
   from ankara to istanbul ,  everyone knows that guy is gay ,  a lousy pervert and a zoophile . 
  is this a humour ? 
  if anybody would say about me such a thing i would smash his mouth . 
  edit : the zoophylia is a crime in my country . 
  it is considered torture of animals . 
  europeans are not obliged to let millions of foreign people to live in europe and care about them . 
  if they are here they must respect our laws , they must make an effort to assimilate and acculturate . 
  i lived in a communist state for 30 years . 
  do n't think marxism is `` clearly academic thing '' . 
  it is nonsense what you say . 
  the syrian war is only a small part of large crisis that is in whole maghreb , middle east and sub-saharan africa . 
  the core of the problem is very high birth rate . 
  from 1945 number of inhabitants increased five times , in some african states even more . 
  these people live in countries where large deserts are and their economy is very bad . 
  about 1 billion of people live it theses countries . 
  if only 1 % of them decide to go in europe , it is 10 million of people . 
  a remark to syria and iraq : mr. obama estimated that the conflict there would last 20 years . 
  each german should send erdogan a postcard with reproduction of ilya repin 's picture : the zaporozhian cossacks write a letter to the sultan of turkey it is a great pice of art and a very funny dirty story . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/ilja_jefimowitsch_repin_-_reply_of_the_zaporozhian_cossacks_-_yorck.jpg you could print it in bulk , erdogan 's address pre-printed . 
  orban intends present his plan first to eu governments , before it is published . 
  but the article contains principles which are probably a base of the plan :  proposal for management of the migration crisis is wrong-headed  hungary takes the view that `` we must protect the borders '' ,  it must be made clear to the eu that `` it is not acceptable -- as would be the case under the commission 's proposal -- for someone in brussels to decide that the countries of the eu must solve their demographic and economic problems through immigration  hungary does not seek to remedy such problems through immigration , but through prudent family and economic policy . 
   eu can not create a system which it lets in migrants and then prescribes mandatory resettlement quotas for every member state  brussels will indeed impose on us masses of people , with whom we do not wish to live together, 
  it is not a satire , it is an absurd disgusting vulgarity . 
  it is a real insult that should be punished not by a court but by smashing mouth of the author . 
  such text shoul not be broadcastet by a tv . 
  it is not about free speach . 
  the main reason of poverty in muslim states is a high birth rate and fatalism presented as a faith in allah . 
  ------- one of the main reasons of poverty and migration is big birth rate . 
  in states of the maghreb and the middle east , population increased five times from 1945 . 
  same increase would result in 200 million inhabitants in france , 225 million in uk , 50 million in the czech republic , 20 million in denmark , 60 thousands in san marino . 
  the birth rate is not primarily caused by europeans , but by culture and religion . 
  europeans only helped to introduce efficient health care that reduces mortality of children and young people . 
  looking for an islam position to birth control , i have found various opinions . 
  for example http://us.singlemuslim.com/marriage_articles/birth_control.php quote : `` use of birth control can be deemed haram ( forbidden ) if it is used because the couple fears that they will not be able to afford to provide for a child for this suggests a lack of faith in allah . '', 
  now they are coming here full of faith that allah would deceive us . 
  and they are truth . 
   `` progressives '' but associate all `` progressives '' with marxism is stupidity . 
  most of them know nothing about marxism . 
  most of them are blathering enthusiasts not touched by a critical thinking or dialectics . 
  many people uses words like marxist , racist and many others like an invective regardless true meaning . 
  it is very bad because it prevent true understanding problems . 
  the b\u00f6hmermann case is a rubbish that media can use to attack merkel for nothing and she can easily prove that her decision is the only possible , as her custom is . 
  there are real very bad mistakes she did mentioned in the article : ------  dragging out the greek debt crisis as it stumbles from non-solution to non-solution , she weakened not only the euro currency but the eu as a whole . 
  she transferred the responsibility from ( mostly german ) banks to eu states using euro . 
  ------  she opened germany 's borders to a million migrants on the grounds that germany had some sort of moral duty to accept infinite numbers she opened not only germany in fact , as migrants and terrorists hidden in the crowd have free access to all eu states now . 
  ------  she expected the rest of europe , benumbed by economic recession and tensions over terrorism , to go along she forced rest of europe ... in fact . 
  it is unacceptable , she was not elected by the rest europe . 
  ------  to stop the smuggling , the eu came up with three billion euros for turkey , eventual visa-free travel for turks in europe , and maybe eu membership . 
  it is unacceptable to transfer protection of eu borders on a state that is not in eu and furthermore is ruled by a person like mr. erdogan . 
  a visa free travel for turks open eu for turkish islamist radicals . 
  it is not a small number of freaks . 
  eu membership for turkey is a very bad phantasm . 
   ckii reference out od my scope . 
  i prefer to play games in a real life . 
  in a parliamentary system separation of powers ca n't be full . 
  the law breaks equality before the law . 
  it means that the chancellor can decide in similar cases in a different way for a political reason . 
  one person is punished for it the other not . 
  the law is wrong and merkel did the best passing it to the prosecution . 
  however it should be a precedent for future if the law was not changed . 
  a chancellor should let act prosecution and court independently . 
  a have vision of a brave new world : maria le pen in paris frauke petry in berlin boris johnson in london donald trump in washington, 
   czechia has usurped the titular title of slovakia . 
  sorry , i do n't understand what you mean . 
  we have `` usurped '' the flag of czechoslovakia for a sentiment and for the fact that the historical flag of the czech kingdom is the same as the flag of the rzeczpospolita polska . 
  it would not work . 
  we should better reunite all smaller countries in the area of former habsburg possessions on principles of equality . 
  it could be a working unit inside eu , strong enough not to be only a set of german colonies . 
  it is about 40 million people and 380 000 square km , having access to sea . 
  if that heroic blockhead did not shoot archduke ferdinand dead it could be transformed and exist up to now . 
  however , ha\u0161ek would not have written the fateful adventures of the good soldier \u0160vejk during the world war and millions of \u0160vejk 's brave comrades in arms had no opportunity to fall on fields of honor and glory . 
  oh no , steal only the name !, 
  it fits to the flag . 
  we need not to quarell with patriots from \u017dilina . 
  oh no , steal only the name !, 
  it fits to the flag . 
  it looks like you are the first who understand what is the point of my post . 
  let it be our czecho - slovak secret . 
  no discussion !, 
  we should recollect our `` good bohemian style '' and execute a defenestration . 
  lietuva is litva in czech . 
  i would like to know which of you is a republican and which a royalist . 
  they are not slovaks , i persume !, 
  the czech republic is invariably the czech republic .
