  this was the most dangerous violent act in metro for whole 44 years and it was a kind of a terrorist attack by a mentally insane person . 
  the prague metro was up to now the safest means of transport that i have used . 
  there are at least 200-300 terrorists in europe now planning mass murdering . 
  real number of them nobody knows . 
  up to now they attacked using explosives and automatic guns . 
  we must only hope they have no chemical weapons unlike the aum shinrikyo in tokyo had . 
  they can easily travel anywhere in schengen space , to drive from brussels to prague takes 10 hours , bavaria is a close neighbor , some of them can easily live here just because our authorities suppose it is very `` improbable '' . 
  sorry but it changes safety significantly . 
  si am affraid that you do n't understand the mathematical concept of probability . 
  and also you do n't understand that it is a qualitative difference to be endangered by an attack and by an accident . 
  we have a common language : more or less deformed english , you can see just here . 
  we are one people but in two or some in three layers of identity . 
  we have common thousand years long history full of conflicts but awareness of belonging together . 
  only those islanders on the other side of the chunell sometimes need demonstrate a distance . 
  almost all old royal families were in fact a single quarreling family . 
  the islanders even have two ( german ) royal families , one de facto the other de iure . 
  and not only kings are close relatives . 
  we have one but diverse culture . 
  the european union is an unique attempt to create political unity not by force but by consensus . 
  it is not easy and mother angela should be reminded of it some times . 
  but it is a miracle in fact a we must grow it cautiously and carefully . 
  the trouble is that it was not intended and constructed to solve external problems . 
  after soviet union collapsed the expansion was too fast and too carefree like two of three pigs building their houses . 
  it was not good for both old and new countries , but we ca n't take it back . 
  only some people on island blinded by a london fog thinks it is possible . 
  now a wolf pack run in our house and the bear has woken up from a winter sleep just in the moment we found we were partying too much . 
  our leaders not used and some not able to be leaders are panicking and summiting and promising and declaring . 
  it could be useful to have something like cia or fbi , but build such services requires long time . 
  and some times cia was more useful for soviets then for usa . 
  wolves are inside , there is no time , we must fight with them immediately using what we have at hand . 
  example : molenbeek is a big problem . 
  after paris attack a belgien minister promised to `` clean '' it . 
  it was necessary to check each house from basement to roof . 
  they did not do it , because they supposed their islamists would not attack at home and they wanted them to feel happy . 
  30 dead , 200 wounded and that good gentleman is minister up to now . 
  this is not a task for a cia . 
  if anybody did russians anything like snowden or assange he would have been dead for a long time . 
  bulgarian umbrella , plutonium , axe , street accident , suicide or a simple disappearance ... putin enjoys it ... 
  it is not so easy now because of internet . 
  see primaries in usa , corporate media support clinton and sanders has uncredibly great support , corporate media are against trump , bush and rubio favorized by establishment are only embarrassing history now . 
  almost all fsa fighters became al nusra in 2013 ... as putin said obama , you ca n't belive anybody there . 
  almost all wants sharia and not secular democracy . 
  if assad was defeated , all these opposition groups would have fought each other first killing all pro western ... 
  pinochet , franco , salazar , batista , pahlavi , sadat , saudi royal family , bokassa , burgiba , duvalier , duarte ... have you heard about them ? 
  assad is quite nice boy in comparison with them . 
  assad did not oppress uprising because of democratic desires of people.see actual democracy in libya or great democratic success of us policy in iraq . 
  it is very easy to implement democracy , only elections needed . 
  do you know how many tribes and sects are in syria ? 
  you should go to brussels and explain that probability theory people who lost their legs in the blast . 
  they would be very happy for knowing they had oportunity to participate in such a rare event . 
  but first tell me how do you calculate probability to be killed by a teroristy and probability to be killed in an accident ? 
  and if you ca n't calculate it how can you compare it ? 
  i think that to use concept of probability in this context is nonsense . 
  still we have time to wake up and beat them , but first we must kick of some incompetent leaders and part irrational illusions and sentiment to get strong enough . 
  it is a war we must get used to it . 
  some of us could be killed . 
  it is very bad but unavoidable . 
  but we must withstand it . 
  and muslims living here must decide if they want to help us or them . 
  there is no third way for them . 
  the problem is not a statistics . 
  the problem is that going by metro you are thinking if you survive it or not . 
  to monitor effectively one extremist you need 25 specialists , in belgium 75 , 25 flemish , 25 vallons and 25 common . 
  if brexit happens everybody would work hard to minimize damages and losses . 
  most modern europeans are agnostics or very little religious . 
  their creed could be briefly expressed in an epigram - prayer : `` dear god - if you are at all - care my soul -- if i have any ! '', 
  ( czech satirist of 19th century havl\u00ed\u010dek ) and moral principles sounds like voltaire 's sentence `` god will forgive me , that 's his business '' . 
  thus they do n't understand what a strong power religion could be . 
  they think that a strong religious belief is a result of a `` social failure '' caused by neglecting society , it is ridiculous . 
  but a believer `` knows '' : `` allah deceived them because they are evil and sinners . '', 
  i think that only an old historic part of brussels round groote market and maneken piss is considered `` city '' and everything else is a suburb . 
  it is the same here in prague , there are four historic medieval `` prague towns '' and ghetto surrounded by old fortification walls to 1875 . 
  everything outside is a suburb . 
  if someone is your formal `` ally '' at gunpoint , it is not a real ally . 
  if someone is your formal `` ally '' and in fact only uses you to achieve its hidden goals that are contrary to your goals , it is not a real ally . 
  if someone is your formal `` ally '' and in fact only uses you to achieve its not hidden instant goal , but otherwise does n't care for you , it is not a real ally . 
  if someone is your formal `` ally '' only to be protected against an instant enemy , but his main goal is destroy you , it is not a real ally . 
  could be more examples ... , but all such `` allies '' would betray you at first opportunity . 
  and if the west and especially usa have so many so good alies why their policy so desperately fails ? 
  yes , before wwii czechoslovakia was ally of uk and france . 
  they illustratively demostrated it in munich 1938 . 
  the protectorate of bohemia and moravia was an ally of nazi germany during wwii . 
  czechoslovakia was a soviet ally , especially after 1968 . 
  sorry but who in afghanistan is western ally , which tribe leaders ? 
  who in iraq is western ally ? 
  shia arabs dependent on iran ? 
  kurds bombed by other western `` ally '' turkey ? 
  or isis supported by western `` allies '' in saudi arabia ? 
  saudi salfists are western alies ? 
  otoman - maniac erdogan blackmailing europe is a western ally ? 
  in 2013 dmitry peskov , mr putin 's official spokesman , told that britain was now diplomatically irrelevant : britain is `` just a small island ... no one pays any attention to them '' . 
  and after brexit and scotland separation also frauds from the city will move away ... 
  i am afraid that your interpreation of word `` ally '' is far from mine . . 
  but i am not a native english speaker . 
  the reason is that western countries have no real allies in the middle east and north africa . 
  why ? 
  look at 200 years history from the napoleon 's expedition in egypt 1798 : arrogances , disdain , stupidity , vain promises , deceits , betrayal after betrayal ... and stupid disdain for russia and russians , using them in difficulties and catastrophes , betraying them subsequently ... austrians started with it in the end of 17th century . 
  if they are foreign ministers it is a failure of the political system . 
  sorry for mixing two cases . 
  the czech ex-muslim is a boy and his studies were paid by world assembly of muslim youth , so i think he studied wahabism , but in germany .
