  it is mutually dependent - religion motivates people to have many children , rely on allah not on own activity . 
  the `` inshallah '' phrase is paralyzing . 
  he also made gigantic error in 1967 initiating the war with israel underestimating israel force . 
   the president have to solve all of their problems if count chambord did not insist on the fleur-de-lys , france could be a constitutional monarchy and everybody know that kings solve nothing now . 
  being older i prefer [ bb ] ( https://cz.pinterest.com/pin/513973376202810566/ ), 
   naive and overly optimistic no !, 
  `` optimism is the opium of the people . '', 
   what would you like him do ? 
  taking a moped and leave for a mistress and not retrurn ever . 
   will be marianne so not only un-veiled but [ topless ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple.jpg ) ( at least according to delacroix ) update : video - former egyptian president [ gamal nasser joking about muslim brotherhood and hijab 1953 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx4rk8bj2w0 ), 
   prague was always busy center of the country and central europe mass low costs tourism is catastrophe making prague absurd disneyland not a busy center : 6 millions per year mostly dumb roaring tourist seeking cheep beer and sex ... russian organizaned or related crime controlling tourist business in the city center ? 
  i would be happy if prague was not in this list and in any tourist guide . 
  prague before mass tourism was so great place to live even though communists ruled here . 
  sunday morning about 9am on the charels bridge , almost nobody there , no cars going on river embankments , you could here bells from the cathedral and water on the old town weir ... 
   old haussmanian architecture i hate it just for opposite reasons , haussman destroyed old paris or better say what survived revolution . 
  a this barbarism inspired prague magistrate in the end of 19th century to destroy old prague in the same way . 
  only smaller part survived this frenzy thanks great effort of opponents . 
   skyscrapers in the outskirts of paris this catastrophe is now planed in prague . 
   8 % is a large number . 
  8 % agree with the statement and they are truth . 
  `` islam permits violence against unbelievers '' . 
  it does n't mean they themselves agree with violence against unbelievers . 
  if you ask on r/exmuslims this question they would agree with it . 
  if they are in pakistan or saudi arabia they are every day affraid of their life . 
  for apostasy from islam is the death penalty . 
  it looks like you do n't understand much more important things then european history . 
  `` if only it were all so simple !, 
  if only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds , and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them . 
  but the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being . 
  and who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart ? '' -- aleksandr solzhenitsyn , the gulag archipelago 1918-1956 all people are able to be quite easily incredibly evil , each of us . 
  aggression and hatred are most natural constituents of human behavior . 
  we are able to be good , compassionate and loving . 
  the evil can be controlled by our internal reflection and social pressure and by growing the good . 
  but there are many triggers causing the evil gets out of control and starts to rule and induce evil in other people . 
  evil begets evil in two ways . 
  the first is luring you to accompany people seized by evil . 
  the other is forcing you to fight them because the fight would make you to dehumanize them and you start make evil things too . 
  americans are the same as all other people . 
  if they underwent history ( 1914-1945 ) like russians and other people of soviet union . 
  robert bales murdered 16 afghan civilians ( nine children -- some as young as two years old -- four women and three men ) and was sentenced to life in prison without parole . 
  it is horrible but he is a victim of the absurd war as the people he murdered . 
  that 's why i hinted the vietnam war . 
  `` from american histories , you would think the primary feature of the vietnam war was combat . 
  it was n't . 
  suffering was the main characteristic of the war in southeast asia . 
  millions of vietnamese suffered : injuries and deaths , loss , privation , hunger , dislocation , house burnings , detention , imprisonment , and torture . 
  some experienced one or another of these every day for years on end . 
  that 's suffering beyond the capacity of even our ablest writers to capture in a single book . 
  unfortunately , however , that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is that almost no one has tried . 
  vietnamese are bit characters in american histories of the war , vietnamese civilians most of all ... '', 
  i am somehow scared by this story as the distance from chemnitz or dreden to prague is less then to berlin , less than 2 hours driving . 
  part of saxons are our ancient germanized relatives part our expelled former german speaking co-inhabitants and the rest are one of our oldest hereditary enemies . 
  in summary they are all very close people . 
  they could be in a great danger now . 
  it would be better for their paticular security if police gives no information about them at least without their consent . 
  on the other hand it is better for perception of refugees by german society to publish it . 
   deutsche bank is rotten to the core if it was deutsche bank only it would have ben marvellous . 
  the whole financial system is disfunctional if negative interest rates are needed . 
  it simply means that banks are unable to invest money to make profit or that the profit is not sufficient to repay their debts . 
   drawing false equivalencies i did not draw any equivalence . 
  it was a hint only to think more before a judgment . 
  i do n't question your knowledge of facts but the interpretation . 
  reality is not a stupid western movie about good boys versus bad boys or a star wars sci-fi or a lord of the ring fantasy about a fight with an evil empire . 
  the war that russians call the great patriotic war had more `` components '' including spreading communism mixed with russian imperialism but first of all it was war to survive genocide attempt as i wrote above . 
  if it was not so the soviet union would have been lost in 1941 how hitler supposed . 
  it was the german attack and their openly declared goals and terror that made the soviet union undefeatable force for following forty years . 
  soviet people had no other alternative than accept stalin 's leadership a fight to last drop of blood . 
  i do n't deny any atrocities but it was not the core of the history . 
   lol 100 000 killed vietnamese civilians make humanist american to laugh . 
   strategic bombing is not a war crime the death people apperciate it . 
  it is really relief if you find you was murdered in accord with un conventions . 
  sorry but you do n't understand the core of world war ii in eastern europe . 
  it was not simply a clash between two evil empires . 
  germans attacked central and eastern european mostly slavic nations to exterminate them like they tried jews . 
  and that was the reason why the soviet union won the war . 
  soviet people did not fight for communism and stalin . 
  they fought first of all to survive and to avenge those who did not survive . 
  if usa was attacked by an external ( ! ), 
  enemy that would destroy a half of usa like germans destroyed western parts of the soviet union how would have american soldiers pampered such enemy ? 
  and speaking about barbarians and evil empires ask for example vietnamese people about us `` strategic '' bombing ( only 100 000 civilians killed ) . 
   our civil war was pretty brutal sorry , i do n't understand at all now !, 
  american civil war causalities : united states : 110,000 killed in action/died of wounds 230,000 accident/disease deaths confederate states : 94,000 killed in action/died of wounds [ 7 ] 26,000 -- 31,000 died in union prisons [ 8 ] 290,000 total dead [ world war ii casualties of the soviet union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties_of_the_soviet_union ) are estimated about 25 million people , look at the linked article . 
  after defeat at stalingrad germans applied scorched earth policy destroying everything . 
  [ this is not hiroshima but novgorod after germans left it . 
  ] ( http://cs8.pikabu.ru/post_img/big/2016/01/25/12/1453752068111665516.jpg ), 
   we 've been there before , albeit to a lesser extent . 
  sorry , i do n't understand what you want say . 
  i would like to see `` civilized '' americans after half of their country was destroyed like parts of ussr by germans , after millions of people were killed wounded , who survived , lost everything . 
  do you think that the strategic bombing of german towns was a humanistic aktivity ? 
  i guess we have to understand that the sword in hands of the statue is an important message of a very different type . 
  i am very surprised by very low confidence in government and parliament and relatively high confidence in strong leadership in the united kingdom . 
  it is comparable to eastern european countries . 
  it is very disturbing if a country that was a symbol of parliamentary government loses confidence in it . 
   answer to the statue of liberty why do you think they had a need to `` answer '' to anything by this statue ? 
   what a ridiculous claim your numbers say they were operating on territories inhabited by 51 % belarussians and ukrainians . 
  so claim `` the soviets were operating on territories inhabited by belarussians and ukrainians '' is not ridiculous but truth . 
  identifying of soviet communism with russian nation is inaccurate and unjust . 
  russian nation was biggest victim of bolsheviks from tsar 's family to poorest peasants . 
  the katyn massacre was issued by stalin and organized by berija , both were georgians .
