  on a computer screen is anything and everything possible . 
  even you can show there how `` alle menschen werden br\u00fcder '' . 
  is it so because so many germans need it or because so many germans can afford it ? 
   i hope that with better education and welfare these things will eventually end . 
  in my country the situation seems to be much better than in eastern europe , and i think it 's because of better living standards and education . 
  it is naive . 
  read about [ chanov in czech republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chanov_housing_estate ) . 
  the solution is not simply `` welfare and education '' . 
  it is not easy to change culture . 
  all romas are adapdet to `` majority '' society !, 
  large part was able to adapt by real integration . 
  they are invisible in fact because they are not problem . 
  the other part is adapdet as a `` parasitic '' subculture . 
  you can read in the article that czechoslovak communist government designated three categories of romas and only the third category is the source of problems not only for majority society but also for other roma people . 
  in the linked wkipedia article is nothing about catastrophic development in chanov after communist regime was replaced by the wild east `` capitalism '' . 
  it was very difficult to adapt to changes for a large part of majority society and for unintegrated part of roma people it was impossible . 
  communist regime used system of `` sugar & whip '' . 
  for example not to have a job longer than two or three months was a crime of `` social parasitism '' punished by 3 years of prison . 
  after 1989 roma people got `` liberty '' that part of them led to the social exclusion . 
  an idiot strips his bum and the whole world discuss it instead kicking his bum to be red and blue . 
  it is not about soviet times , it was a short episode in more than 1000 years long history . 
  east european nations have historic experience of oppressed nations sometimes even with genocide attempts . 
  they struggled all their history to preserve their identity and territory . 
  they were flooded by other nations and they have experience that foreigners do n't asimilate but they often struggle to dominate . 
  they have experience of living in mixed societies of various ethnicities , religions and cultures . 
  they often fought mutualy . 
  they know that it is very difficult to manage pacefully complex structured society . 
  they experienced oppression and horrible wars but they are ( descendants of ) those who stayed , and survived there despite it or because they had no chance to fly . 
  [ photography of original in la rochelle , mus\u00e9e des beaux arts ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/llansades/21835016979 ) this is or bad quality reproduction or copy of original . 
   modernist traces it looks like the modernist traces are inversely proportional to reproduction quality . 
  [ photography of original in la rochelle , mus\u00e9e des beaux arts ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/llansades/21835016979 ), 
  because designers of modern vido games design learn a lot from the classic and academic art . 
  political power always follow power economical . 
  it is step by step growing . 
  now german 's cancellor is the most important and powerful office in eu . 
  no office in brussels is more important or powerful . 
  i do n't say it can simply dictate . 
  but as you can see on negotiation with turkey on migrants it is possible for german chancellor to negotiate separately and then put fait accompli on the table . 
  most powerful organ of eu is the council of the european union , but it is not an office . 
  but strongest position in the council is undoubtedly german . 
  this disbalance is very dangerous for eu unity in future . 
  i consider it the main hidden reason of brexit . 
  links to similar cartograms to comapre 1900 and 2015 [ 1900 world population cartogram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/we6eiji.png ) [ 2015 world population cartogram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nkic8gh.png ), 
  czechoslovakia in 1919 made very fast and very successful separation from austro-hungarian currency . 
  czech republic repeated it after split of czechoslovakia in 1993 . 
  we must only hope that euro would miss us before final catstrophe of eu . 
  do n't think so !, 
  he quoted shakespeare to liken present politics to behaviour of shakespeare 's charcters . 
  so it is his view on present situation of brexit negotiations . 
  kings and queens of this type are only symbols . 
  the main problem of western political system is that economic liberalism contradicts democracy . 
  core idea of democracy is control of power by people . 
  but economic liberalism tends to create oligarchy because political power follows economic power . 
  democracy was possible when wealth was not so concentrated in hands of small group of people and workers ' class was large powerful and organised balancing power of rich . 
  but it has changed during last 20 years resulting in deep crisis in whole western society . 
  first it degenerated in thatcherism-blairism and media manipulation orgy . 
  now it become a very black comedy starred by trump and clinton ( both horrible clowns ) french have macron and germans acquired an old-new schulz . 
  it makes me crazzy that a person not having secondary school education could hold the most powerful position in europe . 
  but germans are used to it , see adolf hitler . 
  it is questionable if an attempt to implement something like western democracy and liberalism is possible and bringing anything good . 
  it is a western delusion that its political system is optimal for all countries in the world . 
  political systems are not only institutions and formal mechanisms . 
  who rules in usa now ? 
  trump or `` deep state '' controlled by american and global oligarchy ? 
   reicht if you like genocides ... 
  both are worse than horrible !, 
  `` western '' civilization is in crisis but the reason is not that `` many people , especially in the universities , lost faith in the western civilization narrative '' . 
  it is not the cause but one of many consequences of the crisis . 
  crisis is a `` natural '' result of continual evolution of technologies of production and communication ( and mass manipulation ) , globalization and demographic evolution of human population . 
  world changed and our rules and structures are obsolete . 
  we have created large complex social economic and political structures that ca n't work now and they are very often expanding bubbles not having inner strong construction . 
  former colonial `` empires '' or present eu and its euro and schengen are very visible examples . 
  the declared principles like rule of law , democracy , economic liberalism ( free trade , economic competition ) , personal freedom and all human rights or social justice were always far from reality and worked like drivers of evolution . 
  they often contradict each other . 
  economic liberalism contradicts democratic system of political power control , social justice and personal freedom for example . 
  western civilization was never a `` stabile state '' but always complex dynamic process . 
  our problem is not a `` lost faith '' but inability to react efficiently to changed world and various delusions . 
  it seems me first of all that using present political concepts speaking about a man living 1200 years ago is either manipulation or stupidity . 
  in what is he a first european ? 
  trying to restore roman empire in the west ? 
  forcing christianity by mass execution of pagans ? 
  stopping muslim invasion and avars ? 
  attacking slavic tribes in central europe ? 
  should we consider his empire built by military force inspiration to build eu ? 
   first european ... 
  it is a disguised pagermanic propaganda . 
   now that there is no real conflict anymore ... only huntington 's `` clash of civilizations '' . 
  in fact we are on the begining of worst crisis from the fall of the roman empire . 
  [ removed ], 
  we should name our state the former czechoslovak czech republic ( fcscr ) and abbreviate it as czechoslovakia to get slovaks in a frenzy . 
  we can easily justify it because the most influencing our politician is now a slovak and more and more slovaks move here . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  a pope is head of the vatican city state not because he was elected head of the vatican city state but because he was elected pope = bishop of the diocese of rome . 
  he is not an elected head of state , but he is head of state `` ex officio '' . 
  but also andorra is not elective monarchy , beacuse french president and bishop of urgell are heads of andorra ex officio not by election . 
  by the way , `` elected '' monarchy is nonsense , it is elective monarchy . 
  the holy roman empire was an elective monarchy and the republic of venice too as doge was elected duke . 
  abroad . 
  it is something very different .
