  it was long time celebrated as an optimal system and it is now in deep crisis for many reasons in whole western world . 
  main social classes on which this system is based are shrinking and the former ideological struggle was replaced by a media theatre and manipulation covering global capital dominance . 
  greens and blue parties having represented until recently only various crazzy progressivists and insecure fearful retards are gaining votes now because old parties have lost trust even of people , who still vote them as a lesser evil . 
  we challenge problems that we ca n't solve continuing current economical and political system . 
  an extreme example is greece , where the two party play finished by suspending democratic system , government is reduced to a viceregency and parliament must not make laws not approved by `` troika '' . 
   the peaceful , secure and prosperous society ... 
  it is past unfortunately . 
  we are now in a wilderness of a new type and we must quickly learn to live in such condition to minimize losses and prevent chaos . 
  we must urgently seek effective response to the new kind of enemy and it 's strategy . 
  first of all a large number of people must be trained to be able efficiently respond to attacks . 
  the time when security was responsibility only of special forces is over and uncontrolled vigilants are a big danger . 
  you are unnecessarily personal . 
  i do n't write here to fulfill my emotional needs . 
  this is not funny and not so irrational as it looks . 
  read about treaty of s\u00e8vres and all circumstances related to the end of ottoman empire and establishing turkish republic . 
  there are roots of the violent , histeric and sometimes crazzy turkish nationalism denying the existence of other nations on the territory of turkey . 
  existence of turkey was deadly endangered by the right of nations to self-determination , that become a basic principle of international law after ww i. 
  and they responded by expelling greeks , murdering and oppressing armenians and kurds , denying their identity etc. 
  but unfortunately this is normal human behavior , no matter how terrible it is . 
  citizenship does n't change national or ethnical identity especially if there is a larger community living together . 
  religious difference is another obstacle . 
  this kind of identity is hereditary , though not genetically but by living in the community and by education . 
  members of minority community stay identified with a main part of nation living in an old homeland and an european country is only a place where to live . 
  also , the pan-european supranacionalizmus weakens need of integration and assimilation to a particular european state or nation . 
  paneuropeans are happy of it in fact not understanding that this would destroy not only old national states but whole europe . 
  multiculturalism is nonsense , because working united society requires common culture if it should be democratically self-governing . 
  otherwise you can change only between disintegration and tyranny . 
  or better say , first comes disintegration and then tyranny . 
  catalans situation reminds me of the situation czechs in austria-hungary . 
  as a czech i have deep sympathy for the catalans and their efforts to gain a equal place among other nations of europe and take their destiny as much as possible in their own hands . 
  however it is necessary to learn lessons from the history of central europe . 
  a state corresponding geographically to the habsburgs empire would be very useful up to now for all nations living in that area . 
  from many points of view it was a structure helping all of them . 
  of course it had very serious problems and i do n't wonder that our ancestors did not succeeded to solve them successfully . 
  a final blow was the ww i , that austro-hungarian empire could not survive even if it had not lost it . 
  a d final tragedy was ww ii . 
  catalonians should state as a realistic goal federal organization of spain and strongly but patiently insist on it using all paceful methods of pressure . 
  european union must be organised in several layers system to avoid unmanageable complexity and dominance of one or two big nations . 
  the czech republic is formally independent state of eu , but in fact it is economically integrated into germany not being represented in the bundestag . 
  i would prefer to have a donau federation , having federal parliament in vienna and all czechs , slovaks , slovenians , hungarians , croatians and austrians dancing pacefully polkas , waltzes and csardases together . 
  but this dream is lost for ever and we are step by step becoming a semi-colony in a euro-germany . 
  another statistical comforter 30 000 people dies every year in europe in traffic accidents , more than milion in whole world but i do n't shit my pants at all . 
  but i do n't drive drunken or too tired . 
  i respect speed limits and do n't drive faster then it is reasonable and do n't drive aggressive . 
  i overtake only if i realy see situation well . 
  i keep distance between cars . 
  i do n't use telephone if i drive . 
  walking in darkness on a road i wear reflective tape on my arm , i look before crossing a street etc. 
  if you look at real statistic of street acciddent causes you can see that it is quite easy to lower probalility of a fatal accident . 
  because main and most frequent causes of seious accidents are overestimating own abilities , aggression , fatigue , inattention , distraction , simple - stupidity . 
  it would be very nice to comfort people wounded in nice by a statistic probability . 
  i think they would be very grateful and happy knowing they had opportunity to participate in such improbable rare accident . 
  thanks . 
  i read almost every day in polish language and i know this , but writting i have czech in my head . 
  i started to read and hear ( radio free europe , bbc etc. ), 
  in polish in 1974 but never tried to learn grammar and ortography . 
  but it is some times more difficult to understand polish people then language . 
  ( i am `` polonofil '' having catholic roots . ), 
  our future : bulletproof vest , not using public transport , internet shopping , no mass public actions ... ? 
  how should we adopt to this brave new world ? 
  or is this our enduring freedom ? 
  what else ? 
   at least the uk will be protected against whom ? 
  if you do n't count argentina and paki immigrants there is nobody who wants invade uk . 
  russia had and have many geopolitical goals but conquerring british isles never . 
  if saudis want english lawn they would simply buy it . 
  even napoleon and hitler planed invasion only to prevent british intervene on the continent . 
  in fact it is much worse , because greece spends money it has not and estonia is a very small economy . 
   300 mln europeans 500 mln europeans [ demographics_of_the_european_union ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_european_union ), 
  yes !, 
  like adolph hitler for example . 
  it is your country and you are responsible for it . 
  in any other country you would be a foreigner . 
  if you leave it you would betray people that would stay . 
  there are originally czech verses written by vladim\u00edr holan in the worst time of communist dictature that i translate here in english : it is horrifying to live , because it is necessary to stay in the terrible reality of these years . 
  only a fool thinks it is possible to leave trough a door only painted on the wall . 
  -------- to live is not easy , only shitting yourselves is easy . 
  your interpretation of word `` utopian '' is very different from that in available dictionaries . 
  utopian does n't mean simply perfect but perfect , desiderable but impossible . 
  and about eternity it is not at all . 
  islam is full surrender in allah 's will realized by strict adherence to laws given by him though the prophet . 
  marxist communism was about rebuilding society in accordance with `` scientifically '' discovered natural laws of human society development . 
  marxist truth is recognized necessity , religious truth is revealed will of god . 
  it could save their lifes ... 
  however all this doping case is an absurd mess . 
  current extreme performance of sportsmen is impossible without very sophisticated complex long lasting artificial enhancement of human body . 
  do you mean that islam and/or islamism is utopian ? 
  it is a theocratic system that worked in past ( the caliphate existed for long time ) and it works in iran in a republican form and in saudi arabia in a monarchical form . 
  europeans out if the iberian peninsula know very little about salazar 's regime and franco 's regime is likened to german nazis or italian fascist , but it is a big mistake . 
  i think that nations of europe should much more mutually communicate their history , national legends myths including arousal grievances and faults to understand each other better . 
  sorry it is like to say that cangaroo is the same as grasshopper because they both jump . 
  you failed in studying communism : there should be no money in real communist society and `` your own money '' not at all . 
  tens of villages and small towns were destroyed because of coal mining in north west bohemia . 
  and mining companies require further destruction . 
  most was biggest and most important . 
  a big gothic church was moved 1 km away to make place for mining . 
  all this left / right classification is a manipulative tool to confuse people easily packing them together to get power saying ( now tweeting ) them something simple like orwell 's `` four legs good , two legs bad '' . 
  a person can spport social justice , economic liberalism or aristocratic exclusivity not giving up its national identity . 
  and it is not necessary to give up one 's national identity not to be a chauvinist , racist or imperialist . 
  however national , ethnical or tribal identity is a very strong force that can easily cause violence like any other strong identification ( religion , political ideology , football club identification ) .
