  what is the poet trying to say by this picture ? 
  if clinton really intended to force no-fly zone in syria it would have been not only about syrian citizens . 
   policy wise , trump is a disaster disaster for whom ? 
  you have better wait to judge . 
  up to now he succeeded to be a political disaster only for clinton . 
  ex post `` scientific '' theories about inevitability of wwi . 
  if princip did not killed ferdinand d'este and ferdinad become the emperor , he would have never started such war . 
  he wanted transform the empire not destroy . 
  princip and whole serbian black hand were the most successfull terrorists befor al-queda and that old man on the throne knew it would be a catastrophe . 
  depends on the exact place , north of prague could be also on best czech soil ( for agriculture ) in polab\u00ed and it shell be prvented if it is intact piece of land . 
  it started 1914 . 
  there are two people that i hate for it : gavrilo princip and franz joseph i. 
  the best links have cdu and spd . 
  see schr\u00f6der , nordstream etc. 
  about 30 000 thousands people dies in street accidents in eu every year and we consider it acceptable toll for traffic and nobody cares about it utill a close person is the victim . 
  ( in the whole world it is more than 1 million a year ), 
  the main reason for their problems is fast growth of population . 
  if the same growth was in europe countries forming eu would have had 2.5 billions of inhabitants , there would have been no eu but powerty and wars . 
  see for example [ rwanda ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_rwanda ) ; from 2.9 millions people in 1961 to 12 millions now . 
  stop blame colonialists for african powerty and wars . 
  colonialism is 60 years old past . 
  we have to send them not guns or wheat but billions of condoms . 
  and who is crossing sea to get in europe ? 
  almost exclusively young men , what would do we here with them ? 
  eu population is 500 millions , it is 6.8 % of the 7.5 billions world population . 
  we are not responsible for the remaining 92 % people . 
  they are responsible for themselves . 
  russia is not going to send anybody in latvia except for standard spies . 
  them they send everywhere . 
  your reply just confirms that left - right classification says nothing . 
  it is only manipulative tool to say who is momentarily `` enemy '' or `` reactionary '' or against something what somebody considers just now `` progress '' `` human rights '' `` social justice '' and similar foggy concepts . 
  left - right classification is meaningless . 
  and especially merkel is an excellent political and ideological eclectic . 
  mentally she is very ambitious pragmatic ; see her `` career '' in fdj . 
  her choice to be a member of cdu seems me to be based more on circumstances and feeling a good opportunity then given by principled conservative beliefs . 
  she shifted cdu far from positions of kohl 's era , not speaking at all about adenauer . 
  but intelligent pragmatic is better then ideological fanatic and she is not so such dehumanized calculating political stagy prostitute as clinton . 
  however having great power long time inevitably changes negatively human mentality , part of her decisions and public behavior demonstrates it . 
  people will feel it step by step and also they will become bored of her . 
  and afd is not a `` far right '' ; adenauer would sign at least 90 % of their program . 
  and migrants that are already in germany are a ticking time-bomb not only because some unknown percent of them are mujahidins . 
  yes there is your history !, 
  hitler is only 12 years of 1000 or more . 
  and frauke petry is not like hitler and afd is not like nsdap . 
  who makes such parallels reall does n't know german history . 
   afd does not have the potential to get # 2 in germany . 
  a year ago everybody laughed from trump . 
   this is up to the voter people vote parties , leaders are selected by parties ( by internal often undemocratic internal fight ) . 
  if the leader is not really terrible , people vote for him because he/she is supported by party . 
  clintona and trump are products of deep political crisis of usa not products of system exchanging after 8 years president . 
  merkel seems to be best because anybody else is prevented to be a serious concurrent by party system and media manipulation . 
  clinton was also presented as a `` safest bet '' and it resulted in trump . 
  clinton is b-class in comparison with merkel but frauke petry is not trump . 
  if afd had significant success in bavaria causing csu not having majority for a single party government with what party csu would make coalition ? 
  after next 4 years merkel 's chancellorship afd could be at least 2nd strongest party in germany . 
  the syrian war is first of all saudis ' and turkish baby fed by americans who all hate asad because he is allied with iran . 
  if rusians did not preveted asad defeat , there would be war between al-qaeda affiliated groups and isis ended by common turkish and saudis intervention and present millions of refugees would be followed by further millions of people living now in asad controlled territory . 
  but this all is not a reason to destroy europe by immigration of millions of people from all states of mena , western africa , horn of africa , afghanistan and pakistan -, 
  regardless any scandals kohl was at power too long ( 16 years ) and merkel would be too . 
  leaders should be exchanged after two 5 years periods . 
  it would besides other things prevent them to suppress potential successors . 
  just opposite , their party would be forced seek intensivelly new leaders having five years for it . 
  it is absurd and very dengerous if a leader is considered irreplaceable . 
  merkel like khol prevents any potential concurrent to get to top of the party or government . 
  she got to top because khol considered her innocuous and she used the scandal to stab him in back . 
  she could be endangered only by similar innocent cunning `` friend '' . 
  but it is a tragedy of german politics , because to let one person run four terms as a chancellor contradict democratic exchange in leadership . 
  it would enforce frauke petry and afd . 
  even the chinese understand now that leaders should be replaced after 10 years . 
   intervention ( direct and indirect ) does have it 's place i thought we discuss here migration and possible move of terrorists in europe using uncontrolled migration flow . 
  to this topic : states must fully control its borders ; it is a principal thing prior to all international rules and treaties touching migrants , refugees or shipwreck survivors . 
  it does n't mean we should not help migrants , refugees or shipwreck survivors . 
  it means that a free passage for this people from coast or eu external border to any european country , like it was last year , is absolutely unacceptable and breaking all rules . 
  it means that we are obliged to help real shipwreck survivors and not people that en masse deliberately risk their life trying to force their way in europe . 
  it means that everybody crossing illegally border should be first placed in a detention facility , examined and only people in serious risk should get asylum . 
  if this was practiced from the beginning no huge migration wave would be running over europe . 
  it means that european help should be provided to refugees in first safe countries , because it is much more efficient . 
  potential and real terrorist are important but only small part of the mass immigration problem . 
  the main problem is that multicultural visions are obviously dangerous nonsense . 
  to interventions : just american experiences and libya or syria give very hard lessons and bosnia too . 
  we have to keep in mind srebrenica . 
  we have to take only commitments that we are able , willing and ready to fulfill . 
  it is a crime to promise people protection and after they rely on it let them being murdered . 
  and any intervention in muslim states is very questionable because all their sects and tribes are in agreement in one thing that is opposition to west . 
  and all alleged western allies only use western help and resources for their own goals . 
  leftist `` idealism '' is very dangerous because it is mostly immature vision of world feeded by personal frustration and deprivation packed as a rational ( even `` scientific '' ) teaching . 
  effort `` making world better '' performed by leftist idealists led to catastrophes like bolsheviks ' rule in eastern and central europe . 
  there are 7.5 billions of people in the world . 
  about 500 millions of them live in eu . 
  it is less then 7 % . 
  they ca n't be responsible for the remaining 7.1 billions . 
  of course we have to help , but self destruction is not help . 
  it was not about politics only . 
  if you wanted any better job or even a manger position , you had to be member of the communist party . 
  communist czechoslovakia had 1,5 millions members of the communist party , it was 10 % of population . 
  if it was in western city it would have been a piece of art explained as an important prophecy . 
   juncker : `` we have to teach the new president of the usa ... '' juncker should undergo a therpy ... 
   prosinec in czech prosinec is december but it is from proso ( panicum miliaceum ) . 
  commie ? 
  czech names of moths are old slavic names related mostly to nature ( weather , blooming of various plants ) or human activities related to nature .
