  it is now acceptable to wear micro bikini or topless swimsuit , but no woman can be forced to wear it . 
  yes , because their concept of decency requires it . 
  they do n't endanger anybody wearing it . 
  many women in europe wear now only bikini bottom showing freely they beautiful breasts , if they have it ofcourse . 
  on many french beaches are people nude though it is not a special nudist beach . 
  current european main stream concept of decency tolerates it . 
  in usa it is considered indecent or even offensive . 
  and nobody forces american women on french beaches to take off their bikini top or bans them to wear single piece swimsuit covering breasts . 
  so from one side you hear that almost 40 % of jobs is endangered because of new technologies and on the other side they say that people should work longer . 
  physical and mental forces deteriorate with age . 
  older people have advantage of experience , but as mental abilities deteriorate , this advantage disappears . 
  and in many branches of industry development is so quick , that experience is less valuable then ability to learn new quickly . 
  and younger people would be frustrated , because older would delay their career . 
  nonsense , nonsense , nonsense !, 
  prescribe how people should dress does not solve any of our problems.there are much more important cultural differences , that are real problem and nobody cares . 
  the main problem is that there are too many people in europe , that are not identified with countries , where they live . 
  they are inhabitants only , not citizens , and loyal citizens not at all . 
  it is the core of the problem and idiotical concept of europeans not being of particular nationality helps undermine basic integrity of european societies and whole europe . 
  burkini is not a religious symbol , it is stupidity , let it say muslim or atheist . 
  the same burka or hijab . 
  it is only a piece of cloth covering a body to comply with requirements for decency defined in a culture . 
  and force people to wear a dress they consider indecent is brute . 
  especially the swimsuit is very sensitive from decency point of view . 
  and not only because of decency , many people have not beautiful bodies to be happy show them minimally covered . 
  many people avoid beaches because they are shy and embarrassed because of their imperfect bodies . 
  they would be happy if it was normal to wear a swimsuit covering most of body . 
  and people having sensitive skin would be happy having something like burkini . 
  i am not angry with them , it is their natural habit having a charm . 
  i respect it , but it is somehow frustrating . 
  she says something so you start a coversation in english to find that `` kopj le ! '', 
  is not just expression of a positive response ... 
  nope , actually i saw a lot of these kids . 
  we call them ma\u010fa\u0159i , they call themselves magyar , but otherwise look like us . 
  the worst is that there are also many beautiful women speaking like that ,, 
  thanks . 
  can somebody explain the legal background ? 
  if she was pardoned by president how can any court not comply with it ? 
  in czech republic it would be unconstitutional , because president 's pardon is above any court . 
   bavaria is not germany . 
  i met many proud bavarians thinking the same . 
  it is a myth , there are little children speaking it fluently . 
  sorry , but this thread is not for personal arguments and is in english . 
  i understand very well polish . 
  please , delete your reply . 
  sorry , but this thread is not for personal arguments and is in english . 
  i understand very well polish . 
  please , delete your replies . 
  you reply signalises misunderstanding . 
  i remember hepnarov\u00e1 case very well , i was 18 then and living in prague . 
  i used that tram stop quite often . 
  i red about it ten years ago everything then available . 
  i think she was not to be executed , because she was mentally ill . 
  the communist regime minimized publication of the case and it was the best , how to treat such things . 
  her act was kind of revenge to all people and any publication of it somehow extends her crime and impact of it . 
  i was horrified , that the movie was made on the basis of this crime and tragedy . 
  it is like to make a film about andreas lubitz or andres breivik . 
  there is realy quite big risk it could trigger another psychopath to imitate it . 
  there is the famous story of suicides induced by goethe 's novel werther . 
  pathological behaviour lures to imitation . 
  and risk of such pathologic behaviour you can prevent only by searching and treating psychopaths and minimize factors that could trigger such acts . 
  but media and movie makers make money publishing perverse . 
  if authorities tried somehow restrict media , they would accuse them of cenzorship . 
  if i imagine how would `` free '' media exploit hepnarov\u00e1 cause , i am sick . 
  she was a beutiful fragile girl ... 
  but i think that repeating mass murders in us schools and other `` pathological '' shooting is a chain induced by media exploiting it giving it large and detailed publicity . 
  but organized and coordinated terrorist attacks require in current situation preventive operations that would somehow restrict freedom and privacy of everybody including refugees . 
  to monitor one potential terrorist requires a team of at least 20 people . 
  there could be thousands terrorists and their supporters . 
  so current methods and legal frame are insufficient . 
  once we had a czech kingdom , then our kings got idea to invite some germans to have more peasants and to build some more towns . 
  long story , but it came to point when german leaders here declared there is no czech kingdom , but a sudetenland and after some time one german politician ( heidrich ) prepared a solution : 1/3 of czechs racially suitable should be germanized , 1/3 should be used as enslaved workers in german ukraine , the rest should be processed in gas chambers after their capacity would available ... a little bit simplified , but it 's a reason why many people here say `` no migrants '' !, 
  i live here 58 years , i remember time when the historic centr was normal town , where people lived and to cross the charles bridge was enjoyable . 
  if there were forty german tourists we were pissed they speak too aloud . 
  i was used to learn in the terace gardens under the castle ... we were used to drink beer in pubs in mal\u00e1 strana , no foreigners there . 
  in suburbs were normal factories , prague was industrial town ,, 
  politics are requested to deliver a solution that in current situation is impossible . 
  they ca n't ensure greater safety without restricting various rights , freedoms and breaking privacy . 
  each attack rises probability of another attack because it inspires and excites all potential attackers . 
  but it is smaller part of the current danger . 
  if a radical group is able to organize simultaneous attacks on several different distant places they would be able to cause much worse destabilisation then changing party preferences . 
  if there are hundreds of them only in germany , they are able make efficient deception to make german police busy with marginal or fake activities and prepare something spectacular . 
  and because to fulfill expectations of refugees is impossible ( at least in relevant time ) , they frustration will grow making them easier to collaborate with radicals . 
  prague has area 500 km2 . 
  the historic centre is devastated by mass tourism and rascals that make money on it , important part of them are russian organized criminals . 
  the rest of city is step by step colonised by global companies . 
  now various developers wants to build more skyscrapers surrounding city center to make money on offices and flats having view on the central part . 
  it tragedy . 
  cities are no disneylands and mass tourism is a horrible destructive force . 
  i live in prague , it is a victim of tourism when i see noisy dumb crowd , most of them seeks only cheap beer and sex , i am sick . 
  overrated paris , venice ... ? 
  are you blind or permanently drunken ? 
  go in a disneyland !, 
   not when it comes to the navies . 
  counter piracy operations are important but 3600 ton ' frigates hunting pirates armed by ak47 sailing in small boats is not a convincing demonstration of maritime force . 
  intervention in lybia documents that european forces are unable to perform operations without us support in mediterranean sea that is vital for their security ( regardless the fact that intervention itself was counterproductive ) . 
  us public debt is not an impressive proof of making money by formally legal ponzi schemes and mutual nails ' trimming . 
  i know about such effort but i do n't believe they could succeed . 
  it is not about money only . 
  it is about the core of the islam . 
  this progressive down to earth muslims would be disbelievers in eyes of the islam mainstream .
