  `` about 16000 ! '', 
  they put together 8000 and go to old lady : `` dear madam , stop pray , here you have some money from the communist party that cares of you . '', 
  the old lady thanks , but after the officials are away , she kneels again under cross : `` my lord thank you for sending me money for a new cow !, 
  however do not send it by communists next time , they steal a half of it always ! '', 
  just now we need much more very efficient surveillance . 
  that islamist ideology have just now real very destructive impact . 
  if a single serial deviant murderer endangers girls in an area everbody agrees very exceptional surveillance , because they understand problem very well . 
  people are confused and fooled by crazy scribblers for whom a human being teared apart by a terrorist is only abstract subject of news . 
  terrorists doing suicidal attacks definitely are not `` murderers plain and simpe '' and they are not only members of criminal community . 
  and this is the reason why prevent such people to murder us and prevent destruction our society we must apply many measures that would restrict our privacy and freedom for some time . 
  however we must stay at control of it . 
  the problem is that modern technologies are horribly changing and endangering our world . 
  we are sorcerer 's apprentices loosing control . 
  no , this is about gendrism - absurd and dangerous ideology presented as a science . 
  if it is so why equality ombudsman deals with it at all ? 
  i think it is necessary distinguish different terms and concepts called by it . 
  fascism is not islam . 
  german nazism was different from italian fascism or spanish franquismo . 
  bolshevik 's communism was very far from german nazism though both resulted in mass murdering . 
  if you do n't distinguish it these words became only aggressive invectives and you are prevented to see a core of problems . 
  discussion becomes an irrational quarrel . 
  if you say islam is fascism you do n't touch the problem , you swear only . 
  and it is the same as to call a racist somebody who is strongly negative to islam and its believers . 
  racism is not sorting and measuring people by religion but by biological characteristics . 
  you can say that islam is evil as fascism , but you should not say islam is fascism . 
  in the article : `` the new gender-neutral pronoun '' who can introduce a new gender-neutral pronoun and force anybody to use it ? 
  cvrk , crk , srb , hrk consonants only !, 
  i lived for 30 years under a communist regime !, 
  it was possible to get to court for many absurd causes but so crazy bolsheviks were not !, 
  swedish people why do you let politicians redefine basic concepts of your language ? 
  it is absurd violence of common sense . 
  i ca n't smile it . 
   turkey actually i had yesterday a piece of a baked turkey . 
  what a tasteful bird !, 
  coud be a proxy war turkey versus russia ? 
  most presumable scenario after brexit from central european view : brexit scottish independence referendum welsh independence referendum the scottish and welsh parliaments renounce the bill of rights ( 1689 ) as an act of religious discrimination calling a legitimate successor of james ii to throne franz , duke of bavaria , became king of scotland and wales as francis i. 
  he renames house of wittelsbach to house of stuart-whitebrook and renounces lederhosen in favor of kilt . 
  scotland and welsh became the united kingdom of british peninsulas ( ukbp ) . 
  francis i. as an important member of old german nobility starts negotiation of membership for ukbp in eu . 
  francis i. declares his right to the english throne and conquers all remaining non pakistani english towns and london 's quarters . 
  all houses of windsor and mountbatten flee on the gloriana barge to ulster in confusion and fear taking with them koh-i-noor and caryatide . 
  francis i. moves his residence to london formally justifying it by a declaration that multiculturalism is more bearable then midges . 
  in fact he is in fear of scottish clans . 
  francis i. strictly forbids imperial units to make education in english schools easier for his children . 
  francis i. unites scotland , wales and england , naming it the reunited kingdom and giving it a sate motto `` for things to remain the same , everything must change '' . 
  francis i. as an important member of old german nobility starts never ending negotiation of membership of ruk in eu . 
  however he is happy finally to be free of prussian hegemony . 
  console your wounded revolutionary heart by music : internationale in 51 languages : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o9hsjyf2hc die wacht am rhein https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml2sviclu4a and teh most beautiful avanti popolo ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yujvmwoixe8 and if it has not help revolutionary funeral march : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr7xu_x1vy8, 
  he also made serious mistakes sometimes . 
  for example he thought that the polka '' \u0160koda l\u00e1sky '' ( beer barrel polka / rosamunde / rosamunda / frida oum papa ... ) is a german folk song . 
  he also demanded czech republic to sell germany lobkowicz palais ( german emabassy is placed there ) , because it is an important building for german history . 
  after france sells them versailles for that happening in january 1871 , czech republic could consider it . 
  that brigade in six east nato countries is useless because russians are not dumb or crazy . 
  they do not want conquer poland or bulgaria . 
  they want to keep crimea and eastern ukraine and trans-dniestr . 
  they want only area where they have support of inhabitants . 
  but if usa try to gain control of crimea russians would use all means . 
  it is for them important as hawaii for usa . 
  i do n't understand again . 
  `` we have only to kick in the door and the whole rotten structure will come crashing down . '', 
  adolf hitler 1941 operation barbarossa failed ( moscow ) 1942 operation case blue ( fall blau ) failed ( stalingrad ) 1943 operation citadel failed ( kursk ) evacuation of factories -- example : two of three factories producing t34 in leningrad and stalingrad had to be evacuated . 
  factory in gorky produced without interruption . 
  it was not an argument . 
  he called me `` comrade '' . 
  i am not a communist , i am catholic , that 's all . 
  and i do n't understand why you write how many catholic are in russia . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i know history of ww ii quite well . 
  soviet army was weak in begining because stalin murdered thousands best officers in 1937 . 
  and they were surprised and in chaos . 
  if they were able to use all their force from beginning , they would have been in 1943 in paris , maybe in madrid too . 
  they had best tanks in 1941 , much better then anything that germans had , but the mass production was delayed because they had to move all factories in siberia . 
  i am catholic . 
  it is absurd argument . 
  when i was ten years old in one morning i woke up when my grandmother cried in street : `` wake up all , russians are here ! '', 
  in previous night hundred of thousands soviet soldiers invaded my country . 
  it was 21 . 
  august 1968 . 
  we live between germans and russians on strategical place and e know that both are freaks that is not good to underestimate . 
  why ? 
  it was only a very ilustrative example of underestimating russians . 
  german army was a very strong force in 1941 . 
  four million soldiers , three thousands tanks , four thousands aircrafts . 
  and mr. obama promises to deploy 1 brigade in 6 eastern nato countries . 
  you ca n't expand without a real force . 
  you ca n't promise ukraine what you are not able to do . 
  it is irresponsible . 
  it is difficult to believe how western politicians has underestimated russians . 
  and naive people follow them . 
  in 1941 hitler promised german soldiers they were soon parade on the red square . 
  when stalin let them do it in 1944 they were not happy . 
  why putin send his green guys to crimea ? 
  to prevent nato control it . 
  why is war in donbas ? 
  to prevent eu and nato to control it . 
  and what nato can do ? 
  make a very serious complaint !, 
  always full of respect to greek culture , bravery and cleverness i like to use their mythology . 
  abilities of mr. putin are evident from his all biography if you see it in the context of russian history after 1989 . 
  any current european politician would fail in three weeks in his role .
