  and it would be indeed very costly to esatblish really efficient system of border protection . 
  so let germany take and keep them all not forcing other states to reatke them . 
  god luck with it . 
  for the czech republic it would be a serious issue because we have long now open boundary , but we were used to a border fence for 40 years so we can have it there again . 
  only the function would be reverse . 
  on territories inhabited by other nations . 
  it is important difference . 
  ownership of a territory by a nation is very strange concept in central and east european context . 
  and also it is very important , how a nation is defined . 
  it varies a lot across whole europe and each particular nation/ethnic group can have own definition . 
  and up to now it is cause of conflicts from spain to ukraine . 
  but this post is about '' german interior ministry : turkish government supports islamistic terrorism , turkey is ` platform of action ' for islamists '' , so if you want to discuss it , we should use private message or create somewhere a post adequate to the thema . 
  it depedens on what you consider decent and indecent . 
  this is really the cheapest and dumbest populism i 've ever seen . 
  i really do n't support islamism or even islam . 
  on 11th september i celebrate the battle of zenta and on 10th october battle of tours ( poitiers ) to express my oppinion . 
  but to attack women 's shyness using such reasoning is expression of mental impotency . 
  asking `` for shits n giggles '' is not my intention !, 
  sorry , i do n't understand relationship of you reply to my text . 
   multinationalism , languages , etc etc were never in question in austria-hungary or its predecessors based on your flier i suppose you are an austrian and your reply amazes me . 
  my nephew attended in prague the austrian gymnasium , i have since no illusions about the quality of the austrian education but your reply shocks me . 
  why do you think that austria-hungary fell apart in 1918 ? 
  it is too long and complicated story to explain it in a reddit reply and it out of this thread . 
  if you are really intersting in it , send me a personal message and will try to find for you some basic informations on web you can read it . 
  yes !, 
  they will consider him a martyr and ideal who adamantly serves to god who is to be followed . 
  this helps nothing , just opposite . 
  this is about religion not about street crimes . 
  i hope i would not offend anybody by such comparison , but romans judged , tortured , murdered christians for 300 years , it did not helped them . 
  each dead or imprisoned martyr is a strong appeal for other believers to prove his suffering is not in vain . 
  the only way is what bolsheviks called `` ideological struggle '' . 
  he and his followers are free to teach : `` next time when your child is at school and the teacher says ` what do you want when you grow up ? 
  what is your ambition ? 
  ' , they should say ` to dominate the whole world by islam , including britain - that is my ambition ' , '' and anybody trying to speak against islam is called a `` racist '' and violator of ( nonexistent ) multicultural harmony spreading `` hate '' speech that must not be tolerated . 
  the core of our problem is not their strength but our weakness , mental and moral confusion and chaos , crisis of our own political and economical system and crisis of ideas that establish it . 
  our various radicals have unrealistic vision of world and european political and economical organization , destroying national identities but not able to replace it by anything else really working , forcing moral and legal rules that endangers physical base of our society . 
  everyone is shouting something about various alleged rights and nobody cares even about the most basic obligations necessary for the stability and continuation of society and life in general . 
   ditib problem is much older then the whole salafism problem a just this makes them less evil . 
  german secret services probably know much more about them having more agents inside , they understand better their goals . 
  on the other hand ditib also had more time to bulit a good position to blackmail german state . 
  but i do n't say it is a good policy , i only speculate about reasons . 
  yes , i understand it , but things went too far , there is no place for compromise . 
  it is like situation of austro-hungaria during wwi . 
  but it would be much worse tragedy than end of austro-hungaria . 
  turks made and make serious errors . 
  if they let kurds have something like their state after wwi , they would have been now their at least close alies . 
  each kurd died in war is a commitment for living to continue the fight and his tombstone is a stone in the wall between turks and kurds . 
  jihadi and nusra combatants are normal civilians !, 
  do they wear uniforms ? 
   do n't run from every conspiracy theory it is very difficult to imagine that us inteligence services had no idea that a coup is prepared . 
  because `` a drowning man will clutch at a straw '' . 
  german authorities are desperately looking for anybody who would help them to prevent spreading of salafism . 
  it is policy of lesser evil . 
  but it does n't solve main problem of states having strong muslim minorities . 
  these people are inhabitants and not citizens . 
  they are not identified with the sate they live in . 
  they only live there forming an unbound entity . 
  it seems me like a water freely moving inside a boat . 
  if amount of water crosses some volume ( i.e. 
  mass ) the boat inevitably capsizes by internal impulse casued by the moving water . 
   super-state ruled by traditional values under a patriarch italian fascism as `` a super-state ruled by traditional values under a patriarch '' ? 
  if it was so they would have restored the papal state . 
  hitler as a patriarch promoting traditional values ? 
  sorry , it is ridiculous misinterpretation . 
  you have probably an obsession to interpret as a `` patriarchy '' everything what you hate or are afraid of and call `` fascism '' all violent non-leftist movements . 
  islamism is not fascism . 
  it is based on religious concepts promoting theocratic organization of society led by religious authorities . 
  main fascist ideologies aere atheistic , based on abused science and pseudoscience promoting corporate organization of society and strong leadership . 
  if their goals are the same it is better to have a terrorists , you can kill them and their actions delegitimize their goals . 
   saudi government is unable to keep parts of its population ( some even are from the saudi family ) from supporting many terrorist groups . 
  it is not about abillity , they support what we call terrorist groups from 1744 . 
   oil money and modern weapons everybody who goes by a car supports them . 
  sudis can only smile saying `` god is great ! '', 
   us indeed has a history of supporting extremist people ... to bite them not only them . 
  turkey wants to be regional power having strong influence in iraq and syria . 
  islamist open a door to it , kurds close . 
  if there were not kurds , turkey would have occupied northern syria creating a safety zone . 
  you can find many maps showing variants of proposed / required independent kurdistan simply googling it . 
  it reminds me czech nation in austro-hungaria and pangermanism . 
  if germans ( and hungarians ) did not want to have their exclusive national state on territories inhabited by other nations , austro-hungaria would have existed up to now , because it would have been profitable for all their nations . 
  and horrible suffering of millions of people , murdered or expelled , could be prevented ... 
  i am affraid that purpose of this `` leak '' is not to provide objective information about turkey . 
  however muslim brotherhood is not a `` political party '' . 
  it is probably most important semi-secret international suni society . 
  it is principially anti-western , anti-secular forcing sharia and theocratic principles , simultaneously speaking about democracy . 
  but their concept of democracy is far from western one . 
  as an organization it is much more like the communist international was than a political party , how it is understood in liberal-democratic states . 
  because you are exposed to continual media manipulation and political games , you see it and it makes you distrustful . 
  it is difficult to believe some people even if they say only `` guten tag ! '' . 
  `` leaks '' are used very often as a game instrument and everybody is aware of that . 
  and this leak in fact smells like a game to piss turkey and undermine merkel 's policy . 
  and you have to say what it is describing its real features . 
  islamist is not fascist , you mix very different concepts . 
  fascism is not based on religion , the ideological core of islamism is theocracy . 
  it is confusing and contraproductive . 
  a scorpion is not a snake though it is venomous . 
  why ? 
  it harms nobody . 
  and it is not a religious symbol , it is not indecent . 
  to ban it is breaking personal freedom to wear swimsuit corresponding to individual shyness and standards of decency .
