  most ( not all ! ), 
  of german speaking people come after thirty years ' war . 
  the country was in that time largely devastated more then half o population died during the war . 
  most of czech nobility was stripped of property majority of them forced to emigrate . 
  foreign , mostly german , nobility was brought in country . 
  the german language was declared equal to the czech language in 1627 . 
  this started political domination of germans and germanization of higher social layers reducing usage of czech language to peasant and lower classes of urban population . 
  reforms of joseph ii brought first elementary education in czech language and during 19th century czech language and culture was step by step restored . 
  in 19th century large part of german speaking inhabitants of bohemia identified themselves to pangermanic idea , czech speaking people stayed identified wit idea of the bohemian kingdom as a part of habsburg monarchy . 
  political representation of german speaking people systematically blocked czech emancipation refusing any solution similar to austro-hungarian compromise of 1867 . 
  they just like you insisted that bohemia is a german country though it was at least country of both nations . 
  further historical development resulted in a catasrophe . 
  the core of problem was that germans wanted to build a unitary german national state in area inhabited by many nations . 
  now they repeat mistake in different colors trying build a bundes republik europe . 
   but turks living in europe being pro-erdogan is like the least of our problem we would pay heavily for such underrating danger . 
   they dont know about the war vs the kurds the conflict between turks and kurds is very very old . 
  they konw ... germans living in pre-war czechoslovakia knew very well how nazi r\u00e9gime worked in 1938 . 
  however , almost all opted for it despite many emigrants running in czechoslovakia from reich . 
  people are often crazy . 
  they `` see '' reality very selectively being driven by emotions . 
  and just emotions are very dangerous trigger that could turn many turks to very surprising moves . 
  it is not a good idea to provoke emotions by a `` satire '' . 
  he hoped they would strengthen his power voting him . 
  they threaten his power voting their national kurdish party ... 
   stop dual citizenship citizenship do n't change identity . 
  germans living in pre-war czechoslovakia had czechoslovak citizenship and finally almost all considered hitler their leader . 
  if erdogan succeeds activativating turkish nationalism mixed with islamism in germany and a significant part of new immigrants join it it would be hell not only for germany but for whole europe . 
  germans have a bomb under their ass . 
  and erdogan knows it and it is a part of his calculation . 
  in this moment he has free hands in home and a whip on europe . 
   the true father of the turks , including those who live in germany , is president erdogan . 
  the article is not a `` nazi '' propaganda !, 
  notice the author , serdar somuncu , was born in istanbul and grew up in the rhineland . 
  the unification of germany in 19th century is a very unhappy precedent . 
  first of all it was not a voluntarily democratic process . 
  it was a `` unification by blood and iron '' trying to create a german national state in an area that covered also countries inhabited by other nations . 
  it was one of main causes that destroyed the habsburgs ' empire and finally resulted in expelling millions of germans from the central and eastern europe . 
  ----- there is a european folk feeling more or less something like a european identity , however it is not a united nation in any meaning of the word that it has in europe . 
  moreover the term nation denotes different concepts in various states . 
  even a different interpretation of this word causes an internal conflict in some states . 
  ------ some groups of european folk have multilayer identity . 
  people can feel strong identity to an ethnic group that is considered a part of a nation . 
  several nations can be identified to a common state . 
  there are also many identities related to various historical states and regions . 
  -------- such complicated system of identities is by some people considered a historic junk that should be replaced by a simple european identity . 
  it is impossible !, 
  attempts to force it would fail and bring useless suffering to many people . 
  i do n't mean typography . 
  in this context is a specification of a political orientation absurd . 
  especially if it is first word in the text . 
  i would be happy if this was introduced in the town , where i live . 
  people here have more dogs then children . 
  walking in streets i prefer to look for beautiful women rather than dogs ' excrements . 
   the far-right mayor why is just this emphasised in this context ? 
  is care of about cleanness an expression of a political orientation in france ? 
  europe is a very complex and heterogeneous structure that ca n't be organized using a model working in other areas . 
  there is no federation in world that would be established voluntarily by so many various nations and states having long history of various levels of sovereignty . 
  europeans must find a more sophisticated organization based on principles respecting european complex reality that was created in a long historic process . 
  it should be built gradually and we must accept that it could not be simply uniformed . 
  it should be multilayer structure enabling various forms and strength of integration . 
  --------- we need to treat problem o smaller nations not marginalizing them . 
  however we need a working structure . 
  for this is necessary a multilayer organization containing integrated entities based on sets of smaller states . 
  to establish such entities we should find a balanced organization of close and synergic coexistence . 
  i am convinced that substructures similar to austro-hungarian empire or yugoslavia are possible and necessary . 
  their ending was not unavoidable , it was a tragic failure and we have to learn from it to prevent such failures . 
  similarly nations living in spain or in united kingdom should avoid breaking it . 
  it does n't mean conservation of existing problems . 
  unrestricted access of companies and goods from rich countries to markets of poorer ones brings much bigger problems . 
  access to labor market is only a small compensation for it . 
  rich countries also have no problem with skilled specialist from poorer countries . 
  it is very advantageous take these people and not to pay for their education . 
  we have here lack of physicians because of it and remaining demand money that is impossible to pay in a poorer state . 
  in this way you would only destroy life of three people helping nothing . 
  first of all the child needs its mother and the child needs her mother . 
  any separation of them is cruel malicious act . 
  see case of jacee dugard how strongly she is bound to her daughters despite horrible crime she suffered . 
  and mother and child need husband and father and in this situation it is necessary to examine each particular case to find optimal solution not causing much more suffering to people that would not understand your reasons . 
  what you say is g.w.bush 's manipulative language . 
  groups in syria are insurgents . 
  some members of these groups perpatrate terrorist acts in syria and in europe . 
  however their main business is guerilla war with syrian army and with other insurgent groups . 
  they fight with other fighters and soldiers . 
  many of them perpatrate war crimes , though insurgent fighter is not the same as terrorist . 
  distinguish terrorist and insurgent figters is not about sympathy or antipathy . 
  a fighter wants to defeat other fighters . 
  a terrorist wants to provoke fear and chaos , inappropriate reaction , revolution , uprising etc. 
   i write a summary which could be written by a 5 year old native you can ( and should ) learn it better only using it . 
  in my country if you want a better job you must be able communicate in english . 
  many times in france a kindly person comes an wants to help you to find a way . 
  if you ask `` do you speak english ? '', 
  he / she gives you a wide smile saying `` yes ! '', 
  and continues floding you by a stream of words in which you can uderstand only '' \u00e0 gauche '' and '' \u00e0 droite '' . 
  after he/she finishes you say `` merci beaucoup !, 
  '' , wait after he/she is away and then take a way you find yourself . 
   refuse to recognize the fact that breivik was a terrorist as i have written above , they do n't want discuss his motives . 
  to define terrorism is difficult . 
  after 9/11 attacks us government abuses this word to denote too large spectrum of activities hostile to us and their allies . 
  it covers for example guerilla fighting if it is against american interests . 
  it is not good to mix terms .
