  since bek also means beak i guess i see why they chose for the blue . 
  meh i 've lived next to a mosque , not a single problem . 
  it never woke me in the morning . 
  and that 's even when the mosque was rather small and hired a very bad ` singer ' . 
  when i went to a mall in dubai the message they played there was ` sung ' in a voice of pure beauty compared to the one next to my place . 
  the dude even started sneezing while doing the announcement one time . 
  but anyway , i live next to a church now ( seriously , what is it with these religious buildings ) and i actually find it more annoying . 
  every now and then those bells start going crazy for 15 minutes straight , and that certainly * has * woken me up . 
  the benefit , though , is that the church serves as my personal gigantic-ass clock . 
  if you 're 15 it 's slightly confusing which option you need to pick , but good poll otherwise . 
  and in general we had warmest night ever recorded since 1901 !, 
  cucumbers ? 
  i always thought our water-filled assault was carried out via tomatoes . 
  dude there may be over a million mosques in tunisia , i do n't even know how you can come to the conclusion that 80 means it 's widespread in tunisia . 
  i think it 's just that water always runs towards the lowest point and the same goes for ground water : more will end up in low and flat areas . 
  in ` many ' , that 's kind of being unfair . 
  even in the other gulf states they make fun of saudi arabia . 
  there 's been many speculations , but for now we mostly agree that it 's just a thing he/she does and that it also kinda helps people who are learning french in school . 
  i do n't think it 's about linguistic superiority tough , probably to showcase linguistic diversity in europe or such . 
  seriously ? 
  we do n't have these people on tv at all . 
  and you want to torture people for their opinion ( no matter what that opinion may be ) ? 
  force feeding is on a guantanamo-level of idiocy . 
  why do you even think nl was targeted because of extremist imams ? 
  you should know by now that was mostly the fa\u00e7ade used for snooping around and that the nsa was interested in any personal data they deemed relevant . 
  hey , good luck on the referendum thingy !, 
  ( i 'm just assuming you 're voting yes ), 
  heh , the star shape was optimal for defending against attackers from all sides , and cannons were usually placed on the tips . 
  a lot of these fortified towns were important in the 80 year 's war , like the capture of [ brielle ] ( http://www.levedevestingbrielle.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/brielle-lucht-foto-john-de-pater.jpg ) by the geuzen ( the dutch rebels ) which was the start of the revolt against spain . 
  personally i 'm a big fan of star forts like [ naarden ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eljs1bt.jpg ) or [ bourtange ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ztiluad.jpg ) [ ( pic nr . 
  they usually have a bunch of cute historical buildings in the centre , and perhaps a few old cannons . 
  i suppose you could just have other people taste your dishes and then you 'd know just as well if it turned out alright . 
  like you said , tastes differ , so a good chef would need to get multiple opinions in the first place . 
  it does n't make such a big difference if their own opinion is included in those or not , does it ? 
  or at least if it only concerns a few dishes anyway ( pork dishes in this case ) . 
  perhaps it 's a bit more trouble for the chef themselves but in the end i 'd wager they should be able to learn how to cook a specific food without tasting it . 
  no , damn it . 
  the clogs are ours !, 
  ( as is the herring , unless it 's already rotting ) . 
  scandinavia ca n't steal our silly stereotypes !, 
  mostly for fun !, 
  i know small amounts of latin and i 've heard romanian is actually closest to ancient latin out of all modern languages , which sounds interesting . 
  i generally just like learning languages , i dont care if i eventually need them or not . 
  speak : english , dutch , ok german , poor french & danish learning : more danish , french want to learn : romanian , arabic . 
  van james nice card !, 
  did you know the family has recieved 52 000 cards so far ? 
  they 're extremely happy with them ( and i think this is going to break some kind of record ! ), 
  one small thing : ` zellen ' should be ` zullen ' there , 
  yup , ` veel liefde ( en knuffels ) toegewenst vanuit australi\u00eb '  the knuffels is to add the ` hugs ' part , and i think ` toegewenst ' seems more correct than ` gewenst ' but it does n't make much of a difference . 
  do you speak dutch ? 
  if so you could watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlp0czpp1xq ) . 
  they 're not considered different languages at all . 
  i think some of the dialects spoken in belgium may be sufficiently different enough from dutch to be considered a seperate language but otherwise ` flemish ' just refers to the dutch spoken in flanders like ` american english ' refers to the english spoken in the u.s. 
  building them in the waddensea at least is not a very good solution as it 's a protected nature reserve that one needs to be careful with , though there are of course more stretches of sea along nl 's coast . 
  besides a lot of uk series which is to be expected , i 've seen a few episodes of t\u00fcrkisch f\u00fcr anf\u00e4nger with my german class in school , which is very typical highschool material . 
  oh , and i watched the entirety of deutschland von oben ( basically , air footage of germany ) when i was bored . 
  i also started les revenants ( france ) which was good but i had to take it very slowly as i had trouble understanding everything ( my french is shit ) . 
  besides that i 've seen a few danish series ( borgen , forbrydelsen and broen/the bridge all of which i like ) because i want to learn the language at some point . 
  maybe they are referring to [ this ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20151013-task-force-lafayette-french-veterans-volunteer-fight-isis-islamic-state-group ) ? 
  realise that , though i would add that it being expected of humans does n't mean it is not unethical . 
  but i suppose wishing people cared more about everyone is just pointless , and otherwise something like is would n't exist in the first place . 
  i am a tiny bit uncomfortable with reddit ( do n't mean / r/europe ) changing their snoo to one holding a french flag . 
  it 's an absolutely great gesture , but why have they never done this for any of the other victims of is ? 
  the media makes it feel like french lives are worth more . 
  as far as i know this is the first time they 've done this however , so perhaps they will do it for other countries in the future as well , which is lovely . 
  i lived in oman for four years , and then moved back to nl . 
  after 7 months or so i got into a car for a family trip and i realised that was the first time i 'd seen the inside of a car since moving back . 
  felt really weird . 
  i guess because it 's not really possible to cycle in oman ( no good cycling infrastructure ) and there was no proper train system i was really used to being in a car to go everywhere . 
  you kidding ? 
  i 've lived in oman for four years and it 's in my opinion very deservedly in the top ten . 
  met lots of hindus , christians and atheists there as well . 
  you can tell the newbies on this sub by the people who take you seriously . 
  not that you or the american stereotype make things easy for them . 
  well , the dutch spoken in belgium often does contain more french terms than standard dutch in daily use ( although standard dutch in general contains quite a few french-derived terms for things ) . 
  i once drove into a town in drenthe which consisted of three roundabouts in a row , and passing those i 'd already exited the town again . 
  i do n't really think my forest foraging trip would fit under the classification of cuisine . 
  it was more like the time that i ate a kiwi with the skin still on because google told me it was edible and i wanted to try it out . 
  yes , raw chestnuts and kiwi skin are both edible , and yes , both those things tasted terrible ( to me anyway ) . 
  i do n't especially like the taste of chestnuts , but i 've only ever eaten them picked straight off the ground and never roasted . 
  is that how people generally eat the chestnuts during castanyada , and are they nice when roasted ? 
  ( also : huh , never knew the dutch word for chestnut ` kastanje ' was derived from latin . ), 
  it only gets this bad with raised bridges ( or sometimes intersections with quite a waiting time ) though . 
  there 's a bridge on my commute , and although you get quite the buildup , one or two kilometers down the road the traffic has dispersed enough once again for there to be more room ( so you at least do n't cycle wheel to wheel anyway ) . 
  fun fact : one of the stereotypical excuses for being late to school here is ` the bridge was raised ' or ' i had a flat tyre ' ( compare it with ` the dog ate my homework ' ) . 
  you can clearly see a path cut into the grass by those sneaky bastards . 
  edit : though i must admit i myself have , in the past , hopped onto sidewalks in order to get around a slow moving bakfietsouder . 
  on islam democraten : i was wondering why they did n't just join the cda because i assumed they 'd have a similar type of policy , just with a more ` islam ' rather than a ` christian ' focus but not much changed . 
  as it turns out , the points they actually focus on are improved integration in the hague and stopping war/genocides . 
  honestly i 'm not sure why they call themselves id if their main points are n't that religious/conservative ( like the cda ) . 
  i wonder ... what 's the standard space between street lanterns ? 
  these seem very close together , like half the number would suffice . 
  i like taking the train by bike as it 's pretty easy ( and for only 6 euros extra ) , but if the ns installed a rule similar to this that would end pretty quickly . 
  is n't that just referring to the [ m.s. 
  estonia ? ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ms_estonia ), 
  same , but i like switching to qmusic as well for some of dat sweet ` het geluid ' action . 
  see [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/3me27g/hoi_dutchmen_and_dutchwomen_why_dont_you/ ) thread for some expanations . 
  ( to summarise : apart from creating some islands for a new nature reserve , the ijsselmeer will be left alone . 
  i do n't know about the north sea , but if something is going to happen it wo n't be anytime soon ),
