if we are n't pissing on the players then at least it 's all the coach 's fault . 
  we love hating oranje , why else would people support them ? 
  they are good enough to support but bad enough to not actually win much so it 's a nice stress reliever to shout at the tv . 
  assen : motorcross ( tt circuit ) , and cycling . 
  and old people . 
  i would say it 's denmark/germany but that depends if you 're beneath or above the rivers . 
  no , drenthe is obviously more uninhabited that that . 
  source : not living in drenthe . 
  fields upon fields ^ ( upon fields ) of agriculture . 
  between 56-60 % of nl is agriculture ( another 11 % is water ) and only the rest is nature/cities , this being in the one of the most densely populated countries in the world . 
  source : first lived in drenthe , which has potato/grain fields as far as the eye could see , then lived in zuid holland which has greenhouses as far as the eye can see , also cycle in noord holland , where there are flower fields as far as the eye can see . 
  have gone to friesland , dairy cows everywhere . 
  those greenhouses are especially important because they optimise growing , not every country has the recources for the mass production that happens in those . 
  example : only 4 % of dutch workforce is employed in farming , but it makes up 21 % of the total dutch export so it is a pretty efficient process . 
  sorry for the late response , but i absolutely love this song ( dutch ) : [ eefje de visser-ongeveer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc_kkmhzgpk ), 
  oman here , muslim country with loads of hindu/christian immigrants . 
  pretty peaceful if you ask me , most people have never even heard of oman . 
  yeah most immigrants do have a higher fertility rate , but it is more likely to be the benefits since france is not the only country with immigrants and i am fairly certain french people are having relatively many children ( i.e. 
  2 or more ) as well , since if the benefits i learnt about are still there it is much easier to accomodate more children than in other countries . 
  if my gcse geography lessons can be relied upon , it actually does n't surprise me if french people have more kids because france has installed a lot of programs to increase birthrate such as benefits if you have more children , cheap daycare , a lot of maternity and peternity leave , etc. 
  because they wanted to combat an ageing population . 
  there are loads of these aquaducts in frysl\u00e2n to connect all the lakes . 
  which i am really grateful for because if the cars went over the water instead of vice versa , you 'd have to wait for the bridge to open everytime you want to sail to a different lake . 
  haha , you 're right . 
  a friend gave me a lift today and i accidentally said ` watch out cycling up that mountain ' before we went up a bridge because it is the highest point in the whole area . 
  the upside of having no mountains is that you can be in awe at every hill you see - including the beautiful ones in romania and loads of other eu countries !, 
  also i love romanian language - it is the best romance/latin based language , 
  denmark i love the tv shows . 
  borgen ( the castle ) , br\u00f8en ( the bridge ) , forbrydelsen ( the ... killing i think ? ), 
  or probably every danish show of which the name follows a ` the '' _ word _ '' ' format . 
  it 's pretty bad that i 've mostly seen his majesty 's public appearances with the luckytv dub , so now the only voice i can really imagine on ` willy ' is that one . 
  clich\u00e9 dutch answer , but : gouda . 
  young gouda to be exact . 
  ah , it 's heaven on pancakes , crackers , anything really . 
  i also really enjoy philly ( philidelphia ) cheese on sushi . 
  and i 'm not sure what cheese goes into monchou cake but i love that as well . 
  cheeses i like less : feta , mozarella any goat/camel cheeses really , and a lot of mold/blue / ` french ' cheeses . 
  i guess it 's mostly cow cheeses for me . 
  they probably just wanted media attention . 
  maybe they should thank him , because of his small tip they made much more money through publicity . 
  i do n't remember this at all so i 'm not sure if it was that big a deal in normal dutch news , but tabloids would devour this . 
  but seriously who cares . 
  granted , it * is * a bit weird to tip 4 francs even if you are n't a king , unless you 're just rounding up , because it 's so little so why even bother at that point . 
  why would the gov. 
  even need to accuse a group of people publicly ? 
  they send a team of investigators and ensured a retrieval/ceremony for the lost people on that plane , what more should they have done ? 
  it 's clear the government recognises the ( very likely ) truth , and it is not really needed to have them state that in public which would aversedly affect their political position . 
  meh , a scientist would have been able to come up with the plan and the science behind it , just not implement it perhaps ? 
  this guy used things like fundraising and investments to try to actually execute the plan , that 's not per se a scientists area of expertise . 
  you do n't need to be really really intelligent for this , but recourceful and motivated so nobody should be ashamed of themselves , this guy should just be proud . 
  i agree that i am still not sure if this will actually work in practice , but he seems quite sure of himself . 
  not really , i think it was mostly privately funded so it 's not like the government itself ` wasted ' money on this . 
  besides that , it will end up with revenue since the apartments and stalls inside generate the money to pay it back . 
  i think the person who invested in this knew what they were doing ( or at least a little bit ) . 
  i thought the same , it really draws you in . 
  i almost wish more buildings had a mural - as distracting as that would get it 'd be awesome . 
  same reason i ca n't hate graffitti artists - if they actually make art anyway , not if they just randomly place a half-assed tag on monuments . 
  if you do , get a dog chip or something similar . 
  there are relatively cheap chips for pets which lets you track them - inject the chip in a safe place on your bike . 
  saddle is fine but * not * if you have a fancy gel saddle , because people sometimes enjoy cutting those open to see the gel drip out ( it 's happened to me ) . 
  you could also just place warning stickers on the bike saying it 's tracked ( regardless of it actually being tracked or not ) - if you have a * really * fancy bike this means they might try to cut everything open to find the tracker , but they will still be more held back , and if it 's a shitty bike they are much less likely to take the risk . 
  it 's like those ` watch out for the dog ' stickers meant to repel home invaders . 
  edit : more advice , get an ` individual ' bike that draws more attention , this seems like a bad thing but they are harder to pawn off . 
  on the bike , scratch something like ` do n't pawn ' and your phone number , so if a shop owner buys this bike they 'll know it 's illegal . 
  do n't park near the entrance of the parking garage , or right along a road where it 's really easy to lift your bike into a van and speed away . 
  keep up the fight . 
  are there those double-decker parking racks in denmark as well ? 
  where you can park two bikes on top of each other . 
  if there are , you should always place your bike in the top slot . 
  most people do n't bother because it means lifting the bike , but thieves are also lazy so if you are really attached to your bike it 's an option . 
  ( btw , if i were you , i * would n't * get attached to your bikes . 
  seriously , you sound like you have the worst luck in the world . ), 
  the utrecht station will break the world record wo n't it ? 
  if 12.500 bikes is the biggest parking garage for bikes , i wonder how many vehicles the biggest car parking garage can take , since cars take up more space than bikes . 
  edit : the largest car parking lot is 20.000 cars for a * mall * in canada ( west edmonton ) . 
  why would a mall even need that many car lots ? 
  which means : natuurkunde-nature studies , scheikunde-separation studies ( i think ) and aardrijkskunde-earth kingdom studies . 
  pretty weird actually . 
  it 's the area code ( or whatever you call it ) for rotterdam i believe . 
  yeah , uk + ireland looks lots like the arabian peninsula from this angle . 
  londen 's in saudi ( maybe right at the border with oman ) and dublin in ... 
  i think eritrea ? 
  ( my geography is n't the best ), 
  i 've never heard anyone call dutch superior over french , but eh i 'm not gon na correct you there . 
  what you say is true , but if i remember correctly they certainly gave the netherlands a ` headstart ' in energy production - sort of before the industrial revolution they were already used to provide energy for industrial purposes ( and water pumping of course ) . 
  but yeah , you are right that they do n't directly have anything to do with electricity ( certainly not nowadays ) but they * could have * been used to produce some . 
  also i just learnt that the netherlands had more than 9,000 windmills in 1850 compared to 1,974 windturbines as of september 2009 ( 5 times as many ) , which is pretty interesting . 
  there was another anti-isis protest in the hague on saturday , protesting on het spui ( ca n't link ; on mobile ), 
  i think our gov. 
  prefers windmills ( i mean the turbine kind ) . 
  it would help a lot though , if people got solar panels for their houses , but that 's expensive if they are n't subsidised . 
  yeah , up to now i 've been lucky ; it 's probably been different for other places ( and i got those mms in my face this morning . 
  hello , autumn rain . ), 
  may i ask why you were in ede ? 
  often people go to arnhem or wageningen which are in the neighbourhood but i ca n't imagine what one might do in ede . 
  thanks for the advice - but i use adblock so no revenue for them  though that also makes me feel slightly bad since this way i ` illegally ' watch shows without contributing * anything * to anyone else . 
  anyways - you 're right , it 's very annoying to wait , especially if the show you want to watch is one of the more obscure ones . 
  but it should be fine , since this show seems like it 's going to be well-watched . 
  i usually watch shows like borgen/broen online on youtube , or places such as watchseries.com etc. 
  but sometimes , depending on how popular a show is , it gets broadcasted in the netherlands ( and i belive this one will ) but often later than in the original country , so you 'd have to wait for a bit .
