  online you usually also have to wait a while until someone 's put the episodes up . 
  tell me about it , the past month it 's been 10c when cycling to school and six hours later , on the way back , you get a sweaty 25c . 
  at least it has n't rained yet , anything is better than the autumn rains harassing your face . 
  | horrible lunches ` scuse me ? 
  my slice of bread with peanut butter and chocolate sprinkles makes for a perfectly fine lunch , thank you very much . 
  \\ but you are right , these things are all true , as far as stereotypes go . 
  hurray we 're not going to die !, 
  suck it , kiribati !, 
  i concur entirely that discrimination against jewish people ( , and any other group of humans , ) should be acted against severely , regardless of who commits it ( the best way would likely be through education ) . 
  however , i do n't agree with a few of your points : eg. , that something that happened in the past should be made relevant now . 
  yes , it [ the atrocities commited against jewish , gay , roma and non-white groups in ww2 ] should indeed be used as a very stern example of what we ca n't have occur again , but simply saying that whatever discrimination happens now does not matter because ` it is a trifle ' of what has happened in the past is using that example in completely the wrong way . 
  instead , we should act against even the smallest of discrimination - who knows what it could lead to eventually . 
  and with that that i indeed refer to the anti-semitism in europe , but it is equally so for other kinds of discrimination ( you seem to imply that jewish people are more important , because atrocities were commited against jewish people in the past . ), 
  one other thing to maybe note : ` muslims ' do n't control a third of the world . 
  like you said before , people who happen to be muslim range a lot , from really poor algerians to rich indonesians , and it really is not one big community that somehow shares all its power with each other . 
  that 's like saying , just because barack obama is christian , and he happens to be ( right now , allegedly ) the most powerful man in the world , christians are the most powerful people in the world . 
  there are so , so many poor people with a bad position in life , and of those some happen to be muslim as well : are you telling me they rule a third of the world ? 
  what i 'm saying is that many muslims really are not living a good life and should also be protected , even if apparently other muslims rule 1/3rd of the world . 
  also , not a billion ( 1/7th of the world population ) muslims hate jewish people , those views are actually much less common than that , certainly in people who are religiously moderate . 
  i know it is an exaggeration , but still , it should be clear that the actions of one person who identifies as muslim in no way has to reflect the thoughts of another muslim person . 
  i do n't really know what we are arguing about again though , because other than those small remarks that i completely agree that anti-semitism should be lashed out against . 
  do our arguments overlap now , or do they still clash somewhere ? 
  i apologise for using the word ` racism ' in a wrong way , where i should have been using ` discrimination ' . 
  i 'm aware that the word 's definition does not have to do with religious or gender classification . 
  to be honest , there is a lot of hostility between groups of muslims and jews ( not all groups of course ) and it is coming from both sides . 
  though i do n't really know what your point is ( that jewish people are more persecuted than gay or muslim people ? ), 
  furthermore , first you say there is no racism against muslims because all muslim people are different , and then you say that racism against jewish people * is * possible ( which it is , ) and that ` muslims ' are persecuting them . 
  so muslims ca n't be discriminated against because they are not a homogenous group , but suddenly they as a homogenous group can be doing the persecuting ? 
  i mean this seriously : discrimination against jewish people exists . 
  against muslim people equally so . 
  right now , in the netherlands/europe , discrimination against muslim people really is a considerable problem . 
  i just do n't get what you are trying to argue here ? 
  it reminds me of a mixture of dutch and danish :  ik kan ook plat spreken , wat wel een eigen taal is . 
  or gramatically uncorrect , but that 's just because i ca n't properly speak danish ) i love mapping similarities in languages , though i 'm lazy so i love it even more if others map similarities between languages . 
  meanwhile i also speak dutch , german , english and a bit of french . 
  in danish . 
  i do n't quite know why , though , but i picked it up somewhere . 
  * ahem * - it 's not denmark who gains those territories , it 's drenthe that does !, 
  ^ all ^ bow ^ to ^ the ^ castle ^ and ^ stars, 
  what about eurovision , huh ? 
  huh ? 
  ( i really do n't care actually , imagine if everything was in every language . 
  god then we 'd have to wait even longer for the voting . ), 
  do you then also support the seperatists in ukraine ( seperate from the russian government being involved of course ) ? 
  ( serious question ), 
  hey , what 's your flag ? 
  representing london during ww2 or something ? 
  ( get it ? - during the blackouts ? 
  what is this a reference to ? 
  did we promise to send our whole army ? 
  i like it  mostly because i can practice my french . 
  je l'aime , car j' ai la chance de exercise ma fran\u00e7ais . 
  to be frank , a lot of those people who go to france and complain are just as arrogant themselves to expect the majority of french people to speak perfect english or be confident in english . 
  not everyone is confident enough to speak another language if they only know it a little . 
  dude , a family died , do n't mock them and pretend it is their own fault . 
  in the original haaretz article it even states that the idf could not say why they targeted the house in the first place . 
  it 's really sad , so this is not the right place for sarcastic comments about how ` unfair ' it all is and implying the family did anything to deserve this . 
  whenever the netherlands is brought up , without fail this will apear too : ' i hate people who are intolerant of other people 's cultures , and the dutch ' yes all right , wegetit , you 've seen a movie that a lot of other people have seen too . 
  that quote really just loses its flair after hearing it a 1000 times , you know ? 
  nos is generally not biased because they are funded by the government and do not need to spout political opinions to make a profit . 
  they are probably still pro-netherlands though . 
  yeah , really weird how most dutch speakers can understand old english better than modern english speakers . 
  i guess that they were more similar in the past , but modern english kind of drifted away . 
  but in many western countries , church and state used to be intertwined just like sharia law is in other countries today . 
  so it is not like religion has to be a problem , christianity used to be the same big thing in many western countries but all those are secular now . 
  the islamic countries are just behind by two hundred years or so . 
  ( and even then , countries like oman or indonesia also have a seperated law , and they are primarily muslim . ), 
  so do n't lose hope , it will take time but islam can certainly integrate ( or rather , the people following it can , just like the in the past strongly religious western civilians are now more secular ) . 
  christianity and judaism eventually did not have to be at odds with secularism , and islam wo n't have to be either . 
  this dude is spouting a bunch of bollocks about gay rights , and may or may not be a troll . 
  let 's not indulge the sod . 
  i guess ... the way we deal with certain groups of people causing crime or unrest ( whether it is poor people , certain groups of immigrants , etc ) . 
  the knee-jerk reaction of the public seems to be ` haha let 's throw them out of the country ' , while social programs targeting the thing causing these groups to cause problems hardly seem to be considered . 
  i feel several countries are dealing with problems like this , but the reaction is always hostility or an us vs. them mentality , while the cause for certain behaviour is hardly ever resolved . 
  idk if i 'm making any sense . 
  for the past few years , mine has been [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x4wtadr.jpg ) , which is when i still lived in oman , but then i moved this holiday so i do n't really have a house right now . 
  i loved that waterfall mostly because there are permanent rainbows over it due to the spray hanging in the air . 
  that 's quite interesting , i never knew that the frisian kingdom expanded into germany . 
  is there still a community of frisian speakers there ( and do you speak it ) ? 
  you could perhaps request an east frisian flag !, 
  i do n't know if the flag is still in use today , but there certainly was one at some point so just message the mods and they might get you one . 
  it is how i got the oman flair on r/polandball , so it may work here too . 
  but if it does n't , the pompebl\u00e2den of west frisia are nice to look at also , 
  this may be a bit unrelated , but : so , are you from frisl\u00e2n or did you just like the little hearts on their flag ? 
  it 's a 32 pages infographic , and graphic artists are not usually trained at double-checking their captions , 
  i 'm not surprised that there is a typo in there . 
  btw , if you care to know , pig = varken and chicken = kip in dutch , 
  mandarin has a similar sound ? 
  that 's pretty cool , do you have some audio examples ? 
  i do n't speak mandarin but when listening to it i 've never noticed a sound like the j in spanish , the g in dutch or the arabic \u062e, 
  i cycle to the neighbouring town - about 15 minutes . 
  takes less time in the morning because there wo n't be a headwind , and i 'm always late which is definitely a motivator to cycle quickly . 
  first i thought this was obvious sarcasm/satire , then i read your other comments . 
  oh , my dear [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ) . 
  the first two years are sort of kindergarten , which is also counted as primary school here . 
  what is considered primary school in some other countries starts at age 6/7 with groep 3 here . 
  so unless romania does n't have something like kindergarten , the difference should n't be that big . 
  * ik heb een zachte g , maar ook een harde l * no but it just means the d is barely pronounced , you sort of have to swallow it . 
  you 're right , but think of turtles . 
  they have what is usually described as a bek , or beak in english .
