sure , i 'll give them that too . 
  one of the few things this government has done that i can support totally . 
  actually there is a small degree of truth to this , there is a strong pro-eurasian streak to the fn in france . 
  very true . 
  their meps are : pablo iglesias , who is a uni lecturer in political science teresa rodr\u00edguez , a teacher carlos jim\u00e9nez villarejo , a former anti-corruption public prosecutor lola s\u00e1nchez , unemployed pablo echenique , a scientist so no , not really . 
  at least not by the standards of most politicians , especially not by american standards . 
  there was a time when uk politicians changed coinage as a way of trying to socially engineer pro-eu sentiment , that time is then and now ... 
  you enjoy barroso 's bullying of scottish nationalists then ? 
  no no , you have it all wrong . 
  according to this sub all of the greeks are contrite for being lazy subhumans and are eternally grateful to merkel ( peace be upon her ) and german banks ( peace be upon them ) for rescuing them from their own inherent sinfulness . 
  remember , we are in r/europe , this is the party line for this particular morality play . 
  good luck to syriza , iu , the front de gauche and all those fighting for a europe of the many and not the dystopian authoritarian nightmare which privileges the few as favoured daily on this subreddit . 
  do n't worry about it , these fanatics are the ones who are alone in the real world which is why they are so vicious on here . 
  the politics free neo-mccarthyism on this sub is getting tiresome, 
  you are of course right , but the attitude of this sub is to support unelected eu bureaucrats whether they are right or wrong . 
  the eu bureaucrats have decided that putin is hitler and they are following the party line . 
  i 'm not ukip and an acknowledgement of the undemocratic nature of the eu is n't a right-wing position , you can take your slurs and shove them http://www.european-left.org/positions/news-archive/alexis-tsipras-speech-die-linke-party-congress-berlin-germany as far as democratic deficit goes , well the uk has one too in case you had n't noticed . 
  so enjoy your secret ` free trade ' treaties ( secret to us , not lobbyists , corporations and heads of state ) , multiple referendums till the right answer comes back , weaponisation of the imf against peripheral member states and totally illegitimate and unelected executive . 
  does n't matter , this is n't a democratic measure and the eu is n't a democracy . 
  thanks , brussels . 
  i was always on to a loser in / r/europe with criticism of unelected rulers , 
  sure , there are plenty of examples of authoritarian governments far similar to putin than the nazis . 
  the second polish republic would be a good example , present day belarus or china ... maybe spain under primo de rivera . 
  all bad and imperfect but better comparisons . 
  royalist nonsense . 
  here 's some actual figures source : http://republic.org.uk/sites/default/files/valueformoneymyth.pdf the estimated total annual cost of the monarchy to taxpayers is # 202.4 m , around five times the official figure published by the royal household . 
  the official figure excludes a number of costs , including round-the-clock security , lavish royal visits and lost revenue from the duchies of lancaster and cornwall . 
  civil list expenditure has increased by 94 per cent in real terms over the last two decades . 
  # 202.4 m is equivalent to 9,560 nurses , 8,200 police officers and more than the total annual ministry of defence spending on food . 
  the total cost is also equivalent to a number of high profile government cuts , including cuts to the sure start programme . 
  the british monarchy is 112 times as expensive as the irish president and more than twice as expensive as the french semi-presidential system . 
  britain 's royal family is the most expensive in europe at more than double the cost of the dutch monarchy . 
  taxpayers are kept in the dark about the exact cost of the monarchy , due to the royal household 's exemption from the freedom of information act and widespread misunderstanding about the nature of the royal family 's finances . 
  ... also i reckon that if we got rid of them then we 'd get more royal related tourism - in the short term people would want to see where the people we 'd gotten rid of lived , and they 'd have full tourist access to it all year round . 
  people still visit versailles . 
  rt is right , if the nazis had won no doubt we 'd have ended up with a vichy-style government led by our dear house of saxe-coburg-gotha . 
  it 's deeply embarrassing that the uk still has a monarchy and prince charles is one of the worse manifestations of the problem which thomas paine identified , having a hereditary head of state makes about as much sense as a hereditary mathematician or lawyer . 
  i 'm quite happy for prince charles to spend his time pottering about talking to trees and coming up with mad malthusian ideas about population control but he should do it on his own time and not at our collective expense . 
  btw , why ca n't these intellectual ( and moral ) pygmies come up with any other points of reference other than ww2 and the nazis . 
  i know that , even with privileges and resources unthinkable to all but a very few of us , prince charles barely scraped a 2:2 at uni but surely there is someone he can pay to come up with something a bit better ? 
  section 28 was n't really all that unique and neither is russia 's law , that 's the point i was making . 
  probably fascist paramilitaries . 
  any evidence of this ? 
  frankly putin 's law seems inspired by britain 's own section 28 . 
  depends on who you are talking about , speaking for myself i romanticise neither . 
  i do n't think that the average person in my country spends very much time thinking about the baltic states . 
  you are a bigot , this is really stupid . 
  no one is going to ` turn gay ' because of a fairy tale , though an introduction to more tolerant attitudes at a young age might stop kids from coming out with noxious knownothing idiocy like this . 
  lets see how much interest this story gets here , usually this sub is actually uninterested in gay rights unless they can be weaponised against perceived ` enemies ' of the eu . 
  probably because the whole thing is a sham that no one pays attention to . 
  has this sub really stooped so low as to deny the role of the neo-nazi right sector in the massacre of ethnic russians at the odessa trade union building ? 
  i had n't looked at it in a few weeks , i did n't think it could fall much further . 
  wow . 
  nasty little reminders of very basic and very recent history are unpopular here . 
  fabada asturiana from spain though pizza is always tasty , 
  that 's a completely different thing , a better comparison might be if germany had a law regarding who was responsible for ww1 or something . 
  this is just press censorship . 
  well the eu told the democratically elected government of ukraine not to use force against the liberal-fascist coalition of rioters , so what 's the difference here ? 
  oh , i forgot , when brussels does it then it 's alright but when moscow does it then it 's basically hitler . 
  well i just took a glance at it but for a start i 'm confused why you only attributed anti-semitism to one of the parties when it applies to all of them . 
  what 's good for the goose is good for the gander, 
  nah , austerity in britain has coincided with tax cuts for the rich . 
  what about elsewhere ? 
  hmm ... http://liberalconspiracy.org/2012/10/15/as-austerity-bites-for-the-poor-spains-super-rich-get-richer/ http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite1_1_05/05/2013_497346 http://revolting-europe.com/2013/03/10/filthy-rich-europeans-richer-than-ever/, 
  a lot of people who were rich pre-crisis have found a lot of ways of using ` austerity ' to become even richer afterwards , at the expense of the taxpayers of europe . 
  what a ridiculous false dichotomy . 
  judging by recent opinion polling for the eu elections , the massive support that syriza is getting demonstrates that there is a huge amount of support for the repudiation or at the very least renegotiation of the debt . 
  is greece a functioning democracy ? 
  how can the people vote against the market ? 
  how do you know `` eating the rich '' is not the solution ? 
  we have tried austerity for years in multiple countries and we get the same poor results for the majority of the people while continuing the enrich the minority . 
  maybe we can try your idea of eating the rich for once . 
  ironically , you are the one who is simplifying a complex situation with your morality play nonsense . 
  in order to uphold the myth of the eu we all need to believe that they are feckless , lazy and that everything being inflicted upon them is the consequence of their own actions rather than them bearing the brunt of the behaviour of the political class . 
  if we did n't then the whole european project would collapse . 
  we 'll be comparing blair to hitler next then i assume . 
  not a proper one . 
  no surprise on the closeness between golden dawn and the government since until recently they were used as an auxiliary force of the state . 
  sounds remarkably like the sort of behaviour that the eu was happy to reward in ukraine . 
  i agree , time to break up nato . 
  this is all being done by a nato member , compare the coverage to what russia receives for this stuff ... 
  better, 
  russian homophobia gets putin compared to hitler , in reality a more accurate comparison might be the loathsome [ margaret thatcher ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/section_28 ) . 
  ukrainian homophobia , though ? 
  no problem !, 
  the npd are legal , there have been several attempts to make them illegal but none have been taken to their conclusion . 
  svoboda has become acceptable for the purposes of western geopolitics , it was n't considered acceptable prior to this crisis . 
  svoboda and right sector are different , the latter is more activist and the former is both activist and electoralist . 
  https://www.academia.edu/2481420/_the_return_of_the_ukrainian_far_right_the_case_of_vo_svoboda_in_ruth_wodak_and_john_e._richardson_eds._analyzing_fascist_discourse_european_fascism_in_talk_and_text_london_and_new_york_routledge_2013_228-255 is a good article on the recent history of ukrainian fascism which explains quite well how complicit right-wing liberals in that country are . 
  armed paramilitaries bring down a government and get influence disproportionate to the democratic will of the people of that country . 
  that 's a coup . 
  yes , it 's called a coup . 
  until recently ? 
  svoboda still do . 
  not unlike al-qaeda in syria . 
  people here seriously have the memory of goldfish . 
  not really , some extremist ulster unionists have flirted with neo-nazi mainland groups at times but they are much more established on the mainland than they are in northern ireland . 
  street movements are a bit less niche there . 
  i suspect it was just supposed to be a whataboutist . 
  dig at me under the assumption that i 'm some sort of patriotic brit or something .
