  shame for him that i 'm a lot more sympathetic to irish republicanism than i am the british government . 
  svoboda did poll very badly in the last election , yet they control so many ministries in the ukrainian government . 
  stormfront is leaking again, 
  it 's a bit late for buyers ' remorse now , turchynov . 
  spot on . 
  everyone on here loves to point out the faults of russia and serbia but when it 's the eu everything is cool . 
  so much for freedom of movement . 
  poorer countries have to accept freedom of capital but when the consequences of freedom of capital mean migration all sense of european ` brotherhood ' goes out the window . 
  / r/europe is pretty pro-white power at the moment what with all the nice things being said about svoboda on here, 
   the one thing they ( putin/fsb ) do n't understand that in europe people hate this kinda surveillance and shit and are capable to see through that . 
  russia is making itself looking much more dirty than nsa . 
   this is hilarious . 
  gchq is worse than the nsa . 
  the outcry about the nsa was also pretty significant in the us while the even worse gchq surveillance has gone uncontested here . 
  open xenophobia is now being upvoted in r/europe . 
  well , it 's not the first time . 
  oleksandr sych - vice prime minister andriy mokhnyk - minister of ecology ihor shvayka - minister of agriculture ihor tenyukh - minister of defence oleh makhnitsky - general prosecutor, 
  how quickly the social facade of the eu is falling away . 
  svoboda do control 1/4th of the ministries in the government . 
  right sector and svoboda are rivals . 
  one less nazi . 
  why are they still there anyway ? 
  i can only conclude that the new kiev ` government ' wants some martyrs . 
  well that explains most of the absolutely terrible articles about venezuela and the constant nonsense from llosa . 
  el pa\u00eds is n't really pro-government or pro this government anyway , it 's centrist , pro-psoe but neoliberal . 
  everyone should take responsibility of course ( except for the banks ), 
  yeah , this march is huge too . 
  el pa\u00eds is reporting about a million people . 
  maybe if they had white power tattoos and railed against the russians we could get william hague to call for some restraint on what looks like the start of some serious police repression of the protest . 
  pro-eu liberals seem to have adopted cold war american-style russophobia wholesale over the past couple of years . 
  austerity is killing huge numbers of young people in both ireland and portugal so that taxpayers can pay for the bankers ' crisis . 
  thanks brussels . 
  shhh , here we talk about the russian economy and ignore the much worse economies of spain , portugal and greece . 
  we bemoan russian homophobia but turn a blind eye to the even worse homophobia in poland . 
  pro-eu corrupt oligarchs in ukraine get a pass while we look on in disgust at the excess of pro-russian corrupt oligarchs !, 
  we call putin hitler but call the actual fascists in the kiev government right-wing democrats . 
  are n't eu federalists wonderful . 
  i do n't think it 's whataboutism , i 'm in favour of dismantling all of europe 's oligarchies and expropriating their property . 
  rather than targeting certain nationalities or ethnic groups we should be doing it on the basis of anti-corruption and work towards social equality . 
  there 's no point disadvantaging some corrupt oligarchs or politicians and favouring others . 
  relegate their language to second class status . 
  they even got told off by the un for it http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/legal-information-cente-for-human-rights-and-latvian-human-rights-committee-presentation.pdf un committee on the elimination of racial discrimination recommendation to estonia - to adopt a non-punitive approach to the promotion of the official language and revisit the role of the language inspectorate and the implementation of the 2008 regulation on requirements for estonian language proficiency, 
  anyone care to compare the russian unemployment rate to that of greece , spain or portugal ? 
  awful , but how much have pro-eu oligarchs like tymoshenko looted ? 
  it would be great if this was about going after oligarchs who have looted ukraine , but it 's just about pursuing * some of * the corrupt oligarchs because they are pro-russian rather than pro-eu . 
  now estonians do the same to russians . 
  congratulations , you 're defending discrimination on the basis that the * ussr * did it too . 
  the russian population of estonia is 24 % , the fact that there is no official provision for russian is ridiculous . 
  in civilised european countries like spain , britain or ireland the languages of much smaller minorities are official and receive state funding and are official . 
  estonia and other eastern european countries are in violation of eu law in regards to language policy but thanks to the now prevailing russophobia which equates all russian speaking populations with the russian government these violations will continue . 
  it 's unbelievable to see ` liberals ' who would be rightly decry this nasty xenophobia in their own country quite happily applaud it in the baltic . 
  you seriously believe that people who honour and hero worship the waffen ss are n't neo-nazis ? 
  if that 's the case , there is nothing that can convince you . 
  eurasianism is about as vile as the ideology of the neo-nazis which currently control a quarter of the new ukrainian government 's ministries . 
  the truth is that they did n't get many votes , these ministries were won by violence not elections . 
  hilarious that you accuse others of being like fox news or gobbels ( ironic considering you are defending a neo-nazi ) but your response to people who dare to question the role of neo-nazi in ukraine is to accuse them to being propagandists for russia . 
  unlike you , a lot of people actually care about homophobia and bigotry and whether we defend it or attack it is n't dependent on who the bigot or homophobe is . 
  fuck putin but fuck svoboda too . 
  there might be one or two , sure , there were jews in mussolini 's fascist party . 
  http://www.miamiherald.com/2014/03/15/3997076/leader-of-ukraines-right-sector.html definitely not neo-nazis . 
  svoboda supporters and useful liberal idiots here no doubt will be here shortly to explain how the neo-nazi acting like a neo-nazi is n't a neo-nazi . 
  not exactly the first example of svoboda and right sector attacks is it ? 
  they are sorry that it got any traction outside of ukraine , not sorry that it happened . 
  this stuff is happening every day in ukraine . 
  if i were a member of a party which used neo-nazi symbols and proposed neo-nazi policies then i would be a neo-nazi . 
  that 's the difference between me and any member of svoboda . 
  http://rt.com/files/opinionpost/21/91/90/00/svoboda-party-2.jpg http://politicaloutcast.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/ukraine-right-wing.jpg http://7lameslamer.net/local/cache-vignettes/l550xh367/svoboda_3-04357.jpg http://diaryofdaedalus.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/svoboda-party-nazi2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/ybvqkv7.jpg http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2013/08/ukraine-nazi-commande_horo-2-e1375357094807.jpg, 
  http://www.dailystormer.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/ukraine-nationalism.jpg very diverse much democracy so multicultural wow, 
  i 'm sure that their fellow neo-nazi svoboda comrade general prosecutor will be very harsh with them, 
  http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2014/03/18/yes_there_are_bad_guys_in_the_ukrainian_government svoboda , a neo-nazi party , hold a quarter of ministries . 
  right sector , who are to the right of svoboda , also hold government posts . 
  svoboda and right sector activists have been integrated into the police and army and are able , as the original link shows , to act with impunity on the streets . 
  the downvoting of articles pointing out the obvious problems with neo-nazis spearheading euromaiden was worse during the actual protests and immediately after the establishment of the liberal-fascist coalition government . 
  it seems to be easing off a bit now that the propaganda machine has turned towards putin rather than the ex-ukrainian government . 
  a lot of the protesters , particularly those who were leading the charge were not protesting for the eu or democracy , they were protesting for fascism and they have gotten what they wanted . 
  want a change ? 
  these are the leaders of that ` change ' , they are the new government . 
  who ? 
  the mps ? 
  fascists are running several ministries of the government and law and order ... why would they be arrested ? 
  [ they filmed the attack and posted it online themselves ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/19/ukrainian-mp-assaults-television-chief-pro-russian-miroshnichenko-panteleymonov ) , they know that they can act with absolute impunity . 
  this stuff has been going on since the start of euromaidan and unsurprisingly has continued after fascists appointed several ministries , this attack has just gotten a bit more publicity . 
  this is in foreign policy . 
  wow . 
  this is the pro-war establishment journal , the writer is in the henry jackson society . 
  wow . 
  earth to fucking r/europe, 
  do n't let facts get in the way of scaremongering russophobia . 
  before euromaidan there were no fascists in control of any ministries , now they are control five including forces of law and order , education and the deputy pm . 
  a whole lot has changed . 
  strawman nonsense . 
  if people are worried about this , and there is good reason to be because it is a worrying development , then they should also be very concerned about the composition of the new ukrainian government . 
  the french national front and the austrian freedom party were part of the same political grouping , the alliance of european national movements , as svoboda which controls four ministries in the new government and were disproportionately represented in euromaidan . 
  they have since left to join a slightly less extreme far-right grouping in the eu while svoboda remains in the more extreme grouping with jobbik and the bnp , the former is also attending the crimea referendum as an observer . 
  if people are n't worried by both then clearly they do n't actually give a shit about the rise of the far-right , they just want to cry out about pro-russian fascists while defending fascists who nato sees as allies . 
  edit : according to this source they were invited by the eurasian observatory for democracy and elections rather than directly by the russian government . 
  just like in britain, 
  no shit, 
  shh , you 're ruining the eu federalist delusion that eu federalism is a solution to the worst aspects of capitalism rather than a club of capitalists . 
  far-right protesters are shooting journalists http://rt.com/news/rt-crew-kiev-maidan-898/,
