and that one subbed showing on a thursday at 11pm, 
  but the numbers regarding crime committed by refugees are n't catastrophical . 
  according to the bundeskriminalstatistik they are not more likely to commit sexual crimes ( straftaten gegen die sexuelle selbstbestimmung ) and crimes against life ( straftaten gegen das leben ) , which are the two most talked about criminal topics . 
  ahh you need to see those numbers in perspective though . 
  i recently read the 2016 crime report ( polizeiliche kriminalstatistik , the official statistics ) and while yes there was an increase in reported crime among `` ausl\u00e4nder '' there are a few key points to consider : - crime is going to go up when more people of the considered social group are present . 
  people commit crimes . 
  if you have an increase as high as germany had your total numbers are going to go up regardless . 
  - as someone else in the thread pointed out : refugees and asylum seekers live in prime condition to further crime . 
  isolated from most common social groups ( i.e. 
  housed together/separate from the main population ) , in relatively poor circumstances , insecure job and life perspective , etc etc. 
  it 's the job of the state to better that situation , not just for refugees/asylum seekers but for all low income/marginalized groups . 
  - most crimes committed by refugees and asylum seekers is minor stuff like `` bef\u00f6rderungserschleichung '' which means not having a ticket for the bus or train . 
  also : ladendiebstahl , which is basically shoplifting and usually under 250 $ . 
  shoplifting makes up for 64 % of criminal theft among immigrants . 
  - a good chunk of the violent crimes committed by refugees & asylum seekers happens around the reception centres and collective housing . 
  which makes sense , if you throw together a bunch of ethnically and religiously different people who speak different languages , have a history of conflict and are probably stressed out by their situation anyway , you basically incite escalation . 
  not to say this is n't a problem that should be taken care off , but it 's more a symptom of the fact that germany was seriously underprepared for the amount of refugees we had . 
  which , imho , is not the fault of the refugees . 
  the german government knew of their situation for years and had adequate time to prepare , but they did n't . 
  - along the same lines : 2/3rd of all cases of crimes against life ( ~ 310 cases ) committed by migrants/refugees were committed against other migrants/refugees . 
  which of course , is still horrible . 
  but it disproves the `` foreign men coming to kill and rape us '' narrative and points into a more diverse set of motivations . 
  again , a lot of these happened in high-stress environments ( because that 's what those living situations are ) . 
  and the most important one imho : according to the german police migrants/asylum seekers/refugees are * not more likely * to committ sexual crimes or crimes against life :  die deliktische verteilung dieser straftaten \u00e4hnelte der deliktischen verteilung der im jahr 2016 aufgekl\u00e4rten straftaten ohne zuwanderer . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/china/comments/6rthc2/chinese_tourist_shows_hitler_salute_in_germany_in/dl8knys/ ) is a more extensive write up i did in a comment a few days ago since i do n't have the time to write it down again right now . 
  i think we need to be careful to look at the background of the committed crimes in a sociological context and also put numbers into relation . 
  we ca n't ignore the situation these people are in , of course , and we also need to make sure that criminal offences are being processed by the correct authorities in a proper manner . 
  but still , we need to be careful how we view the numbers since the topic is such an important one . 
  tbh i never really thought about former german colonies since there are n't a lot and iirc they were n't under german rule for a long time but i just checked out of curiosity and apparently the only one our government still has a relationship with is namibia . 
  they have advisors from the bundeswehr for their army and they receive more development aid than any other african country . 
  there 's apparently a bit of drama right now surrounding possible compensation for a genocide on two ethnic groups in namibia , but at least germany seems willing to admit to it and negotiate , which i think sounds reasonable . 
  and thanks for the link , i had n't seen that version yet . 
  we have a functioning cigarette one right outside our house and i live in a rural 900 people village . 
  foot traffic there on sundays is quite significant . 
  i interviewed two refugees ( one syrian , one kurdish ) in an in-depth interview for a university research project . 
  the focus was on refugees and their experience studying at german unversities , which also led us to talk about broader topics like learning german , their experiences in trying to integrate into a new society but also their way too germany and their homeland . 
  we had 12 interviews in total in my group and did a lot of sharing our thoughts afterwards so this is not only my personal experience . 
  first , on a personal level it was really humanizing to actually meet someone who is a refugee . 
  it puts things into perspective when you have an actual human with a name and a story in front of you who tells you about their personaol experiences . 
  especially when they 're basically your age . 
  my two interview partners were incredibly nice , open and eager to talk about their experiences here in germany . 
  they often expressed how thankful they were for the learning opportunities given , even when they were critizing aspects of it ( like too fast/too slow courses , teachers who were not trained for teaching german to non-native speakers , unclear organization , etc ) . 
  they always made sure to either highlight positive aspects of whatever they were criticizing or in other ways relativise it . 
  one of them talked about living in a refugee camp even up until he started uni and i personally was pretty appalled at the living situation he described , but he kept saying that he was just thankful that germany was helping them at all . 
  this is not to say they were completely brushing off every problem , but they definetly seemed to use `` well it could be worse '' and humour as coping mechanisms almost . 
  they also made sure to talk about understanding problems like bad organization in the language courses etc. 
  due to the sheer number of refugees who came here and the short time frame many organizations had to prepare . 
  overall they seemed really willing to understand the `` other side '' , even when it came to discriminatory experiences which i found really impressive . 
  i do n't know if i could be that logical or forgiving in a situation like that , so it really put things into perspective for me . 
  however , thankfully they also made sure to point out problems they were having , like the one guy i interviewed was a bit annoyed by the regulations at his new living space or had really bad experiences at official offices etc where people refused to talk english with them or even try to somehow communicate . 
  i think they were grateful for having a specific outlet to point out stuff they were having problems with in an interview that asked for it . 
  i was honestly also impressed by their willingless and eagerness to learn . 
  i was expecting them to want to learn german , of course , since both of them basically could n't use/finish their degrees beforehand , but i was surprised at how this expanded to culture too . 
  both of them , as well as basically all the other interview parters , stated missing contact to people living here as their main concern or problem . 
  they want to learn more about how things work here , they want friends here , they want to speak german . 
  but since making friends is n't the easiest thing here they were in a bit of a dilemma there ( both of them funnily enough mentioned that no one speaks with each other on the train here ) . 
  now a year later one of my group members now works with one of my interview partners and i was really happy when she told me that he told her that he 'd finally settled in better , found a connection point and managed to befriend people who have been living here for a while . 
  it definetly made me even more aware of the fact that we ca n't just expect refugees to magically `` integrate '' into our country but that we have to give them opportunities to actually make connections . 
  also : the way they talked about their live at home really had me a bit shaken . 
  having someone just easily tell you about bombs and destruction is quite harrowing . 
  so yeah tl ; dr is : super nice people , very open and willing to talk about both good and bad experiences , super intense will to learn and settle in , really great experience and growing opportunity for me . 
  also you know i propably run across a few each day on the train or in the city or at uni and my grandma was a refugee post wwii when she settled where we live now . 
  i live in a super old timber framed house , like basically half of the people in my region . 
  [ this ] ( https://odis.homeaway.com/odis/listing/c3f26db9-8a54-4c50-8d7a-c6aac6de0064.c10.jpg ) is an old picture of a street nearby , they look pretty much all the same . 
  the houses are super close together but the properties extend to the back with a garden and often a small old barn ( or big , kind of depends on the property . 
  ours is a now broken up into three parts farm , we got the big barn ) . 
  huh , you learn something new every day . 
  huh , i 'm not surprised at tennis or shooting ( especially considering rural shooting clubs that are basically . . not focussed on the shooting , let 's say ) but i never would have guessed gymnastics . 
  iirc it was created by the `` zentralverband des deutschen b\u00e4ckerhandwerks '' / `` central organisation for the german baker 's craft '' . 
  they do a lot of stuff ( union work , youth support , etc ) but the bread register was meant both as a way to preserve and honor the variety of hand crafted bread and also to support the recognition of `` german bread culture '' as an intangible cultural heritage . 
  yup yup , this is pretty on point at least for northern germany . 
  that village center is already pretty big tho , looks like some sort of touristy village . 
  where i 'm from which is pretty rural it 's more like [ this ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/6391827.jpg ) , which is still the center of the village . 
  but the `` cultural '' center for gathering etc will be the fire brigade , sch\u00fctzenhaus or local sports club house which might have a corresponding outside area for village parties etc. 
  that outskirts picture is earily spot on though , i had to check if that was my home town for a second . 
   4 - is not passed wait my school time was a few years ago but 4 - was a passing grade for me ( lower saxony if that 's a difference ) . 
  5 + 6 was failed , anything from 1 to 4 - was a pass . 
  actually i think that might just be a bundesland thing because you also mentioned 2 advanced classes for the abitur and we have 3 . 
  bless the german school system and it 's weird differences . 
   female university students ( who study sociology or `` something with media '' ) that 's kind of funny to me as a female sociology student because our german gr\u00fcne are not exactly well liked among my faculty . 
  it 's an indirect vote , if we want to be technical . 
  the german president gets elected by the `` bundeversammlung '' ( federal assembly ) , which consists of all the members of the bundestag ( our parliament , which is like semi-directly voted by the population ) and an equal number of people send by the state parliaments representative of their population . 
  the state parliament does n't have to send their own members though , they can basically send anyone . 
  they usually send a lot of politicians ( you want to be alligned with the party , after all , to get as many votes for your preferred candidate as possible ) but there 's always the odd celebrity or so around . 
  results in nice pictures though like [ this one ] ( https://www.bundesregierung.de/content/de/artikel/2017/02/bilder/2017-02-12-merkel-prominente-wahl.jpg?__blob=poster&amp;v=1 ) of angela merkel , jogi l\u00f6w our national football team trainer & olivia jones a really popular drag-queen . 
  there 's also sometimes other cases . 
  the 2017 election also included the daughter of the first nsu murder victim . 
  no one really cares though , tbh . 
  our president has basically zero actual political power , most of it comes down to representation . 
   in switzerland they stop giving you unemployment benefits if you ca n't find a job within a certain amount of time ( 12 months i think ) really ?? 
  even if you can attest to the fact that you tried to find a job ? 
  we learned about him in english class a few times when we covered history ( i 'm from germany ) . 
  though tbh no one really cared enough to form any sort of opinion apart from ` you must really piss some people off if they dig your body back up just to kill you again ', 
  off topic , i know but i 've always wondered why unions are n't really a thing in the us . 
  this is so nice , though . 
  i occasionally find weird or uncommon ( to me ) coins just in my wallet and i remember having one of those collection books back when the euro was introduced to collect the entire range from each country . 
  though to be honest you can expect some backlash . 
  i 'm from germany and there 's a pack of wolves living on the near-by former uk now german military training base which includes a huge chunk of forest . 
  we had the odd wolf who wandered too close to towns and killed a few sheep and believe me the outrage was massive . 
  so i think the problem is less incorporating the wolves into nature but more having the people come to terms with having wolves close by .
