  we crown the blueberry queen two weeks from now , so i 'd say yes . 
  do you guys do martinssingen/sankt-martin ? 
  it 's still popular-ish where i live ( lower saxony ) which i think is one of the reasons why halloween at least the trick and treat part never really took off here for now . 
  dinner for one is popular in finnland too ?? 
  that 's so cool . 
  do you also have the one dude who explains it in your language before hand or is that just a weird german thing ? 
  adding to that at least in parts of northern germany berliner/krapfen/pfannkuchen are popular . 
  some backeries will offer more flavours than usual and if you 're real adventurous you hide one filled with mustard in the batch and pray you wo n't be the one to get that, 
  hannover a few weeks ago . 
  i had friends who came over for the day , it 's crazy to think that there 's probably a shit ton more bombs underneath the ground . 
   `` go out and play in the park or something ( and be noisy around there ) '' was a natural thing to me since somewhen in the kindergarten this seems really familiar tbh . 
  and yeah i think that it depends a lot on the `` strategy '' / opinion of the parents and children but i do think it 's interesting that there seem to be general directions within certain countries . 
  though the selection bias is strong already and the sample size tiny , but still . 
  yes i know , i watched the live stream both days . 
  and i live close to hamburg , so believe me it 's being talked about . 
  but i was wondering how you think the police failed or what the state should have done differently . 
  you ca n't forbid these people to come , and the tactics they used for the rioting were aimed to spread the ( already exhausted ) police thin . 
  and the police did as well as they could . 
  the shops were already up and running the next day according to locals so the clean up crews worked fast . 
  the only error i see is chiding hamburg , a city known for having a few hot spots of extreme left ideologies ( rote zora , for example . 
  not that i think that everyone rioting reads das kapital in their free time , large chunks of the schwarze block are pretty apolitical ) instead of another city . 
  but even then most of these people seemed to have gone there specifically . 
  edit for your other comment : no antifa is n't cleaning that up . 
  important to note though that most rioters never openly affiliated with them but with the schwarze block . 
  not saying there were n't any antifa ppl in there , but still i 'm wondering where you got that from . 
  so yes the state is going to pay for that ( should be national level not state actually , since hamburg is a city state ) . 
  and that sucks . 
  but that 's within the tasks of the state and it 's going to make up a smidgen of the budget . 
  g20 itself will be the expensive thing there . 
  but i still do n't see how the peace should have been miracoulously defended here . 
  people rioted , they were taken care of as best as possible , and it 's already been said that damaged property will be compensated for in some way . 
  and if you look at german media right now almost no one is blaming the police or politics ? 
  people are angry at the rioters . 
  how would you say are they not protecting it right now ? 
  i 'm from an even smaller village ( 900ish people ) but most of this seems pretty reasonable to me . 
  would be curious to hear from someone from a big city , especially regarding public transit and stuff like that which we just do n't really have available here apart from the bus that also goes to the school . 
  though i do remember taking the train to the nearest big city which is a 30ish minute ride pretty early on with a bunch of friends . 
  that also includes shopping etc alone , i 'd say when we were around 12ish ? 
  general freedom of movement again i think is different on the country side . 
  i grew up on the `` main road '' so i knew about road safety pretty early . 
  as soon as i got that i was allowed to run around in the afternoon with the other kids from the neighbourhood . 
  no one really cared whether we were in a friend 's garden or just walking around town or exploring . 
  came here to say albrechts , but along a similar line are the krupps known ? 
  at least historically . 
  i visited their former residence villa h\u00fcgel ages ago and it was really impressive ngl, 
  there 's also healthcare triage 's video on it !, 
  a bit more indepth ( 7:30 ) by an actual doctor , though it 's also part of the green brothers company . 
  a bit out of date since it 's from 2014 , but they also have videos on other countries . 
  he 's part of the commission for culture and education and of the delegation for relations to the korean peninsular , apparently . 
  his speeches are still quite fun though :  dear mr president of ireland , if you still believe that apple will create some jobs in ireland , forget it . 
  apple only ever had one jobs , but he is dead . 
  he will not come back , so please take my advice : take the money and run . 
  eur 13 billion will buy you many iphones . 
  this will generate more tax income for ireland , then you can buy even more iphones . 
  it is a win-win-win situation . 
  think it over with a good bottle of whiskey - sl\u00e1inte . 
  because it zieht . 
  devil 's work . 
  ohh yeah i think a friend 's village uses their quite often too now that you mention it because they do n't have pagers and the phone tree can be unreliable . 
  but you definetly have my sympathies , ours is a few houses over and it still annoys the heck out of me . 
  also they do n't sound for any fire brigade incident . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's for big fires or incidents only , like house fires and things of a similar scale . 
  where i 'm from ( rural lower saxony ) pretty much every small village still has their sirens . 
  the fire brigades use them , especially in villages where they do n't have any specialized pagers . 
  a friend lives on the edge of her village and when something 's going on she can here three sirens from three different villages . 
  i wonder if the cities abolished them since they did n't need them for such `` small '' things ? 
  since i assume most of them have a professional fire brigade etc, 
  that 's pretty much germany too , tbh . 
  some people might fly one in their backyard or whatever , but it 's a minuscule number . 
  the second the world cup is on though ? 
  good luck finding something that is n't black/red/gold, 
  funnily enough it does n't happen on german beaches afaik ? 
  state/country/province is an important distinction , too . 
  state suggests federalism , which explains why they 're very keen to hold on to their independence when it comes to certain fields , like eductation . 
  * also since i just noticed : there 's a few big private schools , most importantly schloss salem . 
  that 's the only one people might now though , and they are very uncommon . 
  he always gets forgotten , poor dude . 
  i go to the university named after him , and i 'd guess that about 99 % of people there could n't tell you who it is . 
  ohhh idk where you 're from but there 's a few difference that i can report ( bless the federal state , i guess ) for variety . 
  in lower-saxony ( and some other places iirc ) they 're now scaling back to the old status quo and expanding it to 13 years again . 
  we also have 5 subjects that you get tested in during the abitur . 
  3 of them are on an advanced level , two are on a basic level with one of them being tested in an oral exam . 
  at the start of year 11 you have to chose a focus point , so for example languages , social science or science . 
  two of your advanced level courses will be from that focus . 
  then on top of that you need , as you said one of the other fields too . 
  it also is n't completely to your chosing since you have to arrange your time table in a way that fits and sometimes there 's restrictions on what courses you can take ? 
  for example i did a language focus , so i had german & english as two advanced courses , then politics as my third and biology as my oral exam . 
  i also had to take another language ( in my case spanish ) as a 4-hours-per-week course and that only left me with spanish or maths as my possible fifth abitur course since i had no other eligible 4 hour courses . 
  but it 's pretty free . 
  alo , if you fail a course or your abitur or if you just want to boost your final mark a bit you can do an additional oral exam in all the courses ( or however many you like ) shortly after you get your results . 
  * edit because i 've seen some other people mention times : most courses only take in new students for the winter semester , which starts around october . 
  the application usually starts around june , at which point that years students will have gotten their final grade . 
  it usually ends on the last day of july for any courses that have a restricted admission . 
  you might still get in via a `` nachr\u00fcckplatz '' , which is when people that got their acceptence before you declined their place . 
  if you 've been declined in the first round of admissions they send you a paper explaining on what place on the waiting list you are so you can adjust your planning . 
  if it 's an unrestricted course , you can pretty much sign up until the end of september ( idk if they guarantee you a spot , but i think they do ) . 
  also admission might be a bit different depending on your major . 
  mine 's sociology , and they add up your abitur grade ( 51 % ) with the grades you got in three courses directly in the abitur , in this case geman , english & either politics or another social science ( 15 % , 10 % and 24 % respectively ) . 
  other courses might pull in different marks additionally or require some sort extra thing . 
  art courses usually require a portfolio , for instance .
