  this is clich\u00e9 but as a mother i worry beyond past my own life and interests . 
  i am very pessimistic about the kind of life my children and their children will have and i think fn is the only way to dispell these fears . 
  we each have our own tribe and must look out for our own . 
  this is my opinion . 
  yes we ca n't have every thing we want . 
  in order to put an end to the failure of the french immigration plan the last 40 years we must elect a nationalist and more conservative party . 
  by electing a conservative party they may try to put through other conservative policies that we may not agree with . 
  like you said this is the real world not a bloody pixar movie . 
  oh well i support fn so i 'm happy he 's supporting fn . 
  i 'm pro gay marriage but think the issues fn will address is more important . 
  it 's a sacrifice i 'm willing to make but then again i 'm a straight woman so it does n't affect me at all . 
  that 's what my cousin says . 
  he 's more concerned with his safety than being able to get married . 
  he and many of his gay friends have been bashed by immigrant youths . 
  she has a strong gay support base so yes , she very well could be . 
  anecdotal but my gay cousin will support her no matter what . 
  marriage is not important to him . 
  third world immigration does wonders . 
  the chips become very soggy with the gravy . 
  i found poutine rather vile if i 'm being honest . . 
  felt like i was back in france when i visited here , montr\u00e9al too . 
  we like to make fun of the french-canadians but they have really retained the french/european way of life . 
  my dad has said this to my sister 's romanian ex boyfriend . 
  he meant it as a compliment ... my father is incredibly racist . 
  we french got really left out in the whole mutual intelligibility thing . 
  damn germanic people . 
  what the demographic changes so does the stereotype . 
  nice is beautiful and a very different side of france , as is my city of montpellier . 
  closer to paris though there is reims , amiens , rouen , orl\u00e9ans . 
  i 'm originally form bordeaux and would say that it is the most beautiful city in france but my point is that really almost every city , town and village is beautiful . 
  do n't waste a whole week in paris . 
  see the main sights and explore the country !, 
  chocolatine 4ever, 
  much like how parisians feel when they visit the south . 
  they can get a little rapey for women though . 
  just stick to the tourist areas and you 'll be fine . 
  you only need like 2 days tops to see the major attractions in paris . 
  i usually tell ppl to do a quick visit to paris and spend the rest of the trip in one of the less populated cities which are just as beautiful and historical and also safer and have more actual french ppl . 
  `` i repeat , these people are absolutely staying in the station of their own accord . 
  completely of their own decision , '' ivan miskovic , a spokesperson for serbia 's commissariate of refugees and migrants , told trt world . 
  `` we have been trying to promote to them the idea of going to a proper camp , [ and ] many have accepted . 
  but those still there , they refuse . '', 
  what ? 
  hardly anyone speaks german there anymore . 
  it will make for a bloody and constant security issue . 
  i appreciate that you admit that another attack will come because i do too . 
  at first i thought it was stupid to be scared of something that i have no control over , but to know that a terrorist attack once or twice a year is now most likely the norm is terrifying . 
  immigration from middle east and africa . 
  i live in vers pont du gard . 
  i bathe there daily . 
  i always get excited when i see another french person here , even when they 're yelling at me and cursing my name . 
  said the man living in the most homogenous country in europe . 
  yes you are european and probably in 100 years we western europeans will be fleeing to the east . 
  do n't listen to this jerk . 
  fn got more much modernized and less extreme . 
  who needs free speech anyway ? 
  fn will win one day so you might as well get on board now . 
  if you your political views do n't align with mine then you 're not allowed to speak hmmm . . wonder where we 've heard that before ? 
  it 's interesting . 
  in 2002 i was a young teen who could n't vote and shocked along with the nation that le pen made it into the second round . 
  now in 2017 i 'd be the happiest person in the world if she won the whole thing . 
  that would guarantee a fn win in 2022 . 
  a country is its people . 
  once we become the minority in our country it will no longer be a country for the ethnic germans or a country for the ethnic swedes etc. 
  in order to be inclusive we have to dilute our identity and culture and many of us simply do n't want that . 
  yes . 
  i grew up with them as a white girl . 
  of course there were some good ones , especially the more religious and meek girls but many of the boys were absolutely horrible . 
  once we white flight-ed out of there my brothers and sisters and myself 's school life increased dramatically . 
  this is not european news . 
  then pro-refugee and mass immigration supporters are responsible for the multiple deaths committed by the muslims . 
  the more religion gives in to modernity the less it substance it has . 
  she 'll win eventually . 
  they 're mostly americans who only had grandfathers fight in the war and never had family tell about the destruction the germans caused throughout europe . 
  i 'm very much a nationalist and not a liberal but i ca n't put up with that kind of bs . 
  more like a friendly hello . 
  i 'm not sure i can be called alt right as i spend most of time on there arguing with americans that the nazis were indeed evil . 
  people are tribal , get over it . 
  the myth of multiculturalism and feel-good liberal politics is over . 
  nationalism is rising . 
  we need to stick up for our own . 
  ethnicity may not be relevant to the young native europeans but i can tell you it means a great deal to the non-europeans immigrants here . 
  a country is its people . 
  this demographic change will dramatically affect what it means to be a european . 
  his mom is french . 
  i used to be obsessed with olivier minne . 
  hottest host ever . 
  classic french looks . 
  fn is far from extreme, 
  many of us dgaf about refugees any more though . 
  i 'm much more concerned about the population of my country remaining overwhelmingly indigenous and european . 
  wow apparently 50 + french women google a lot . 
  she really is a french treasure though , even if she is canadian . . 
  hahaha i meant `` lot '' !, 
  jerusalem is a beautiful song . 
  i wish you lot would make it the official anthem of england . 
  me too . 
  latin brothers unite !, 
  wtf is going on here ? 
  the majority of the victims were german nationals , mostly of german descent .
