  god it 's refreshing to see someone with an eu flair say something like that . 
  maybe there 's still some hope after all . 
  you spelt chocolatine wrong sir . 
  yes we know here that this is a huge day for france and a huge day for europe . 
  this election has been an intense time and with the american election it seems that the whole world has been caught up in the drama since early 2016 . 
  we 've been on a roller coaster for almost a year now and today is the day where it will all end for some time , at least for me . 
  we have a candidate here who has the potential to destroy france which is already in a fragile state . 
  with our massive youth unemployment , terrorist attacks , riots and civil unrest , many of us here in france have felt a heaviness in our society . 
  today could be the day where it all ends and like you said , this is the day that europe needs all french people to get out and vote to ensure that that one monster does not become president . 
  so today i will be doing my part to ensure the survival of my beautiful country by going out and voting for marine le pen !, 
  thank you so much for the reminder !, 
  lol i enjoy seeing foreigners hope and pray in despair for france , thinking that front national will bring on 5 years of evil and destruction . 
  have any of you lot been to some of our suburbs ? 
  have you seen the problems that mass non-european immigration has brought to france ? 
  marine le pen wants to stop these massive social issues while macron will do nothing . 
  he 'll bring in more immigrants and ignore the problem . 
  for me it seems that her speech writer is the shady and lazy one , not her . 
  it 's also that many poles simply want poland to remain polish ethnically and culturally . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  my only hope is that you will open up your doors to western european refugees if the time ever comes . 
  a bunch of french people standing around looking pissed off while smoking ... we 're such stereotypes . 
  give me his title and wealth and i 'll become the most caring , relatable , nicest person you 've ever met . 
  i have 7 sons too so the line would be secure . 
  there 's something about his head that just does n't seem right ... could be the size of it , the colour , the fact that it 's not rolling around on the floor , maybe it 's the shape ? 
  hmm ... 
  most french people her age were once smokers so it 's safe to say yes . 
  even many young people in france still smoke . 
  it 's horrible . 
  i 'm currently in early labour so perhaps i 'm a touch delusional but to me her not getting into the second round in 2012 and getting into the second round in 2017 is a big improvement . 
  i 'm comparing the fact that she did n't even make it to the second round in 2012 and that this poll shows her to win 40 % of the vote in the second round in 2017 . 
  how is that not comparable ? 
  it clearly shows an improvement ... 
  by the time marine steps down and marion takes her place , the state of france will be so miserable that people will flock to marion 's hardline message . 
  i support fn , am catholic and southern but do not like her stance on gays and some other things . 
  i 'd prefer marine 's message to win as it is more inclusive . 
  yes i agree . 
  i love her but she does not look 48 at well . 
  strange since frenchwomen are known for their nice skin too . 
  i 'll get downvoted for speaking as a fn supporter , but as a fn supporter i would still see marine getting 40 % of the vote as a victory of sorts . 
  for the fn to go from where it was in 2012 to 40 % would be a huge gain for us and is a very promising sign for the future . 
  * cries in french *, 
  i like how this bot is mostly used as a way to say `` i told you so '' . 
  yes you are correct . 
  the fifth column is building itself quite well here and i imagine some muslims in france see him as an enemy much like muslims in spain who think it is rightfully their country . 
  well we have a [ picture ] ( https://www.herodote.net/images/martelpoitiers.jpg ) of him in battle , not solely of him . 
  thank you  i come from a big family as does my husband so we always knew we wanted a big family . 
  i 've laid down the law to my husband and after this one i will not have anymore for a while . 
  i 'm only 32 so i still have time for a couple of more later on . 
  we live in the country with my in-laws in an old family home so this is how we are able to have many kids . 
  why would he be a polarizing figure ? 
  he saved france from islamic invasion . 
  we have a picture of him in our living room . 
  by most yes they are . 
  tell me how is le pen extreme or bigoted ? 
  give me some good reasons and i will cast my vote for fillon instead of her . 
  also the barbary pirates terrorized much of southern europe and even northern europe . 
  they captured europeans and sold us into slavery . 
  this act did n't stop until european military intervention which turned into colonization . 
  so it 's not like the north africans are entirely innocent . 
  pretty much every group of people have done horrible things to their neighbours . 
  i have a lot of in family paris and find myself jumping every time i hear of an attack . 
  we also have an apartment that we rent out to tourists . 
  right now there is no slow in bookings but it 's scary to think how this could affect us financially . 
  we rely heavily on the income from the apartment and if it slows down we will be in deep trouble with soon 7 children to feed . 
  it 's nothing compared to the risk of losing a loved one but it still adds another layer to my worry over security in france . 
  this is starting to become almost normal for france ... 
  t'es en france ? 
  jeanne d'arc . 
  that 's the sun 's fault , not ours . 
  i 'm an early millennial ( born mid 80s ) and am a bit out of the norm as i have 6 kids and am a practicing catholic but i am completely fed up of the current system . 
  i grew up in a muslim neighbourhood in france and went to school in paris . 
  not all , but many muslim simply do n't gave a f about intergrating . 
  this is their fault and our politicians of the past . 
  we never should have let them stay let alone bring over their families . 
  multiculturalism has failed especially in france . 
  i do n't even fall for the scare of terrorism . 
  what scares me is demographics . 
  i do n't want my future grandchildren to be ethnic minorities in their own ancestral land . 
  france is european and culturally catholic and many of us younger people who grew up in a diverse environment feel like this has been robbed of us . 
  our parents lived in a france when a bloody italian was exotic while we grew up with kids from entirely different cultures and values to us . 
  unfortunately for the 68ers we all did n't mould together like they wanted us to and this nationalist resurgence is the consequence to their past actions . 
  this vice [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17kdsc8viay&amp;t=2m30s ) about fn did something similar . 
  they leave quite the connotation at the end of video with those same lyrics, 
  not all of us are in the germanic family and see germany as our big brother . 
  why anyone but le pen ? 
  russians are european . 
  turks are not . 
  what about her is extreme ? 
  i was making more of a joke . 
  i would like to make catholicism the official religion of my country for symbolic reasons but i 'm much too liberal to want catholic practice to be made into law . 
  i 'd fear for my lgbt relatives ' safety . 
  yea , why not ? 
  let 's switch !, 
  i do n't think m\u00e9lenchon is a french name though . 
  i think he 's part spanish and italian . 
  so sweet of you . 
  i may actually print this out and frame it , it 's beautiful . 
  can someone photoshop turkey out ? 
  i do n't know how they do it . 
  my husband is trying to bar me from all media because he thinks it 's going to put me into early labour .
