  sure , but the overwhelming majority of gypsies are very dark and easily distinguishable from indigenous europeans . 
  well , they 're not allowed in the house and you have to wash yourself after you touch a dog before you pray . 
  obviously there are muslims who love pets but in most western countries to us this would mean that muslims do n't hold a dog in a very high regard . 
  also i 'd say 98 % of the muslim women i 've encountered flee in terror when they see a dog . 
  why is turkey in there ? 
  why ca n't all turks be like reddit turks :(, 
  obviously nothing was official but germany and sweden made it known that these people would be welcomed . 
  a huge portion of the people merkel waved in were also economic migrants . 
  algeria , tunisia , morocco , senegal , cameroon ... not great countries to live in but currently not at war . 
  you 're all a bunch of jerks !, 
  i know countless people have entered and left sw france since her time on earth but she looks nothing like a typical sw frenchwoman . 
  i 'd peg her for hungarian or some other central european ethnicity . 
  loving the hat though . 
  we 're vain perhaps but flakey ? 
  we 're more of a `` go with the flow '' type of people which perhaps translates to flakiness in northern european culture . 
  romania should be closer to 100 % . 
  it 's basically slavic italian . 
  exactly . 
  many fn supporters are old . 
  also in france speaking english is n't as common even among younger people . 
  also many people do n't say anything because we know we will get downvoted . 
  most of the french people on reddit are the young , liberal crowd and came from a higher socioeconomic background . 
  i rarely even go to r/france as it 's liberal land . 
  rest assured that there are many french people who agree with you and we will vote le pen . 
  the thing is we in the fn know we will not win the second round . 
  but this is still a huge leap for us and we will be very pleased to win the first round . 
  i 'm confident fn will win by 2030 and can be patient . 
  calling le pen a fascist is an insult to the people who have been victims of actual fascism . 
  it 's 2017 , you ca n't use buzz words anymore to silence an argument . 
  a fucking lot . 
  we made it up to gain another accent . 
  when i taught french in canada we had to show the students this video series with a talking pineapple and dancing skeletons . 
  it was terrifying . 
  we moved in with my husband 's parents in a remote village . 
  the commute is a bit longer for my husband but it 's worked out really well . 
  3 generations under one roof , how beautiful ( and crowded ) !, 
  live with your parents like we do . 
  built-in babysitter !, 
  this fact will win over all of the c\u00e9line loving mamies of the north thus making the official term chocolatine . 
  iceland then . 
  look at japan and south korea . 
  entirely homogenous and have some of the lowest crime rates in the world . 
  we were never even given a chance to see how our nations would have looked if they remained homogenous after the economic boom of the last 50 years . 
  i agree that as a whole the country is one of the most safe in the world but i think it is still highly concerning when we have big pockets of area that are basically mirroring society in mena cultures , especially considering that these areas are concentrated in our major cities . 
  i do n't want to `` as a mother '' you but really as a mother it 's scary to think about what the country will look like in the future . 
  with demographic change comes a change in society . 
  i am now very fortunate enough to live in a bubble like op so i do n't notice it . 
  although there was a terrorist attack being planned in the city closest to me just this month . 
  it gave me shivers to think about it . 
  you mean muslims being targeted by native europeans ? 
  i grew up in the north of marseilles . . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm simply using logic . 
  people can breed with whoever they want but i do n't understand how a frenchman , and a southerner at that , can act like all is well here . 
  so how do you , as you put it , live in a bubble if everyone lives in the bubble ? 
  there can not be a bubble if everyone is in it . 
  this is not normal though . 
  if we remained homogenous and european there of course would be bad areas but it would not be nearly as bad as it is now . 
  your experience is much different than an average swede as you grew up , in your own words , in a bubble inhabited by other rich , white people . 
  so you can not write a snobby post about how everything is well in sweden as you lead a privileged life . 
  and my white skin and french heritage made me a victim . 
  seriously move to a minority-majority area and then see how it is . 
  well i grew up in the 90s/early 2000s really so it was not as bad as it is now . 
  there were also some european immigrants as well but my school was about 85 % north african and black african . 
  they used to call me and my siblings names , my brothers would get beat up , my sisters and me would get humiliated through sexual harassment . 
  they would never listen in class and often would sell things like drugs at school . 
  we stopped taking pork at lunch because the muslims would constantly make fun of us for it . 
  it was dangerous to go out at night . 
  my mother was harassed too and was once pushed quite hard while she was pregnant . 
  my dad finally got a job out in the country . 
  after we moved i had a wonderful childhood . 
  seriously fuck you . 
  how can you speak about this when you are from a wealthy background ? 
  people like you make me sick . 
  you 're just like the hypocritical politicians . 
  move into a diverse area rich boy and see the benefits of mass immigration . 
  i grew up in an area of france with a huge immigrant population . 
  it was not fun . 
  that 's strange that saint-barth\u00e9lemy celebrates the abolition of slavery as they are all white . 
  what is your socioeconomic background and where in sweden do you live ? 
  oh my god !!, 
  the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois are on our side !!!!, 
  celine is on our side !!!!!!, 
  best accent ever . 
  the le pens are of breton origin . 
  and yes , like you said the south has a regional identity as do all areas of france except for the paris region . 
  brittany is not as affected by mass immigration . 
  breton culture is actually very much a part of french culture . 
  breton dishes are common in france and we all love asterix . 
  my sun-soaked , southern father is named yann even , a very breton name . 
  maybe this is a latin thing because it 's common to do that in france too . 
  if you have some wine with a friend you may have a cigarette . 
  my mother always said that it helped make the meeting more of an event . 
  first off i appreciate your respectful tone . 
  it helps create a good atmosphere for such a discussion . 
  i guess i would say it affects me as i am close to my gay cousin . 
  my sister is transgender as well , though i 'm not sure how this would affect her though i know fn is n't as pro-trans as say ps . 
  i think in this instance you must make a list of priorities . 
  gay marriage is lower than in the list than immigration , public safety etc. . . 
  i think in all other aspects i am quite liberal , especially compared to most out fn supporters .
