so abstention ? 
  the french way !, 
  just curious , who would you vote for in a 2nd round with le pen vs m\u00e9lenchon ? 
  our prisons are jihadi finishing schools nowadays . 
  i do n't like big government so it scares me to think that the next , logical step would be to become federalized . 
  i do n't trust politicians and think that this is their end game . 
  not the whole thing but [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iixn3f_bmq ) is a dozen clips of highlights with english subtitles . 
  see that funny looking shape on the sw mediterranean coastline ? 
  that 's languedoc-roussillon . 
  it 's green because of me . 
  currently pregnant with my sixth son . 
  hoping # 7 will be a wizard !, 
  of course the catholic religion was the main target of the revolution . 
  it was the religion of 99 % of the population and was entangled with the monarchy . 
  i would never want to live in a catholic theocracy as i am pro-choice and have lgbt family so i am for official secularism . 
  but one can not separate catholicism from french culture , much like islam from magrehbien culture . 
  the only reason our politicians go down hard on secularism is because of islam . 
  if we had no muslims they would not care . 
  they enforce these rules against catholicism and juda\u00efsme so they can restrict islam while saying `` oh but we 're doing it all religions !, 
  even catholicism '' . 
  and it 's only the extreme muslims and ultra atheists who seem to care . 
  most people see the nativity scenes as a part of christmas and a part of our culture . 
  yes but historically france has been catholic for thousands of years , so it should be an exception for historical and cultural purposes . 
  and nativity scenes are a big part of french christmas customs . 
  they are just as important to us during christmas as christmas trees , and we have christmas trees every where during christmas . 
  i 'm a married catholic woman who does n't use birth control . 
  pregnancy is my flagellation sir . 
  i must admit this made me laugh a bit . 
  my 6 year old son came out for a drink of water and asked us what game show we were watching ... 
  may not be top priority to you but for many catholics like myself such things are important . 
  it 's more about ensuring the continuation of the catholic church in france since it is still a huge part of french culture . 
  national parties will criticize islam and the muslim immigration but most other parties are still too pc to address the problem . 
  your english is broken . 
  also high amount of immigrants in the region . 
  she permanently banished her own father . 
  and we 're xenophobic , not racist . 
  i wish we could trade places . 
  slavs also intergrate very well usually , there are tons of them here . 
  i think perhaps it 's more difficult for them since they do n't come from a latin culture but it 's much more easier for them than say a north african . 
  yes our education helps the process but also our cultures are very similar . 
  i imagine a portuguese would have a more difficult time picking up germanic culture than french culture or another latin culture . 
  plus the further south you go in france the more we tend to look alike . 
  also yes i know of some chavvy portuguese but they are in the minority . 
  some like to go crazy during football matches but even then it 's nothing like how the algerians have acted . 
  what 's your point ? 
  we love portuguese people . 
  they 're basically culturally french after 5 years of living here . 
  same goes with italians and spanish . 
  does georgia have gypsies ? 
  why ? 
  pro eu people talk about pan-europeanism all the time and how our diversity unites us and such . 
  the majority of europe has a similar culture and way of life . 
  it 's r/europe . 
  we 're european . 
  of course we 're going to side with other europeans against the turks who invaded us for centuries . 
  any other continent or group of people can do this but when europeans do it we get called out on it . 
  we know we did bad things just like the ottomans , but we 're european so we 're going to side with our own people . 
  ugh , i hate myself for being so attracted to him . 
  we 're know for our wine , bread and now , getting killed by muslims . 
  is n't sarap a give name in turkish ? 
  in france they decorate their wedding entourage with turkish flags , screaming and yelling in turkish with turkish music blaring while driving from place to place . 
  i 've seen this numerous times and i 'm from nowhere near strasbourg . 
  who uses their wedding to flaunt their nationalism to a foreign country ? 
  a huge portion of the french population know this . 
  it 's why le pen is doing so well . 
  we 're not all oblivious idiots . 
  you mean officially ? 
  half germanic now i am also triggered . 
  do n't listen to him , we love your half slavic sister romania !, 
  well i think those who are the remnants of a culture that is about to be changed forever have a right to fight against it . 
  you 're the result of this change while i am the result of thousands of years of history in europe . 
  i 'm sure the native americans do . 
  we do n't what happened to your indigenous population to happen to us . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  honestly i 'm glad he brought it up . 
  no one seems to talk about the mass demographic change europe will go through when the baby boomers start to die . 
  some western european countries have an under 18 population of 40 % non-native . 
  this affects the very core of our nation and europe . 
  a country is its people and when we are 30 , 40 , 50 % non-european we will be a very different country . 
  even if the non-europeans assimilate well it will still change europe forever , which i do n't want to happen . 
  i do n't want my children and my grandchildren to be minorities in their ancestral land . 
  neither do the rich tourists who come from all over the world to experience our way of life . 
  we 're a tiny part of the world and we are a tiny percentage of the human population . 
  it 's worth it for us to remain an overwhelming majority in the land that our ancestors have lived in for thousands of years . 
  oh it will . 
  the worse it gets the more likely she will be voted in . 
  or we could set up policies and high-paying marraige and baby bonuses so that our countries can remain overwhelmingly indigenous . 
  you put cream on your toast ? 
  we of the fn know we will not win . 
  we will most likely win the first round and then prickly probably be beaten by at least 20 % in the second round . 
  we will win before 2030 . 
  we can be patient . 
  sorry to doubt you but there is often many times sjw white americans who are part irish traveller and like to pretend to be roma to be unique . 
  i suspected you might have been . 
  i 've never met or heard of a roma who speaks english as well as you do . 
  it 's my own bias . 
  you never answered my question . 
  are you actually a roma living in europe ? 
  these people do not look european to me , not even southern european . 
  are you actually roma though or some self-victimizing white american with distant irish traveller roots ?
