  furthermore you do know that rape is not simply about looks ? 
  old women are raped , fat women are raped , a girl with down 's syndrome was raped in the uk not too long ago . 
  also there is no difference between a british woman , a german woman and a polish woman . 
  there are some who are ugly , some who are beautiful but the majority are average looking . 
  take this sexist bs off of this subreddit . 
  you can no longer scare fn supporters by calling us extremists and racists . 
  we know we will not win this election but our numbers are increasing and it is just a matter of time before fn gains power . 
  our time will come again . . 
  time for some mass immigration from mena and african countries !, 
  the bbc , like most state news media companies , is a puppet of the liberal ideology . 
  i would n't trust the government to set up and orchestrate a non-bias news watch . 
  do n't hate the player hate the game . 
  most of us probably have roman blood in us anyway . 
  looks like they needed to fulfill a diversity quota . 
  oh come on !, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta-vurgvma0 ) is magical ( except for the singer in the red dress ) !, 
  i love alpine culture . 
  i do n't speak a word of german but am still obsessed with musikantenstadl . 
  your german guilt is showing . 
  in france many poles and their descendants act more french than the french themselves . 
  cracking down on hard core islam will do nothing . 
  it will maybe stop a few attacks and lock up a few bad guys but it 's not the real problem . 
  the main problem is demographics . 
  the men who refused service to the women in the french caf\u00e9 in the video posted earlier this week were not radicals . 
  they would n't kill us and most likely do not sympathize with most terrorist attacks . 
  they simply want to live their lives in the islamic north african way they were brought up in . 
  unfortunately for us they make up a big portion of the youth in most western european countries and this will change europe forever . 
  it 's funny when my grandparents talk about how their parents used to complain about the spanish and italian immigrants and refugees . 
  if only they could see france now . . 
  i 've been told by several dutch people that the flemish accent is considered sexy to them . 
  it 's terrifying to think that someone could view any accent in that language as sexy . 
  deport any non-european immigrant who can can legally be deported , stop all non-european immigration , give out healthy baby bonuses for whites to have children , get rid of the muslim ghettos , advocate strongly for french culture , severely limit islam in terms of public practice . 
  yes i know i sound like a nazi but it 's them or us . 
  that 's my way of thinking now . 
  a lot of those foreign nationals in switzerland are other europeans or people of the european diaspora . 
  my family has always been fn , even when jean-marie le pen was in charge . 
  my siblings and i would get in yelling matches with my parents over immigration . 
  many people would think you are crazy if you voted fn . 
  it 's much different now . 
  in my social circles at least immigration is much more talked about . 
  more people are open about voting fn . 
  like the other french here said we know terrorism does n't come from immigration but many french are worried about future demographics . 
  we can see our culture eroding away in many of our big cities . 
  exactly . 
  they can be ruthless and it 's best to simply keep your head down and walk away . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dt8inup90fi&amp;t=706s ) a good documentary about it , in french obviously . 
  the news stops for nothing . 
  it was an intentional action by most msm outlets to ignore the attacks in their publications . 
  we french women deal with the imported street harassment that was brought over with the north african immigrants from their countries . 
  it 's a daily occurrence almost all young urban french women have to deal with . 
  when i lived in paris it happened so often that it was just a normal thing to be expected . 
  french culture is still rich in traditions and customs that go back hundreds of years . 
  seeing the changing of demographics in france ( 10 % muslim , 20 % non-european ) make us realize how much our country is changing . 
  it 's simple numbers . 
  we 're actually planning to in the near future . 
  i have no idea . 
  they disgust me so i never eat them . 
  unfortunately sometimes you must decide between us or them . 
  it must be strange to be able to cross over to germany for a day and see all the diversity and then go back to your all white town in poland . 
  i ca n't imagine what poles think about us but please know that many of us here in western europe are envious of you . 
  only difference is that in israel the indigenous population was attacking while in europe the indigenous population is being attacked . 
  in france we start celebrating on the 24th but this usually goes into the early hours of the 25th . 
  many people still go to midnight mass and then after will have a huge meal . 
  the meal usually includes snails , foie gras and many other stereotypical french foods . 
  people either eat duck , ham or turkey . 
  for dessert most of france will have the yule log cake . 
  my family is from the south so we have the traditional 13 [ desserts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirteen_desserts ) of christmas as well . 
  despite our known secularity , nativity scenes are very popular in france and a common christmas decoration at home . 
  many also celebrate the epiphany on january 6th and eat a traditional cake with it . 
  i 'm sorry but are you trying to make excuses for his killing of 9 people ? 
  is someone forgetting about the ottoman empire ? 
  but-but 3 % of turkish land mass is in europe !!!!, 
  this is inevitable no matter what happens . 
  france used to be home to many different regional languages that attested to france being the `` bridge of europe '' as they were from many different linguistic branches . 
  then they made us all learn parisian french and outlawed our native languages . 
  1/3 18-24 voted fn during our last election . 
  do n't get too cocky eu . 
  both canada and sweden take in a huge amount of people . 
  the only difference is that canada takes in the cream of the crop while sweden takes anyone , regardless of how beneficial they 'll be to the country . 
  i want france too . 
  french here , so do i. 
  xenophobia can be a healthy reaction to mass immigration . 
  thanks for sticking up for me . 
  i 'm a woman though , 
  why would n't he be charged as an adult ? 
  he is adult , he 's 21 . . 
  i think it does . 
  i think fn wants france to remain european and culturally french . 
  yes . 
  inchallah . 
  sorry but i do n't really understand your question . 
  can you explain it more ? 
  i think fn is the only party that has the interests of white french people . 
  i do n't want france to become majority non-white and muslim . 
  ah yes , the uniting european value of submission to germany . 
  it 's been a european value we 've had difficulty accepting for over 100 years now . 
  as a fn supporter i was not surprised to see macron win but am very happy with our results . 
  we will continue to grow stronger and win within the next 10 years . 
  i can be patient . 
  i think a second generation ethnic turk who is pursuing higher education is very different than a recently arrived 19 year old moroccan who idles by the metro all day .
