  for physically demanding jobs , which are very common , women have to work harder than men to do the same job . 
  that is why we should hire physically stronger nurses . 
  i 've heard stories from someone who works in a hospital how they 've had to ask male nurses or other male workers move obese patients because they 're too heavy for female nurses to move . 
  moving heavy objects is out of reach for most women , no way to go around it . 
  some women do physically demanding jobs , but they 're exceptional . 
  i did n't say women should be firemen . 
  but if individual has more job opportunities then he is more likely to have a job than another individual who has less opportunities because of limited physical fitness . 
  i 'm not saying that the gender gap is caused by difference in physique but it could be a factor . 
  women do dirty jobs but they do n't do physically demanding jobs . 
  there is n't any reason that a woman ca n't become fireman or mover but usually their physique is n't up to the task . 
  as long as there are jobs that only men and a small part of women can do , it 's expected that men have more possibilities for employment and therefore more jobs . 
  4/5 jobs i 've worked have required a certain level of physical fitness that is above average woman . 
  kyyditys ( k\u00fc\u00fcditamine ) means deportation in finnish too , but is n't often used unless talking about `` deportations '' made by lapua movement . 
  you already sent him in 2006 , should have made him the lead singer if you wanted more points . 
  makes a good point about how people have always voted for good looking men and women in skimpy clothing and no one has said anything . 
  is voting for disabled people because of their disability worse than voting for a pretty woman because she is pretty ? 
  estonia is also very highly rated in the betting odds . 
  it 's a nice song , maybe my favorite so far , but it lacks the impact that winning songs usually have . 
  [ baltic girls . 
  estonia looking at finland and latvia looking at sweden happily while lithuania glares at kaliningrad . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/95/powerpuff_girls_characters.jpg ), 
  fruits of labor . 
  good way to hide corn would be turn it into ethanol . 
  if only there were people who would buy huge amounts of cheap , low quality alcohol from estonia ... 
  if you do n't consider your own life to be worth more than that of a random arab in syria then would you say that the arab needs your money more than you do ? 
  tribalistic monkey-think also includes that you care more about your children , parents or siblings than other people . 
  so instead of buying a birthday present for your child , you might as well give more than one present to poor children abroad with that price . 
  how about authentic finnish sauna rocks ? 
  very high quality free range non-gene-modified organic rocks for low price . 
   i wish our latvian friends luck in solving their demographic problems . 
  would be sad to see such a nice nation go extinct . 
  hah , knowing your opinion on balts i 'm not sure if you 're sarcastic or serious . 
  smoking is harmful , but you 're overreacting to one box of cigars . 
  it 's only haram if your balls touch . 
  maybe the baltics would have been able to put up a better resistance against nazi germany if the soviet liberators had n't had killed or deported the officers of baltic states armies and members of the governments ? 
  thanks to dismantling the armies and governments of baltic states by soviet union there was no government or army to put up a resistance when the nazi germany invaded . 
  after talking to some russian girl on interpals no doubt . 
  first you must become a kingdom ruled by queen . 
  concerning all those bacon jokes in this thread ; pigs have lower body fat percentage than average person in a western country while the composition of fat tissue is about the same . 
  therefore 10 000 people dying in a fire would smell more like bacon than 10 000 pigs dying in a fire . 
  [ honestly there is n't much that sets finns apart from other europeans , we are just your average white european people with average european values and customs . 
  have n't you read the news ? 
  there is russian military in the autonomous republic of crimea of ukraine . 
  finland produces significant amount of oats , more than united states . 
  [ additionally finland produces more wheat , barley and rye than greece . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/d/d0/production_of_cereals%2c_by_country%2c_2014_%281_000_tonnes%29.png ) finland contains the majority of arable land north of 60th parallel . 
  although the land is n't usable for more than a few months a year , some fast growing and cold resistant plants can be grown . 
  they sometimes sell saaremaa juust here but i think it was only the smoked variety iirc . 
  i was thinking of spice girls : eu have got to : grexit , brexit , frexit , fixit , who do you think you are ? 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams . 
  you can mock germans on a german reddit at / r/de . 
  v\u00e4yrynen wants that finland continues the paasikivi-kekkonen policy of neutrality and that is probably the main issue for the party . 
  so it is a finlandization-party in the most accurate way possible . 
  i was 90 % sure it would be b\u00e4ckman . 
  v\u00e4yrynen is n't a surprise either , but i get the impression that his new party is more about being anti-everything than anti-nato . 
  nordic countries with poland and baltic countries would equal 70 % of european russian population and would have 30 % bigger gdp than russia so it would be comparable if the defense expenditures were similar . 
  i think it would be a good defense alliance as almost all these countries are next to baltic sea and have common interest to prevent any military escalation there . 
  petition is the softest political move i can think , even softer than demonstration . 
  yet no one would think of prisoning people because of taking part in a demonstration . 
  if he had done a poll for research instead of signature drive it would have been basically the same thing . 
  petition is not legally binding , it 's just one of the easiest ways for people to get their voice heard . 
  you 're just mad your petition did n't work out this time . 
  just kidding , i hope he does n't go to jail . 
  no one should go to jail for any petition . 
  coleslaw , it goes with everything . 
  a love story . 
  do n't do it , he wants to eat your brains !, 
  actually most of the builders were german . 
  danes did n't have many skilled workers in the middle ages . 
  same thing in finland , most of the buildings here built during time when we were part of sweden were planned and built by non-swedes . 
  notice how all of these pictures are from the summer . 
  ice would destroy the hull or pontoon in the winter so you have to take them up on the shore or protect them from ice some other way . 
  i do n't know how these floats are stored but i know you definitely ca n't just leave them in the water when the ice forms . 
  i 'm sure he was being sarcastic . 
  greece is also hard to invade . 
  thousands of mountains and thousands of islands make it a hard terrain to advance even if it 's relatively small country . 
  although germany overran them in ww2 within a month with superior firepower i think the greeks would have put up a good fight if they were n't so badly equipped compared to germany . 
  but when you add \u00b0 c at the end and forgot to clarify that you 're talking about wind chill then people will assume you mean temperature . 
  i know that usually the difference between temperature and wind chill is small , but in my opinion temperature is more useful number since then you know whether the vodka in your bottle will freeze or not . 
  that depends on your clothing . 
  feels like temperature is useless for humans and only useful for farm animals since they do n't have protective clothing . 
  maybe next they will start announcing `` temperature for bicycle commuters '' since the conduction of heat will be bigger for them ? 
  temperature should be temperature . 
  if you want to announce an index of heat loss for stationary naked people then do n't call it temperature . 
  no nation hates the president of brazil as much as brazil does . 
  i think it was very easy to comprehend . 
  you have trouble with italian brand jackets , german brand cars but not with american brand phones ? 
  milk price is more important to most people than iphone price . 
  luxembourg has 30 users and iceland has 400 . 
  i bet that people from luxembourg use french , german or portuguese internet sites . 
  it 's just e. coli . 
  hardly a superbug . 
  where can i buy amish stocks ? 
   `` this is the book that i wish all of my male classmates would have read when i was 16 , '' said clara berglund i just wonder how many 16 year old boys would read a feminist book that is n't mandatory reading . 
  not so many i think and the difference in world view might be too much for most to be influenced by it . 
  [ at least when i was 16 , my biggest problem with masculinity was n't that i had to pay the bills when going out with girls . 
  ] ( http://www.feminist.com/resources/artspeech/genwom/adichie.html ), 
  not many middle easterners in this subreddit it seems . 
  i think we should invite people from iraq or syria here . 
  / r/europe needs more diversity .
