  is that you ? 
  pls respond, 
  i think he means discrimination against different species of cryptopus orchidaceae . 
  if you google cryptopus only white flowers show up . 
  hey , at least it 's an ethos . 
  how is it worse than coal ? 
  especially if you import coal from australia and indonesia instead of picking the peat up next to the power plant . 
  europe could switch to burning peat which they could buy from ireland or finland . 
  this is one thing i like about eu . 
  us government could easily bully finland to change it 's laws but it 's hard for them to do it for the eu . 
  that article only reinforces my prejudice . 
  someone needs to write `` balkans for dummies '' book . 
  i see , for me the history of yugoslavia has always been a clusterfuck and only thing i know is that everyone wants to kill each other . 
  fair enough . 
  could you give some background info about this video ? 
  why would they tear the monument down now if it has been in place for many years ? 
  anti-nazi resistance makes it sounds like they were some heroes but you could also call them communist partisans . 
  i do n't know about this situation but i know that in some parts of europe the partisans were just as bad as big bad nazis . 
  i agree with you . 
  it 's not like anyone in europe even reads fox news . 
  and somehow russia today is a legit source while fox news is n't . 
  if soviet union could not destroy finland i do n't think your average state of amerifats could do it . 
  you 're only strong as a united country . 
  edit : oh dog , i hope i did n't make him mad enough to delete his account d :, 
  seven brothers does n't translate so well into other languages . 
  i would recommend http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/under_the_north_star for those who want to know about finnish people and finnish history . 
  i am surprised that you have shorter days than here in finland , i was out jogging today and it did n't get dark until after 16:00 . 
  perhaps you exaggerate a little ? 
  i meant that people here do n't like stuff from / r/european since it has clear anti-immigration and anti-islam bias which goes against majority of this subreddit . 
  even if you 're not racist and islamophobe , people here will treat you as one if do n't agree with the circlejerk . 
  my friend , you have been assumed to be racist and islamophobe . 
  from now on the burden of proof lies with you . 
   i guess it would have gone better if you had n't mentioned that the original post is from / r/european . 
  it 's considered equal to stormfont or / pol / over here . 
  fried vendaces : 1 . 
  roll vendaces in rye flour . 
  fry vendaces in butter . 
  [ enjoy with garlic sauce and potatoes . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/05/fried_vendaces.jpg/1024px-fried_vendaces.jpg ), 
  i 'm also joking , this a minor event to other europeans so it 's no surprise that mostly estonians are interested . 
  i have only heard the name savisaar a few times before . 
  i also see a latvian , german and two lithuanians . 
  this is an international scandal that draws attention from myriad of countries across the baltic sea . 
  there are many pictures of people wearing those shirts like that . 
  if there was a business selling shirts with picture of swastikas and other controversial stuff , they could easily include mohammad shirts . 
  [ here is my favorite mohammad shirt i found . 
  you already said that . 
  i found the link from wikipedia after reading about illegal immigration to us . 
  what part of immigration politics in us are better than in europe ? 
  both europe and us have fences to keep them out . 
  immigrants throwing rocks at police in hungary get gassed , as opposed to [ immigrants throwing rocks at police in us get shot . 
  ] ( http://www.dallasnews.com/news/state/headlines/20100609-mexican-teen-shot-to-death-by-1159.ece ), 
  for a single us president , he sure had a high amount of confirmed kills . 
  i agree . 
  europe is about christianity as much as middle east is about islam . 
  they have many other religions and surely no one would connect middle east with islam ... 
  if the borders are closed the reward of reaching europe would be smaller and risk would be bigger , i think that many immigrants would give up if reward is smaller than risk . 
  they may be poor and desperate but they are n't irrational . 
  if europe closed it 's borders do you think migrants would keep crossing the sea just to die with no hope of reaching europe ? 
  just because they 're not white does n't mean they 're some animals who keep coming driven by instincts . 
  [ japanese version is my favourite . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adsv_pv9ofc ), 
  although we speak a different language , [ we are n't really different from other white people . 
  in other words today / r/europe upvoted a picture of nazi flag to # 1 . 
  sign of the times . 
  it was n't only the land that was stolen , finns also occupied east karelia and part of the russian population that lived there was placed in concentration camps where significant number of them died of famine . 
  most popular neo-nazi movement here at the moment is the finnish branch of nordic resistance movement and they always use their own logo . 
  swastika has been used here historically by lotta sv\u00e4rd and other organizations so it is n't necessarily connected with nazism . 
  although if you use the german nazi flag like in this case , it 's hard to deny connection to nazism . 
  the old town is super comfy , or at least it would be without us finnish tourists . 
  i think many people in the west liked medvedev more than putin . 
  in my opinion russia needs a president who can keep the country together but also modernize and have good foreign relations . 
  medved was average at both , putin is good at former but fails at latter . 
  i am . 
  we are a small country far away from civilization , yet we have been able to contribute to human history with great things such as dish draining closet , ammonium chloride flavored vodka and ievan polkka . 
  southern finland is n't as populated as southern france . 
  mods please tag this topic as `` controversial '' . 
  i 'm very triggered by integration of immigrants . 
  `` anyone who does n't regret the passing of the 80 's has no heart . 
  anyone who wants it to come back has no brains . '', 
  - vladimir putin, 
  thank you for the offer , but i still have some bottles from estonia i have to drink before i have room for latvian ones . 
  i 'm planning visiting riga next summer to stock on alcohol drinks since prices in tallinn are rising . 
  liivimaa palsam is my current favorite drink but i guess riga balsam should be fine too . 
  he also ran for the president in last elections in 2012 , talk about a dark horse ... 
  the organization has made their move . 
  there is no time to waste !, 
  if you 're reading this message from the past , that means it 's already future and the message has traveled trough time . 
  we can rent islands from greece and pay greeks to clothe , feed and guard them . 
  two birds with one stone . 
  sanctions may harm us but we will not back down until finno-mongolic khanate is restored in crimea . 
  the oil is bland because it 's more refined , the ecologically produced olive oil is only mechanically separated opposed to industrial one so it contains more water and and more compounds that you can taste . 
  you do n't taste the oil in olive oil . 
  there might be differences between the varieties of olives between greece and spain but the difference in taste is overwhelmingly caused by different methods of refining . 
  russia 's cumbering of timber sales to finland is not a new thing , the high export tariffs were one of the reasons it took 19 years for russia to join wto . 
  in fact the last few years when finland could buy russian birch without expensive tariffs were an exception . 
  finnish economy has suffered many times trough history because of reliance on trade with russian empire and soviet union . 
  i do n't blame russia for putting sanctions against finland , it 's nothing new . 
  it 's finnish industries fault for relying on russia . 
  russia has never been a reliable business partner in long term yet our companies always get in trouble and cry about it .
