nothing like coming from work to browse some uplifting pictures of / r/childporn . 
  thank you for enlightening me on this dear sir , upvote for you : dd, 
  people like to compare themselves to neighboring countries . 
  i think many austrians would like to be as good as swiss or at least as good as germans . 
  look at the map where mesopotamia is located . 
  in asia . 
  asia is the birthplace of civilization and has biggest number of people so it is the most important continent of the world . 
  i think of mostly east asia when i think of asia , at least they are most relevant economically . 
  i 'm also a weeaboo which has affected my perception of asia . 
  west asia , south asia and south east asia do n't interest me so much . 
  i 'm interested in central asia and hope that someday i can visit my ancestral homeland of ancient finnish mongols of which / int / has taught me . 
  would n't kazakhstan or mongolia be first to go then ? 
  thank you very much for such detailed response . 
  i 'll remember to look up those places and foods when i 'm planning my visit . 
  i see we have a geopolitics expert oracle among us . 
  why next 30 years instead of 3 or 300 years ? 
  i would love to visit georgia someday . 
  it seems like affordable and safe country with beautiful scenery . 
  where should i travel in georgia ? 
  what should i see and what should i eat ? 
  they are n't horsing around with the meat supply chain . 
  i can confirm . 
  using my euros in estonia has brought me great satisfaction . 
  there were more germans than russians in the baltic states when they were part of russian empire . 
  just look up some demographic statistics on [ wikipedia . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/latvija_1881.jpg ) there were obviously some russians but they were a small minority and a large part of them was soldiers and officials stationed there . 
  why did n't you invest in eastern finland ? 
  `` les feuilles mortes '' is what i immediately thought as it 's one of the few phrases i remember from my french class . 
  if you want italian coffee you should go to italy for that . 
  there are lots of coffee types in the world other than espresso and cappuccino . 
  we all know that feel, 
  invest in eastern ukraine ... maybe later . 
  just look at the kazakh 's face , he is thinking the same question . 
  * tips tinfoil hat *, 
  [ otto kuusinen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otto_wille_kuusinen ) is quite hated , he was the head of soviet puppet government that controlled small part of finland during winter war . 
  he is only finn buried in kremlin wall . 
  you could become a swedish-speaking finn . 
  just when we were about to built a new goat sperm pipeline !, 
  they 're throwing rocks at people . 
  do you expect them to act this way because they 're escaping war and poverty ? 
  it has nothing to do with being brown , trying to hurt other people without any reason makes them worse than most people born in the uk . 
  this sub has been , figuratively speaking , shitting on vladimir putin for years . 
  [ if only atat\u00fcrk was still here . 
  one estonian snack i love is pieces of rye bread fried in oil and seasoned with garlic . 
  it has become available in finland only recently . 
  r/arabs has daily threads for general gaza discussion but they also allow submissions outside of it . 
  i think r/europe should also have one stickied thread up everyday about ukraine crisis to gather all the flies attracted to shitstorms . 
  that is the estimated cost during 10 years they plan to replace the old systems for the whole finland . 
  for helsinki metropolitan area alone it costs 450 million . 
  estonia is efficient . 
  our media often points out how our electronic health record system investment costs 2 000 million $ while estonia did it for 11 million $ . 
  i 'm happy for them , finally they 're recognized as relevant nato power . 
  it 's like north korea rated pg instead of r18 . 
  first time i hear about them . 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0d/darfur_idps_1_camp.jpg ) is one sad looking camp for internally displaced people . 
  fur-related genocide ? 
  the fursecution is getting out of hand . 
  it was n't putin who wanted to rename it , he responded to a question by saying that it was for town people to decide and he did n't oppose it . 
  though you could say he is supportive of the naming referendum . 
  i was trying to imply that there is n't any brigading happening . 
  both . 
  and by the moderates . 
  [ i do n't know what to believe anymore . 
  yle is a state-owned finnish broadcasting company that broadcasts news in finnish and swedish and often in english , russian and sami . 
  they are also supposedly only one in the world to broadcast news in latin regularly . 
  are they neutral ? 
  i do n't know . 
  they might be picky which news to publish but the rhetoric is not as sensational as in private news sources . 
  most of their news on the web are boring but they cover a wide range of topics . 
  you can ignore that overeating addiction by forcing yourself to eat salad , carrots , apples , cabbage and other low-energy foods that fill you but wo n't make you fat . 
  after eating 1-2kg of vegetables a day you wo n't feel like stuffing yourself with pizza . 
  or if you do you wo n't be able to eat as much as you normally do . 
  i used to be overweight myself and i think that what stopped me from losing weight was lack of willpower to change my habits but also lack of information . 
  once you know that there is no other way out than lowering your caloric intake you can plan necessary measures to change your eating habits . 
  you do n't have to fix the addiction by trying to abstain from eating junk foods but instead planning your eating of healthy foods and the problem solves itself . 
  most people do n't have an addiction with eating , they just ca n't bring themselves to eat vegetables like a rabbit . 
  it 's progressive art project so of course we support it . 
  although some are more like trolls than actual artists . 
  dragging a huge artificial vagina through the streets ( most aesthetic work of the year ) or killing a cat and masturbating over it ( teemu m\u00e4ki later became professor of visual art at the university of art and design in helsinki ) is normal art in finland . 
  d'aww , it 's baby 's very first trolling attempt . 
  every man wants to be a macho man to have the kind of body always in demand joggin ' in the mornings , go man go workouts in the health spa , muscles grow you can best believe me he 's a macho man glad he took you down with anyone you can hey , hey , hey , hey , hey, 
  it has n't even begun . 
   mostly , annoy and anger people on one side while glorifying the other in short , to troll . 
  this picture would n't feel out of place in / int / or / pol / . 
  although i feel it 's more effective here than in 4chan . 
  i would n't even bother with the thread in 4chan but here i will at least upvote it hoping to cause butthurt . 
  do n't forget the cia , nwo and lgbt . 
   the cake is a lie nice . 
  epic . 
  i like it . 
  i do n't see much correlation in gdp per capita and rank of top 20 countries . 
  poland and switzerland have bigger difference in [ gdp per capita ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/share/clip?f=d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e4vshlaud00 ) and ranking . 
  according to swedes , [ nordic = swedish . 
  except for that most nato countries did n't take part in invasion of iraq . 
  finland did take part in invasion of afghanistan though so we 're already bullies : dd, 
  i have been against nato because i thought we should maintain good relationship with russia . 
  but now i wish we would join just to show russia that we wo n't be friends with bullies . 
  i do n't have anything against russian people but if their government thinks they can send troops to neighboring countries whenever they want i would gladly have finland join nato . 
  not because i 'm worried about invasion of finland but because we have to show solidarity to other countries who have been victims of oppression by russia . 
  do you have source to that contract ?
