  wood is very strong in longitudinal direction for it 's weight . 
  if tried to make a pillar as high as you can out of of steel beams and another out of timber , the pillar made of steel beams would buckle down first . 
  [ just compare the steel and wood part of this bridge . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/barmouthbridge2007.jpg ) compared to a railway bridge , supporting a small roof is not difficult . 
  as for durability , wood can easily last for some hundreds of years if there is no rot . 
  usually wooden buildings reach the end of their lifetime before the wood does . 
  burkini protects you from uv-radiation , jellyfishes and helps you swim in colder water . 
  burkinis look stupid in my opinion , but i do n't think they should be banned as they protect your body better than bikinis do . 
  [ for example in china some people use swimwear to protect face from uv-radiation . 
  this truly is the year of the linux desktop . 
  street begging was n't common here until roma beggars started coming from bulgaria and romania around ten years ago . 
  even in tallinn or vyborg , which looked much worse than london in the 90s , i did n't see any beggars . 
  to be fair , london was the first place where i saw beggars 20 years ago when i was a child . 
  fire spreads easily trough savanna when its dry and burns some of the forests next to it . 
  [ while rainforests at the equator are quite safe from fire since there is constant humidity and rainfall , the lands north and south of equator have dry seasons . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/global_fires_-_august_and_february_2008.jpg ), 
  if the lebanese team would have refused to board the bus and called a taxi for themselves , it would n't be such a big deal . 
  but physically stopping other athletes from boarding the bus is much more offensive and those who tried to stop israeli athletes from boarding should be disqualified . 
  his post was n't racist at all , your post on the other hand ... 
  apparently most of turks in uk are from cyprus . 
  that might make a difference . 
  if people start fucking each other in the ass , government will be out of work . 
  they wanted to keep users from r/all out to prevent people from running the meme to the ground with simple low-effort content or something . 
  so they banned people who mentioned it in a subreddit with over 10,000 subscribers . 
  now that they have over 200,000 subscribers and constantly hit the front page i 'm not sure if the rule is enforced anymore . 
  but the sidebar still says :  please do not x-post us to any subreddits with over 30k subscribers or any meta subs , and do not mention / r/lecountryballmemes in comment threads . 
  we reserve the right to ban any x-posters . 
  if you happen upon a x-post or a mention , the right course of action is to message us about it . 
  do n't use the report button , do n't reply , do n't start public arguments . 
  he actually did it . 
  you can still make it work with a simple trick . 
  who would n't want a free plastic bucket ? 
  they 're free !, 
  when was the last time iran attacked a european nation ? 
  during greco-persian wars 2500 years ago perhaps . 
  i do n't expect them to attack netherlands in 10 or 20 years no matter what happens . 
  ulostamispuuhat and paschapuuhat in finnish . 
  that is when the finnish easter food m\u00e4mmi is produced . 
  the guy who did saint petersburg metro attack a week ago was an uzbek from kyrgyzstan so i 'm not surprised about terrorists with central asian origin . 
  they do n't make sense in finnish either . 
  english : `` it is a pleasure to have in the fight against the nazis american males , who make cakes out of horse semen and donate them to miserable colleagues . 
  finnish nazis , beware !, 
  these men run you over ! '', 
  luxembourg flag would be a good choice too since it 's situated between france and germany and the german flag is easy to color over into a luxembourgish flag . 
  it is not good to drive with over 10 year old cars either since they 're less safe and have worse emissions . 
  as for phones , only 15-30 year olds care about phone fashionability . 
  he 's a janitor on the internet on a map imageboard he does it for free, 
  those poor souls enjoying their lives thinking they are really happy . 
  if they only knew how they 're not fulfilling the official , burecrautic criteria of happiness . 
  english used to be universal language of the internet but the share has declined fast . 
  i do n't think it will ever be a universal language as its share is also declining in united states and even in united kingdom because of immigration . 
  i think that russia diminished the influence of sweden by conquering finland but they were unable to replace it with russian influence because moscow was too far and saint petersburg rose to power at the end of 19th century . 
  this led to a kind of power vacuum that was favourable to nationalistic movement until 20th century when russia was ready to integrate finland but it was stopped by the bolshevik revolution . 
  modern anti swedish sentiment is product of many things which includes swedish speaking finns siding with whites during civil war , \u00c5land islands dispute and swedish speaking finns owning most of the finnish industry . 
  i once saw a book that had swedish speaking finn is portrayed like jews in germany or bourgeoisie in communist propaganda , as a fat , mean looking businessman . 
  it ca n't be only explained by 19th century nationalism . 
  `` some analysts say '' . 
  i 'm convinced !, 
  perhaps they do n't find it interesting or meaningful enough compared to other posts . 
  finland was a lot smaller back then before they invented the technology to make bigger maps . 
  nice , but why do both of them have a picture of nik\u00f6 tesl\u00e4nen , a famous finnish inventor of nokia 3310 and angry birds ? 
  china has plenty of emotional attachment to taiwan and south china sea . 
  and i think norwegians can remember the tantrum china threw when liu xianbo got nobel peace prize . 
  it is childish to think it would be easier have a good relationship with china than us . 
  we share more values with americans than with chinese , even if china does some things better than us . 
  there is a large group of people inside eu who do n't want to be in eu and they do n't see brexit as betrayal but as an example to follow . 
  i do n't want eu to disband but i do n't see brexit as back stabbing but as symptom of rising populism in europe . 
  there are ostrich farms in finland and sweden so maybe camels could survive too . 
  at least the batctrian camel that can handle temperatures from +40 to -40 c in central asian and mongolia should be able to survive anywhere in europe . 
  i was interested in tungisic part , it is from elyu-ene , which means large river in evenk language . 
  yes , if not then we would n't have / r/fingols, 
  yes , they were kept prisoners . 
  i think it was until the end of the winter war so they were interned from a few months to half a year i think . 
  not ten thousands but some thousands . 
  i do n't know how many starved , my grandmothers father and one or two of her siblings died but i do n't know if it was because of starving or tuberculosis . 
  overall i think the death rate was lower than in finnish concentration camps especially since it was for a shorter period of time . 
  my grandmother and her family were included in the finns who were interned from suoj\u00e4rvi as tilakattila posted . 
  it is hard to find english sources . 
  speak for yourself . 
  women 's breasts are getting bigger and the power they can wield ( f = ma ) is getting stronger . 
  i fear for our future . 
  the question was whether russia has famous and influential writers which it does since you can find writers who even admit they were influenced by russian literature . 
  i think it is hard to measure someone 's influence on western literature . 
  can you name someone who has influenced the western literature , and define the quantity of the influence ? 
  many famous writers read him and talked about him . 
  of course he influenced them in some way . 
   `` the real 19th century prophet was dostoevsky , not karl marx . ''  -- albert camus . 
   franz kafka called dostoyevsky his `` blood-relative '' [ and here five more famous writers influenced by russian literature . ], 
  ( http://rbth.com/arts/literature/2016/09/30/5-great-foreign-writers-who-were-influenced-by-russias-literary-giants_634339 ), 
  they put buckwheat in their porridge and honey and smetana on their cucumbers . 
  at every party vodka is a must . 
  in russia they do n't drink beer but kvass instead . 
  russians call us slow but they celebrate christmas and new year later than us . 
  they used to give bread and salt as customary greeting when someone is visiting a house . 
  they prefer tea over coffee . 
  do n't cry because it 's over , smile because it happened . 
  or you just do n't hear about the assassinations he has n't failed at . 
  here is your traditional christmas [ goat . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/heofiqs.jpg ) hope you 've been nice this [ year . 
  [ seeing this video i got curious and went to pick some olives from the nearby tree .
