  annexing crimea does n't give putin any lasting joy , people will forget about it in a year or two . 
  but if they enter a long lasting recession i do n't think russians will be happy if putin is unable to fix their economy . 
  it does n't matter if it 's caused originally by western sanctions , when people lose their jobs they wo n't be celebrating even if putin invades another country . 
  too late . 
  finally some good news about russia . 
  `` kosovo is a finnish '' - niko teslanen , inventor of nokia and angry birds . 
  \u00c5land is also strategically maybe the most important island in baltic sea . 
  crimean war is mostly known in finland as \u00c5land war ( oolannin sota ) because of battle of bomarsund and other battles near finnish coast . 
  there is no connection between crimea and kosovo and it ca n't be used as justification to annexing crimea . 
  you could also compare crimea to \u00c5land crisis . 
  crimea could be demilitarized and be russian speaking part of ukraine with large autonomy like \u00c5land is swedish speaking part of finland . 
  24 hours of sunlight , u jelly ? 
  that is true , we had good autonomy and although finnish nationalism was forming under russian rule i think russia was n't seen very negatively until the end of 19th century . 
  russification of finland in 1899 -- 1905 and 1908 -- 1917 was the start of modern hate against russia . 
  although russian rule of finland was beneficial to us in the long run the oppressive measures at the end of it carry more weight than the relatively benevolent century before it . 
  i agree that we should n't glorify people for their killings but i think we should n't judge them for not regretting about fighting for their lives . 
  i do n't see why he should regret killing people who were trying to kill him and people fighting along him . 
  he was shooting at enemy soldiers , not non-combatants like lauri t\u00f6rni sometimes did as a partisan . 
  inuits expanded to the arctic quite late , around 1000 ad , so the natural selection has n't affected them as much . 
  you can also adsorb more sunlight in open tundra areas with snow reflecting the light compared to forests or mountain valleys . 
  that feel when no gf . 
  i 'd have expected there to be more british emigrants in luxembourg . 
  there are ten times more portuguese in luxembourg than brits . 
  about alcohol and homicide , there is one study which found a gene that is linked with increased impulsivity or even violence when drunk . 
  this gene is found mostly in finland . 
  http://www.livescience.com/9197-impulsive-gene-identified-finnish-men.html i do n't think that it causes the high homicide rate but interesting thing nonetheless . 
  we can still have a space race between finland and latvia . 
  sure everyone would benefit from common language but the benefits would n't be big for someone who does n't travel and has no need to communicate with people around the globe . 
  on the other hands the benefits would be huge for those who want to travel and communicate with foreigners . 
  i think it 's unfair that other people should learn languages for benefit of other people . 
  i 've studied 7 different languages and would learn more if i wanted to travel through europe . 
  i think it 's also important to learn about the culture of the country you visit and this is easy to do while you learn their language . 
  either you learn the language of the country you visit or everyone in that country learns english . 
  i think former is easier . 
  why would someone speak english if they never have to use it ? 
  just like finns wo n't learn to speak swedish the europe wo n't learn to speak english because it is n't something we need to use in our daily lives . 
  i do n't see a need for everyone to learn a common language just because some people want to communicate with everyone . 
  people who want to travel should learn more languages instead of complaining how bad english others speak . 
  i think it 's sad how many finns go to estonia just to speak english even though they could learn some basic estonian phrases easily . 
  you could travel most countries of europe just by learning basics of english , french , german and russian . 
  the fuck did you just call me !, 
  rip in pieces . 
  ingrian and votic languages will soon follow . 
  [ fishermen and loggers are at higher risk of injury but no one calls them heroes . 
  ] ( http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/mt/assets/business/screen%20shot%202013-01-25%20at%205.10.03%20pm.png ), 
  i think this shows regional minority languages over the national languages . 
  but i agree that lined gradients would be better . 
  i know armenia is oldest christian country and has mountains . 
  interesting that because of high elevation sevan and many other armenian towns are colder than helsinki or reykjavik . 
  they also can take part in all the programs and voluntary work offered by swedish church . 
  even though sweden is secular country the church is behind many of the organizations offering activities and help to people . 
  and christians meet ethnic swedes at the church they go to which helps them assimilate and make friends . 
  since muslim community in sweden consists mostly of foreigners in mosques they ca n't learn the language or make contacts which would help them get ahead . 
  this guy did n't get our epic meme , let 's downvote him !, 
  according to my studies in racial pseudoscience blond hair color is beneficial in areas where there is n't much sunlight . 
  this includes norther latitudes during winter and mountain valleys . 
  since many kurds live in mountain valleys they would be more likely to have blond hair . 
  i would say that most wolves killed in lappland are not hunted with legal permits . 
  at least that is the picture i get from reading about reindeer herders ' opinion on wolves . 
  and wolves that want to go from russia to scandinavia have to go through lappland . 
  * i just read that out of hunting permissions for wolves almost all are used in lappland . 
  so maybe they are mostly killed legally . 
  they are illegally hunted in finland so it 's hard for them to make it to norway and sweden . 
  funny you should say that , because nato cyber defence centre is located in estonia . 
  thanks . 
  median income for households in luxembourg is probably about 4-5 times bigger than in romania so it 's true that poor people in luxembourg still have relatively large household income when compared to romanians . 
  they 're 50 % below median national household income , not gdp per capita . 
  luxembourg 's median income for households was 34,407 usd in 2007 and half of that is 17,200 usd . 
  semantics aside , semitics matter !, 
  here is interesting list that tells how populated countries really are compared to their capacity of growing food . 
  hitler was n't all bad . 
  stalin was n't all bad . 
  they could n't have become such popular leaders if they were all bad . 
  but they were ultimately responsible for murders of millions . 
  lately there have been too many funny german posts here . 
  my worldview is crumbling . 
  a master race even . 
  rather than building a tunnel to p\u00e4ij\u00e4nne it would have been much cheaper to take water from lohjanj\u00e4rvi . 
  would utility users pick the more expensive option ? 
  water bills in small country like finland could not pay for construction of p\u00e4ij\u00e4nne water tunnel . 
  private companies are good at making profit in short term but no one wants to invest in projects that brake even after tens of years . 
  or people do n't care to read about holocaust . 
  just because you downvote an article does n't make you holocaust denier . 
  i upvoted because i 'm interested . 
  basically there is western finnish and eastern finnish . 
  finnish ranges from westernmost dialects south-western and ostrobothinan dialect to h\u00e4me dialect to savonian dialect to karelian dialect . 
  it is debatable whether karelian is finnish dialect or different language as some karelian dialects are not easily intelligible to most finns . 
  there was a myriad of different karelian dialects in the past but since most karelians were evacuated to finland in wwii they are n't used so much today . 
  also estonian is a finnish dialect , 
  one of the most ambitious titles in history of reddit . 
  dragonball z in german was the shit . 
  i watched it on the satellite even though i did n't understand german . 
  i still think this is the best opening : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4h0phtehnyy, 
  carl , i 'm a bit drunk and emotional . 
  i tried to call you but you would n't pick up . 
  i 'm heading there now . 
  i know you 're there carl . 
  do n't do this to me man . 
  u le mad ? 
  u frustrated bro ?
