there 's a book/movie about it called flags of our fathers ... 
  pretty good if you have the time !, 
  they did n't do anything bad , but if i remember correctly , they were just used for a lot of wartime propaganda stuff , and i guess that was n't easy on all of them . 
  they are already fed up with it . 
  just ca n't say anything for fear of being called a nazi . 
  it does n't . 
  it allows the us to project its military strength globally . 
  that 's the reason . 
   having a hard life is n't carte blanche to break the law or deserve sympathy . 
  if only more americans understood this !, 
  social issues would be so much more simple ... 
  i was going for a mixture like swedestan , not full on spanish . 
  that 's just spanish , not a mixture like swedestan . 
  united estados *, 
  i 'm always impressed when europeans know our history to this degree . 
  but there is a reason to keep everyone there . 
  that 's why we keep them there !, 
  this is n't a one way street that the us pays for just to keep europe safe . 
  it 's a mutually beneficial relationship . 
  europe does n't have to spend nearly as much on the military , and the us gets to project its military power on a global scale . 
  even with modern technology , the logistics of moving tens of thousands of troops across the world is no easy feat , especially when war technology would allow for much quicker destruction than the last time europe had a big war . 
  on the subject of what ? 
  i 've hardly seen a critical word on the subject of refugees yet , and any article about the refugee crisis has had the comment section disabled for `` hate speech '' . 
  that 's interesting ... that pelican feeding it 's young with blood is the louisiana state flag as well . 
  shit like this is the reason countries need nationalism . 
  it does n't have to be fascism or complete indifference , but if you do n't love your country and your shared way of life , who cares if it disappears ? 
  why would any government want to do that ? 
  i mean , i agree that a country should be able to say who comes in obviously , but when would an influx of doctors ever not benefit a country ? 
  to be able to move about the world freely ? 
  are you serious ? 
  absolutely . 
  you think your government should have the power to tell you when you can and ca n't leave , yet you think i 'm the unreasonable one ? 
  modern imperialism is the right to move to a new country to improve your life ? 
  seems legit . 
  if i could live anywhere in the world it would be austria . 
  every time i 've been there i 've loved every austrian i 've talked to . 
  maybe they just think it 's cool that an american can speak german , because it seems that way sometimes , but they all seem like genuinely awesome people . 
  or i could just be used to germans , and everyone else seems friendly in comparison ... 
  makes perfect sense in english as well honestly . 
  but why ? 
  who is just gon na invade russia ? 
  i think even though americans and brits/irishmen are so different , we probably have about the same level of difference as the brits/irish do to mainland europe . 
  i 'm mostly talking about the way people act . 
  brits and irish have seemed far more open to talk , have ideals less uniform with the rest of europe , and just generally seem closer to american culture than the rest of european countries . 
  i 've gotten along with pretty much all the people i 've met on my travels , from any country ... but the brits and irish generally seem most agreeable , and share the more similar views on life . 
  and yeah , the smoking thing was kind of shocking to me as well !, 
  i had the opposite experience . 
  moved to germany thinking that every country i would visit would be a whole new experience , but the differences were far smaller than expected . 
  of course every country has it 's unique traits , but the people were surprisingly similar to me . 
  especially the young ones . 
  i do feel that the uk and ireland stand out as different from the rest of europe though . 
  i do n't have a tv , but every radio station in this area says the same thing about everything refugee related . 
  i feel like the dozens of radio stations are a sufficient sample of what radio news in germany are like . 
  ok cool , thanks !, 
  i 'll check it out today . 
  sorry for my ignorance , but what is ndr and where can i listen to it ? 
  is that like the german version of npr ? 
  german media is a joke on the issue . 
  all i hear on the radio is pro refugee propaganda . 
  one radio station picks a refugee from a different bundesland every day to say their favorite thing about germany . 
  i have n't heard one critical word yet . 
  i think that may be his point . 
  western countries have evolved past this type of thinking , but the immigrants have not , and their religion will not allow them to do so anytime soon . 
  cultural ties you say ? 
  well let me tell you all about my irish family !, 
  well my great great granp ... ... 
  how is n't it ? 
  it was also on the radio this morning if that counts too . 
  ( i live in germany ), 
  that was what stuck out to me too . 
  throw on a gold crown and he 's pretty much how americans picture royalty . 
  [ been tried before with less than desirable results . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atf_gunwalking_scandal ), 
  also all gang violence , not just some random nutjob hitting people with an axe . 
  not that gang violence is ok , but your everyday citizen does n't generally have to worry about being a victim of that type of violence . 
  i can assure you that a waiter/waitress that is good at their job make far more than minimum wage . 
  i know the people on this sub hate to hear it but it 's absolutely true . 
  i mean , one of our presidential candidates is under investigation and the other is trump . 
  what in the fuck . 
   350,000,000 people who suck and at football . 
  340,000,000 people that do n't give a shit about soccer , ftfy . 
  every european country has a higher number of people that love soccer than america does , regardless of our population . 
  yeah , just like everyone else here i 've been questioned pretty much everywhere i 've been in the world . 
  even in nz i was forced to buy a second return ticket because shitty china air did n't give me any verification email for the first ticket i bought . 
  i have n't lived in the us for the past 3 years . 
  most american girls have never seen an uncircumcised penis in real life , so i 'm not talking about them . 
  and no , you would n't notice it , because you 'd have had it your entire life and you would n't know the difference . 
  that 's my whole point here . 
  you can see dicks through pants ? 
  not to mention most every girl i 've ever heard talk about it prefers circumcised over uncircumcised . 
   it 's entirely unnecessary . 
  i would n't even disagree with that . 
  i just do n't understand why people on reddit get so fired up about it when there are really no consequences , positive or negative . 
  ok , but what real reason do you have to regret having it done to you ? 
  what issues has it caused you in your life ? 
  it 's not that i do n't understand people being against it , because i do ... 
  i just do n't understand why people think it 's such an insane thing considering it has no effect on our lives . 
  i 've heard people compare it to female circumcision , and that leads me to believe that a lot of people that are strongly against it do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  i 'm curious to hear from someone that 's circumcised as to why you 'd be so against it . 
  hey that 's a good point , since public executions and something that affects someones life in no noticeable way are very similar .
