  how did you manage to get such fine-grained data in apparently all of europe on so many questions ? 
  it 's not cheap to run polls like that . 
  yep , wto tariffs aka economic catastrophe ( for the uk and to a lesser extent for the eu ) . 
  they ca n't decide to place no tariffs on eu food imports unless they also place no tariffs on * all * food imports , because of wto rules . 
  so unless the uk is also going to leave the wto ... 
  what does it show , that french politicians are more corrupt , or that corruption gets swept under the rug in the uk ... ? 
  right . 
  can you imagine a country negotiating a free trade deal with florida directly ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  we 're not at that level in the eu ( yet ? ), 
  but what you 're describing would basically be throwing all the eu treaties in the trash . 
  not going to happen . 
  this is literally an article about how france and germany are pooling military resources together . 
  `` at odds '' , right . 
  given how biased the title is , i would n't even be surprised if that 's what the advisor in question actually said ( remove them from the list until the procedure is done properly again , you know , due process , presumption of innocence and all that ) , but they just truncated that to make it sound different . 
   hamas should be removed from the eu 's terrorism blacklist , a ** top european court of justice ( ecj ) _ advisor _ ** has recommended . 
   [ ... ]  discussing thursday 's recommendation , israeli foreign ministry spokesman emmanuel nahshon said : `` this is only a [ legal ] opinion which is not binding on the court and is part of the european judicial process . 
  not `` eu court '' , an advisor to a eu court ... 
  there 's more to the eu than free trade or schengen . 
  case in point : this very thread . 
  i 've been paying the same 20 $ / month for quite a few years now , yes . 
  this is for unlimited calls and text + 5gb of data + limited free roaming in europe + unlimited calls to european landlines + ... 
  unless all the operators decide to do it at the same time ( which would be against every competition law ever ) , no they wo n't . 
  up your tariffs by 5 $ a month ? 
  watch as everyone flocks to all the other operators . 
  i do n't know how it is in the rest of the eu , but here i can switch operators in a couple of weeks , keeping the same phone number , for free and very little hassle ( i should know , i did it twice in the past year ) . 
  if i somehow got lulled into a yearly contract ( why would i ?! ), 
  and they change their prices , i can get out of it for free too and change operators under the same conditions . 
  it 's literally in the title dumbass . 
  explain how i will be paying for it in a way that i 'm not already paying now . 
  do you even know how the eu adhesion process works ? 
  it takes several years . 
  it took 12 years between romania 's application and its entry in the eu . 
  if you claim to know the ramifications of brexit ( i guess this is what you have in mind ) in 2028 , you 're deluded . 
  right . 
  maybe if you count in gbp . 
  too bad the gbp badly dropped after the referendum and still has n't recovered . 
  another reason why this map is garbage ... 
  every big country , really . 
  the average temperature in marseille ( city in the south of france ) is 15,5 \u00b0 c , in lille ( city in the north ) it 's 10,8 \u00b0 c. . . 
  the whole map is ridiculous . 
  what do you mean , `` best '' ? 
  best for whom ? 
  incertainty is no good for anyone . 
  the uk will leave , you 'd be stupid to just `` assume '' it 's not going to happen unless they make a formal declaration . 
  people need to prepare for it , it 's not something that can happen by snapping your fingers ... 
  if people are idiotic enough to put their heads through the window of a train car moving at high speed , let them . 
  should n't prevent the hundreds of other passengers from not burning up . 
  also it 's been a while since i 've been in the paris metro but iirc the windows are really high up and quite narrow , you 'd have to try quite hard to put your head through them . 
  if you 're going to such lengths to do something stupid nothing will stop you from hurting yourself ... 
  yes , if the doors do n't close properly the train wo n't start . 
  i guess you 're referring to the grandma image or the magician image ? 
  it 's a joke , it could n't happen in real life ( though getting your arm stuck in a door is not a pleasant experience , they 're quite brutal ) . 
  a dog leash is n't thick enough to block the doors though ... 
  why should n't they ? 
   absolutely , arxiv is great for say phd students it 's great for everyone . 
  my advisor is one of the world 's top expert on his particular field of interest , guess where he puts his preprints ? 
  in math at least , everyone puts their preprints on arxiv . 
  everyone . 
  and this is n't good just for phd students . 
  say you want to access a paper referenced by another paper you 're reading . 
  blast !, 
  your university does n't subscribe to that journal !, 
  but who cares , it 's also on the arxiv so you can just read that , all the while knowing that it was accepted to such or such journal . 
  that 's the main interest of the arxiv . 
   it is not , on its own , a viable sole publishing place like many people seem to think . 
  no one that i know thinks that . 
  it 's just a way of 1 / putting your work out there while it 's being reviewed and 2 / putting it in a freely accessible place even if you submit it to a paywalled journal . 
  this is n't a decision that will affect publishers . 
  there are n't any details on how it will work precisely , but i imagine something similar to e.g. 
  what the nih is doing : you can submit to any journal you like , but you must also upload your final paper to some national ( in this case , european i guess ) repository that 's freely accessible . 
  some journal does n't like it ? 
  you ca n't submit to that journal if you want the funds . 
  so now the publishers have two choices : either their policies prevent that kind of preprint archiving , in which case they can say `` bye-bye '' to any eu-funded researchers , or their policies allow this . 
  which option do you think they 're going to choose , and do you think the publisher being american will have any bearing on the decision ? 
  especially since , as another commenter pointed out , similar things are being set up in the us . 
  what do you think ... ? 
  the european union , and more precisely the competitiveness council , an organization inside the council of the european union . 
  i guess you similarly complain about unclear headlines such as `` america announces a new tax '' ( who is this america we 're speaking about ?!!! ), 
  or `` the government announces a new reform '' ( the government is n't a person it ca n't speak duh ) . 
  you must lead a very hard life if this kind of statements confuses you . 
   they organize peer reviews they do n't even do that , the ( unpaid ) scientific editors do !, 
  they just appoint an editor-in-chief and let him/her handle everything . 
  they provide the value of holding the copyright , duh . 
  that 's a tough job that the author ca n't handle . 
  now but seriously setting up servers and so on takes time and money , dois cost money too , but this does n't add up to anywhere near the amount they manage to wring out of universities . 
  i believe big scientific publishers have profit margins on the order of 40-50 % ... 
  you do n't have to accept everything you see on the arxiv as absolute truth . 
  it 's just a way of letting everyone access the paper . 
  it will go through peer review after being published on arxiv , and then the author will add the journal ref on arxiv so that you see that it 's been peer reviewed and published in such or such journal . 
  if you see something that 's only a preprint and has never been published then you can take it with a grain of salt . 
  it depends on the publishers . 
  there 's a variety of possible restrictions . 
  examples include : * no version of the article can have appeared online before or ever after , the publisher has a complete monopoly on distributing the article * you can publish a draft ( pre-refereeing ) on your personal website and/or some preprint repository * you can publish the final version of the article ( after peer review ) on your personal website and/or some preprint repository , possibly after some `` embargo '' time ( a few years ) * you can publish a draft and the final version anywhere you like * etc. 
  and so on . 
  it 's not always easy to know what 's allowed and what 's not . 
  there are tools like [ sherpa/romeo ] ( http://www.sherpa.ac.uk/romeo/index.php ) to help you know some publisher 's policy . 
   in certain fields you recognize people reviewing your paper just by how they write . 
  so your job is basically to mail and convince them during their review . 
  you receive the reviews at the same time as the editor 's decision so i do n't understand wtf you 're talking about .
