  have you ever gone through the process of publishing an academic paper ? 
  what you 're describing is n't really possible . 
  maybe if the reviewers suggest major revisions , the editor agrees , and you 're 100 % sure that the editor is going to choose the same reviewers when you resubmit . 
  and i 'm relatively sure that most reviewers would be appalled to receive an author 's email in this situation and would promptly inform the editor . 
  you put the preprint on the preprint repository , and once it 's peer-reviewed you indicate that fact in the preprint repository . 
  the preprint is available faster , freely , and is still peer-reviewed . 
  if you see a preprint that has n't been published yet you take it with a grain a salt like any non-peer-reviewed publication . 
  i fail to see any drawbacks . 
  i know , i 'm in math and it 's the same . 
  peer reviewers can refuse without any backlash if they want , hence `` volunteer '' . 
  and peer reviewers being paid is extremely rare , as far as i know . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i do n't see why that would follow . 
  i said it elsewhere :  look at what the nih is doing : nih-funded researchers can submit to any journals they like , but they also enter their papers into a national database that anyone can access . 
  of course journals can decide to refuse articles that can be accessed like this , but what are they going to do , cut themselves off from the research of every single eu-funded researcher ? 
  this is one instance where having a european-wide policy is beneficial , it gives a ton more bargaining power . 
  in this case if the eu unilaterally decided to implement this policy tomorrow , most publishers would be forced to follow suit ... 
  there are other ways . 
  look at what the nih is doing : nih-funded researchers can submit to any journals they like , but they also enter their papers into a national database that anyone can access . 
  of course journals can decide to refuse articles that can be accessed like this , but what are they going to do , cut themselves off from the research of every single eu-funded researcher ? 
  this is one instance where having a european-wide policy is beneficial , it gives a ton more bargaining power . 
  in this case if the eu unilaterally decided to implement this policy tomorrow , most publishers would be forced to follow suit ... 
  in math this sort of practice is already prevalent : you can submit to any journal you like , but before that you put your paper on arxiv , a freely-accessed preprint repository . 
  of course some publishers do n't like this and refuse articles that are on such preprint repositories , but nowadays most researchers put their papers on arxiv first and only then start thinking about what journal to submit to ... 
  so now almost all publishers allow this practice . 
  poor publishers !, 
  they wo n't be able to maintain egregious margins off of volunteer work anymore !, 
  let me outline the steps of scientific publishing for you , in case you do n't know : * scientists write a paper * they submit it to a journal * the editor ( unpaid volunteer ) sends it to peer reviewers * reviewers ( unpaid volunteers ) review the paper and advise the editor on whether to publish it * the editor ( remember , unpaid volunteer ) accepts the paper * now the path fork : * traditionally , at this point the authors hand over the article 's copyright to the publisher . 
  the publisher publishes the article , and sells it to the journal 's subscribers . 
  none of the profits go to the authors , the editor , or the reviewers . 
  * or the journal is `` open access '' , and then the authors hand over the copyright * and pays the publisher * for the privilege of doing so . 
  then the publishers distribute the electronic version of the article freely , and sells printed version of the journal . 
  none of the profits go to the authors , the editor , or the reviewers . 
  now , maybe you do n't see anything wrong with this picture . 
  and yet everyone understands what the title is about . 
  other people have already explained that scientists make zero money from published papers , and sometimes even have to pay to get them published . 
  now let me add that scientists at large are extremely happy about this move . 
  there is nothing more frustrating than finding a reference in some paper you 're reading , looking it up , and realizing that it 's in a journal your university does n't subscribe to . 
  believe it or not , scientists are proud of their work and would show it to everyone if they could . 
   do you know that most journals make researchers pay to publish their articles ? 
  no , that 's not true . 
  it 's heavily dependent on the field , what kind of journal you submit to ... 
  in math , nobody pays to publish . 
  but as far as i know , there is n't a single researcher who makes money off published articles . 
   the conseil d'\u00c9tat was against the burqa law in 2004 . 
  but oh , we still got it . 
  not so unconstitutional i guess . 
  too bad you continued to comment and dug yourself into a hole . 
  ( also , let me repeat what the other commenter said : changing the constitution just to ban burkinis ? 
  you 're deluded . ), 
  reread what you 've written . 
  you wrote :  its quiet easy to speak like this when your state has n't been attacked more then once it 's rather clear that this means `` if your state had been attacked more than once , then you would think differently , i.e. 
  like me '' . 
  how about you inform yourself then ... ? 
  the burkini was n't banned on the same grounds . 
  do you even know how a burkini looks like ? 
  it does n't even cover the face !, 
  how could it have been banned on the same grounds ? 
  if i were you i would refrain from commenting on issues i know nothing about ... 
  seriously , wtf ? 
   so not sure why my view matters here . 
  you wrote :  i assume this ruling would also undo the burqua ban itself so there would be enough support to change the constitution if needed . 
  i 'm explaining to you that this is misguided . 
  your new comment is basically just as misguided , so let me elaborate . 
  there is no `` blanket burqa ban '' . 
  stop thinking that . 
  there is a ban on hiding one 's face in the public space . 
  a burqa covers the face , so it falls under this law , but so does a ski mask . 
  this is a completely different law from `` you can not wear religious attire on the beach because france has recently been the target of terror attacks '' ( this was written like this in the decree ! ) . 
  ca n't you see the difference , and why the first might be compliant with the constitution but not the second one ? 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  the conseil d'\u00e9tat is the only competent court to rule for cases of `` exc\u00e8s de pouvoir '' ( abuse of power , i guess ) for the decrees of local administrations , here a municipal decree . 
  this includes checking whether these decrees are compliant with the constitution . 
  the constitutional council ( which i 'm pretty sure is what you meant by `` a constitutional court '' ) only judges the constitutionality for the laws passed by the parliament , as well as some decrees made by the president/government or the conseil d'\u00e9tat . 
   did n't know nice was a ` town ' . 
  it 's a medium-sized city . 
  holy shit talk about pedantry . 
  do you think you have more legitimacy because you 're french ? 
  i 'm french and i find that a law that 's basically `` you ca n't wear religious attire to the beach '' is ridiculous . 
  you seriously do n't see a difference between `` you need to show your face in the public space '' and `` you ca n't wear religious attire to the beach '' ? 
  are you seriously suggesting that any politician ( that has any chance of getting elected ) is going to propose a new constitution just to be able to ban burkinis ? 
  are you completely delusional ? 
  did you even read the title ( let alone the article ) ? 
  a few cities banned the burkini , a local court upheld it , but a national court ( and not any court , it 's the highest administrative court and just one step below the country 's highest court ) struck it down . 
  after this there will never be a national ban . 
  this is the absolute worst case scenario obviously ... but even reducing spending by a few percents could be detrimental , you do n't have to be at either extreme end of the scale . 
  the attack in munich was perpetrated by a guy who was proud of being `` super-aryan '' because he was born on the same day as hitler . 
  does that sound sane to you ? 
  the whole interview is ridiculous , too . 
   dr : no , terrorists are not typically mentally ill .  fr24 : what about the nice attacker , who was psychologically unstable according to reports ? 
   dr : he 's an exception . 
   fr24 : and the attacker in ansbach had spent time in a psychiatric hospital . 
   dr : well what can you do , daech recruits from fragile people . 
  fta :  the european commission started an antitrust investigation into sky tv 's contracts with 6 major film studios around the world last july . 
  besides paramount pictures , the eu is also investigating disney , nbcuniversal , sony , twentieth century fox and warner bros for breaching eu competition rules with geoblocking . 
  the title makes it sound like paramount were doing it out of the goodness of their heart ... 
   aka ; blame the eu for things we fucked up with to distract attention . 
  you just described every single uk politician for the past decades . 
  see what happened . 
  that 's exactly what the ecb does .
