this is just the cherry on the top for them . 
  they want to get as many muslims into europe as possible , and it works fine . 
  they want the flow to continue , do n't you see it ? 
  lmao this really is what came to my mind at first too, 
  the great thing is , there are so many educated and really specialized people in eastern europe and the balkans , that even studied in germany , yet they send them away to get idiotic people in who only know the way of aggression and voilence . . this is ridiculous . . 
  bavaria is n't germany tho, 
  i 'm sorry , but what would you do ? 
  as soon as they cross the border shoot them in the head . 
  they do n't seem to be unwanted when you listen to most people . 
  do n't take the stuff that our politicians say serious , they ca n't even sort their own shit out . 
  could very well be a possibility , yes, 
  we will become fucking poor anyways , either we make us poor ourselves or the migrants will do that for us . 
  many people in germany are barely able to survive too , especially with the constantly rising cost of living . 
  because it is unacceptable . 
  nobody knows what our politicians think , or even if they do . 
  at the moment the prices for land skyrocket tho , that is why we consider selling it and invest in houses . 
  i know , thanks america, 
  this wo n't happen , they already do n't have enough food anymore . 
  we 're takin ' the refugees to isengard, 
  maybe my family should n't sell our farm land after all, 
  `` end ? 
  end , you say ? 
  master merkel-wan , not the end . 
  the shroud of the balkans has fallen . 
  begun , the migrant war has . '', 
  - yoda, 
  for every 1-5 million that enter europe each year there are 80 million new people born in the states from where the `` refugees '' come from . 
  taking them in does n't change anything , they will come until we are poor and they do n't get anything anymore , it will only get worse from now . 
  i did n't know we 're murica, 
  i hate turks . 
  the german politicians play with their own people the most tho . 
  our government is faking the statistic . 
  they put young people in `` measures '' where you are technically get a work contract and do internships for ridiculous low amounts of money that you get from the government . 
  this way the people that have to do this do n't show up in the statistics and they can keep the unemployment number low . 
  i did n't do any of this , i do n't feel guilt . 
  especially not when it comes to arabs . 
  they must have missed me then haha, 
  why would our society feel guilty ? 
  i should have put a / s there, 
  oh yes i see , germany really is such a rich country, 
  white men are minorities these days tho . 
  because they 're hypocrites, 
  nothing, 
  you could search up big cities and sort out by how many different mexican restaurants the city has to offer, 
  we have mexican restaurants, 
  you could really notice that more and more mexicans come to germany tho . 
  but in the end , there are way more coming to us than ever , from pretty much every nationality on the planet . 
  our media even said themselves multiple times that they have to report the things that are wanted from the government and leave out the stuff that could hurt them . 
  they basically said they 're only reporting bullshit , i ca n't understand how people still fail to understand that . 
  german politicians complain about polish media , inb4 we have the number 1 dictatorship media in all of europe . 
  he 's right tho . 
  good that there are n't many of them, 
  it becomes more widespread tho . 
  that is probably a good reason too . 
  it is . 
  the upped prices shall prevent these things from happening . 
  in the heads of the police at least . . in reality , not so much . 
  most people think they will behave differently , because they experienced terrible things and now they do n't have to anymore . 
  the exact opposite is happening tho . 
  i wo n't see women as my property , ever . 
  they 're not `` our '' females . 
  and the problem is that most of these people attack in groups . 
  not 2 , not 3 , but groups of 5-10 . they 're tiny and weak , but 1 vs 10 is not something you can easily pull of , even when your enemies are only like 1,60 m tall . 
  there are no benefits . 
  only for the rich fucks to become even richer . 
  i do n't give any shits about stuff being halal . 
  germany is n't big either . 
  i 'm not big on turkish food . 
  i 'm that currywurst kind of guy . 
  i do n't even understand why everyone is in fear of migration these days . 
  we have so many of them in our countries already , most cities look like istanbul these days . 
  it 's too late to care . 
  put them on court for no reason and then knot them on the gibbet ? 
  most people are die hard for everything they believe these days . 
  i do n't really care for these things as long as they do n't brabble about it 24/7, 
  lmao, 
  i really begin to understand why back in the day nobody really talked about what party they vote for and all that . 
  refugees already found ex-isis terrorists working in a bakery and stuff like that here in germany . 
  they sure come , but most of them are people that killed enough people to fulfill their sick needs and now want to live in peace again . 
  why is n't this a thing where most people get like 3287482747862478 kids each ? 
  maybe you should go to turkey then . 
  so it is better to put every reporter in jail that says something you do n't approve ? 
  but yet , many people who never comment took place in this survey . 
  which is a good thing . 
  how is it even possible for merkel to get more like votes than cameron ? 
  same in germany, 
  they are n't supporting isis tho, 
  islam is n't compatible , turkey has a muslim freak at reign , therefore we are n't compatible with turks . 
  you 're welcome, 
  they will come to us anyways , it does n't matter if it is now or in a few years . 
  and i bet many turks will too . 
  lmao good one , i 'm glad i did n't really google that tho , i 'd be disturbed for life . 
  hosting the people that had to flee from war to use them as a weapon against the european union meanwhile you want to want to pretend that you belong to europe is kind if idiotic tho . 
  and it 's not even only that . 
  shooting down russian bombers that fight isis , buying oil from isis and i bet there are even more things to it . 
  i do n't want to discuss political things anymore tho , i 'm fed up with this . 
  i wo n't change anything anyways . 
  you do n't need arguments here , turkey is not european . 
  a country that 's threatening european countries to send them millions of immigrants , that 's what it is . 
  yea , european conflicts like the one with pkk and all that .
