  csu needs to split up and candidate in every federal state . 
  and btw , the shitposters are n't wrong , sadly . 
  this ^ you said it better than me, 
  anyone from the csu is better than 99 % of the other parties politicians, 
  yea , i have seen multiple videos that show otherwise . 
  yea , for homophobic people muslim dudes kiss each other pretty often . 
  turkey is asian . 
  talking from experience ? 
  turkey is not european . 
  sadly, 
  but these people have internet , is is really the only thing that they do all day long with their phones . 
  they could just google stuff like `` how is it to be a immigrant in germany '' or something and they would see that it clearly is not like the people told them . 
  there are other reasons for that tho , mainly the fact that schools buy the book to use it for educational purposes in the sense of showing them how sick hitler really was . 
  and there were just 3500 books made in the first batch , so it seems like there are n't many sells needed to get into the bestseller list . 
  but then on the other hand , who would believe it when someone tells you from a land where you get everything you want for free ? 
  i would n't believe that if i was them . 
  probably not ye, 
  sorry but when they believe stuff like that without asking any questions i have made my decision about them already . 
  that is very true . 
  even if it was like that , they are n't western people . 
  that just shows how they think . . 
  maybe because a picture like that really is one of a kind, 
  i wonder how they will act when they understand that with the mass migration they will bring conflicts into this country too . 
  and at this point they wo n't be safe here either . 
  nobody guaranteed them anything . 
  especially no beautiful car , a house and a first class job . 
  yea no thanks , i liked it how it was , or kind of still is . 
  it 's basically just myths i think , but studies like that really made it after 1945 in the us . 
  it 's crazy to read them . 
  the `` hooton plan '' for example . 
  even tho this really is extreme tinfoil hat terretory it 's still fun to read . 
  you just got a taste of how idiotic some germans are . 
  goddamn , that looks like palpatine, 
  if they come from a shit hole , why do n't they especially act good towards everyone here ? 
  being demanding while you get money , food , a warm place to sleep and healthcare is n't enough , or what ? 
  they can be glad , i have to pay for my healthcare myself because i have n't found a job yet , this shit is friggin expensive . 
  and these people spit on all of this like it 's nothing , like they deserve more . 
  they think they 're some kind of king here , i want to see their faces when they realize that really nobody cares for them . 
  this is like being invited from a friend who 's giving you something to eat , water and a warm bed and you throw it on the floor , piss on the bed and demand a first class hotel room . 
  it 's nuts . 
  everyone gives a shit , more than i have ever experienced . 
  it looks like it . 
  so many other politicians try to bring merkel to the point were she at least does something , but she does n't do shit . 
  it seems like the current happenings are what she wanted , because if she did n't she 'd do something against it . 
  will do e : i have to agree with you on that on . 
  the question really is who would do this and who would benefit from it . 
  there were multiple `` studies '' about destroying the german race by mashing them up with other `` races '' from the planet , this seems like the best way now . 
  even tho i think that this theory is very , very vague , it still could be a possibility . 
  sometimes the most ridiculous things you can imagine can be true . 
  then there is a possibility that someone wants to destabilize europe in its heart and when it is that it really seems to work . 
  there are many other things that could benefit from all these things , but apparently either way it will suck for germans . 
  we do have that too , as you see . 
  i still do n't want to be named with idiots like that . 
  and with nazis the left wing extremists are n't far . 
  you will be in between of burning cars and crazy idiots in no time if you do n't watch out . 
  this gets into a kind of tinfoil hat area , but there are many reasons why this could be happening , at apparently the ones that our government tries to tell us is n't right , so one of the conspiracies could be very true . 
  sure they are , have n't you seen them protesting . . they 're screaming like the npd . 
  i wish there was just one party with normal people that can actually think about the future . 
  everybody knows why , but the fear let 's them hope otherwise . 
  sadly anything that is even remotely conservative in germany is taken over with nazi shitters . 
  most germans do n't associate with merkel anyways . 
  this woman has gone mental . 
  he 's right tho , we are passive aggressive, 
  everybody realizes that , we have had muslims here for decades already , do n't forget that . 
  and it clearly is n't working . 
  lol , it 's not like anyone here really invited them . 
  maybe their families who said them stuff like `` you get a house , a car , a nice job and all you can imagine for free in germany '' . 
  but that did n't come from germans , i guarantee you that . 
  because they export the most idiotic people to germany , so someone else has the problem . 
  when you have to pay 50 $ for a 16k internet connection that actually only delivers 8k most of the time i do n't think that this is like everybody . 
  when i see 200k fiber in other countries that are n't called `` rich '' it 's kind of funny to me . 
  but hey , now we now from where the `` wealth '' is coming , i guess . 
  i 'm sitting here , paying 50 f ` cking $ uro for a 16k internet which i mostly only get 8k from delivered to my actual house , because the lines must be from ww2 or something . 
  it 's funny how a country like germany , that is known to be rich and advanced is having such a utterly shit internet network . 
  i would n't take them either if somehow the `` leader '' of a different country said the stuff merkel did . 
  actually germany has shittier internet than most of the world , including third world countries, 
  i think he mainly talked about poland and such countries that take absolutely non, 
  even romania has better internet than us germans , that is pathetic ... 
  maybe , ye, 
  i am not . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to give refugees 500 $ when they go to a refugee camp and let themselves register , this is madness . 
  the dude that they shot dead in france for example registered himself in 7 different camps under different names , therefore he got 3,500 $ just for that . 
  normally i do n't care that much for the money question , but when other refugees here these stories they will do the same . 
  what will you do when there are entering multiple million refugees germany every year ? 
  when germany has no money and space anymore they will flood other european countries like a disease . 
  this wo n't end good . 
  they will come here anyway . 
  germany just has to change the law so government aid is only for germans and then do every sanction possible against turkey . 
  when you decide to go to the islamic state , so convert in a sence , they are n't natives anymore , they are people from isis that are trying to enter your country . 
  oh , thanks , i did n't know that, 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  you know , back then i thought the `` hooton plan '' was only for germany , now i think it 's something against all europeans . 
  i am over with that stuff , i keep my distance to religious people all in all . 
  it 's like european countries do their best to stop everyone who 's trying to make the crisis and war stop . 
  how are there only 98 % in britain ? 
  you can find indoctrination in all of them . 
  i 'm really over that stuff , especially debating over that topic . 
  i do n't even care what religion it is , i hate them all equally . 
  way to expensive, 
  if there is something like a `` how to cross boarders illegally '' they 're probably posting on it .
