  the majority of even our politicians has a completely different opinion than merkel . 
  maybe that 's the reason why . 
  it 's not us run companies only , even vw is not paying the full amount and that is what pisses me of . 
  the normal people have to pay everything with their money , seeing their money getting wasted for unnecessary crap by our government and then you see that the biggest companies that have the most money do n't pay any depts . 
  it would n't surprise me if some day everyone is trying to evade taxes . 
  i think it 's more from where they are . 
  being raised in ghettos does n't have a good possible outcome , and sadly this is what 's happening in europe too . 
  in germany we have already ghettos that the police wo n't enter , they implemented their own rules there and what not . 
  the world needs good anti ghetto/gang policies , but everyone is acting like these things are no problem . . 
  sadly . 
  pretty much every world wide brand . 
  even vw is n't paying the full amount even tho it 's the most german brand that we have . 
  why are there so many criminals in the us then ? 
  yes , let 's all act surprised . 
  sounds fantastic, 
  nobody will follow those rules anyways , i do n't know why they even bother with that . 
  maybe they should start paying taxes first . 
  we have many greek restaurants here, 
  it 's too late anyways, 
  maybe the old people . 
  they prefer beaches , so they can wear sandals with white socks . 
  kampenwand at the chiemsee is pretty nice and there are many other options in bavaria, 
  i prefer my cold rainy woods and snowie mountains in germany for my holidays haha, 
  what if i told you just because i 'm german does n't mean i approve the things that our politicians do ? 
  other governments at least have their immigration politics right . 
  eu is a disaster, 
  why would germany even want to have anything to do with greece . 
  there is something to celebrate this year ? 
  i did n't know . 
  i knew you 'll get rude pretty quick , but did n't think it will be that fast . 
  it 's not my problem that international media has the wrong numbers , it is how it is . 
  in regards of numbers i can only say what i have seen in the media . 
  believe what you want , i 'm out of here now . 
  i ca n't stand this topic anymore . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/fluechtlinge-in-deutschland-millionen-marke-ueberschritten-a-1070050.html http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/50-der-sogenannten-fluechtlinge-pressekonferenz-im-live-ticker-kommentar_id_6989670.html the 1,1 million is official for a long time now and nobody knows the real amount of the unregistered ones , because how will you count them ? 
  there are millions of them tho . 
  and btw , people that use wikipedia as a source of valiable information ... 
  i have no words anymore . 
  do n't you know how to use google ? 
  i know that integrating is the only way , but after i have had to do with muslims for my whole 23 years of life now i am pretty sure that it will never happen . 
  the people do n't want to integrate , and most importantly the german government is to dumb to learn from other countries that had mass immigration happen to them , and at least use some of their tips and solutions . 
  there is no good outcome to this , i will guarantee you that . 
  many different respectable german news sites have thrown out that number . 
  the problem is that muslims try everything to keep their daughters away from germans and some of them even killed their daughters after they had sex with a german dude to `` restore their families honor '' or some crap like that . 
  i do n't say this lightly , these people are preventing themselves from being integrated and they should be thrown out . 
  another thing that 's happening right now that happened to america aswell is that they change the language to their favor , kind of say everything wrong and what not . 
  pretty much every german kid that has to be around them , even if it 's just in school every day will actually adapt this style of speaking . 
  i hope that syrians are n't like most turks . 
  at the moment i 'm really hoping for some immigration from other countries all around the world so there wo n't be any more ghettos and the criminality can be helt relatively low . 
  this number was reached already . 
  sure thing . 
  they are still way to many . 
  the problem with distribution is that they will come back anyways , they will go where other muslims are and sadly that will be germany and sweden . 
  good to know . 
  sorry , i have never seen that before . 
  the problem is that we have millions of muslims in the country already and many many many people have bad experiences with them . 
  you can count me to those people . 
  i would love a variety of people from the world in germany , especially asian and american people , because this way there would n't be such a high risk of forming ghettos . 
  but sadly it is already to late , there are already ghettos where the police wo n't enter , because these people are to aggressive . 
  and please do n't try to say that other people have the same aggression threshold , i experienced the opposite . 
  sure there are exeptions , but the majority that we have here does n't understand what respect and authority are . 
  but not 1 million registered and 1,5 million illegal people . 
  and the fact that they 're going through so many safe countries until they get here is blowing my mind . 
  i do n't know , all i can say is you get called a nazi pretty much every day . 
  you never know these days , normally everyone is serious with this . 
  could n't agree more with you , dude . 
  especially with the immigration politics . 
  i am sure the people in 1935 said way harsher things than i do . 
  i ca n't believe that turks are even voting for that incompetent gollum . 
  do n't worry , if anything our taxes would be raised to steal even more money from us . 
  denying makes nothing . 
  we have over a million immigrants with denied citizenship in germany and our politicians are n't bothering with that in any way . 
  for the longest time it was actually possible to just pretend to be sick and you would n't be thrown out of the country . 
  at least that changed now . 
  but only because they want to show other possible refugees that not everybody gets accepted . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  oh i 'm sorry that i care for my country . 
  the magic of indoctrination . 
  it is really baffling me that humans like this still exist . 
  this is like something straight out of the middle age . 
  he 's probably hitting her if she does n't . 
  yea like the old joke with the russian bomber , huh . 
  he actually is kind of right . 
  as long as it is unsure from which country the person came there is no country to send them back . 
  so i 'm not the only one who 's worried about immigration . 
  glad to see that . 
  german media really got you good , dude . 
  his masters degree is propably as fake as the syrian passes that mysteriously every refugee has these days . 
  they buy fake death thread isis letters too , they think they get accepted faster this way . 
  these people only have to go because of your country . 
  they will never do that . 
  germans have to pay for everyone and their grandmother it seems . 
  yea , that will teach them, 
  you do n't scream around in public , especially when you 're on the phone . 
  this should be common sense for everyone on earth , but apparently it 's not . 
  with erdogan they never will, 
  europe really is becoming ` murica 2.0, 
  i 'm not far right at all , it 's actually my fault that merkel can do all this right now . 
  i would never vote for the npd or some crap like that , just because i see what happens with poland etc. . maybe i 'm just sad and disappointed in myself and my pick , that would explain everything . 
  sure but still .
