  it looks like a `` how to get a german woman '' and not like a book that teaches you german . 
  what the hell is that . 
  nobody besides our politicians value them tho, 
  i was actually just looking at pictures of iceland and posted that j4f . 
  my decision was more based of the fantastic landscapes and nature that this country offers . 
  tripple h is the king of kings, 
  lmao just saw that , i 'll pick elvis tho, 
  maybe he did ? 
  nobody can prove that theres god so you ca n't prove me he did n't . 
  i should make a religion out of that actually . 
  i must move to iceland, 
  and i did n't say i want to live in albania , where 's the problem ? 
  nobody wants to live in such a country . 
  enlighten me , master . 
  no it wo n't , she does n't give a damn for what germans want . 
  you concider albania safe ? 
  really ? 
  we have the same stuff all year long . 
  still better than shipping food from america over the ocean to get it here . 
  snow is normal in the winter . 
  germany has stored more than enough food , i have friends that purposely store everything they harvested until the price is reasonably high . 
  you ca n't really survive otherwise anymore when you 're a farmer . 
  i want to live in a germany that is how it was 10 years ago . 
  our own agriculture is pretty good too . 
  germany produces more than they need and we even import some things from other countries . 
  this will go down when ttip is ready to go . 
  eastern europe , spain and other european countries will be even poorer . 
  i can sell my fields , make a million or two , and re-invest in houses with the money . 
  rent is going trough the roof anyways now that we have immigrants everywhere . 
  but i would have never thought , not even in my wildest dreams , that politics want to destroy their own agriculture . 
  even if it does n't , shipping food for thousands of kilometres instead of just growing our own crop is kind of ... meh . 
  it is already on it 's knees , this will just give it the last hit so we all have to eat genetically modified cancer food from the us . 
  oh i understand very well , you do n't because you do n't have to live with these people . 
  i want to live in a safe germany , my home , without 4000 immigrants in my little 1000 german citizen village . 
  and this is n't even a joke , this is reality now . 
  i feel like i 'm in istanbul . 
  and i definately do n't feel safe . 
  that 's baffling me now , should that mean the terrorists are n't that dumb after all ? 
  same here, 
  dat logic tho . 
  in these times it kind of is , for me at least . 
  stereotypes are not always true, 
  what makes you think that ? 
  what ? 
  that 's not surprising at all . 
  east germany = / = right wing extremists . 
  they will have fun there , i assume . 
  it is not . 
  actually i never had problems with other germans , really . 
  ca n't say that about immigrants . 
  they often try too `` solve '' problems with aggression and swearing instead of talking , it 's disgusting . 
  even the tiniest dispute ends up in a fight with these people . 
  sure there are enough german criminals , but that does n't justify importing more and more from other countries . 
  i do n't think they really leave these prisons in the first place . 
  ever . 
  oh do n't worry , they 're selling drugs too . 
  ye i know , it 's good that people get the right image of this country now tho . 
  as you just said , they backstabbed the people that voted for them , there is now democracy anymore until the next elections . 
  we have no democracy anymore . 
  it 's coordinated crime , we have many gangs in germany these days . 
  they actually kind of act like american street gangs . 
  most people actually think they agreed on not reporting , but one news site reported and everyone went nuts . 
  after that magically the other sites reported too . 
  it 's really sickening to see how sick of left and green people my country has become . 
  these people always think of the seemingly opressed when there are far worse problems around the corner . 
  this will not end good . 
  everybody can make mistakes , i think other people made way bigger mistakes than him and are now trying to put the fault on other people , so nobody is looking at them anymore . 
  that is what our politicians do . 
  all they will do is stealing our kids minimum wage jobs . 
  it is always like that , people do n't want to think about bad stuff that can or will happen , even tho it could be prevented if they would actually think about it sooner . 
  but hey , that 's how most humans are . 
  funny enough de maiziere is not able to do his job whatsoever . 
  blaming others for how they do their job when you ca n't even do your own job right is a little pathetic . 
  oh , we will adapt over time , you 'll see . 
  we will adapt very well . 
  how can you not be concerned after what 's happening everywhere in germany ? 
  i know , and i 'm one of the only guys that understand why this is how it has to be . 
  i have seen our police try to get these people under control , the police we have here is a joke to these people . 
  the only way to defend is by yourself these days . 
  no sane person would try to stop 100-1000 dudes harassing a woman when you 're alone . 
  these people are dumb and aggressive and there is a chance that they kill you . 
  source were 2 german news tv channels , ntv and tagesschau24 . 
  the software is made by bosch and they said many manufacturers bought it . 
  it would surprise me if it only was used in vw engines . 
  obviously they are , they should n't feel the need to fake anything otherwise . 
  i do n't care for vw , that brand is pure junk imho . 
  it 's just the biggest tax payer in my federal state . 
  and btw , bmw and mercedes cheated too , those tests have already happened . 
  has anyone tested american cars that are sold in germany anyways ? 
  would be fun imho . 
  comes down to the individual interpretation of course . 
  who said i ever spoke about large scale automotive ? 
  japanese manufacturers are the best in that . 
  would you want to work in a 10 hour job and still raise kids when you get home ? 
  i thought so . 
  ` nough said . 
  how can you think that when you contributed the best food , women and cars to the world ? 
  tell me more about germany being right, 
  only old people . 
  not germany , merkel .
