  the people will believe anything . 
  hey , they killed that army guy who fell asleep in north korea , am i right ? 
  just stopping by to confirm taking vitamins is bullshit and may even harm you . 
  me too . 
  playing fo1 & 2 unoptimized for a touchscreen is n't that fun . 
  i do n't know either , it 's gold . 
  getting fat is the real price then , 
  qwertz , anyone :( ? 
  you will be 50000 days old on invalid date, 
  yup , this almost fits / r/forwardsfromgrandma / , just for its age :d, 
  this somehow reminds me of this ... 
  great work , then !, 
  been using the java applet for some time now , but i 'll switch to the html5 version !, 
  nice , thanks !, 
  the button , it does nothing !, 
  following your link https://www.google.com/#safe=off&amp;q=definition+of+creepy gives me :, 
  creepy, 
  definition, 
  creepy is an open source program written in python . 
  it reads the geo data of images posted on social networks and displays them on a map . 
  another worthy candidate for / r/quityourbullshit, 
  cool , have a look at this :, 
  a lot of americans here . . , 
  it 's online , so it 's true, 
  german here , can confirm . 
  learned nothing about it in school . 
  yup , same here . 
  we went to theresienstadt near prague . 
  me too . 
  he was badass . 
  ladies and gentlemen , sir winston churchill is on reddit, 
  yeah , same here . 
  people are complaining about my country as well . 
  what about making it a better place ? 
  or leave it , since everybody is free to go ? 
  here you go !, 
  / r/treessuckingatthings /, 
  caps, 
  yup , that 's / r/mildlyinfuriating, 
  looks like a tea clamp to me . 
  same here , / r/diwhy, 
  me too , recognised it as well . 
  reposts . 
  yep , same here in germany . 
  46 $ is quite some cash , but i 'll buy it anyway as soon it pops up somewhere . 
  i 'll go with philipp reis as the real inventor of the telephone . 
  he was even the first one who called the thing a telephone , 
  ... and wait for the delivery which is made just two times a month . 
  because copyrights . 
  the mug misses the game boy logo under the screen as well . 
  at least they removed the game boy right under the screen . 
  ... based on a raspberry pi, 
  definitely missing an integrated flashlight, 
  it 's the cottage, 
  yup . 
  my investigation of the pixels say it 's not perfect at all . 
  we have a number of banned topics . 
  please do n't submit any of the following :, 
  posts centred around number patterns , or round numbers . 
  this includes reddit karma , facebook likes , gas prices , odometers , receipts , etc. 
  wtf omg double egg omg post it to the instagrams !, 
  nice read . 
  i just watched a documentary about genetically modified food in the usa . 
  thank god the stuff is forbidden over here . 
  for sure !, 
  but do you have access to a pc which would be able to handle fallout packed with a motherload of mods ? 
  do you choose to play it on console ? 
  excuse me ? 
  that 's nice !, 
  i consider scanning / photograph my german version . 
  nudity . 
  yup , same here . 
  quite a common bug . 
  woah , that 's pretty damn okay-ish !, 
  `` international '', 
  that 's quite possible . 
  i 'm a console peasant tough . 
  something bad ... 
  ah , the classics . 
  love them . 
  people freak out when i show them what my german grandpa cut off off the allies . 
  i 'm still assuming it 's more than 50 percent shopped . 
  that was probably a joke . . 
  by ` it ' you mean an awful bugged game , right ? 
  seeing all of the deutsches museum will take a whole day ( or even more ) . 
  fallout shelter , case closed, 
  please give me one i chance ? 
  that 's eerie . 
  they become faster lately, 
  do n't forget to add a black and white filter !, 
  that 's pretty normal over here . 
  well , at least buried people with trees on top . 
  and it 's quite nice . 
  too bad i blocked buzzfeed :(, 
  no fallout comments ? 
  that 's odd . . 
  i 've never seen this before on reddit . 
  well , at least not this week . 
  wait , this is n't common knowledge ? 
  try it on mobile !,
