  is there any link to the video ? 
  so far i 've only seen video stills, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  nice username , btw, 
  number of osi layers times your ip, 
  another thread ? 
  huh , why does it want to save my email address ? 
  why does it want my email address ? 
  that 's weird indeed . 
  and i see someone grabbing her , too . 
  / thread, 
  this again ? 
  we can help you if you get us some ips , a gui with visual basic and nudes . 
  i remember this being two separate photos, 
  that trophy took long to archieve . 
  but hey , i got 100 % on nuka world dlc . 
  wrong thread , sorry !, 
  `` it 's quite a harsh torture but meh - i 've seen better '', 
  / r/waitasecond would love you , too, 
  that 's not a secretary , just sayin, 
  rest in peace , ian, 
  good idea . 
  be sure to apply diffie hellmann to the tcp stack, 
  stop telling the whole world our secrets !, 
  bad bot, 
  she does indeed :d thanks for sharing , btw !, 
  best i can do is $ 2, 
  aww , cat ears !, 
  woah , thats deeply reposted, 
  im in that sub but yeah - if he really closes it another sub will pop up . 
  no biggie :d, 
  awesome videos . 
  subbed !, 
  no , this is america, 
  maybe she can . 
  as a ghost . 
  while you 're pooping . 
  that 's diplomatic . 
  uff !, 
  i logged in , too . 
  give me my darknet ips, 
  none, 
  finally a picture of the american army , have n't seen one here in a while, 
  i can help you with this . 
  sweet !, 
  and look at that flying car !, 
  actually that 's a nice idea . 
  you also can give it to me btw , i 'm also a nice stranger . 
  why would you need 1tb of games at once ? 
  have you tried to partition it ? 
  yup , i actually like it . 
  i love both of you, 
  `` how to rip pads '', 
  you guys might like / r/randomactofcards, 
  to the people mentioning the consoles limitations : i do n't think so . 
  it\u00c4s most likely due to the engine . 
  imagine games like assasins creed : https://youtu.be/_n6nvlpbwyu?t=690, 
  giant city without loading screens , people and a lot of stuff going on . 
  no props for the ps3 's hardware specs . 
  good point . 
  whats wrong with older formats if they work just fine ? 
  stop reposting shit to promote your site . 
  are you going to rape me ? 
  i think its time for / r/idubbbz2, 
  did you get it to work ? 
  i 'm still struggling , any tip would be helpful :(, 
  did anyone got this to work on pstv : / ? 
  nope , it 's still there https://i.imgur.com/jsjdez2.jpg, 
  do you use your external drive as ux0 ? 
  deleted ux0 : tai , still no luck when refreshing the live area . 
  i 've read something about license files , do i have to download and put them somewhere ? 
  sure , i 've snapped some pictures here : https://imgur.com/a/qzbkl, 
  deleted that tai folder right after that . 
  thanks a ton in advance !, 
  thanks , just tried that . 
  but it did n't work : /, 
  thanks , 0mn0 proposed that , too . 
  deleted the folder , still not working : /, 
  thanks . 
  it 's still not working though . 
  i emptied the folder and replaced everything by your files . 
  i 'll try another game next . 
  hmm . 
  just three random games tetris ultimate ( pcse00521 ) ( nonpdrm ) , airship q pcsg00461 ( nonpdrm ) and shiren the wanderer pcse00845 ( nonpdrm ) . 
  all downloaded from this subreddit . 
  just tried them , none of the installs to the live area : /, 
  huh , what work.bin . . ? 
  should i take photos of the pstv 's folders ? 
  which do you need to see ? 
  shit , i thought these were illegal by now, 
  the games seem to have this file . 
  and people seem to have instaleld the dumps just fine . 
  what just came to my mind - i 've just bought the pstv , installed 3.60 , henkaku , then enso , then adrenaline . 
  it 's never been activated or signed to the psn , does that make any difference ? 
  yes !, 
  that worked !, 
  i could n't dismount the usb at 6. , so i just powered the pstv and removed the usb drive . 
  thanks , have your gold !, 
  op just puts random stuff to his side and spams this subreddit . 
  it sucks .
