  because emotions work the best, 
  do you mean ` lost ' as in ' i lost my burned copy and had to search for the game online and burned another one ' ? 
  did n't know about that , lol . 
  i 've got a copy from back in the days . 
  http://www.worldcat.org/title/plumbers-dont-wear-ties/oclc/35098488 hey , you can even rent a copy, 
  oh , that 's awesome to know . 
  not selling it though , i 'm a collector , 
  nsfl picture ? 
  where ? 
  btw , have a look at / r/popping, 
  amen . 
  is n't that ear debris some fake fluid , though ? 
  / r/techsupport, 
  run program to root, 
  done, 
  / r/hacking, 
  yeah , and his wealth is n't even proven historically . 
  i feel you , man . 
  those sites look awesome . 
  but finding information on them is tedious . 
  are you a masterhacker ? 
  only the us army matters . 
  it protects every country in need and brings freedom to the people . 
  how about not doing it like 20 years ago and chose a slightly more modern technique like a switchless mod ? 
  i miss / r/fatpeoplehate, 
  needs more grime, 
  lol , yeah . 
  for the love of god , source please, 
  come on , you use whatever you can get when building a tattoo machine in prison, 
  lol nais dude, 
  these are quite a lot, 
  ca n't argue with stupid, 
  i would like to help you , but i ca n't speak english :( best i can do is english with a thick german accent . 
  it went straight to my wallpaper folder, 
  woah , thanks for the gold !, 
  i do n't deserve it though , since you did the art !, 
  weird packages though, 
  op clearly is a int 1 build, 
  it says to do a simple search if your til has been posted before and if it hit front page . 
  that 's not too difficult i guess . 
  i 'm not the one who makes the rules : s, 
  damn , i need a vive !, 
  unfortunatly no . 
  most probably a mainstream anime . 
  found it by myself : third impact ( komm , s\u00fcsser tod ) , neon genesis evangelion, 
  found it by myself : third impact ( komm , s\u00fcsser tod ) , neon genesis evangelion, 
  found it by myself : third impact ( komm , s\u00fcsser tod ) , neon genesis evangelion, 
  that would be ... 
  logical, 
  psst , you 're angering / r/highqualitygifs, 
  everybody is a bot except you, 
  tip : wire one of the action buttons of the genesis game pad to `` up '' . 
  a lot of jump and runs use ` up ' for jumping . 
  a button is way more convenient than pressing up , 
  lol, 
  delete this, 
  yes, 
  reported, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  i see several swastikas, 
  might be a croissant, 
  you did n't revived it , you salvaged it for parts, 
  yup . 
  ... to pick up some mirabelle plums, 
  i 'm greeting all the fellow murricans downvoting reasonable posts in this sub and upvoting their justifications , 
  i would like to join , too !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  / r/tipofmyjoystick, 
  this is n't a vulgar thought , it 's a stupid idea . 
  almost el psy congroo, 
  no chance . 
  germany stronk . 
  france must go . 
  yay ? 
  this will never be released, 
  i do n't like what you did to the colors, 
  monkeys mating with crocodiles creating a swamp monster ... yeah . 
  * april fools !, 
  hahaha !, 
  they did n't . 
  i hate osu since / r/place, 
  / r/speedwobbles, 
  fake , a child can die only once . 
  if you do n't have that gear at hand and still want to help suffering people you do whatever you can . 
  everybody is an expert, 
  am i welcome ? 
  all i can do is fart , i 'm mute, 
  how many hours in mspaint ? 
  yes, 
  he kill ? 
  yes, 
  why is this reposted every week, 
  you 're welcome , i 'm a collector and just love home computers, 
  lol , yeah . 
  this would fuck up like everything technical . 
  no , sorry . 
  counting my stuff was long overdue . 
  it 's not . 
  you 're just trying to change history . 
  to be fair , this is pretty old,
