  i 'm jealous for their mall tough :(, 
  amazing how they failed to get the name cat wrong . 
  do n't forget about irish women , they are ugly as hell . 
  rice pudding ice cream . 
  unique taste , a bit chewey and unfortunately hard to come by . 
  it does not . 
  either op fell in love with that guy in the holidays or op is a lazy assassin, 
  ( or just write a story about a regular day in a redneck 's life ), 
  i wish for being friends with my greatest enemy . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  this is how you lose friends :(, 
  if that thing is ancient , wizards look like that burial statue, 
  or just report the post , 
  since reposts are against da ruleezzz . 
  `` please avoid reposting tils that have already made the front page in the past '', 
  i 'm going to save the gif , so i can repost it next month for $ $ $ karma $ $ $, 
  stop, 
  i like this one better , 
  mission accomplished . 
  i 'm wearing mine right now , does it count ? 
  that 's awesome news , thanks for sharing !, 
  i preodered the game in austria a weeks ago , just to be sure . 
  i still hope they call it `` die vault '' and not `` der vault '' , as in fallout shelter :(, 
  i hope we do n't get the freedom to get randomly shot by cops ^ ^ uh ^ ^ oh, 
  i 'm just leaving this here :, 
  / r/retiredgif, 
  mind if i join you ? 
  50,001 by now, 
  can confirm , those things are installed for years in germany . 
  i like them . 
  anything about the making process ? 
  or did she just uploaded a file and got the hoodie printed ? 
  do n't even try to make a point , americans love monsanto . 
  sometimes it feels like a cult , like they are brainwashed or something . 
  let the downvotes begin , 
  german version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2exa9f15zho, 
  they 're in every mcdonalds here in frankfurt and i 've seen them in cologne as well - so i assumed they 're just everywhere in germany . 
  my bad . 
  is bavaria considered to be a part of germany ? 
  just kidding , 
  lmao, 
  hahaha , you named your character `` fuck you '' #omg #lmao #edgy #im 14, 
  yup , and i 'm going down with pride , 
  free umlaut for everyone : \u00e4, 
  you do n't need to learn how to paint , since you can buy a printer and print stuff , right ? 
  noticed that , too . . 
  just kill everyone , because everyone could become a terrorist sooner or later . 
  i did n't make it . 
  german version , for the lazy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35hxeg2i6yc, 
  it 's a counter . 
  german here . 
  we are cautious about gmo 's . 
  we want food tested . 
  heavily tested . 
  a lot of american food ca n't be bought over here . 
  if you try to import it , it will get destroyed by customs . 
  i never tasted a real dr. pepper because of this . 
  back to the topic . 
  the medias over here like to link gmos to allergies . 
  weirdly true , but americans got a lot of allergies . 
  18 works for me , 
  rad !, 
  what 's so crappy about it ? 
  . . zero evidence ? 
  there 's a lot of evidence , but somehow people do n't manage to find it , 
  try harder , 
  nah , that would be futile . 
  i 've seen your post history , you 're quite a fanboy , are n't you ? 
  nah , you win . 
  just keep eating up , 
  see - you wo n't start to question whether it 's good to eat gmos and i wo n't stop questioning it . 
  we both eat our food , we 're both fine . 
  i 'm just a little bit cautious , since the usa got the most deaths by diabetes and a pretty low life expectancy at birth  i like to live long , you know . 
  german here , marzipan . 
  ca n't get enough of it . 
  that 's odd , since they say it in the game a few times . . 
  i 'm actually from europe and do n't want a fallout outside of america . 
  sure , a few hints about what happened to the rest of the world are nice , but a full blown game ? 
  since i 'm not playing in english the whole mt = empty joke did n't worked for me at all . 
  i 'm probably not able to say how the joke works for native speakers . 
  i do n't even know :(, 
  rekt, 
  the repost is strong in this one, 
  made my day, 
  it actually was . 
  probably it 's like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jelhr2ipuw0, 
  that 's a cf card . 
  it could be a sd card in a cf adapter at least , 
  i do n't like pop !, 
  figures . 
  uhm , kinda reminds me of cwc . . 
  ... and in futurama , 
  another `` gif : the movie '', 
  nice drawing tough !, 
  yes, 
  that 's okay , at least you did , 
  from left to right , from the top to the bottom . . works for me, 
  uh , yeah . 
  did n't noticed that :(, 
  yeah , that 's what i thought , too .
