  i live in one of that tourist places . 
  `` i 'm not a number ! '', 
  i barf at minecraft, 
  depends on where you live, 
  play it on pc, 
  wow , that video gave me cancer, 
  pretty easy , just update to the latest firmware, 
  at least op thought of a catchy title for his repost, 
  does this have english, 
  sweet !, 
  magick could be right, 
  warning , he 's a scammer !, 
  awesome . 
  just to get this right , the terrain is indestructible ? 
  did you just assumed xer gender ? 
  sure !, 
  first question : why did you buy this piece of shit ? 
  fucking reposter : https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5vq1vx/airpods_availability/de46ir7/, 
  he 's reposting crap every minute , have a look at his account . 
  probably just a bot or spam account . 
  i just had a look at his account , seems to be a bot / spam account . 
  is this your first time playing old blues ? 
  lol :d, 
  just grab it at newegg or aliexpress , they 're way cheaper there :, 
  that 's not 10/10, 
  that 's cringey, 
  i think so , too . 
  it 's just another arg like otp an the others . 
  surely fun , but not `` real '' . 
  low quality trash that is n't even worth the postage . 
  this is the most disturbing thing i saw in the internet, 
  is this supposed to be a joke ? 
  me too !, 
  i wonder if it 's got a specific name, 
  * polution, 
  how can you tell ? 
  i know someone who told me you can actually change icons on windows machines . 
  unfortunatly i ca n't prove it . 
  that 's the only valid answer, 
  you seem to be ... new . 
  sorry , feels nothing like the 80s and that tilted pink neon font is way overused . 
  it 's a scam . 
  reported . 
  i 'm a german living in germany like all my ancestors have . 
  so i 'm pretty german , hooray . 
  how about not using shitty filters, 
  i 'm 0.001 % american because i 've eaten at mcdonald 's, 
  searching for my son , shaun, 
  and self leveling, 
  i wonder if you can store something in it, 
  what is this & is that real wood grain ? 
  trying to catch the nintendo mini hype , heh . 
  nothing beats my old atari beast . 
  my adblocker and anti virus scanner just went haywire when clicking your link, 
  if you want to do this right add a cartidge slot and ditch all that new age nonsense . 
  yay , just missing destructible terrain :p, 
  consistency and a lore friendly story . 
  i just ca n't get over the fact that jet is declared a pre war drug . 
  and they sold it in asthma inhalators :(, 
  wait , there is a 17th month ? 
  i know :(, 
  needs less typos, 
  yeah . 
  but it 's wrong . 
  like very wrong . 
  like google translate english to chinese to german wrong . 
  teufelshunde would be fine , too, 
  that 's way too kind :d, 
  so they had a lot of time to fix it, 
  non licensed crap, 
  unfortunately , yeah . 
  i 'm banned there :d, 
  yep , seems to be offline right now, 
  fickbusen affenschwanz lol, 
  report it, 
  leave this sub, 
  sounds pretty fake . 
  how to get attention and raise ebay biddings 101, 
  no reposts stop reposting, 
  do n't get caught, 
  let me just enjoy some haggis and horse meat . 
  that 's typophobic , burn in hell, 
  be prepared , piko is a pretty shady company . 
  i 've dealt with them in the past . 
  learning itself is racist, 
  needs destructible terrain , like craters and so on, 
  what is a grid rpg ? 
  ac in prisons ? 
  that 's pretty luxurious !, 
  back in the days we did n't called them that . . 
  eating some haggis and cracking a kinder suprise egg right now , while watching swearing , full frontal nudity on television and being thankful for free healthcare , lol . 
  but yeah , i just googled a bit and saw that acs in prisons are n't common . 
  but yeah , americans ca n't survive without them, 
  you 're not shadow banned , give source, 
  shit price . 
  if you use the open source design files you can make about 20 assembled boards for the asking price . 
  if you do n't want to do them by yourself head over to aliexpress , you can find them for half the price there . 
  colourised ? 
  wow , i have n't seen this being reposted in a week or so, 
  they ( the sellers at ali ) got old and new versions for sale ,
