  this is some serious craftsmanship . 
  will this work on `` normal '' paper with small crosses , or do you have to buy these paper tablets ? 
  ah , that makes sense !, 
  thanks !, 
  plain awesome !, 
  looks more like cat, 
  speaking for germany - it 's just as common as nutella or jam . 
  username checks out, 
  grab the pitchforks !, 
  $ 10/each, 
  yes . 
  10 minutes every year . 
  i agree , so do most europeans . 
  speaking multiple languages is kinda crucial here . 
  well , depends . 
  i live next to the dutch border and need to communicate with dutch people a lot . 
  at work we have clients in france and belgium and we have to talk to them occasionally . 
  only for communicattion at reddit and some online forums i need english :d, 
  o-k . thank-you . 
  it does . 
  me too , i use it with xposed framework . 
  works flawlessly !, 
  nice , got ta try that when xposed fails . 
  that 's a glitch i like . 
  are these even combined gifs , or is this just a gif of a video with some cgi ? 
  these are nixie tubes ( just in case you did n't know that already ) . 
  the one to the right looks like a 6h9c / 6sl7 . 
  yes . 
  not to be rude , but how is this different from the way everybody else does it ? 
  yeah , same here . 
  great game , but the generic ending was lame . 
  puh , endlich mal was in deutsch hier . 
  relevant picture of a french police officer . 
  i hereby confirm the cringe . 
  the problem is your computer , it 's not the software 's . 
  have you tried applocale and installing support for asian languages ? 
  that should fix your font problem . 
  well , indeed , 
  i do n't get it either . 
  must be an american thing . 
  and get shot, 
  / r/reallifedoodles would love this, 
  who is `` hila klien '' ? 
  i wonder how often this is reposted, 
  the girl 's name ? 
  albert einstein . 
  nice , stolen from the subredditsimulator , 
  if reposts are reposted often enough , will people stop to repost ? 
  / r/eyebleach, 
  my stomach hurts , i laughed too hard . 
  subbed , liked , awesome work !, 
  very sweet !, 
  any calculations about how long the led will keep on blinking ? 
  ask / r/falloutlore, 
  pssst , let op has his stolen karma . 
  yay for the males , 
  usa usa usa, 
  i dream of a world without reposts, 
  because of the hot glue :(, 
  ( i would place this in my shelf , btw  ), 
  `` omg we totally did n't notice them xddd '', 
  op is full of shit , 
  yes , please !, 
  all of them , even the broken ones !, 
  use opengur , it 's quite neat . 
  i got one of these . 
  you can enter a configuration menu for calibration and stuff by shorting inputs 1,2 and 3 together . 
  indeed . 
  it is . 
  op is cruel . 
  learn at school , watch your streams at home . 
  at least you knew it . 
  me too . 
  let 's get down voted together . 
  always relevant :, 
  edit : my link was broken . 
  yep , thanks a lot !, 
  btw , that 's how i discovered this subreddit . 
  i bought two of the rings and i 'm heavily regretting it . 
  btw , that 's how i discovered this subreddit . 
  i bought two of the rings and i 'm heavily regretting it . 
  ( sent that link a few minutes ago but made a mistake in the title ! ), 
  well , i did :( stupid me . 
  i 've learned a lot since discovering this subreddit . 
  this needs to be higher , but there is too much muh murica in this thread . 
  looks like some cold joints at the resistors . 
  protip : use flux, 
  ... six hours ? 
  the game is already greenlit on steam, 
  unexplained cgi, 
  you wo n't believe what happened next !, 
  `` mission accomplished '', 
  kek, 
  too easy . 
  dennoch , nices design !, 
  upvoted !, 
  i think they just need some time to temper the files before releasing them as the ` originals ', 
  they can compare it , sure . 
  let 's just hope it does n't get destroyed accidentally . 
  pretty happy that stuff is forbidden over here in germany .
