  body parts should act as user names , not as passwords . 
  i wonder if there 's a reddit without reposts . 
  i would like it . 
  codsworth, 
  i actually tried to click the link in the picture . 
  it 's meem, 
  repost : the movie, 
  ayyyyyyyy, 
  obvious trollbait, 
  this somehow turns me on, 
  by hdd you mean a 4gb flash of which 500 mb are n't accessible for the user . 
  dump the firmware of the controller and modify it . 
  or solder in a smaller flash and hope the controller is n't set to auto detect the size of the flash . 
  on the bucket list of repost, 
  nah , that was too easy . 
  btw , a falling knife has no handle, 
  so is fire, 
  obvious bait, 
  wait wait wait waaait . 
  nevermind . 
  why, 
  this discussion needs this https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rheinwiesenlager, 
  if the fat man is too heavy , have a companion carry it for you . 
  nobody mentioned the hat so far . . 
  it 's pretty sad actually, 
  uhm . . 
  i 'm using those for over ten years now . 
  never knew this is a ` new ' thing . 
  and 29 % of them are true, 
  add some digits to that number , it has to be way over 9000, 
  nobody on mobile here ? 
  i 'm on mobile , ca n't read that site , got triggered . 
  omg wtf anon so funny xd, 
  amen, 
  you 're welcome, 
  keep it up , brandon !, 
  mods are nazi 's ... what ? 
  this happens quite often in german retirement homes . 
  and hey , they love to share their stories , too !, 
  great moves , soflo !, 
  consider english not being his native language . . 
  `` reverse racism is not a thing '' - lololo, 
  thanks a lot , that 's what i tried to say !, 
  pls respond , mark, 
  pretty obvious op did this, 
  instructions unclear , made popcorn . 
  i need a trigger warnings for those custom fonts, 
  test video please ignore, 
  ah , thanks for posting this slide . 
  when i heard about apple not willing to cooperative with the feds i faintly remembered that graph . 
  maybe it got removed for being the 4528763th repost . 
  kinda not nsfl for my standards :d, 
  what 's lichtverschmutzung in english ? 
  thanks !, 
  it hurts me , too . 
  meh , english is a hard language :d, 
  this needs to be higher, 
  synth 0.1, 
  op never delivers, 
  all you had to do was ordering donuts, 
  kinda forced the `` broken '' to hard, 
  they do n't seem to enjoy this . 
  playboy mag, 
  something does n't add up, 
  raw pork meat . 
  i 'll check it out, 
  ca n't be his , it 's mine, 
  hahahahaha, 
  i 'm not going to read this, 
  great moves !, 
  when ? 
  alright , so it 's old news to me . 
  too furry for me, 
  ah shit , forgot to be exact there . . let 's say ordinary donuts with powdered sugar , no filling . 
  at least i 'm not the only one , 
  i do n't like jon , so that gaming video was n't that enjoyable to me . 
  same, 
  ugh , i almost barfed while reading this . 
  she 's korean , not japanese  but anyhow , cringey as fuck, 
  awesome , thanks for your work and sharing it !, 
  i screencapped this comment . 
  if you can find a post with this exact screen cap i will happily delete this . 
  i screencapped this myself . 
  if you can find a post with this exact screen cap i will happily delete this . 
  reposts are suffering from quality loss :d, 
  why watch the video when you can have a compressed gif without sound , pause functions etc ? 
  just kidding . 
  that 's the first time i see this picture, 
  looks amazing !, 
  i wanted to hear that narrator !, 
  and thanks for the controls !, 
  well , it 's for sweet internet points, 
  what 's a proxy, 
  nah , too edgy for me . 
  how to internet, 
  indeed . 
  these guys are sitting in the streets and pretend to paint . 
  if you order a picture they 'll go and print the picture and say they painted it . 
  same goes for the sand . 
  the 9gag watermark , i assume,
