  appreciate that he 's trying to deliver content . 
  do you want content like in the old days ? 
  - you probably wo n't get it . 
  deal with it . 
  for almost everybody here he 's doing his things for free . 
  so why the hate ? 
  do you just want to piss on a guy that 's already on the ground ? 
  - that 's pretty low . 
  i do n't think it matters why he 's dealing with mental problems . 
  fact is he is . 
  why do you want an exact cause ? 
  that wo n't help you and probably wo n't stop the hate . 
  excuse my grammar , i 'm not a native speaker . 
  and yeah , you guys probably wo n't ever stop hating him , no matter what he 's doing , 
  so long !, 
  i 'm really wondering how he deserves his address being leaked and people making fun about his problems . 
  welcome to america !, 
  have my upvote . 
  and have a look at my post in this thread , 
  yes he does, 
  german here , every super market chain uses these coin locks over here . 
  some even got invisible security fences locking the wheels of the cart if you try to steal them . 
  thank you america man, 
  do you have facts proving your point ? 
  btw , do you need this big font to make your opinion stronger ? 
  welcome to this shitty subreddit . 
  i kinda was expecting a small fan base here . 
  all i found was hate . 
  alright , 
  i 'm just seeing some signs of a depression . 
  since i 'm not a close friend of him or his doctor i do n't have proof . 
  considering he has no depression or any mental problem - is it still fine to mock him ? 
  and how did you get your proof ? 
  am i ? 
  i did n't know `` so long '' means that you go without coming back . 
  thanks fo telling me , english is just my third language . 
  this seriously looks fun !, 
  sweet , ca n't wait to play this on my ps4, 
  they pop up every so often . 
  bob bob, 
  how 's that programminghorror ? 
  yup . 
  that 's nice for you . 
  but there are people who are too proud or anxious to get help . 
  sure , i get your point and i could be wrong . 
  maybe time will tell the truth someday . 
  i just hope he finds joy in life . 
  please do n't call him gay , this is a christian subreddit . 
  quite a risky photo . 
  iirc you are n't allowed to photograph military stuff . 
  this , and this is n't a combined gif, 
  / faden, 
  huh ? 
  you can download the rom for some years . 
  it has n't been officially released , but leaked several years ago . 
  the junkies at the main station, 
  it is , report it . 
  have n't seen this reposted in days, 
  mine too, 
  it was posted by a guy reposting shit on his own shitty site, 
  tube amps are adding distortions, 
  reported for violating rule # 9, 
  ~ ear bones connect to head bones ~, 
  cross-post this to / r/shitamericanssay, 
  triggered some americans , i see, 
  back in my days we called these things video glasses . 
  there 's nothing virtual reality about these . 
  bad bot, 
  uhm . 
  why is it that creepy ? 
  me too !, 
  at least i 've seen pictures back then , and a short clip . 
  * kmow, 
  nice repost , be sure to repost this next week, 
  yup . 
  get 's em triggered all the time, 
  your autism level just rose, 
  send nudes, 
  pretty sure that 's a guy, 
  sicher satire . 
  pre-nintendo would be everything pre 1889, 
  it 's germany . 
  we 're cool with nudity . 
  i 'm in !, 
  why call her amme when her name was anneliese marie frank ? 
  who does n't like the glow of the mountains ? 
  i ca n't , i 'm not a native speaker and live in europe :(, 
  sweet , that show is still up ? 
  definitiv . 
  stop reposting shit to promote your website, 
  i really miss / r/fatpeoplehate, 
  calling them pedophile is a bit harsh, 
  newer busses got them , they are a bit rare, 
  that was unexpected, 
  want to see a former youtuber crippled from anxiety and depression ? 
  no problem , head over to the / r/spoonyexperiment, 
  fuck reefs , nobody needs them, 
  what about a resistor ? 
  i see . 
  that 's kinda true,
