  that makes it even worse :(, 
  ( gon na try it later at the computer . ), 
  indeed ... 
  i kinda want to play spore now . . 
  true . 
  imagine the guy were ugly , this post would have been ended in / r/creeper or whatever . 
  `` let 's repost this gift into every subreddit so nobody misses it ! '', 
  they went ... 
  full circle :, 
  ... and again and again and again and again and again and again and again . 
  lol , nice pic !, 
  have look at these , they 're pretty awesome , too !, 
  me too . 
  i 'm missing the old times :(, 
  are you new to reddit ? 
  everything is about the us , unless stated otherwise . 
  me too !, 
  they 're sold over here in germany but i 've never seen a unit `` in the wild '' :d, 
  reminds me of `` i have no mouth , and i must scream '' by harlan ellison, 
  yup . 
  stopped reading when i saw the rasbian prompt . 
  / american studies, 
  confirmed disturbing, 
  64dd is missing , so are japanese and european games . 
  let 's say this collection is 1/3 complete , 
  yup . 
  or / r/im14andthisiswtf /, 
  yay , i 'm always happy to see another purists  my eye starts to twitch when i see stuff like this on screenshots in this sub :, 
  hah , reminds me on my thread some days ago :d, 
  i do n't like mods . 
  these are two mirrors . 
  case closed . 
  you 're right . 
  three mirrors are indeed creepy . 
  case somehow closed . 
  we 're out of cases , pal . 
  no new case opened . 
  say something nice to these folks or you get downvoted into oblivion . 
  what if op poked a hole in the bottom of the floating can ? 
  europe here , works over here as well . 
  have an upvote for pointing out the reality . 
  never heard or seen it either . . the price tag seems to be from real , - . . 
  i 'll have a look tomorrow . 
  yeah , i think so , too . 
  maybe the title should be `` a sauce manufacturer named an orange sauce ` american sauce ' in germany '', 
  thousand island dressing is not called american sauce . 
  one european model , please . 
  got ta give him the pain of the old world . 
  this wp actually reminds me of the keffiyeh . 
  all the cool kids had one , without knowing what it meant . 
  yup , this just happens way too often . 
  please bethesda , do n't fuck up the localization of fallout 4 like you did for the german fallout shelter . 
  ca n't unthink of the kids throwing rocks at that laser secured house at the simpsons . . 
  ... and you see the im europe quite regulary . 
  the company i 'm working in got branches in denmark , germany and in the netherlands . 
  the guys are scrubbing the windows everywhere like this . 
  yeah , it 's great - but then there 's kate . 
  yup , it 's a blast from the past . 
  that fraktur font , tough . . 
  just say'in , 
  to be even more fair , that coin is from world war i. germans had spikes and eagles on their helmets at that time . 
  seems like i was wrong , 
  omg it even got cracks !, 
  #creepy #omg #shatmypants, 
  because death and stuff, 
  never heard of him ( i 'm in europe ) . 
  so i had to search the comments to get his name . 
  as some people stated before , there are a lot of other scientists who should be regarded . 
  thinking of just these too could be connected to a very limited view on the world . 
  german stereotypes suck :( but boobs are fine . 
  i wanted to downvote for lolie , but since it 's a good comment i 'll upvote it . 
  yup , mine were sagging , too . 
  i installed shelf angle brackets under them , otherwise the shelves would have fallen off . 
  i hope so , too . 
  i do n't know how to say it properly since english is n't my native language - but my walls are kinda `` crumbly '' and old . 
  i think more solid walls could have prevented the sagging . 
  this is my favorite !, 
  they still look like toddler toys :(, 
  arroyo , 
  there must be more like us . 
  i came here for skeletor , 
  reflective stuff is the next big thing in fashion , apparently, 
  this battery needs calibration . 
  i 'll have cake that day , since it 's my birthday . 
  it will happen , no matter what . 
  welcome to / r/creepy !, 
  next up : bed sheet ghost costumes, 
  that 's great for / r/quityourbullshit, 
  a boy named marion ? 
  americans sure got humor, 
  this is only as half as creepy as the girl with the make up , judged by the upvotes, 
  double nope . 
  i do n't get it , either . . 
  the last season scarred me for life . 
  i wo n't talk about it . 
  never . 
  i 'm not entirely sure . 
  maybe i like to find other people hating kate and the last season, 
  brb clash of clans, 
  i like the american soldiers in wiesbaden here in germany .
