  why not ? 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  `` teardown '', 
  over here in germany fashion picked up the 80s this summer . 
  it 's like time traveling , quite neat . 
  a few pictures were actually new to me , awesome . 
  btw , i 've only heard about hinterkaifeck through reddit , i 've never heard someone talking about it over here in germany, 
  yes , that gave me the chills , too . 
  too bad the buildings were torn down . 
  yeah , i 've heard about that . 
  if i remember correctly a group of forensic students visited the site , compared dna and so on . 
  i 've no clue why they did n't published their results though . 
  it 's not common practice to keep this information . 
  let 's find out where and why they are hiding the results and get them !, 
  i am indeed !, 
  sweet !, 
  ca n't wait to see the finished a500 !, 
  mhh , if the school is within my reach , no problem . 
  at least i can send them a letter and request information . 
  i 'll do both !, 
  and i 'll let you know !, 
  stop reposting and watermarking stuff on your site, 
  do you habe genkai tokki pirates by any chance ? 
  hooray !, 
  hey there !, 
  i wondered how many of you guys like their fallouts without any mods . 
  i prefer my game without any mods . 
  so no filters , no high res this , more weapons that . 
  ps : i do have a decent pc which could actually run all that stuff . 
  actually she was still in the waste - but dead . 
  i wonder what happens when she 's back to the vault ( for real , this time ) . 
  upbone in .00002 nanoseconds or mr skeletal will steal all your may mays !, 
  [ removed ], 
  ca n't see them ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  i really like real glitches . 
  like crashed programs littering your screen with weird colors . 
  that 's why i love this sub !, 
  in addition to those glitches there are pieces of art generated by programs . 
  those are awesome , too !, 
  but i like the first kind way more . 
  does anybody knows a sub with only the first kind of glitches ? 
  and what do you guys like more ? 
  stupid question , but does anybody knows if this is just the ambient songs ? 
  i 'd like some diamond radio , 
  thanks in advance !, 
  ps : visited the url in the picture , did n't find anything . 
  hey there !, 
  i 'm trying to remember a song . 
  unfortunatly i do n't have many information about it , but maybe someone knows it . 
  will reward reddit gold for the ( first ) correct answer , 
  possibly music from an anime, 
  i clearly remember people cheering in the end of the song . 
  like no instruments or singing , just cheering people until it fades to silence, 
  i think it had organ music in it, 
  anybody got a clue ? 
  hey there !, 
  i 'm trying to remember a song . 
  unfortunatly i do n't have many information about it , but maybe someone knows it . 
  possibly music from an anime, 
  i clearly remember people cheering in the end of the song . 
  like no instruments or singing , just cheering people until it fades to silence, 
  i think it had organ music in it, 
  anybody got a clue ? 
  hey there !, 
  i 'm trying to remember a song . 
  unfortunatly i do n't have many information about it , but maybe someone knows it . 
  possibly music from an anime, 
  i clearly remember people cheering in the end of the song . 
  like no instruments or singing , just cheering people until it fades to silence, 
  i think it had organ music in it, 
  anybody got a clue ? 
  that 's just it . 
  `` description '' : `` close to alexanderplatz in berlin-mitte , the fernsehturm was constructed between 1965 and 1969 by the government of the german democratic republic . 
  it was intended as both a symbol of communist power and of berlin . 
  it remains the latter today , as it is easily visible throughout the central and some suburban districts of berlin . 
  `` website '' : '' '' ,, 
  `` subreddit '' : '' / r/germany '' ,, 
  `` center '' : [, 
  `` path '' : [, 
  hey there !, 
  i 'm a huge fan of h3h3 and just saw the episode with that idubbbz-guy !, 
  it was hilarious and he seems to be quite a funny guy !, 
  so i went searching for his channel but all i found was this channel of a stupid gay nigger cunt . 
  where 's the real idubbz guy and who is this imposter ? 
  hey there ,, 
  i 'm trying to use nonpdrm on my vitatv without any luck . 
  i 'm using usbmc by / u/yifanlu to automount an usb dongle as ux0 . 
  i downloaded the nonpdrm-plugin to it and added its path to the kernel-section of the tai config file . 
  next i unpacked a game to ux0/app/gameid / , restarted the pstv and updated the live screen - 0 updates . 
  next up i disconnected the usb dongle and tried the whole procedure again , no luck :(, 
  maybe my dump is broken ? 
  i 've included some photos , maybe someone got a hint for me :(, 
  edit : solved by cn0122 !, 
  i had the exact issue these are the steps i used to get this to work with pstv + usbmc + nonpdrm, 
  i made sure vitashell was installed on my internal memory ( uxo ) before attaching a usb device, 
  i setup usbmc using the installer to automount uma0 as uxo once this is done went back into vitashell after a reboot, 
  3 . uma0 is now auto mounting as ux0, 
  4 . in ux0 remove the whole tai folder, 
  5 . in ur0 : tai open config.txt and add a blank line under * kernal and add ur0 : tai/nonpdrm . skprx and place nonpdrm.skprx plugin in the ur0 : tai folder,
