  archive password:hazama@vitapiracy.com, 
  hahaha , awesome !, 
  i just finished the game a few days ago . 
  i was kinda suspecting censorship when several cards did n't change after upgrading them . 
  for a second i thought ` borted ' was a new maked up gender . 
  we need at least 684 megathreads , forums and blogs , 
  it brightened my day :d, 
  i 'm not a native speaker and do n't get it . . can someone please explain ? 
  oh thanks . 
  that 's pretty unfortunate . 
  thanks for the clarification , i am german :d, 
  obvious get an adblocker comment, 
  delete the files in ux0 : / ptemp / - but do n't delete the folder itself . 
  me too , 599 dollars !, 
  have some math :, 
  ( 64gb * 10 ^ 9 ) / 2 ^ 30 = 59.60 useable for your needs, 
  i. . i. . 
  i ca n't read . 
  btw , you should contact playasia . 
  i told you , i ca n't read !, 
  read my posts !, 
  damn , i love the hughs . 
  come on , he used ' / s ', 
  americans and cursive writing , it 's always fun, 
  fuck you, 
  what about hughies ? 
  ^ this, 
  just wait for vitamin 1.2 . 
  just wait . 
  damn zuckerberg , taking all the freedoms, 
  his awesome what ? 
  that 's a carpet . 
  please go away, 
  i 'm not a native speaker :(, 
  it 's obviously laser cut . 
  we use dd.mm.yyyy , 
  to be reposted next week, 
  somebody please mention that font, 
  me too :d, 
  post it to / r/til !, 
  what if reporting does shit ? 
  i do not endorse vitapiracy.com . 
  please consider donating to that guy . 
  he honestly deserved a free beer or two by the community !, 
  so you started a new game and played it to the end ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  requesting sorcery saga : curse of the great curry god, 
  it 's been dumped with the leaked beta and does n't work . 
  how did you fix it ? 
  thanks , i 'll try that right away !, 
  your way did n't worked for me , so i uninstalled vitamin 2.0 , reinstalled vitamin 1.1 , started vitamin 1.1 two times ( in the first try it closed right away ) , then upgraded to vitamin 2.0 . 
  no problem !, 
  great it 's working for us . 
  it just works . 
  got one too , but added a switchless mod for changing 50/60hz, 
  / r/masterhacker material, 
  got the same problem, 
  mhhh , nope . 
  looks like scrap metal . 
  damn . 
  i 'll buy the game instead . 
  i ca n't , i 've got no arms . 
  i 've got the dlc but i 'm not able to dump it . 
  a million dollars or two . 
  all we need is an uncensor patch , 
  nice , 
  does n't work on win 10, 
  hopefully it 's just the graphic file of the pink cloud that has to be exchanged for a dummy file , 
  btw , there is a penis in your database, 
  interesting topic but wtf what is this disgusting beard, 
  well , it worked for monster monpiece , 
  woah , that 's so awesome of you guys . 
  i unpacked the game & the data container , here is it 's contents :, 
  unfortunatly i do n't know how to handle these * . tpk files which should be either pictures or picture containers . 
  i 'll probably just download the japanese version and compare the contents of the data blob . 
  there is pretty much stuff going on in plaintext , i 'll dive in later , 
  awesome , let 's do this !, 
  i compared the contents of the jap & eng files , these files are exactly the same in both versions :, 
  these are different , so most probably language files :, 
  edit : going to sleep now , in my part of the world it 's already night :d, 
  awesome !, 
  how to apply the patch though ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  mhh . . probably :d, 
  offline , nuff said . 
  woah awesome !, 
  i 'm playing it right now and will try to update to your version . 
  mind fiddling on criminal girls , too ? 
  just played the game for a while . 
  awesome work man , but the game is definitely too slow for me , 
  you 're welcome, 
  i think they make these so shitty on purpose . 
  how do i reddit, 
  about 125 freedoms and 8 services, 
  adds nothing but distortion, 
  screenshots ? 
  you probably listen to radio stations one digit off for a warmer sound . 
  damn . 
  made me think . 
  tt ______ tt ;,
