were n't the watch posts banned ? 
  this is no repair , it 's a prank . 
  the subway is n't moving . 
  my thought as well, 
  that one is easy :, 
  i got fallout 1 back in the days from a friend who loved it . 
  popped the game in and ... 
  . . hated it . 
  i loved arcade style action games and woah , fallout 1 was turn based . 
  yawn , no thanks . 
  years later i got my hands on fallout 3 . 
  got addicted to it , played f1 and f2 like hundreds of hours , done cosplay , bought all the merchandise ... 
  i love fallout by now . 
  yep . 
  came here to find your comment . 
  so , fallout 4 will be a board game . 
  am i the only one who finds these images funny ? 
  putting magnets on electrical gear is n't always a good idea . . 
  how to delete your reddit account  ? 
  germany here , ca n't see it either :( guess it 's murica-exclusice, 
  fallout 5 confirmed, 
  me too . 
  for ... reasons . 
  nice guess , but no , 
  the old reddit switch-a-roo, 
  when playing fallout new vegas in hardcore mode the courier constantly talks about the need to find water and food and all his other needs . 
  well , at least in the german version of the game . 
  sadly minus the stuff censored for america, 
  thought the same . 
  this was one of the first pictures i ever saw on the interwebs . 
  gary ... 
  gon na download some fresh water, 
  kate . 
  more kate . 
  everybody loves kate . 
  so kawaiiii, 
  male emo hair , to be exact, 
  because wheb, 
  went to a clinic for a year , saw a psychiatrist every week and took medicaments . 
  life is okay now . 
  that 's not what buffering is . 
  you are a time travelling android . 
  so , coming back again - this was the release date bethesda told us last year on a pr meeting . 
  you do n't say !, 
  nope , still hating her . 
  video -  gif -  video compilation, 
  i 'm still excited x ), 
  i second that : /, 
  ( just 142 days to go ! ), 
  well , blackfacing is n't considered racist in every country in the world . 
  germany , for example : http://www.sternsinger-st-laurentius.de/4kanzlerin12.jpg, 
  yup , that 's our chancellor . 
  here you go :, 
  it 's just not known over here that mimicking black people is offensive . 
  my thought as well ... 
  yours is way better . 
  mathematic here , those are n't fractals . 
  cool stuff tough !, 
  i 'm feeling with you :(, 
  do n't know why this got downvoted . 
  it 's infuriating as hell . 
  lol , got down voted into oblivion :(, 
  / r/mildlyinfuriating /, 
  hit that report button , 
  yes . 
  yup , the cat is most probably just looking at the camera indicator led . 
  oh , how nice - one is missing / r/mildlyinfuriating, 
  you 're such an asshole mod . 
  uhm , germany here , we can order it on amazon and gamestop  gamestop had collector 's editions even after two days since the preordering started . 
  got one at my local gamespot and another , hopefully uncut version from austria . 
  tldr , just those pitiful brits got a single store :(, 
  dangit , metal ? 
  that would be awesome . 
  just dropping this here, 
  faction ? 
  cheese ? 
  tags ? 
  what ? 
  that would be a rather bad choice in my country ... 
  bwahaha , never heard about the lady thing . 
  nice to know , thanks !, 
  that 's what i wanted to say . 
  just dropping this , again ... , 
  just ate a slice in france last week , can confirm . 
  op celebrates france . 
  i 've got the same cassette player !, 
  `` meanwhile '' -  a couple of years ago, 
  everything on reddit is related to america , unless stated otherwise :(, 
  til op has a girlfriend, 
  no odometers . 
  never . 
  me neither , those figures look like they 're made for toddlers . 
  i would buy a shit ton of realistic figurines !, 
  me too , even 101 means nothing in my native tongue . 
  who is that guy sitting in ceasar 's chair ? 
  repost the cake every week or so to keep it fresh and moist !, 
  confirming op is full of lies and shit, 
  some clues about the vaccinations were given in the sri lanka video , it 's up on youtube . 
  it was part of one of the lost args back then . 
  come on , nobody gives a shit about sources .
