  look harder or do them by yourself :, 
  as in this example , 50 boards are $ 20 . 
  i 've seen a documentary of this case . 
  it 's the most disgusting thing i 've ever seen . 
  just what i thought . 
  seen it a hundred times , but this writeup is nice to read . 
  will do , thanks !, 
  bad bot, 
  i live in bockenheim for 550 $ warm , 47qm , two rooms . 
  dropship crap items from aliexpress, 
  that 's sad . 
  i like him and his videos . 
  since 7 years . 
  it started at 470 $ though . 
  i 'm going to leave the city in some months and wonder how much the next renter has to pay, 
  looks like an olympia or adler to me . 
  if you want to search for it , search for schreibmaschine . 
  if you happen to need a proxy buyer , hit me up . 
  me too . 
  do n't forget to program a gui in visual basic to trace the ip, 
  german here , the subreddit is very left . 
  and yeah , anything that 's not left gets either banned or downvoted into oblivion . 
  / thread, 
  nice , but why is the terrain indestructible ? 
  will this be addressed in the story ? 
  needs an intellimouse 1.1, 
  yeah . 
  fake . 
  woah , thanks a lot !, 
  just drop me a message if you want to purchase one !, 
  good luck and thanks again !, 
  definitely keep us updated !, 
  i like all his videos . 
  i just discovered him some months ago and watched all his stuff . 
  i think the ultima reviews were awesome . 
  i just learned that he stopped doing videos some weeks ago :(, 
  i do n't get it . 
  who 's going to kill him ? 
  and why ? 
  thanks a lot , i 'm not from the usa . 
  but yeah , he 's probably overreacting . 
  this made me wet . 
  reposter are reposting pretending they 're original, 
  / r/aww , home of the reposts, 
  hihi . 
  good bot, 
  thank god killing that gramps ended terrorism, 
  / r/600euro, 
  / r/glitch _ art, 
  next up : destructible terrain, 
  what 's the point ? 
  i restored my vita and it catched fire !, 
  nice , will the traps rip holes in the ground ? 
  have n't seen this picture since 1998, 
  and destructible terrain, 
  yeah . 
  i 'd like to post pictures and talk about my gramps , too . 
  pretty sure reddit will hate me for it , though, 
  huh , you 've got some items i 've never seen, 
  * fictional device, 
  i 'm playing on console and was n't aware of this :d, 
  coming from the food industry - yeah , it is . 
  it 's basically salt with spices . 
  not expensive at all . 
  mhm . 
  but any terrain does , since it 's magically indestructible, 
  i bet it 's neither 7.1 nor 3d sound, 
  i did . 
  i like his content . 
  maybe that 's the true * wonder of china *, 
  that 's bullshit , you need to dump the udp pakets and reverse engineer the ip, 
  shit , you 're right . 
  totally forgot about that . 
  i 'm new to the scene , all i did until now was programming a gui in visual basic to trace an ip . 
  please stop reposting this :(, 
  lol , i was banned from / r/falloutlore for this answer :d, 
  i edited my comment , please send nudes . 
  that 's okay : /, 
  sounds like depression : /, 
  i 'm affacted , too . 
  on meds since like forever . 
  what , why ? 
  just like flashlights and radios back in the days . 
  oh , and bluetooth and an app for the last few years . 
  shades need them all . 
  heidberg ? 
  what are those ? 
  come on , at least he is doing something . 
  this is the shittiest sub i 've seen in a long time . 
  i do n't remember him saying this in the german version . 
  ceasar is pronounced the latin way over here without exceptions, 
  mhm . . well , `` kaiser '' is pronounced `` kai-zar '' , whereas ceaser is ( more like ) `` zee-sar '', 
  yes, 
  buy another vita, 
  i think the debris kinda should impact and stick to the ground instead of bouncing around like rubber . 
  your knowledge of the land shall be great, 
  nice , but that font . . 
  spambot account , reported, 
  just what i said , he needs to buy another vita, 
  yeah , i got all his ips .
