  gon na sell them in the dark web for some encrypted bitcoins !, 
  it is , 
  i wonder who leaked our subreddit to the normies !, 
  this sub is for master hackers only !, 
  i think it looks okay . 
  languages are fun :d, 
  i 've never heard this joke before, 
  welcome to america , 
  it took me 19 seconds to hack it, 
  is that a neck beard ? 
  damn spam bot , stop this shit, 
  duh , everybody knows this . 
  which programming language do you recommend for creating the gui ? 
  you seriously should n't take anything that could be ancient with you . 
  this is a crime in many countries . 
  your vita might be posessed , call an exorcist, 
  warning , this is propably a fraud . 
  the website is n't genuine , no contact info and the content matches eactly with at least three other websites . 
  be warned . 
  are you going to start your bot and spam this sub again ? 
  i 'm with him . 
  if you disagree you might want a conversation with / r/classicfallout, 
  definitly feldberg, 
  mods are asleep , post weapons, 
  what about a robe that let 's you destroy buildings but leaves the terrain absolutely untouched . . 
  use a genesis and a 32x, 
  add destructible terrain, 
  wait , i thought gun related stuff was forbidden here, 
  yup . 
  i just imagine what it looks like if you cast a destructive spell without any structures nearby . 
  it 'll kinda do . . 
  nothing . 
  wow , this has n't been reposted in days, 
  / thread, 
  because of rule # 5 : / i submitted a screenshot about wendy 's telling to be `` more than happy '' to have customers who carry concealed guns . 
  it got deleted right away for violating rule # 5 . 
  noo , please do n't put me into guantanamo :(, 
  other devs would have implemented destructible terrain, 
  finally !, 
  please sir press windows key and the letter r, 
  / r/reclaimedbynature, 
  noticed that , too . 
  it 's all about winning wars and supporting the troops, 
  wow , this is shit, 
  0 people online, 
  no thanks , i do n't like to get mugged, 
  op is a schattenparker, 
  - go to ebay, 
  - buy some games, 
  - `` not bad for two weeks collecting '', 
  this sub needs an hdr removal bot that automatically removes the hdr effect in pictures :d, 
  i do n't get it , care to explain what 's going on ? 
  yup , and it looks nothing like him . 
  i have n't received one yet . 
  just try not to tell you 're female !, 
  le turtle . 
  it 's actually just one girl . 
  stop reposting shit, 
  i like the story . 
  it 's told to kids over here in germany . 
  kinda like a fairy tale !, 
  post this to / r/80sdesign , 
  his sub wishes for another crossover , too , 
  it 's just an automated account reposting shit and advertising that hosting website, 
  i always wanted to know why these statistics could be useful . 
  i mean , i know the hardware of my computer , so why display it all the time on my desktop ? 
  wow , did you came up with that ? 
  perfect repost, 
  i 'm not sure how this could be useful . 
  but i 'm certainly sure there will be a time i need this . 
  bookmarked . 
  / r/mildlyterrifying, 
  the first slice is too thin at the bottom . 
  that 's mildly infuriating, 
  how many hours in ms paint so far ? 
  yeah , that was probably everyone 's last trophy to archive . 
  lol , why the downvotes ? 
  he 's right . 
  this is the best video he ever made . 
  pah , you get my upvote, 
  that 's the lynx ' bag, 
  no trash , just boner, 
  i 've never seen this repost before, 
  bricked my vita , thanks, 
  triggerwarnungen :, 
  do n't do that . 
  that 's either a ghost or a serial killer . 
  kek, 
  old and 2mad4lad, 
  you may want to start at linux 101, 
  that 's quite a massive neckbeard, 
  you people know nothing about depression and mental problems . 
  great picture , op !, 
  if only i could paint this good :(, 
  fuck you , faggot, 
  sure ,, 
  mocking someone dealing with depression is n't helping at all . 
  in the worst case it could make things even harder . 
  that 's how you people should deal with it . 
  do n't hate him .
