  no , we wo n't get in . 
  we met the conditions a long time ago , but someone will veto whenever we ask for it . 
  thanks for the warm welcome anyway , 
  and they say germans do n't have a sense of humor . 
  erdogan is a goat-fucker . 
  luckily for me , i live in a free country where i can say such things without fearing for my well-being and freedom . 
  maybe we should start a . ro site for this sort of thing . 
  we were never a part of the ussr . 
  thank you for your thoughtful explanation . 
   as barbaric as i might think locking people up is , i have to recognize that this is one punishment that will hit all people roughly equally hard . 
  losing autonomy over your life and what to do with it for some time is something that sucks equally much , no matter whether you are poor or rich . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  the proportional to income part i think is great , i wish we did something like that for speeding tickets here . 
  that is brilliant . 
  what i do n't get is the possibility to go to prison for something you said , which did not cause harm . 
  and also - please correct me if i am wrong - but is n't it more likely that a poor person would not be able to pay the counter-value of her 11 month sentence due to inexistent disposable income , while a richer person would be able to get out scot-free by paying the fine ? 
  thank you both , for the explanation . 
  i still think it is an odd system , but it seems quite `` german '' , so i guess it makes sense you would use something like that . 
  we have some law against defamation as well , but it just specifies there can be a fine . 
   prison time up to three years it the theoretical maximum , although that 's highly unlikely . 
  it is still sad a person could risk spending time in prison for something they said ; i can sort of understand having a mechanism to deter people from inciting crimes , but insults ? 
  i am disappointed with german law in this instance . 
  what is the maximum fine for this ? 
  i expect people will simply donate the money to support freedom of speech , as they should , i assume we are not talking prison time here ? 
  my high-school computer science teacher called it `` coada de maimuta '' . 
  it was generally used by old timers from the research field . 
  thank you , that is very informative . 
  they are n't allowed to bring donuts in court . 
  thank you . 
  can you please explain greece ? 
  is it related to the orthodox church ? 
   i wish we could 've been in the chart too . 
  i think the fact they pack everybody under eu is an indicative russians in general do n't think that much about smaller countries . 
  perhaps / u/z651 can correct me on that . 
  thank you for doing this . 
  i ca n't say i had any surprises . 
   but it could be geo-blocked , no way to know from my end it is working fine for me , thanks . 
  i am accustomed reasonably well with british and australian temperament and comedy , and in all seriousness you seem a lot happier . 
  maybe it 's the weather . 
   hungarian . 
   customs : disloyal  character : most gruesome  science : latin  bad habits : traitor one of us !, 
  you seem to have a very romanticized view of poverty . 
  i mean no offense . 
   spoiler alert : we do n't hate everyone . 
  good to know . 
  i expected in the current climate the situation to be viewed more radically by the population . 
  thank you . 
  apparently it is [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/46286p/juncker_romania_could_see_its_monitoring_lifted/d02fynr ) i like seeing optimism . 
   we ought to learn their ways . 
  they give us money , 
  the netherlands is too long . 
  especially in romanian , `` tarile de jos '' . 
  come on . 
  how many countries are you ? 
  ( it means the lower countries ) . 
  if you call it dutchia , we can have a deal . 
   like-able works , why does n't it work for trust ? 
  it does , but it is more of a new addition . 
  i had to look it up , i thought it was wrong as well , 
   yeaay we passed % 50 for the first time . 
  considering the content of our history books , and the fact that we pretty much rate our former rulers by how many turks they killed ... 
  i would say it is good progress , 
  i never met an unhappy australian , stop pretending  you guys are even more positive than us , it is a good fit . 
  i feel like [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ajo3ybc5ng ) is representative of australians ( please do n't tell me you are n't all like that ) . 
  i am aware what it means . 
  was my message confusing ? 
  i was trying to explain the issues with google translate . 
  from what i read in the press , the romanian approach for the expected refugees seems to also be concerned with access to language lessons , but they seem to have as priorities finding jobs ( they stress ** both for men and women ** ) and integrating kids in education systems . 
  ensure access to education and health systems . 
  and lastly they specify teaching them the language . 
  the government statement from [ this article ] ( http://www.aktual24.ro/guvernul-a-adoptat-noi-masuri-pentru-integrarea-refugiatilor-in-romania/ ) does n't even seem to mention language , they list the same other factors and are concerned with modifying the national id law to make it easier for refugees to be properly registered . 
  looks like we are really keen to get them to work . 
  it would be something if we manage to accomplish refugee/immigration integration better than we . 
  next step will be to actually get people to want to live here , 
   the barriers to employment are often higher it 's always funny to me to see how much we emphasize diplomas up the wazoo , especially in germany ( forget to mention a german person 's phd title in your business email , for a laugh ) . 
   the emphasis of the authorities are different ( language classes for example ) . 
  to be fair , that might be due to our languages not being as universally spoken as english . 
  and we do n't really want to let go of that , do we ? 
  romenglish makes more sense :p valuable , likeable , trustworthy ( !? ), 
   they 're scape-goating of minorities is coming home to roost any issue that shifts blame to the outside becomes a platform for politicians , unfortunately . 
  humans like to be disassociated from responsibility , and encouragement validates them . 
  we can only fix that through education and a society which can speak openly about issues . 
  [ the data ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/11/19/5-facts-about-illegal-immigration-in-the-u-s/ ) seems to point to there being about 5.5 million illegal mexican immigrants in the us , so i believe my point about it being a larger issue than the recent refugee wave to europe still stands . 
  one could argue that this minority will integrate better than the refugees , but i think this is also in part due to how the americans centered their society on positive immigration . 
  romanians feel so shunned in europe , that we count not knowing anything about us as a positive , 
  i was thinking `` problem '' more in relation to the `` build a wall '' rhetoric . 
  i do n't know the economics involved , but mexicans have a reputation for being hard working people , legal or not . 
  russians have a great sense of humor . 
  i hope they improve their leadership soon , so we can enjoy it more often . 
  bacon and beer , what is there to hate . 
   grrrr !, 
  no denmark on this one either . 
  i 'm gon na need trigger warnings soon . 
  :p probably somewhere between the netherlands and germany :p, 
  is there a similar poll for russian likes and dislikes ? 
  i would really want to see that one . 
  i assume you would hate everyone in europe except belarus and serbia ( & co ) , but i want to see * how much * , 
   most people do n't even know what one is interestingly enough , my name and nationality led often to remarks about the lycan from underworld . 
  werewolves , vampires , close enough i guess . 
  hm , i have to disagree .
