   the eu has more important issues to resolve currently than your national interest . 
  would those issues happen to be the netherlands ' national interest ? 
   boy if we werent in nato we would have been so fucked right now they would have probably just carved a small corridor to kaliningrad , no biggie , 
   with the romanian accent it sounded like `` the ducks come from the trucks '' . 
  which is ( sometimes ) true !, 
   soon romania 's population is going to drop another million . 
  there is no connection between the right to working abroad ( romanians already have this ) and schengen . 
  it mostly matters for transport of goods ( commerce ) . 
   it 's a sensitive topic , sometimes we do n't dare to say things as they are because we 're afraid that it plays into the hands of the swedish democrats ( populist right-wing ) are police officers allowed to express political affiliations and opinions ? 
  i thought this was a big no-no in civilized countries . 
  acting on those opinions as a police officer would probably get you in jail around here ... what happened to the concept of unaffiliated public servants ? 
   nominal gdp can change quite a bit when a currency 's strength changes . 
  oh , the numbers were for nominal gdp . 
  got it . 
   you could do that , or you could check out the other link he posted [ 1 ] . 
  what is `` knoema '' ? 
  according to this site , romania had a -12 % decrease in gdp in 2015 ? 
  and germany -13 % ? 
  cluj-napoca , the bigger - albeit a bit dirtier - version  the people are great in both cities though . 
  i recommend you also visit timisoara ( where i am from ) - a bit more aggressive ( ? ), 
  people , but nice overall and great looking city . 
   soon , when all members leave , romania can switch of the light and close the door behind it . 
  the only country in schengen !, 
  take that eu !, 
  friended , 
  well i highly recommend sibiu . 
  do you work in it ? 
  did you find a job already ? 
   psst . 
  can romania into schengen ? 
  i am getting the feeling in a year or so it wo n't matter any more . 
   i turned something wrong or it was already deformed due to the cold , not sure but i do n't like it , no sir !, 
  cold cold nights and days , so cold . 
  will you fix it or wait for summer ? 
   funnily enough i 'm moving to romania . 
  you are welcome here !, 
  which city did you choose ? 
   honestly , i know some croatians who gave up good jobs , a lawyer in one case , to become krankenpfleger and continued for years because `` alles ist hier m\u00f6glich '' . 
  people are weird and brainwashed sometimes . 
  without knowing the details , i can sort of respect that choice . 
  it is not a choice i would make , but it can make sense to reset everything sometimes in life . 
  living in germany has other benefits than high pay , such as not needing to clean my shoes every single day due to dirty sidewalks ( i have n't been to croatia , maybe it is better there  ) . 
  well , i did say managers/high level architects , and it also sometimes depends on bonus - after meeting kpis - and such . 
  i did not say how much i make , and i do not intend to :p the salaries are being driven up a lot by increase demand and small offering , plus there is a tendency for many to work as free lancers with a special sort of legal entity that implies smaller taxes . 
  also , engineers with a degree in software development , even when working in management , are completely exempt from the revenue tax here !, 
  it is done to encourage the industry , for the past 12 years , but i wonder how much longer they will keep this pretty unfair perk . 
   i would like to see the day that eastern european states marred by corruption shake of these shackles and overcome it before my balls reach my knees . 
  same . 
  it is incredibly frustrating , i ca n't describe it . 
   it likely wont i will bet you a month of gold they will , before june this year  are you on board ? 
  i was talking about after-tax money . 
  i guess all the talk about salaries in it in romania catching up to the west have merit ( mind you , it is probably the only field where this applies ) . 
  that being said , i have hired people in germany for sales and on-site requirements engineering whom i had to pay more than me , so it really depends on the position . 
  in engineering there seems to be less of a difference , especially as you can be upper-middle class here as a software engineer with  8 years experience ( if you are a good one ) . 
  i wonder when the it industry here will start moving to india , 
   why give 3000 euro to a german when you can keep the position open for 2300 then whine until the gov let you hire an indian/romanian/whatever for that price ? 
  i assume those numbers just for example 's sake 's ; 3000 euro for a high-skilled , experienced software architect / project manager / product manager is about the market price in romania . 
  there would be no incentive to move to germany for less . 
  honestly , i gave the new polish government the benefit of the doubt when faced with eu ( and other parties ) criticism . 
  however , presuming this quote is not out of context , and presuming this person truly represents the general opinion of the government , i am starting to understand the big fuss made recently in the press . 
  there is value in conservative policy , of course , but it is hard to ignore that eastern europe needs to catch up to the rest of the eu , and not only in economic terms . 
  i am surprised a polish government would employ tactics from the despised russian counterparts , assuming i am reading this right . 
  could any polish redditor with factual knowledge about the situation enlighten us to the meaning behind this statement ? 
  is this person perfectly aligned to the main government policy , or is this more of an extreme outburst/out of context statement ? 
   where do you live if it 's not a secret ? 
  ... he wrote , boarding his su-24 , 
   their economy is half the size of germany even though they have about the same size population . 
  it is , actually , approximately 1/5th of germany 's economy . 
   major trolling it was . 
  1 day later he says he spoke with patriarch on phone and changes his mind . 
  if i got it right , he only said the government would support special projects when possible , but the decision about building new churches ( including the famous cathedral ) stands . 
  on [ / r/romania ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/top/?sort=top&amp;t=year ) [ prime minister victor ponta resigns ] ( http://www.mediafax.ro/politic/premierul-victor-ponta-si-a-depus-mandatul-14873222 ) [ the new ciolos government completely cuts all expenses for building and renovating churches ] ( http://www.realitatea.net/lovitura-dura-pentru-patriarh-guvernul-ciolos-nu-mai-da-bani-la-biserici_1843864.html ) [ first 3d printer completely made and assembled in timisoara , romania ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/comments/33bvzg/prima_imprimanta_3d_100_proiectata_si_asamblata/ ) edit : linked to the comments for the 3rd thread , as facebook is not allowed on this sub . 
  you are looking at the answers provided in the first set of graphs , which ask the question about important issues for the eu . 
  if you scroll down , you will see the answers for the same question asked about ( our country ) , which are different ( 6 % worry about terrorism , and 29 % about the economic situation - still pretty low i guess ) . 
   also romania about terrorism ( 43 % ) even though no one would bomb romania . 
  43 % see it as an important issue for the eu . 
  only 6 % see it as a problem for romania . 
  check out the graph below and the actual questions . 
   because we do n't greet you as if you were our long lost what ? 
  i get kissed every morning when i visit my customer 's office in lyon . 
  also non-stop picnics and over-the-top niceness whatever i do . 
  and this started the first day i visited , it was the greetings . 
  i ca n't think of friendlier people . 
   any use of the swiss flag that might offend the swiss is illegal any history with this ? 
  are dutch addicted to skying ? 
   it 's legal to beat up swedes after sundown , but only on saturdays . 
  does this law apply for foreign nationals who happen to be on a trip to norway ? 
  also , are there many swedes in your country ? 
  just curious !, 
   his wound is not life threatening :( this is the guy who threatened to [ fly over romania in a bomber ] ( http://www.thewire.com/global/2014/05/russian-diplomat-twitter-threatens-to-fly-a-bomber-into-romania/362032/ ) , because he was not permitted in eu space ( sanctions ) . 
   another evidence baltics are northern , not eastern europe  . 
  not really , we do it in romania as well , 
  `` i do n't know much about shoes . 
  do they fit well ? '', 
   in what ways does it hurt you guys ? 
  it does n't . 
  no issues as far as most of us are concerned . 
   romanian gypsies were sent to hungary were romanian gypsies actually sent to hungary ? 
   state relations are kind of average , cultural too . 
  yes , but cordial .
