  btw , i am not for redistribution of wealth , even the funds currently redistributed for infrastructure i do n't see as necessarily positive , as it encourages corruption and does n't incentivize market liberalization in the new member states . 
  governments are always going to be somewhat corrupt , the issue in the east is that the economy was pretty much `` planned '' , which means that people in power have more ways to control investments and resource allocation , thus there is more opportunity to take bribes and provide advantages to their interest groups . 
  i am one of the most pro-private business people you will meet around here . 
  but i believe a proper fiscal union would be a good thing for the eurozone ( not an economist , though ) , and would encourage the new members to strive to ascend to it . 
  i say impose a tough standard for ascension if it makes sense , but do n't stop the unification process . 
  i love these , really cool . 
   he saved pretty hungarian girls from the clutches of the enemy not the mingers , though . 
  they can have those , 
  you can take on a lot of debt  fight the power !, 
  compared to cee though , your economic strength is colossa . 
  romania has a gdp per capita of 55 % of the eu average . 
  i assume the netherland has considerably more than 100 % . 
  there is an issue with countries joining the euro zone with less than ( the calculations vary , but let 's say ) 80 % of eu average gdp . 
  but the issue exists without the fiscal union , which i am hoping will be achieved in the near to medium future . 
  she 's ... tall ? 
  has the mayor 's job description changed recently ? 
  yes , you summarized it perfectly  but they are allowed to nap after lunch , and it helps . 
  the uk rail is most of the time made up of replacement buses . 
  hehe, 
  if the us military does it , that makes it even more funny to see others in the comments calling it laziness . 
  did you work for a japanese company ? 
  they do this , and it makes sense . 
  i tried it as well , and it can be refreshing , if i did not drink a huge amount of coffee before lunch . 
  i like working late as well , and a little nap after lunch helps keep me going until late in the night . 
   i think the series tag has been misspelled . 
  i thought they made it so it translates in my language based on my flair , 
  you have a strange way of interpreting comments and your conversation seems misleading on purpose . 
  you are exaggerating my points and making it seem like i am suggesting events instead of analyzing positioning . 
  but this substitution is all of your own making , not mine . 
  you are describing the political situation . 
  i had in mind the military situation . 
  after annexing crimea , russia has invested a lot in their naval and air bases there , and even equipped their forces there with medium ranged iskander missiles , which are capable of being fitted with nuclear warheads ( not saying they have ) . 
  this changes drastically the balance of forces in the black sea , where there are already 2 semi-open conflicts ( russia/ukraine and russia/georgia ) , one strategic conflict ( russia/turkey ) and it is in close proximity to the syrian war . 
  the iskander missiles deployed in crimea can hit the entire romanian seaside , including the largest and most important black sea nato port - constanta . 
  the iskander missiles in crimea are also not vulnerable to the anti-misslie shield installed in romania . 
   ive heard we are buying antitank stuff next we [ already did ] ( http://www.romaniajournal.ro/romania-buys-antitank-weapons-worth-eur-110m-from-german-company/ ) , but it is possible we will be getting more . 
  i would prefer some newer mbts to be honest , but just because tanks are cool . 
   also a bit much to describe russia 's actions as ` antics ' when they are in their home waters . 
  they mean annexing crimea . 
  our pilots have gotten really good at parachuting  look at the bright side , we do n't want pussies in the air force . 
  my driving instructor used to say if i can drive his logan well , i would be incredible in a better car . 
  let 's hope it translates to flying . 
  well we are pretty poor , but you are right , due to our size we are the second largest economy in cee ( barely ) , so % of gdp would still allow us a better equipped military . 
  i doubt we are maintaining them , if they do n't lift off any more we go get another one from the warehouse , 
  nah , we even upgraded about 100 of them , 
  well , your mexican food is great  cheer up , dude . 
  we are waiting for an f-16 squadron from portugal ( they ca n't afford paying the bill due to budget cuts ) and i heard there are plans to get another squadron this or next year . 
  it seems like they are investing more in the navy for now , because of the crimea stuff and fears of russian aggressiveness in the black sea , as well as armored vehicles - in case the situation turns hot in transnistria . 
  the defense is going to 2 % of gdp starting in 2017 , so i expect more acquisitions . 
  we have a quite sizable force of mbts and airplanes , but they are all getting very old and starting to rust . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.hotnews.ro/zoom.html?desc=foto:%20fortele%20aeriene%20romane&amp;name=avioane%20f%2022%20raptor%20langa%20mig%2021%20lancer&amp;imgurl=http://media.hotnews.ro/media_server1/image-2016-04-25-20957516-41-avioane-22-raptor-langa-mig-21-lancer.jpg ) they are next to our mig 21 lancers , 
  the article is badly written . 
  they meant the full deployment to the continent , which is part of the european reassurance initiative , including the ones sent to lakenheath ( uk ) , germany and estonia . 
   next time vote social democrats . 
  the social democrats in my country are an evil party of corrupt ex-communists , and most of them are in jail or going to jail anyway . 
  and then there is juncker ... hard choice , i must admit . 
  come on , chin up man ... just kick out that moron orban and you will get back to proper growth . 
  sorry if you are an orban fan :p, 
   i am still waiting for the juncker plan . 
  haha , i am waiting for juncker to gtfo . 
  that 's my plan . 
  are there any steps that can be taken to end his mandate early ? 
   deutsche bank denied the claims in the lawsuit , saying in a statement monday : `` we disagree with the allegations and will be defending ourselves in court . '' pr speak for `` we did it , but believe we can win in court '' or `` we know we have to pay a fine , but we can fight for reduced compensation '' . 
  which one is it , though ? 
  i saw one !, 
  wait ... 
  he is no frankie boyle , but he was n't that bad , was he ? 
  one of the better guest panelist i would say . 
  science !, 
  [ position 13 in the top ] ( http://www.worldstopexports.com/natural-honey-exporters/ ) hungary is in the 9th spot , but apparently they are more known for their lard . 
  i personally expected paprika , but it does n't go well with sushi i guess . 
   honey [ foreigners dig romanian honey ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/foreigners-dig-romanian-honey-japanese-company-local-producer-apidavas-biggest-client/26778/ ), 
  germans on this sub are getting funnier every day . 
  keep it up mate , fight the stereotypes !, 
   the european security architecture , the established post-war rule that borders are not to be changed by military action , does not exist like it did before crimea . 
  i agree , and it is the reason ee ( well , mostly the ones who border russia right now ) are going insane . 
  but if they are gobbled up somehow , then new ones will become neighbors and so on . 
  the point is we can give a strong message right now , by helping the states who are in danger , and deter further aggression before it becomes the new world order . 
   they have nothing much we want which we can not buy way more cheaply than what an occupation would cost - both directly as well as in lost international reputation . 
  i am pretty sure it would start a war with many parties involved , it 's not just the lost reputation at stake . 
  because we do n't accept that kind of action any more . 
  the serbs did it in their own country , and still got bombed until they stopped . 
   to have international law , you need an international law-giver and an international law-enforcer . 
  we lack both . 
  i thought that 's what the security council was created for ? 
  ok , it 's not really working as designed , but at least there is intent . 
  good thing we are investing in our military , 
  diplomacy plays a more important role than military strength in this age , unless you happen to border russia or north korea ( or the like ) . 
  jellinek wrote his analysis before the world wars , a lot has changed since then in the civilized world . 
  austria has a weak military and is not in nato , but you have n't invaded them yet . 
  because we have international law that sane states abide by . 
   hungry , 
  right . 
  i agree . 
  who said they should be stationed in the baltics ? 
  it 's just a veiled threat to improve the negotiating position , they wo n't actually do it . 
   i was merely addressing a possible argument before it was made . 
  that the us is clamping down on travel . 
  nobody is making that argument , this is about a new eu decision and has nothing to do with the us decision . 
  again , this is only a way to increase leverage in negotiations for ttip , which would allow free trade , but not implement freedom of travel ** only in one direction ** ( from countries like romania which do not meet the visa waiver requirements ) .
