  i very much doubt the eu would risk the whole thing just to implement visa-waivers . 
  this is how negotiations go . 
  we will most likely veto the canada trade deal , as a show of strength , then agree with them and with the us for a program to be implemented so that we get visa waivers for these countries in a matter of years . 
   wars are for determining if you have the power to defend yourself . 
  and alliances are for balancing your weakness . 
  btw , do you remember how germany was occupied after the last war ? 
  no country for you then , right ? 
  you are saying you do n't want the americans to help countries in the east , and you do n't want your country to do it either . 
  it 's every man for himself ? 
  i think we are going with the americans on this one . 
   this general must be much smarter than i because i can not see how escalating the situation with no political will to back it up is going to bring us anything . 
  he may very well just be making political statements without intent to go through with them . 
  keep the pressure on with a bit of threat - see , we could be doing a lot more than we are and our generals even demand it - and provide the political people with leverage in negotiations . 
  seems pretty tame to me . 
  [ only in kenia !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hptbnhehpou ), 
  wrong flag :(, 
  yes , it is the parliament 's job . 
  so there is no chance anything good will happen  fuck we need to clean up that sorry institution ... 
  mate , you should read the article . 
  thank you !, 
  addressing the real issues . 
  this is a good way to look at your life as well . 
  winning !, 
   then there will be plenty of romanians sitting at on each street corner anyway , so they 'll be around if anyone needs them to sing . 
  to be fair , some of them sing better than the average eurovision contestant . 
  he will be very useful if i ever find myself in a trial by combat . 
  assholes , 
  no money for props . 
  they reused some from the circus show they have running on the side . 
  ... as a warning to greece . 
  hehe . 
  a romanian politician would be prone to the same mistake , due to the inexact translation of `` exploatare '' , which can have a positive meaning ( putting to good use ) . 
  i would n't read too much into it , the context he used it in points to a positive message . 
  russia stronk though . 
  little innocent us , 
  no no , the public tv station had debts accumulated , some of them unrelated to eurovision . 
  they have been under fire for mismanagement for a while , and now at least there is a big enough fuss for the public to know exactly how bad they are really doing . 
  we pay with our electricity bill for the national tv every month . 
  i do n't even own a tv for many years , but i still supported them . 
  and they throw money like at a gipsy weeding ( no racism intended ) . 
  the government refused to pay their debt because it would be breaking the anti-competition law . 
  i am choosing to see this a s a good thing . 
  also , i dislike eurovision , but that 's another matter , 
  good ( sort of ) . 
  the public television network has been mismanaged for so long , it is time the public understands how bad the situation really is . 
  the government could have simply paid of their debts , but they said it would have been an anti-comptetitive measure and they are right . 
  i am at least seeing some positives in this incident . 
  true . 
  i simply interpreted , at the time , for ukraine to be threatened to be cut off due to unpaid bills , as a form of peaceful leverage from russia at the time ; the prospect for the recent violent fighting did not enter my mind at the time , i can quite clearly remember this . 
  i was laughing when it was suggested in the press russia could engage the ukraine militarily . 
  and yes , cee values a lot more ukraine 's issues now due to the covert war . 
  is it because they care about the well-being of their neighbor , or as a form of protecting themselves ? 
  it is hard to correctly asses the intents of nations as conglomerates , especially as standard morals apply a bit differently in such cases . 
  maybe it is the latter . 
  i know that i , personally , reluctantly sort-of oppose the project for the former reason . 
   no ee country gave a fuck about ukraine when it came to ss ukraine was not an issue when it came to ss for a long period . 
  russia annexed crimea in 2014 , the ss project got canceled later that year . 
  for most of the talks , which started in 2007 , ukraine was not an issue in the picture . 
  ss was mostly an answer to nabucco , and the ukraine crisis did matter in the decision . 
  see [ south stream implications ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_stream#implications ) for a reference . 
  still , i do see your point . 
  the ee countries did attempt to protect their interests just like germany is doing now . 
  i ( we ? ), 
  am not vilifying germany at all in this matter . 
  i am on the fence on this issue , as i have said before . 
  i do n't have a strong opinion either way , it is a complex issue . 
  in my post above , i was just clarifying the current situation , as i understand it . 
  while some say [ bulgaria is to blame ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/news/russia-confirms-decision-to-abandon-south-stream/ ) , and others say [ it was romania ] ( http://www.agerpres.ro/english/2014/12/20/basescu-opposed-south-stream-resumption-and-criticises-omv-in-relation-with-gazprom-21-55-00 ) , i ca n't agree that eastern europe did not oppose it . 
  we do n't want ss , it was us who actually blocked it ( but keep blaming the germans  ) . 
  we are doing this out of solidarity . 
  the current speculation is no new pipe is needed , and the existing system is satisfactory . 
  the need arises if bypassing the ukraine is deemed necessary . 
  i do n't dispute the strength of the dutch navy . 
  the strategy russia could presumably use would be to stage naval exercises at the edge of your territorial waters , in the path of commercial shipping . 
  it would n't be in your best interest to escalate militarily in this scenario . 
  the more likely response would be severe sanctions from the eu , maybe even blockading the bosphorus ( very dangerous escalation ) . 
  or , give them the concessions they are presumably looking for . 
  this is the reason i am undecided on what our stance on russia should be at the moment . 
  it worries me their leadership seems to deal a lot more in terms of ( military ) strength and weakness with what would normally be boring external policy stuff . 
  i think the netherlands and romania are both in a good position in regards to russia : * self-reliant on gas * little to no economic dependency ( romania simply does almost not trade with russia ) . 
  though i actually consider your position as investors in their economy as actually weaker in this regards - they might tend to nationalize stuff if shit hits the fan . 
  * no common border we are of course in a weaker position simply because : * we were in the old soviet block ( but the population hates russia as a result ; they can invest 10 % of gdp in propaganda here , and it would have little effect ) * we have interests with moldova and transnistria can turn into a conflict if/when the russian leadership decide it makes sense . 
  i agree it is ludicrous that russia would simply attack any of the eu/nato countries ( though the baltics are a lot weaker in this regard due to the russian minority and prospect for hybrid warfare ) . 
  however , they could easily ( ? ), 
  disrupt us from exploiting our maritime resources , and you guys are very dependent on maritime trade , which russia could also disrupt simply by being aggressive with their warships in proximity of your territorial waters . 
  again , all crazy theories , but so was russia engaging in a conflict with the ukraine , their `` brothers '' until a few years ago . 
  i think we have different views as nations , and countries like russia can surprise us with their `` crazy '' decisions . 
  neither of our nations would rally up behind a leader with insane external policies , and we assume this to be the status quo in the world . 
  but it does n't appear to be . 
   but we 're not sworn enemies , they pose no danger to us let 's hope that does n't change as your interests start to diverge . 
  harsh , but funny . 
   `` i admire his determination - he had learnt hebrew , the jewish traditions and prayers , all through listening to israeli radio , '' she said . 
  i think they should have let him be a rabbi , he earned it , 
   eu has problems but not everything is eu 's fault . 
  sadly , people have the tendency to mistake good oratory skills and unreasonable confidence for good points and intelligence . 
  no wonder politicians are such scum . 
   what do you think ? 
  should i serve it with milk ? 
  we are n't savages .
