  i have never heard of it , seems more absurd than most . 
   the current minister of environment treats chemtrails seriously i had to google that . 
  `` wow '' is all i can say . 
   does it feel like things are really getting better ? 
  most of the corruption cases are from a few years back . 
  i feel like the new people with political power are getting sufficiently scared by the actions to hopefully stay on the straight and narrow . 
  the ones who already made shady deal are shaking in their boots , of course ; and you can sort of tell whom they are , judging by their comments on how justice is handled . 
  their time will come soon enough , 
  i keep partying when high level people go to jail . 
  i am getting worried i may become an alcoholic soon . 
   instead of listening to them we should banned like russia did . 
  no , we should n't act like russia , obviously . 
  there is however a problem with these ngo 's :  people that work day to day with this refugees apparently they do n't want to do it anymore , because they disagree with the way the eu is handling it . 
  consider the following case : doctors in romania are severely underpaid and hospitals grossly under-funded . 
  how would you feel if the way they chose to protest this situation was to collectively not come to work anymore ? 
  patients be damned , the government is doing a bad job in health , so they are pulling out . 
  do you think my counter-example is exaggerated ? 
  i am confused . 
  are n't we paying for these organizations exactly so that they help people who find themselves under horrible situations such as these ? 
  regardless of their feelings about the way the eu handles the situation , how can they abandon their work at this moment in time , when even they say things are getting worse ? 
  will the employees of these ngo 's give up their salaries as well ? 
  or were they doing this for free ? 
  poor thing does n't have batteries , so it ca n't submerge , but it can still fire a torpedo !, 
   coulibaly , for example , was using 20 different phones , according to brisard , and ** each required a different officer to monitor the incoming and outgoing calls . 
  ** they present this as a `` matter of a fact '' statement . 
  why would you need one officer per phone ? 
  are they binding their brain to the phone and ca n't handle another one ? 
   your national sub gets hold of the government . 
  what happens ? 
  we torpedo the bitches !, 
  actually , i think the list is the one on page 33 of [ this paper ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/stud/2016/579319/eprs_stu%282016%29579319_en.pdf ) . 
  the positions are different than the ones from transparency international , as they are an average of the numbers for the period 1995 - 2014 . 
  i posted the links in my post above , i think they are the correct ones . 
  if i am understanding it right , the study seems to be referencing the period 1995 - 2014 , and i am not surprised if romania was the worst offender over those years . 
  the study seems to be [ this one ] ( http://www.rand.org/news/press/2016/03/22.html ) . 
  it also contains the link to the [ full paper ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/stud/2016/579319/eprs_stu%282016%29579319_en.pdf ) . 
  i do n't understand why this was missing from the article ... edit : also , the information seems to refer to the period 1995 - 2014 . 
  the best comment on that article says :  there is no corruption in bulgaria , just like there was n't any in nastase 's romania . 
  politicians started stealing after dna was founded . 
   we 're also bigger drunks . 
  surely that is a plus for our camp . 
  and they are slavs , so it should count double . 
   or current day swedes are pussies ... 
  doubt it , i like pussy . 
   also , your criminal gangs who terrorize people and businesses . 
  is there significant romanian organized crime in france ( i am honestly not aware of that ) . 
  also you should consider a couple of things : 1 . 
  a random romania redditor claiming we want out of the eu is not relevant of the population 's opinion 2 . 
  countries can not be kicked out of the eu due to how the treaties were drafted . 
  being a founding nation does n't award special powers, 
  the map needs updating . 
  vat is now 20 % in romania for general items except for food ( instead of 24 % ) . 
  also , vat for food items is 9 % . 
   it 's 100 % romanian - the banner says something about renovating gardens . 
  i always suspected you to be a spy , now i have proof !, 
  but did n't they charge the other guy ( at the jewish shop ) with shields as well , and one of them - with massive balls - just went in and took the shots on the shield , while the others shot him with handguns ? 
  body armor is the wrong word i guess ? 
  america taught us well . 
  thanks for the chuckle , 
  if you almost fail , try and try again . 
  maybe it was because we went through the scare of actually electing vadim tudor to president . 
  i believe his party was gaining in the polls just as a fuck you to the political class , and when he made it to the second election round , we started to get really worried and realized we are close to putting a nut in cotroceni . 
  i still remember that election evening in the student 's dorm , trying to convince friends to go vote for iliescu , a man i despised with all my heart , because he was the lesser evil . 
  yes , the `` first try '' at the dna ( pna ) was a rather pathetic one . 
  but placing the country under mcv , and tying it to the schengen ascension , bolstered the creation of today 's dna , even if not by design . 
  i despise orb\u00e1n , and i despise even more that the alternative seems to be jobbik , which would damage the relationship between our countries and probably even stir up some shit in romania , among nationalist sz\u00e9kelys . 
  i assume you are looking at the ppp-adjusted gdp , but i would n't use that as a reliable measurement , not when comparing economies of countries . 
  the nominal gdp is actually 100 bil . 
  less than i remembered it to be . 
  turkey is poorer per capita than 27 of the eu members , unfortunately , but let 's hope that will change . 
  ( i am basically enforcing the point you made in your post above ), 
  i was making a joke , but thank you for the informative post . 
   $ 1.576 trillion turkey does n't have a gdp over a trillion , mate . 
  it is a bit over 800 billion . 
   why is your language hard to learn ? 
  to protect against foreign spies . 
  damn . 
  anybody know what they want ? 
   he may have abandoned his suicide vest in paris my innate optimism wanted to believe that to be sudden qualms of conscience , but i vote coward . 
  which is good for us , interestingly enough . 
  right !, 
  i want to see what kind of weapon abdeslam had in his possession , maybe if it was a small firearm the police could afford to no shoot to kill , relying on their body armor ? 
  the french were against heavy weapons , and in one case there were also hostages . 
  also perhaps not to be neglected , they were probably a lot more pissed of . 
   he apparently got shot , so idk if he wanted to be caught alive . 
  i would have thought `` suicide by cop '' should be easy enough to achieve if you really wish it , but maybe i watched too many movies . 
  interesting that they caught him alive . 
  good job !, 
  this makes me wonder whether he subscribed to the suicide/martyrdom theory , or was actually just tricking other , less smart people , into doing it . 
  keep in mind he fled paris after others killed themselves , as well . 
  not that i am complaining , of course . 
  but how come the extremist would-be-terrorists still look up to him ? 
  does n't this go against their fucked-up beliefs ? 
  do you elect members of parliament in an uninominal vote , or is it party-based ? 
  did you try protesting ? 
  i think i read about protests regarding school funding , but i do n't think anti-corruption protests made the news over here . 
  also , there should be a way to get a good dna institution going , though the eu had to impose it on us ... 
   props for the cross instead of stars , though . 
  wish we 'd thought of that . 
  [ our bird ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_romania ) also has a cross in its beak .
