  so you would n't go to jail if you lose the case . 
  [ noua dreapta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noua_dreapt%c4%83 ) are a despicable far-right group with nazi views . 
  they even have a political party . 
  it is not against the law . 
  i know of no case where someone got convicted for hate speech in romania . 
  and we tend to speak a lot of shit on tv , it is part of `` our culture '' . 
  there are from time to time libel cases , mostly politicians will sue each other and demand 1 ron in damages or something , to clear his/her honor ( lol ) . 
  what is restricted in terms of civil liberties and might matter : gay marriage is not recognized , not even civil unions . 
  we are working on it . 
  italy did it , and we mostly follow a few years down the road . 
  also , the stance on drugs is very tough , and you wo n't be able to get access to what you would in some parts of the us ( or at least you face serious risks ) . 
  and , perhaps very important to americans , gun laws are very very tough . 
  you wo n't be able to get one , basically . 
  we do n't like guns around here , and there is almost no gun violence to speak of . 
  other than that , enjoy romania . 
   op wanted an absolute score , and most rankings put ee lower then we . 
  fair enough . 
  i think those scoring agencies are pretty crap , if you ask me . 
  for instance , some mp tried to bring in a defamation law , \u00e0 la we , and he got swore at so much on facebook in one night that he had to give up . 
   they list countries as `` free '' that have laws against insulting public officials , insulting religions and religious figures , hate speech , etc. 
  the only instance i know of that you could get a fine for ( if they sue you and win in court ) is for defamation , such as claiming on a public media channel that - let 's say - a person stole money from someone , and that person can prove that it did not happen and you knew it did not happen . 
  i think you can get sued for that sort of thing in the us as well . 
  give me a concrete example about what you might say that could get you in trouble , and i will check for you . 
  anyway , you ca n't say anything that would get you into prison , not even holocaust denial ( i am talking about romania ) . 
   anywhere but the balkan countries really . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what sort of things are you not able to say in romania , or even broadcast on the news ? 
  i can swear on the president to his face on tv , and there is nothing he can do about it . 
  what am i missing ? 
   anyway , better be safe than sorry . 
  perhaps , but it is not very neighborly . 
  if we are doing our job well , please do n't punish us . 
   they are using kids as shields . 
  are they not the parents ? 
   `` everywhere you look there are children , we 've never seen so many , '' added gillie . 
  `` they were gassed too . 
  ten of the 22 we had to treat for respiratory problems were kids and four were under the age of five . '' wtf were children under the age of five doing near the fence while the men were attacking it ? 
   are they that badass ? 
  all protests in romania are now peaceful ones . 
   it 's impossible to stop them without a fence . 
  i hope they are n't dumb enough to try and fight romanian gendarmes . 
  those boys love a good training ... 
   heads-up : we are pondering on making a border fence on the romanian border too . 
  i thought the romanian border guards were quite capable , and we have a very advanced detection system . 
  did any migrant get through to hungary from the romanian side ? 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1q79zxm.jpg ) is what a dna case looks like in paper form . 
  there is a lot of work to do , and this is why we love dna prosecutors so much . 
  also , they are getting some help from the [ romanian intelligence service ] ( https://www.sri.ro/homepage ) . 
  she is becoming hotter with every crooked politician she puts behind bars . 
  also , you should consider it is generally ( well , depends on the taxation in your country ) more convenient to not pay yourself all the money through salary , but rather extract dividends at the end of the year , as the taxes will be far lower . 
  it works as long as you have economies or other means to support yourself until the financial year ends . 
  in some countries you can even extract dividends on a quarterly basis , so that makes it easier . 
   is it even legal to try and stop them from moving through greece ? 
  i mean , police preventing registered refugees from moving around is n't like stopping greek citizens from moving from one place to another ? 
  the countries they are moving into are not in the schengen area . 
  even greek citizens can not go into macedonia or bulgaria unless the border guards allow them to , i assume ? 
  edit : never mind , i misunderstood the question , it was about moving through greece rather than across the border . 
  good question , i wish i knew the answer - is this regulated by the refugee convention or by the greek internal laws ? 
  we are vulgar people . 
  i recommend you start an sme and contract in that manner , it makes things a lot simpler than trying to get hired remotely . 
  you will need to figure the taxes and healthcare into the rate you advertise , so you do n't pay everything out of pocket . 
  but you can perhaps later hire more people and grow a consulting and/or contracting business . 
   yes . 
  i 'm not interested in debating quota levels . 
  i think that the eu should be completely incapable of imposing any quotas at all . 
  yes . 
  although we did sign the contracts that make it possible , and this is still our responsibility , which we need to abide by . 
  if we choose , we can also fight to change this , in light of new developments . 
  anyway , do you also agree we should do what we can to help out the border countries , first by taking in some refugees to ease the pressure , and then by participating in a proper solution that avoids waves of refugees and migrants in the eu ? 
  i mean , imagine that the ukraine war got really bad and poland and us got swarmed with a few million refugees ; would you not expect help from other eu countries ? 
   good . 
  waiting for the same referendum in romania , so i and everyone else can vote against the quotas . 
  if we vote for them , will you move to hungary ? 
  please ? 
  i say do business with germany , and live in a latin country . 
  best of two worlds . 
    well sure , i can also see turkey 's point in this . 
   what do you perceive it to be ? 
  they are a poor country ( even more poor per capita than romania ) , taking care of more refugees than germany - albeit at different standards of quality . 
  if people leave the country out of their own will , why invest energy and funds in keeping them in turkey ? 
  in theory they leave in international waters ( the geography of greek islands makes it greek waters , so it gets more complicated ) , and turkey is not legally responsible for their actions . 
  ... erdogan 's blackmailing aside , of course . 
   careful there . 
  i know of people who were excluded from job selection processes because they had both romanian and moldovan written in their cvs . 
  seriously ? 
  they should sue , but it is hard to prove , i guess . 
  i have hired moldavian people , the best of the best used to make it to romania , and they worked very hard . 
  those employers cheated themselves . 
   they want more in portugal but weirdly none of them want to go . 
  this one seemed to , according to his statement . 
  but it seems to be a problem for most , unfortunately . 
   `` i do n't know exactly what our final destination will be , '' he said . 
  `` we want to go to any country that accepts us . '' he sounds like a genuine refugee . 
   cheap comeback : you need money to make money . 
  well sure , but strong principles , commercial relationships , strength in negotiations , an example to follow are more valuable assets we got from joining the eu . 
  i am not saying the money do n't matter , but i value the other things a lot more . 
  for instance , romania could get all sorts of money for the next 10 years , but if the eu did n't ** make ** the institutions create the anti-corruption agency and stick with it , we would get few benefits from the money , as they would get siphoned away like it happened initially . 
  my point is the czech republic ( and others ) would have much more to lose from leaving the eu than funding . 
  at least that is my opinion . 
  well sure , i can also see turkey 's point in this .
