  that is the opposite of it . 
  canadian citizens and businesses would be the ones with an unfair advantage , because they can come and make deals in person over here for the areas where they are doing well ( such as mining ) , while romanian citizens ca n't go to canada and close a deal ( let 's be serious , you ca n't do that over the phone unless you sell erotic phone call services ) without going through a grueling process at the embassy . 
  which is in bucharest , and you have to travel there when they say they will be ready to receive you , your schedule be damned . 
  and even then , you have restrictions on how long you can stay ... 
  if someone does n't decide that the fact that you decided to not own a house or get a wife , but rather invest in business makes you unqualified to get a visa at all . 
  sorry , single romanian dude , you might be trying to give up on your dreams and sell burgers in canada . 
  btw , my business is in no danger of going bankrupt from this deal or any other in the foreseeable future . 
  actually , a deal with canada poses no problem for me . 
  the one with the us could possibly affect me negatively , or it could be a huge opportunity , if it is done fairly . 
  and i already have a visa with the states . 
  but i am speaking hypothetically as someone who understands the issues from our side . 
  more open business is great for everybody . 
  opening business only for one side is unfair . 
  like it or not , we are part of the eu , and i expect my government to use this leverage so that we are treated fairly . 
  apart from that , canadians are nice people , i hope to visit sometime . 
  these 2 things are not unrelated , as i and others have explained in this thread . 
  and the eu is not some foreign entity , we are the eu too . 
  when you talk to the eu , you are talking to us as well . 
  you seem to view the eu as `` north america '' , or some other concept , but that really is not the case . 
  when the netherlans or romania veto such a deal , the eu is saying to canada `` no '' . 
  i do n't know how to better explain it . 
  ok , but do you get how it is in our best interest not to sign the deal ? 
  my government should protect my business , not create an unfair advantage to canadian businesses . 
  you seem like you would n't know a lot of things . 
  honestly , you are being rude for no reason . 
  the compromise in this case would be we get nothing , and canada gets everything . 
  if you own a business or signed an international contract on behalf of a company you will know why this is unacceptable from romania 's side . 
  let 's vote to change european law so that romania is exempt from this trade agreement . 
  i would be fine with that . 
  but do n't worry , our politicians are spineless , you will get your trade deal and we will suck it up . 
  have you ever been in a negotiation ? 
  give me your car for 2 euros . 
  what , you do n't want to ? 
   you ca n't have free trade and flow of capital while restricting freedom of movement . 
  demanding that is absurd . 
  they are demanding that only for romania and bulgaria , not for the important countries . 
  that makes it ok , it seems . 
   the implication that canada should rewrite our immigrations laws to favour them is insane . 
  the implication that romania would sign a trade agreement with canada without freedom of movement ( ** on its side of the deal only !, 
  ** ) is a lot more insane . 
   romania 's criteria for the trade agreement is based on something entirely unrelated to the matter at hand . 
  do you honestly think trade agreements and freedom of movement are unrelated ? 
  it is not a coincidence that the eu makes switzerland and norway sign freedom of movement agreements as a pre-requisite to having a trade deal which removes most tariffs . 
  romania would not sign a deal with canada under these conditions in a 1-to-1 agreement , because it dramatically disadvantages its citizens when doing business . 
  the question is : will it sign it as part of the eu and accept it is a second-hand country ? 
  the answer is : probably yes . 
  which is sad as a citizen , but what can i do ? 
  senpai knows what 's up . 
  oh , i feel like i have to come up with a joke now , but nothing comes to mind . 
  ( you put an exclamation sign on the romanians ' side of the dialogue , but not on the canadians ' side ), 
  why are the canadians whispering ? 
  i wish you were wrong . 
  i am just taking the piss , mate . 
  nothing against the beavers , they are all right . 
   i hope the honey is fucking fair trade as well we are the black people of europe , so you 'd better believe it . 
  i do n't know if this is a good move . 
  but i am glad we are fucking with the canadians , they had it too easy for too long . 
   its fucking honey made by fucking bees . 
  how can it not be organic ? 
  we keep them near flowers which were grown organically . 
  because we care . 
  and they claim canadians are nice . 
  ** we ** are fucking nice . 
  you call it `` organic '' . 
  [ :( ] ( http://www.vice.com/read/afghan-refugees-in-romania-crying-not-hungary-876 ), 
  update : [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4eni3o/criminal_defamation_and_insult_laws_2015/ ) is a new thread about the situation on freedom of speech laws in europe . 
  we have a similar saying . 
  i ca n't decide if your plan is communist or not . 
  ah , you heard about that theory ? 
  i like that western europeans are starting to pay attention to all our bullshit , it makes us feel important . 
  if you compliment the right people around here , you might get the damn port for free . 
   how they are not supposed to be as honest as in my parents ' original culture . 
  do you mean not making accusations of foul play in public ? 
  or swearing because a bad thing happened ? 
  and a fireman gave them a talk about culture ? 
  dutch people are like aliens , i tell you , 
  which is not in schengen . 
   i 've known people who 've lost their jobs over political affairs before . 
  i see . 
  maybe it helps to know i am not a moron   also , i do n't know about dutch people being the most honest people . 
  that is the disadvantage of stereotypes , they do n't always apply as advertised . 
  what i have seen , is dutch people ( the ones i met ) will have no problem saying your presentation sucked , even if you are the boss or a customer . 
  germans are honest about this too , but they are more conceited when talking to their bosses . 
  i think this sort of honesty in business can be very healthy , if both sides are on the same page and understand it is not emotional . 
  i have not lived in the netherlands and understand my experience does not necessarily apply to the entire nation . 
  german businesses have a vested interest in romania joining schengen , they would never veto it unless something dramatic happens . 
  which is strange , seeing how dutch people are the most brutally honest europeans i have met . 
  until you realize it is just their culture , they seem downright rude . 
  i never imagined i would hurt the feelings of a dutchie . 
  why , do you dislike jokes in the netherlands ? 
  there were also some legitimate claims to the level of corruption here , and how that might affect the process of granting schengen visas . 
  low levels of corruption is not a pre-requisite for joining schengen , and that is why we met the conditions a long time ago . 
  but we are secretly glad they did it , because the eu made the government create the dna , and that is more important than schengen . 
  still , we now want to be full members and benefit from free transit of goods . 
  no real hard feelings tbh . 
  no , it was the dutch and the ~ ~ finnish ~ ~ finns last time . 
  but if you will start taking turns with who vetoes when , that will at least be funny . 
  i assume you will have another referendum and vote nee . 
  which is funny , seeing how there are 3 dutch people in the office with me right now . 
  maybe i should fire one of them for each referendum you have .
