   it is pretty funny to see the vitriol between hungarians outside of romania , and romanians outside of transylvania . 
  you would think we can barely live with each other here , when reality is completely different . 
   arguing with him would equal you just turning on some old recording of soviet state news and arguing with the tv set my father used to do that in the 80 's !, 
   serious question , did they film a part of charlie and the chocolate factory there back in the 70s ? 
  i 'm getting serious flashbacks great eye for detail !, 
  the movie was mostly filmed in germany . 
  sibiu is culturaly the [ `` most german city '' ] ( http://europeupclose.com/article/sibiu-hermannstadt-romanian-city-german-traditions/ ) in romania , and its architecture is no exception . 
  that is a very sweet gesture . 
  i can almost imagine what it must be like to be a genuine refugee , and be grateful for the help i am getting , but my voice being unheard among the vocal complaints made by `` my group of people '' . 
  and i would belong to that group not by choice , simply by association of nationality or situation . 
  it must be incredibly frustrating . 
   i am just tired of the double standards some commenters apply in these cases . 
  i think public debate is useful , and all sides of an issue should be given attention before making important decisions . 
  sadly , the internet medium invites exaggerations and rudeness , mostly as a consequences of anonymity . 
  perhaps we need to become thicker-skinned , and accept that the same person , regardless of nationality , will behave differently in a face-to-face discussion than she would when posting on a public forum . 
  i have n't found this inner-equilibrium yet , but it is a goal , 
   and who is to judge whether a protest is `` pure comedy '' or a justified reaction to a corrupt government ? 
  i consider the greek protest to be absolutely justified , long-time coming even . 
  and the reason i believe that is : the government had the gall to organize a referendum ( with a badly phrased topic mind you , with no clear purpose really - that was the real tragicomedy ) , and then ignore its result !, 
  i am baffled how the population let them get away with that behavior , regardless of the complexity of the matter . 
  greece was in a tough spot to begin with , and your government made it worse . 
  even now , they claim to support the protests !, 
  as if they , the government of the country , have nothing to do with what is going on !, 
  i see nothing funny about it . 
   i agree , we should get more serious and start overthrowing governments for night club accidents . 
  you should get serious if you want to achieve anything of consequence , yes . 
  and this does not mean using violence , btw . 
   yes in romania there does not exist anything as separation of powers . 
  we all understand it does exist , and is pretty well defined . 
  however , there is pervasive tendency from the population to try and blame things on one institution , or preferably person , without much consideration . 
  a good example is blaming the president for not dissolving the parliament , or not firing the pm , when he clearly does ' t have this power granted through the constitution . 
  it all seems to be a syndrome of the past communist days . 
  politicians do n't help this issue , and used it in their own interest by making inflammatory accusations and threats to win over the public vote . 
  now there is finally a president who acts ( even in his remarks ) in the spirit of the constitution , and he gets labelled as being `` weak ''  oh well , its not all doom and gloom , ever since the revolution , things have been constantly improving . 
  we started at a very low level , so there is much improvement to be done , but i enjoy living in a country where things are constantly improving , even if we are very much behind the western states . 
  it makes being optimistic about the future easy , and that improves quality of life ( at least for some of us ) more than luxury would . 
   he wants the uk to leave the eu and he will use the migrant crisis as a way of doing it . 
  that is interesting . 
  without knowing the details about his interests , and just reading this article , i got the opposite impression . 
   what it does have is enough to potentially stop the few remaining russian ballistic missiles that would survive a us preemptive attack . 
  that is pretty sneaky . 
  i like it . 
   do they really ? 
  i might be getting a wrong picture from the leftist media here in germany , but europe as a whole seems to be extremly anti-us at the moment to the point where they glorify putin like the messiah . 
  the opposite is true in most of eastern europe . 
  they even [ requested for more nato troops in their countries ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/170409/nato's+eastern+members+plan+to+hold+bucharest+summit+in+november ) , as a response to perceived russian aggression . 
  actually , germany and the eu commission are taking a hit in popularity around here , due to their pro-russian stance and appeasing tone towards putin 's policies . 
  fair enough . 
   more like the power the hold will make them virtually untouchable . 
  they are not elected . 
  do the people control them ? 
  through what means ? 
  the president proposes the director of the sri , and the parliament is the entity that has the power to name them into office . 
  the members of the council of directors also have to provide all sorts of documents regarding their wealth , their interests and so on : you can view this information [ here ] ( http://www.sri.ro/conducere.html ) , but it is only in romanian :( is this an infallible system ? 
  i certainly do n't think so . 
  it seems to be the same for other entities , such as the police . 
  the management might change periodically , like in any democracy , but the employees largely remain the same . 
  then again , i do n't have a better proposal , but ideas are always welcome . 
  dismantling the information agency of every country in the world will not be achieved as long as humanity organizes and positions itself in adversarial lumps of people , with competing interests . 
  what is your view for an improved solution ? 
   by ex you mean like 18 years ago . 
  yes . 
  is that bad ? 
  sorry , i just ca n't figure out what you are trying to say . 
  do you think the sri is more corrupt/communist than it was in the past ? 
  or that they are untouchable because they involved in investigations ? 
  ( that seems like a good point ), 
   okay , so when will corruption cases that also involve the sri come to light then ? 
  the ex-chief of the sri is [ being investigated ] ( http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/digi24/actualitate/justitie/ion+iliescu+reaudiat+in+dosarul+mineriadei ) for `` crimes against humanity '' in the mineriad affair . 
   can somebody explain the `` puie monta '' thing ? 
  seen quite a bit of pictures on facebook with this text a while back ... well , that is embarrassing . 
  lets see ... um , you know how `` sick my duck '' is a play on words in english ? 
  same concept , ponta is his name , and when you replace the first letter in `` puie '' , it means he is giving head in romanian . 
  why am i explaining swear words on the internet ? 
   this sub has just shown me that the rest of europe detests the uk , does n't want to ever listen to our concerns ( even when we 're right on things like the euro and the migrant crisis ) and delights in bad news for us . 
  the conversation in the sub is not necessarily representative of its entire user-base , let alone the rest of the citizens in the eu . 
  the uk is one of the most liked members , you have nothing to worry about . 
  that link takes me to the [ complaints , compliments , and suggestions ] ( http://www.ttc.ca/customer_service/compliments_complaints_suggestions/index.jsp ) section . 
   so disappointed , but considering g\u00fcnther oettinger is the digital economies and society commissioner , it was to be expected . 
  does he have a history of pushing stuff like this ? 
   like so [ 1 ] that might be the best thing i have seen . 
   on a similar note , uk 's statistics office conducted a survey [ 1 ] on attitudes towards foreigners in various european cities with eastern eu cities overall being friendlier . 
  to be fair , cluj is not an `` average '' eastern eu city . 
   that 's what 's concerning about this . 
  we managed to create a situation so scary that many people considered more `` privileged '' -- as in young , educated , resourceful , and often with savings -- sometimes take the risk to seize an opportunity abroad . 
  eastern europe in a nutshell . 
   yeah that looks funny at first glance it looked absolutely terrifying from the first view , actually . 
  he could just be a gardener . 
   romanians are not the greeks . 
  i have no doubt that most of those people will end up on the bottom of black sea . 
  and if they reach the soil the people will end up on the bottom of some hole ... so in this regard ... maybe it 's better for romania to be outside schengen . 
  you seem pretty insane . 
  i am glad you moved to belgium , we do n't need you here . 
  then again , i guess `` ambassadors '' like you contribute to the image westerners have about romanian people . 
   why is she so important ? 
  or is it like she is the only one that is actually trying aswell as competent among her peers sort of situation or something ? 
  she is the face of the institution and a powerful symbol . 
  i do n't know about the rest of the organization , but i liken it to something like jobs and apple ( silly comparison , but it makes the point ) . 
   do you want a real horror story ? 
  lck 's mandate expires next year this is the worrying bit , for sure .
