  which is traditional in romania , for people who do n't know ( anyone outside of romania , i assume  ), 
  i would say it is between california and new york , or at least that 's how it felt . 
  i think the people are `` more european '' than in other parts of the us , not necessarily the city . 
  i almost did n't want to leave , because it was so perfect ; but then the raining started , 
   he could merely be a stupid cunt and have no agenda , no need to deal in absolutes or joking . 
  i am hoping for joking . 
   edit : i looked it up and turns out it 's the oldest marathon in the world lol . 
  still agree with your point . 
  that is the most american statement possible  the boston marathon is the oldest ** annual ** marathon in the world . 
  btw , are you from boston by any chance ? 
  i loved the time i spent there !, 
  they do n't mention his age . 
  the article refers to him as `` the man '' , so supposedly an adult . 
  still , how was it a betrayal ? 
  did russia and nato have some agreement that they broke ? 
   as the west already betrayed them by expand nato in the east . 
  that is hilarious , 
  i do n't agree to ignoring the international agreements signed . 
  the bans apply in specific conditions , and should be respected . 
  perhaps in the case of the finland event it was lawful to deny him access , but it would n't have been in this instance . 
  if we willingly ignore laws , we are not better than russia . 
  it is international law that he must be allowed in this specific case , due to how these things take precedence ( [ explanation in romanian only unfortunately ] ( http://www.mondonews.ro/mae-explica-prezenta-oficialului-rus-serghei-nariskin-interzis-in-ue-pe-teritoriul-romaniei/ ) ) . 
  there is no way romania would do any favors to russians , 
   as an example , i remember not long ago that we refused a russian airplane to enter our airspace . 
  if i remember correctly he was the minister of external affairs ( ? ) . 
  he insisted so much in using our airspace to travel to his destination that he said next time he will be over romania he will be in a supersonic bomber . 
  maybe a fellow romanian can help me with a source on that . 
  it was dmitri rogozin , the vice prime minister . 
  he said he would fly aboard a tu-160 next time  edit : [ link to source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/10/us-ukraine-crisis-romania-russia-idusbrea4905x20140510#vtgh2rtwfwpwp40g.97 ), 
  just move the signs and pretend it 's always been here . 
  sweet . 
  how do we get in on that action ? 
  why is luxembourg getting money ? 
  they are filthy rich , are n't they ? 
   yeah but we do n't tell women from the uk that they should cover themselves up . 
  maybe we should , have you seen those gals ? 
   just a joke , everyone !, 
   and the spineless president strikes again sticking by signed contracts is not spineless . 
  romanian humor is the best . 
  he would have gotten more laughs with `` fire ! '', 
  the good thing about the eu ( at least in theory ) is that countries with differently developed industries can concentrate on their own strengths and still benefit from the strengths of the others . 
  with a common and centralized budget , it would make sense for the eu to support french defense industry , as it is the most advanced on the continent . 
  so when there is an ongoing military mission france would benefit from more funding , like the eastern block does for infrastructure . 
  perhaps this is the direction the eu is heading in ? 
  the labour party has been accused for years of not proposing any bold policies . 
  ca n't say that anymore , 
   why should we have to pay for everything you should n't . 
  is there no mechanism in the eu to share the burden for these issues ? 
  oh man , you are not necessarily wrong in your statements , but the hate you are harboring ca n't be healthy . 
  we know france is a much more advanced country , nobody is arguing that . 
  you misunderstood op 's 3-speed comment to mean we dare compare ourselves with your great country , but that was n't the case . 
  france is the best , calm down . 
  too bad it 's full of french people , 
   they were on their way to bucharest , romania . 
  thanks guys . 
  no hungarian jokes for a week !, 
   what do you think , poles ? 
  are you with me ? 
  i do n't think they are with you , 
  that is exactly what he said . 
  and why not ? 
  you see , they are just some '' street kids '' drunk on power . 
  why not chat with them on social media ? 
  stockholm syndrome i suppose ... 
  the secret to many of our exports - lower price for service . 
  i would imagine imports would follow the path of least resistance . 
  again , i am far from an expert on the matter , but i read some claims in the romanian media that seemed reasonably well researched . 
   how is romania 's geographical position a good spot to be a hub ? 
  between who and who ? 
  between asia and the rest of eastern europe is the most relevant example , i think . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.2wglobal.com/globalassets/route-maps/asia-to-europe-route-map.gif ) is the maritime map for asia to europe inbound transports . 
  notice how ships go to the derince port in turkey , but they wo n't make the short trip to constanta for europe , and rather go across the mediterranean to the netherlands . 
  that happens even for a transport from china to hungary  of course , the netherlands also have a much better transport infrastructure on land , no doubt , but i think implementation and needs go hand in hand . 
   f your industry is competitive it 's not going to make a difference , is it ? 
  i was thinking more along the lines of the local transport industry . 
  romania is located in a good spot to be a potential transit hub for goods . 
  the view for transport maritime companies looking to transfer goods on the continent is that the dutch ports are a better choice even when they have to `` go around '' , because of the double processing time it takes with unloading , checking and then performing a second round of checks at the frontier . 
  i heard about wait times of days at the frontier , but i admit i am not sufficiently educated on the subject to make an estimate of the opportunity lost . 
  being in the eu is definitely more important than schengen , of course . 
   at least there 's the eu . 
  nato . 
  and you guys were out of schengen before it was cool . 
  it would still help our economy tremendously to be able to wave away border checks on transports of goods . 
  but i ca n't imagine bringing this up to france in the current context . 
  such is life . 
   apparently they had it pretty easy there because the guy in charge was nice . 
  yeah , meting germans you realize they could n't all be fucking nazi 's , no matter the context . 
   well if it was n't for world war 2 and the forced labour of poles my grandma would never be born how is that ? 
  did it happen in a concentration camp ? 
   well , i 'm from poland , so we did n't even get a bitch-tier deal like romania  _  poland had it bad . 
  i guess courage does n't always pay :(, 
   sweden did n't even take ( proper ) part , how dare you judge us :( eh , sweden got a better deal from germany than we did . 
  we were all hitler 's bitches , 
  eastern europe again last place , 
  when is juncker 's term ending ? 
   the hungarians did nothing in transylvania , the hungarians are just poor invaders and evil oppressors oh , i do n't hold that opinion for sure . 
   and do you want a romanian to tell something good about hungarians ? 
  it 's like asking a turk to tell something nice about bulgarians . 
  i like hungarians , and most of us living in transylvania do . 
  did i just blow your mind ?
