  i was under the impression we would need to modify the constitution , but i do n't see anything about the president having to be born here . 
  am i reading it wrong ? 
   golden down it 's golden dawn , unless this is a clever joke , 
   for how long can he continue to be the head of state ? 
  are we planning to `` import '' him after the current german one leaves office ? 
  that answers my question , and several other questions i did not know i had . 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  it would be interesting to see the sources of the imported energy ( i assume mostly russian and norway ? ), 
  and the types of energy imported vs the energy produced internally . 
  best comment in the thread , hands down . 
  we are not known for planning ahead , 
   i 'm sure gypsies from balkan , romania , & bulgaria are very interested in letting their children attend school in sweden . 
  / s that 's why you should make it mandatory by law that they send their kids to school  ( we did ), 
  i like it . 
  looks like a dolphin , is named as a dolphin . 
  10/10 would submerge . 
  this might seem strange , but [ ciocarlia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5pn1x1_a64 ) does it for me . 
  the image in the bottom center is funny to me . 
  it seems there are people running from danger towards a police crew , and the officers are being all casual about it . 
  almost bored-looking . 
  is that a real language ? 
  it sounds like cheerful hungarian . 
  i kid , i kid . 
  gib schengen pls , 
   that is pure censorship . 
  it 's ugly to see it happening in europe . 
  i think censorship would be having the tweets deleted . 
  this seems more like police intimidation to me , which i consider more serious . 
  hooray for living through communism , i doubt we would let something like this happen here . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i could n't watch it all , it was too infuriating . 
  would you be willing to take in some of our politicians ? 
  we are running low on jails . 
  well that went downhill quickly , 
   `` chronic fatigue syndrome . '', 
  haha , nice one . 
  i did n't know laziness had a legal term . 
  assume i was a traveler on the train , and needed to get to a crucial business meeting or to my kid in the hospital . 
  what would happen if i reacted as violently against the protesters as they were against those people ? 
  i mean 5-6 thugs with faces covered pushing people , that would earn you a serious beating around here . 
  i assume i would go to jail , correct ? 
  edit : also , are the policemen completely incompetent , or are they simply not allowed to do anything more by law ? 
  i keep re-wathcing this video , i ca n't believe this happens in a civilized european country :( stupid kids spilling fake blood on themselves ... you do n't know what real problems are , you cunts . 
  this seems like an easy fix . 
  what was the reason for not stopping the perks ? 
  did i get it right that the state is paying these people benefits and they do n't have to work ? 
  search the author 's name , you will see more articles he wrote . 
  human scum , but i guess it 's one way to make a living . 
  you missed this gem :  the consequence will mean ** more nato aggression towards russia ** . 
   that 's eastern europe . 
  so uhm what do i get in exchange ey ? 
  honestly , we sort of learnt that from france , 
  4k refugees are fine . 
  even 40k , spread out over a large enough period of time . 
  the topic is mandatory quotas systems , which creates a precedent and makes future numbers unpredictable . 
  perhaps it is for the best , if it deters economic migrants from taking the trip , since there is the risk they may end up in se europe , 
  your arguments are correct . 
  and you are making my point , that it is not all mathematical formulas that dictate eu politics , or some sense of equality and solidarity between members . 
  it is that at the core , but there are nuances all around . 
  did you read the topic we are discussing ? 
  do you disagree ? 
  you make a good point . 
  still , while the participation in governance was established equitably and mathematically ( not because romania had a say in it , mind you ) , that is not the case for all structures , as i am sure you know . 
  for instance , while romania and bulgaria joined the eu in 2007 , freedom of work has been imposed restrictions by some countries , and the restrictions were only lifted 7 years later . 
  schengen is another example . 
  we are still not allowed to benefit from this agreement , although we met all the criteria that was required . 
  is that just bad maths ? 
   and schengen may soon follow . 
  the very structure romania is blocked from joining , 
   na he just specifically mentions it 's tradition that non-eu migrants go there . 
  read it in all . 
  he talks about the lack of experience of other states ( romania being one ) of integrating large numbers of migrants into our culture . 
  unlike the states in the west and south . 
  that is why imposing mandatory quotas based on size of population will make it hard for them to integrate in countries such as romania in large numbers . 
  he said that we should take into account the current capacity to integrate the migrants in our culture , and that should make perfect sense . 
  there is no message of `` you keep them '' . 
  romania and the rest will ease into assimilating other cultures , little by little , just like the west and south has done . 
  coming up with mandatory quotas will not make it magically happen over night , and everyone would only have to lose in the process ( the migrants included ) . 
  dacian ciolos is not some fucking redneck , btw . 
   right he just specifically mentions the west and south . 
   i updated my comment for you . 
  thank you . 
  your tl ; dr is still wrong though . 
  he did n't claim refugees should only go to those states . 
  i assume you are trolling though . 
  literally nothing about `` being rich '' . 
  he was talking about culture all through the speech . 
  what do you find so confusing ? 
   tl ; dr : they should only go to rich members . 
  that is in no way the tl ; dr of the article . 
  you should really work on your reading comprehension ... 
  russia is # 24 , while the czech republic is # 38 . 
  yeah right ... 
   in our peaceful days whenever state kill less then million people - it 's not interesting at all . 
  no respect for under-achievers !, 
   volunteers from russia and ukraine , including don and kuban cossacks fought on transnistria 's side . 
  there is no general consensus on the number of volunteers or the military role they played in the conflict . 
  estimates range from as low as 200 to as high as 3000 . 
  [ 31 ] [ 32 ]  according to romanian sources , at least one inmate was released from bendery prison to be enrolled in the transnistrian guard . 
  the ukraine could have seen that one coming later .
