  you should really step up your game if you want to be real jesus-lovers . 
  same as romania , it seems . 
  communist habits die hard . 
  oh , so the prm-syndrome . 
  our electorate outgrew that phase , but i ca n't figure out exactly how ... good luck , though . 
  thank you very much for the effort you put into this . 
  i think we ( eu/merkel ) should have done a much better job in communicating our position to would-be refugees before and after the so-called invitation . 
  let 's hope we learn our lesson for the next crisis . 
  again , great effort , i will have to finish reading tomorrow , 
  so , mostly western countries . 
  that seems odd to me . 
   jobbik is the second-biggest party by now i believe damn !, 
  but what is the reason ? 
  what is the population so unhappy about ? 
  if they have a problem with fidesz ( legitimately , i may add ) , how come they are not looking towards a left alternative ? 
  jobbik seems to me like fidesz on steroids . 
   yes , but in other ways than just transiting gas through their country . 
  i guess , but i think it is relevant what the status quo is ; this is not a discussion of whether a new pipe should be built through ukraine or not , it is about whether to bypass the current pipe with a new one , thus exposing ukraine to economic warfare from russia . 
  under this scenario , russia would be able to stop supply/raise prices arbitrarily to the ukraine without losing the much more important german business . 
  not germany 's problem , i know , but if we let go of realpolitik thinking , i can see an argument for a different decision . 
  also , i do not entirely understand the point of the new pipe from germany 's perspective . 
  the current pipe system is used at half capacity ; is their a good reason to build a new one , apart from geo-politics ? 
   depends . 
  what kind of decision ? 
  majority vote or does one vote kill the project ? 
  vetoes are being overused , and many times too often they constitute a form of blackmail . 
  i think they should be reserved for the utmost critical decisions , such as allowing new members into the union . 
  i think a situation such as this , where a few nations are affected by an important decision but not all , qmv should be used ( just like it was for migration ) . 
  for general issues that affect all or most of the members , normal majority votes should be used . 
  pretty sure greece is worse than romania now , too . 
  of course , perception can be misleading . 
  for instance , there is years gap between on-the-ground changes and changes in perception of the populace . 
  also , of course different cultures will perceive facts differently , and there is no scientific method in place to account for these cultural differences . 
   i actually do not know whether i like this or not . 
  to me , it seems like the ukraine , one way or another , has subjected itself to russian aggression in the hope that the eu wants it to be a part of it one day , and is ready to provide it with help . 
  i do n't know if they were in the right to have this expectation , but i do feel sorry for them and would like to help them out . 
  i do n't like to see countries and people bullied . 
   well , at least one of the lines did n't pass romania , there is a bit more to that . 
  ( see my linked map ) . 
  yes , but after bulgaria negotiated nabuco and put forward some claims the russians found unacceptable , i think romania remained the only viable alternative . 
   but no matter who killed it , of course its us who are blamed . 
  a common disadvantage for the leader . 
  it is offset by other advantages  anyway , i do n't think it should be * illegal * for ns2 to be built , but i do think there should be a vote about it ( full disclosure , it appears i am a federalist ) . 
  just like we had a vote for mandatory quotas . 
  we lost the vote , so we will comply with the eu decision . 
  does that sound fair ? 
    romania is basically gas independent hungary we 're not a big transit either ( same for slovakia and czech )  what are they afraid of then ? 
  sorry , but i do not think it is credible to talk about worrying for ukraine or poland if you are hungary . 
  i think it is solidarity . 
  at least that is my reasoning , and of the people i talked to over here . 
  also , regarding your comment about ss :  i think it speaks volumes that these states are extremely critical about ns2 but not about ss . 
  i think romania killed that one , by not allowing it to pass over its territory ? 
  everyone blames germany , and we think it is funny and stay quiet about it , but i read in our press we refused to allow it , just because we wanted to fuck with russia . 
  edit :  or vengeance against germany what has germany done to us to be vengeful about ? 
  our press reported them to be romanian . 
   knowing the greek government 's negotiating prowess they probably agreed to that in exchange for nothing . 
  in a couple of years , the greek government will demand all migrants that passed through greece be returned to them , ** or else ** . 
  but if they were trying to send a message , it is the perfect way , unfortunately . 
  i understand that finnish society has evolved a lot compared to ours , but i feel they are not well equipped to deal with the wave of immigrant criminals , from ee and other countries , who do n't yet share the same ideals . 
  i am thinking of the scene from [ demolition man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb21_qi90pe ) . 
  let 's hope i am wrong . 
   thank you hungary and poland for trying to make romania look better in comparison . 
  honestly , i feel like the current prime minister is better than most in the eu . 
  it probably wo n't last , but we are lucky for the time being . 
  i disagree , but i do n't have the data of how many of these escapees commit crimes while they are out , so i ca n't really back up my point at this time . 
  i will look more into it . 
   so in your mind , the purpose of prison is to torture inmates ? 
  the nordic system isolates prisoners from the general population and gives them time to rethink their lives . 
  it 's pretty much exactly what prison should do . 
  i do n't advocate people torture , please do n't put such outrageous claims in my mouth , it seems disingenuous . 
  walls have the purpose of making sure people do not leave detention , which is what is happening in finland . 
  this is the definition of isolation , is n't it ? 
  more than 10 % of their prison population is escaping from prison !, 
  how is that isolation system working ? 
  crystal clear , 
   might want see the difference between a finnish or nordic prison and a romanian one and ask again ; main difference being that ours has no wall unless it 's meant for wackos how progressive . 
  you may want to change the name , i am not sure `` prison '' properly represents this institution . 
   i never got all this paris hype . 
  paris is one of the most overrated cities out there . 
  the thing is , if you are a fan of art museums , paris still is the city to go to . 
  there are of course other options , but it is the reason i will still visit paris often . 
   it 's much easier for us romanians to understand other romance languages than it is for them to understand us . 
  which comes handy when spying . 
  i just do n't understand how the germans could n't take that . 
  looks peaceful to me , 
  click on moldova , and zoom out . 
  so funny . 
  i just ca n't get over my borderline hatred for junker . 
  he is everything i despise , an unprofessional , coward caricature of a man . 
  the proverbial worm , if you will . 
  and this person finds himself in the ( in theory ) most important position in the eu ? 
  how did we get to this point ? 
  am i alone in my outrage ? 
  there is footage of the man drunk on working occasions !, 
  wtf !, 
  wan na bet they find this guy 's body on his yacht , mysteriously drained of blood ? 
  thank you , you seem very knowledgeable on the topic . 
   that is to say , there were federalists , and with loyalties outside the council of european leaders . 
  if the parliament and the council would have argued , and they have , they would have sided with the parliament . 
  can you clarify a bit why this is so bad ?
