  it makes sense for the eu to pay for turkey hosting the refugees , i do n't know why most people seem to be berating merkel over this attempt . 
  in this instance she seems to have it right . 
  it would solve the problem for all sides . 
  perhaps it has to do with turkey imposing some of erdogan 's unsavory interests in syria , or his blackmaley style of negotiation . 
  but i have n't seen a better solution put forward , so i would go with that under the circumstances , at least on a short term . 
   no , but if it comes to that why should i care ? 
  i think that arrangement has to do with nato , and not the eu . 
   every country in the union acts on its own after all . 
  hey , i have been buying olive oil made in greece , and even increased my consumption lately . 
  export more things and we will buy some more . 
  on a more serious note , i really hope we find a proper solution and help you guys out . 
  romania is a poor country and ca n't do that much , but i trust the current government to do the right thing and live up to the duties assigned as part of the refugee-sharing vote . 
  but i doubt this is a proper , long-term solution , especially as they seem to refuse to come to romania ( hell , they even refuse portugal ) and apparently ca n't be made to , unless we change the law ... 
  i have yet to see a proper proposal to deal with this long-term , and that is worrying . 
  i think the latest attempt is `` let 's lower their chances of getting to germany and maybe they wo n't come to get stuck in greece , which will be already full '' . 
  which royally screws your country , i agree ... did greek politicians make a workable proposal to solve the crisis ? 
  or anybody for that matter ? 
   what i ca n't understand is the logic behind refusing billions in free money . 
  i am very pro-eu and i would n't count the eu funds among the top three reasons for joining and participating in the union . 
  of course it is nice , but a healthy growth of the economy is much more important on a medium and long term . 
  i should add this moldavian language to my cv , as i can understand it perfectly . 
  quadrilingual overnight !, 
  my mom was right , i am a genius . 
  i get what you are saying , but ( and this is an honest question ) what does greece have to do with the defense against russia ? 
  is some country asking for help from the greek army ? 
   there are plenty bad stereotypes about us . 
  yes , but they are not the ones you mentioned . 
  those are not the bad stereotypes for swiss people , though . 
   do n't be mad , i 'm just joking man . 
  not mad , i do n't see any other way of responding to that argument . 
  maybe a bank statement ? 
  [ this deal ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/22/eu-governments-divisive-quotas-deal-share-120000-refugees ) . 
  i am doing all right , thanks for asking . 
  burn . 
   not even my government tried to promote the country to refugees . 
  but all the eu countries are supposed to get a set number of migrants from greece and italy , as voted in the mandatory quotas deal . 
  so now portugal , romania & co are not fulfilling their obligations , mostly because the migrants do n't want to come ; trying to do promotion seems like an honest approach from portugal , i respect that . 
  how about `` of course all shops are closed , it is 8 pm / it is the weekend '' ? 
  :d i love germans , they are so weird from our perspective . 
  i would n't live my life there myself , but it works great for them . 
   it 's a great place , just not if you 're job-seeking . 
  it also works well if you work with international businesses that accept remote work/contracting . 
  but then again , so does romania , 
  well , quality of life is not only about the economics . 
  the german society will be very hard for people from the middle east to adapt to , in my opinion . 
   portugal has taken just 32 migrants , and the country 's ambassador to greece , rui alberto tereno , even visited a greek refugee camp recently in an effort to promote the sunny coastal nation to the migrants making their way across europe . 
  if i had to live in another country in europe it would be portugal , the people there are lovely . 
  clearly the refugees are misinformed . 
   i 'm sure i could make out imbecile as some point tho . 
  was she an older person ? 
  they can be like that , but we accept it because they went through communism . 
  `` imbecil '' is pretty mild as an insult goes , though   pretended to shape a woman silhouette in the air and said `` ahah !, 
  i know , good huh ! '', 
  i do n't even know how to react ... 
   and still they put monolingual people at the borders for vignets . 
  both of them . 
  haha . 
  i thought it was strange the hungarian person did not speak english , but never thought about checking whether the romanians did . 
  some friendly ribbing between neighbors , i guess . 
   and i bet if i did i would think its german [ i doubt it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7fjbuh1jce )  it helps if you know a bit of portuguese or even french . 
   the romanian word for world , ` lume ' , is ` illusion ' in finnish . 
  that is pretty deep , in a cross-language way . 
  according to google translate it is even pronounced the same . 
   ah , i always referred to romansh as swiss :p i do n't think they like that . 
   then what is rom ? 
  i assumed rom = romanian . 
  yes . 
  rm is probably [ romansh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romansh_language ) . 
  i have heard people in switzerland speak it , and i could sort of understand it when they spoke slowly . 
   i get what you are saying but that is purely anecdotal . 
  i 've known german companies that refused to bribe well sure , i am not some ominous master-mind who sees all bribing attempts . 
  just venting   i agree that the problem is two sided . 
  the foreign companies are enablers of this system of corruption . 
  that 's right . 
  i am salty because it makes it harder for new democracies to escape the scourge of corruption when opportunities for bribes present themselves so often . 
  also , a romanian company will have to go through all sort of hoops to get even the right for vat deduction ( which is a must when selling merchandise ) , just because they are afraid i might try to trick the tax man , despite having a spotless record . 
  but here comes a foreign company doing all sorts of nasty stuff , and they can jump right in and cut in on my business . 
  salty !, 
  fair enough . 
  just checking , you guys realize i am joking , right ? 
   holy shit you are naive . 
  if you honestly think german companies are the only ones that do this . 
  of course i do n't think that , i have worked with companies all over the world and i understand the `` game '' , as much as i despise it . 
  my point was that german people are more inclined to see it as doing it for the greater good , and do n't think of it ( even when confronted ) as being * really * illegal or wrong . 
  if i gave you the impression that i somehow despise german people for this , that is not the case . 
  it is an observation , and a subjective one at that . 
  for a counter example , i have witnessed ( only ) one swiss company being rejected a deal in russia due to refusing to even talk about bribes . 
  i know what most romanian and german companies would have done in that situation :p but germans seem to think of * real * corruption as the one performed in their own country ( and your example about the greek government humorously helps my point ) , and not about actions performed outside . 
  and on this point i admit , there is very little corruption in germany . 
   how about you send all that stuff to the anti corruption agency ? 
  no need , they ( well , the top guys ) [ got caught in the end ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/21/business/worldbusiness/21siemens.html ) . 
  but it was well known about this practice even in lower levels of the company , and people would snicker about it , especially as german colleagues used to crack jokes about corruption in romania ( which was also true , of course ) . 
  it just strikes me as odd , this overbearing german sense of doing ones duty ( if you read the article i linked , you will understand what i mean ) . 
  it drives the nation forward with incredible impetus , but it can also pull them down when they get the wrong leaders . 
  this is how many germans see business , unfortunately . 
  it is why i left siemens when the bribing scandal broke out . 
  they had a fund set aside to bribe officials in italy ( and other countries ) , and many german colleagues did n't think it was a big deal . 
  `` it is the italians who are corrupt , we are just doing business '' . 
  they actually thought they were being upstanding citizens , and did n't really understand what was so wrong about it . 
  it was kind of cute .
