  is n't the parliament the only body actually directly elected by the population ? 
  a small caveat , i may be a bit of a federalist myself , though i usually take the center position in debates . 
   complete shit . 
  council pet , political non-entity , investigated due to dealing with tobacco companies and several issues with his commission . 
  it seems my affinity for portuguese people has led me astray . 
   he was even the most squalid of the bunch , schulz or verhofstadt would have been far more dangerous , if they got in she might have actually pushed against them . 
  what do you mean by `` dangerous '' ? 
  threatening merkel 's leader position ( which i think we need ) , or steering the eu in the wrong direction ? 
  and what did you think about barroso ? 
  i was n't following politics during his mandate , but he seemed like a proper leader . 
   juncker kneeling in the hall of mirrors being crowned by merkel . 
  that 's the british way . 
  on the continent , you bend over  ( just so you know , i did n't down vote you . ), 
   merkel was actually opposed to junker as president ... [ maybe she was personally , but politically that 's not what happened ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/30/angela-merkel-jean-claude-juncker-european-commission ) . 
  cameron was opposed , merkel made him the president ( pressured by her party , perhaps ) . 
  i wonder where that juncker fellow is . 
  probably drunk under some table . 
  germany knew what they were doing when they set this puppet for president . 
  merkel might be right about the european solution , but her claim that all the countries on the route are acting `` unilaterally '' shows a misunderstanding of the word or a poor translation . 
   greece has an even nicer one between them and turkey , but that did n't help them much , and i 'm not even talking about italy & libya . 
  yes , but turkey and lybia are not countries respecting and enforcing international law in the case of migration , unlike bulgaria . 
  i get why that is , but this difference will make the danube a more valuable barrier . 
   your head seems to buried deep in the mud of liberal politics !, 
  no , it 's not . 
  i did n't comment on the overall political situation , i corrected your flawed statement about this latest development being a case affecting schengen , which it does not , but you do n't seem to recognize that . 
   perhaps due to bulgaria 's army fighting entirely on the other front against serbia and greece , when sneaky romanian struck in the back to steal some land ? 
  yeah , we tend to do that  watch your back !, 
   slovenia closed its borders . 
  what more is needed to clear some of the misconceptions ? 
  a basic knowledge of geography and european treaties . 
   the romanian army entered the second balkan war against bulgaria , allowing romania to annex southern dobruja ( also known as the cadrilater ) . 
  although some 330,000 troops were mobilised , ** the romanians met little resistance in bulgaria and as such this is not considered a major conflict in romanian history . 
   schengen , for the time being , has been rendered inactive . 
  nothing to do with schengen . 
   but serbia has closed the border towards bulgaria . 
  wow . 
  that seems hard to achieve , considering the length of the border . 
  i think it will be hard to enforce without going full orban if the smugglers decide to advertise this route , but we will see . 
  i ca n't imagine romania would build a fence at the border with serbia , you are supposed to be our friends . 
  it is a tough issue , that 's for sure . 
   i know about the danube , but there still is that one piece of border which is n't covered by the danube . 
  but it is the farthest away from hungary , so it kind of defeats the purpose . 
  we wo n't provide them with buses and dump them on the border , we are n't assholes . 
   the communists did n't care whether you were a man or a woman , they wanted you to work , they wanted positions to be filled . 
  perhaps that is their one redeeming feature . 
  it is however counterbalanced by the prohibition on abortion and the `` menstrual police '' , but let 's not throw stones . 
  it pains me every time i see you get down-voted . 
  people on the internet ca n't take a good joke anymore . 
  i bet we have the richest prison population per capita . 
  any data on that ? 
   i was asking about bulgaria because that would mean that the new route would be bulgaria-romania-hungary . 
  or bulgaria-romania-ukraine and so forth . 
  we have a [ nice moat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danube ) between us and bulgaria , so it is not a good option . 
  perhaps through serbia . 
  bulgarians are getting rowdy , perhaps we should have another go , 
  if you met russians , women generally seem to be above average in behavior , while men really do n't ( sorry ) . 
  also interesting to look at romanians in sports ; women do much , much better than men . 
  maybe it 's some east thing . 
  i generally hate weddings , so no loss here :p it you really feel sorry for a beggar , buy him a sandwich rather than giving him money . 
  the ones who refuse and insist you give them money instead are the organized crime fellows ( most of them are ) . 
  i argued with a couple of gypsy `` ladies '' , who kept insisting they need money for them and their kid to eat , but refused to take the groceries i bought for them from the nearby shop . 
  fuck them . 
  luckily they moved to countries where it is easier to con people , like sweden :d they will wise up soon enough . 
  i believe it , it was a joke . 
  as in , the beggars are optimists too ( they expect people to give them money for doing nothing ) . 
   romania - optimism and some gypsies begging in background so , optimism . 
  perhaps you should consider being less of a cunt . 
  also , romania has requested to get the first 1 or 2 thousand migrants from greece and italy already , but they could only convince a few to come . 
  what do you expect us to do , send in the army and take them by force ? 
  something to that effect  these sort of awards come with ridiculous nationalist emphasis in all countries . 
  not suited to my taste , but then again i am not looking for honor awards . 
  he was awarded the [ order of the star of romania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/order_of_the_star_of_romania ) , which is a big deal around here . 
  his role in the revolution is something i admire the man for , so i think he was rightly given the honor . 
  but this order comes with a rule of conduct , and there is a council which can ask for its withdrawal if the persons awarded do n't attend to it . 
  i would n't say mister t\u0151k\u00e9s has respected the `` genere et cordres fratres '' code inscribed on the order . 
  t\u0151k\u00e9s contested the decision in court and lost . 
  `` something with a z '' , really ? 
  maybe we should impale a couple of you fuckers , that will help jog up the memory . 
   because they are n't constrained by facts or having to come up with an alternative solution . 
  yes , but i was not specific enough in my statement ( it was tongue in cheek ) . 
  i am specifically thinking of the war of extremes in politician 's discourse , which this comedian pointed out . 
  there is a [ horseshoe development ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory ) throughout political parties in europe . 
  in an effort to attract the undecided electorate parties will move further and further away from the center position with ludicrous statements and opinions , all in a carefully orchestrated plunge into ridiculousness . 
  this has the role to desensitize the public to such extremist views ( which also in turn discourage lack of action , because what moron would actually act on their proposed extremist regurgitated crap ) and keeps feeding the loop . 
  but to bring it back to the simplest of questions : how can these people display such utter lack of shame ? 
  are they simply psychopaths ? 
  and if yes , when did we start voting such obvious trash into office ? 
   newscasters are expected to report facts . 
  it 's boring and it 's hard . 
  it 's also not really happening , as of late . 
  the polarizing of the media in the interest of creating scandals that sell is almost as frustrating as politicians ' actions . 
  i want more center - political parties , more unbiased reporting and facts-based analysis . 
  fuck this noise . 
  why do comedians make more sense than actual politicians ? 
  it 's not even funny any more . 
   so romania has no hate speech laws ? 
  no laws against insulting leaders ? 
  no laws against insulting religions or religious person there are hate speech laws , in the sense that even the us has them ( as part of the un treaties and the geneva convention for human rights ) . 
  [ here is a nice analysys on the situation in romania ] ( http://www.fdsc.ro/library/files/studiul_diu_integral.pdf ) - romanian only unfortunately . 
  these cases are not tried in criminal court .
