  it also has one of the best systems in place to help monetarily between provinces . 
  canada being economically postnationalist is absolutely not true . 
  when alberta won the black gold lottery all other provinces with worse economic growth outlooks , like nova scotia , could look forward to capital from alberta . 
  this is because albertan oil production made the cad$ soar meaning business started performing worse elsewhere where a weaker currency is favorable . 
  now when oil is doing so much worse and gdp growth in alberta is negative and assuming it stays like this for a few more years alberta can start expecting to yield from the performance of bc , ontario and manitoba which are starting to do much better . 
  this is more or less what 's the problem with the euro . 
  the monetary effect of richer ez-countries drive the euro up , and the business of less productive members drive it down . 
  if we all had our own euro-currencies the german currency would instantly balance at a stronger value than the euro , while the greek currency would balance at a lower value . 
  but since we 're members of the same monetary union the currency is based on the average production of the whole area , meaning germany lives with a currency that is weaker than the german productive weight making german products over-perform the individual market-based optimal balance . 
  greece lives with a currency that is stronger than theirs productive weight making greek products under-perform their individual optimal balance . 
  all this is fine and dandy if you have a system in place that substitutes the less productive territories monetarily for taking the negative position . 
  the us and canada are light-year ahead of the ez countries in this regard . 
  if the ez had the same system , the greek crisis would have been over by now . 
  however , it assumes we 're fine with sharing some yield of productivity between member-states . 
  canadians are fine with the system because canadian provinces are more integrated than the euro-zone . 
  despite economists agreeing that all currencies need a single monetary policy , the ez wo n't pass this . 
  it 's fine fine to be hesitant to sharing productivity . 
  but if we want to keep the euro long-term it is a necessity to create a single fiscal union for a single monetary union . 
  you do n't really have a right to shit on canadian politics while we 're far behind them on the topic of integration . 
  amen . 
  you do n't need operators in the same scale as lost jobs in shoveling men . 
  robotics will get more and more expandable options that need to be built by people . 
  the smartphone created millions of jobs in software development . 
  the personal computer has created billions of jobs . 
  your home my 2040 maidbot \u00ae fully-automated house system will probably have even more potential to new innovations in software applications . 
  automation is just the last switch away from the mindless jobs industrialization created to go all in on a service-based economy . 
  more advanced and more intelligent systems will create more opportunities for innovation and especially more opportunities for tailor-made services , which increases demand for people to design these services , we just do n't have to do the mindless part of the job , i.e. 
  operation . 
   however often those are not backed by any kind of facts and are more what wahlroos thought this month . 
  i would say the opposite . 
  he pretty much always bases his opinions on research , and also states his own opinions on applications of research . 
  he just chooses to only enter debates when there 's a controversial topic on hand . 
  wahlroos started out as an economist and still does academia to quite the extent for someone who should n't have the time to do it anymore . 
  he donates quite a bit to research and has also persuaded other multimillionaires and billionaires to do so too . 
  an academic is supposed to question decision making and come with new ideas , that 's the whole point of academia . 
  he 's so often in the news because his opinion is given such high value since he 's so big in the private sector as well . 
  because the perception would be that the eu has it 's own incentive in valuing european credit favorably , and that perception will stay until proven otherwise . 
  in a market where the only proof is time , s&p , moody 's and fitch all have an over 100 year lead in this regard . 
  even if they existed and were unbiased , they wo n't be able to prove it to the investor . 
  so why should a bank choose `` eurorate '' over a big 3 if it wo n't influence an investors perception of the underlying risk of the debt contracts it wants to market ? 
  this is why people go to the big 3 , because they have a long enough track record of not falsifying data for us to assume there 's no bias risk . 
  `` eurorate '' on the other hand would start from scratch . 
   so they are one of accountable parts . 
  nobody is saying that financial sector wanted a crash . 
  but lack of oversight cause it . 
  exactly . 
  and there are examples of what happens to these kind of firms that out of own incentive tries to rig the playing field . 
  andersen was one of the big 5 accounting firms before enron happened . 
  auditing firms like credit rating agencies base their business on reputation of reliability . 
  andersen both consulted and audited enron , meaning it had two contradicting incentives . 
  apparently consulting paid them more so they undermined the auditing and even falsified information . 
  then the scandal happened . 
  andersen pretty much died instantly . 
  the name still exist but not the big 5 auditing firm ( 85k employees in 2002 , just a couple hundred nowadays ) . 
   ever heard of libor/euibor ? 
  these are reference interest rates . 
  libor is calculated of the average interest rates offered by big banks in london . 
  euribor is average of banks in europe . 
  you can diversify your loan payment risk by choosing euribor over your own banks interest rate when going in for a loan . 
  can you elaborate how this correlates with debt contracts or rating agencies ? 
   if regulations were pushed on banks . 
  why not push some oversight on how ratings are done ? 
  they are regulated already , and to quite the extent . 
  the problem in 2007-2008 was mainly fault of banks , so adjustments were mainly done there . 
  but new regulation was also issued on credit rating . 
  credit rating agencies gain no value by falsifying data so they do n't do it and the current regulation today is working fine . 
  i have n't heard of any real doubt in a while against them . 
  banks do internal credit ratings of their own , for own accounting mainly but sometimes also to market a product . 
  in the latter case it can include biased information when they see it favorable , because more contracts sold is good for the bank . 
  banks are also the original issuers of the debt and know more than the investor about the underlying asset . 
  so they have an incentive to only sell debt contracts that are unfavorable to themselves . 
  the purpose of a bank is like any business to make money , even if they are more regulated than you average business . 
  the market knows this and why should the investor buy a loan-contract that is n't rated over a similar contract that has been rated ? 
  the debt finance investment banker who markets the debt contract will find that nobody will buy his loan unless it 's rated , because why should you buy a contract for the same price as another that pays the same but the rated one has less risk ? 
  this is why the bank pays the credit rating agency to have a look at it so the investor gets an idea of the underlying risk . 
  however , in a world where credit ratings are banned we 'd have to rely on the banks judgement to rate them unbiased . 
  banks already have a track record of being biased so it would be a catastrophic idea to ban credit ratings . 
   because computer usage has major benefits to society cars and fuel are just as important yet both your and my country have taxes on cars and fuel . 
  in finland we have recognized that there are drivers that drive for other reasons than leisure , i.e. 
  business , and thus do n't have to pay certain taxes or have to pay a lower tax . 
   sugar usage in this context is barely more than recreational . 
  not at all . 
  carbohydrates are important and sugar being refined glucose to begin with is the fastest . 
  when you 've been out cycling for 3 hours and suddenly get that drowsiness your best bet is consuming carbohydrates , not fat or protein . 
  fat and protein fuel you body over a longer period of time , whereas carbs enter straight away . 
  if you put a tax on muesli-bars , you 're taxing the cyclist from eating the most optimally during training . 
  not to mention that some flower-hat will point out that bananas and grapes should be taxed too seeing as their main nutritional value consist of as much sugar as candy per portion as most standard non-chocolate `` figure candy '' . 
   the debatable negative effects of computer usage it 's not debatable , it 's a fact . 
  most health concerns arise from people doing two or more things unhealthy . 
  the average male smoker has a 50-50 chance of seeing his pension days because the average age he dies is just 67 for a male smoker . 
  this does n't mean that you can just state that about every male smoker . 
  it means that the smoker who is also fat , or eats bad , or does n't exercise is more than 50 % likely to die before he retires , and an otherwise active and healthy smoker might not deviate from the population average at all because his marathons and eating habits make up for his smoking allowing him to live to 77 ( or whatever the average age is nowadays ) , albeit without smoking he 'd live even longer to 85 . 
  the average age for overweight people is n't as low as the average age of 67 for smokers , and does n't impact too much on working ages if coupled with something else bad . 
  smoking and being fat will have an average age withing working age , e.g. 
  whereas the fat and not exercising man will reach retirement before dying on average , lets say 67 . 
  it 's bad , but having someone die at 59 is more expensive to society since it includes several years of lost taxes , than losing a 67 year old who just retired . 
  it might seem morbid , but death is a fact and policy has to be made based on it . 
   why everybody cares so much about those rating agencies ? 
  because risk is the most important factor of finance . 
  without credit rating agencies we 'd have to trust banks , institutions and countries rating their own products fairly and unbiased , see the irony ?
