  it 's also much faster at 20-50mb / s ( in helsinki ) versus the free 10mb/s included in my rent . 
  it 's so much easier than having to find a public wifi , not to mention the risks of joining an open wifi . 
  you also save money by not having to buy the obligatory latte everywhere . 
  i pay exactly the $ 26.90 in the comparison table . 
  very happy with it . 
  i think the point here is that you do n't necessarily have to live in canada to experience these places , because you 'd still have to travel by air in either case . 
  that 's how enormous canada is , 30 times bigger than germany or finland . 
  but the funny thing is that both the uk and us were doing more than fine , even great compared to the rest of the western world . 
  jobs are/were returning to both [ us ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sl.uem.totl.zs?locations=us&amp;start=2009 ) and [ uk ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sl.uem.totl.zs?locations=gb&amp;start=2009 ) and the gdp growth is back to better than the 2 % target in both [ us ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg?locations=us&amp;start=2009 ) and [ uk ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg?locations=gb&amp;start=2009 ) . 
  so why did people vote for change ? 
  because the short-term certainty in both were looking good . 
  i think the lesson to be learned here is to not let emotion get in the way of checking for facts first . 
  what illegal migration ? 
  ireland was never in schengen . 
  or are you saying you want to keep the irish from stealing your jerrbs ? 
  trump already redacted his statement about building a 40-foot wall . 
  yesterday he said we will see a fence . 
  however , the populist part of trumps wall statement is n't saying there will be a wall , because it is totally possible to build a wall . 
  the populism is saying he will make `` mexico pay for it '' . 
  that simply is n't up to him . 
  the job of a politician is n't to be the expert that plans and implements new policies . 
  that 's duty is done by officials and government workers working , aka advisers . 
  the job of a politician is to choose between different solutions provided to the table by officials and select the ones in line with the voters he represents . 
  a president is n't any different , he can command officials to research new areas of governmental functions , but whether it 's implemented or not is primarily in the hands of officials who design the solution . 
  if it is n't executively viable , it wo n't even get to the stage where it 's voted on . 
  a populist knows this is how it works but will promise anything to get elected knowing fully that experts will tell him it 's impossible to implement once elected . 
  not all broken campaign `` promises '' are populism either . 
  the politicians are n't experts themselves and it 's only natural they will ( and should ) change their stance on many subjects once having discussed by actual experts on the topic and having been given a negative answer by most . 
  this is n't populism though . 
  populism would be to suggest something that can not be implemented . 
  we do n't have a free trade agreement with the us so we absolutely can implement this without violating any agreements . 
  it 's just a matter of making a case for it and see if there 's support for it . 
  did n't they also recently decide that forests are n't co2 sinks . 
  we are n't allowed to take our forests into consideration when doing our carbon emissions accounting . 
  absolutely inept decision-making there , it 's like they 've never heard of photosynthesis . 
  you kinda have to differentiate between university and universities of applied sciences . 
  you 're right concerning the latter , but that 's not really the same as what we 're talking about . 
  undergraduate degrees from universities are still more of a proof that you can work and take in new subjects . 
  no employer expects a bsc to be knowledgeable in a field beyond the basic theory . 
  you can go into finance with an undergraduate in philosophy for example . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the point of university is to teach critical thinking . 
  this is because we ca n't have everyone being an expert on everything , that 's inefficient . 
  it 's better if we all specialise in different areas . 
  critical thinking is the ability to identify who to go to believe when working in areas you have no expertise in . 
  your degree is firstly a certificate that you passed a maturity test in critical thinking , secondly a certificate for the information you learned . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  diesel and gasoline make up a tradeoff . 
  in short : diesels are worse for those with respiratory systems . 
  because they attach to the small hairs of the respiratory tract . 
  petrols are worse for the environment because they consume more gas , especially concerning heavier vehicles . 
  this is why it is a legit question to limit diesels in cities , because the combination of emissions of all cars in traffic creates a level of particulates in the air that 's dangerous to organisms with respiratory systems . 
  but for the environment as a whole particulates are n't that dangerous whatsoever , in fact many of them are quite prevalent in nature . 
  on the other hand , diesels are a more efficient choice of engine for working cars , especially trucks . 
  this is because they produce more torque . 
  for an example let 's forget all complex engine structures for a second and only focus on na : a 6-cylinder diesel has the same towing limit as a 8-cylinder petrol for towing . 
  this is also the case for the popularity of suvs and other more heavy civilian vehicles . 
  for suvs and trucks what you want is high torque . 
  to get that torque with a petrol you need a big engine , but with a diesel you can get a similar rating with a much smaller one , thus having less overall emissions . 
  take a mercedes gle . 
  the base model in the us is a 3.5 l v6 with 370nm of torque and 302 hp . 
  in europe , the base is a 2.5 l r4 diesel with 500nm ( ! ), 
  of torque and 204 hp . 
  despite having 100 hp less the 0-100 km/h time is only half a second apart . 
  why ? 
  because this is a heavy vehicle and a big determinant in getting going is the torque . 
  maybe it 's better to look at the v6 equivalent diesel , it 's a 3l and has 620 nm of torque and 258 hp . 
  with 50 hp less than the petrol v6 , it manages a half second faster 0-100 km/h than the petrol . 
  and you know the best part ? 
  the diesel v6 consumes 37 mpg \u2248 6.4 l/100km combined , while the petrol v6 consumes 21 mpg \u2248 11.2 l/100km . 
  moral of the story : it 's wasteful to equip heavy vehicles with petrols . 
  a petrol engine is both inefficient at getting the vehicle going as well as when it comes to fuel efficiency ( because you have to stomp the gas more to utilize needed torque ) . 
  you do n't need a 5l engine to power an escalade , all it needs is a 3l diesel . 
  so yes , there 's a case for banning diesels in cities , but there 's also an equal case for banning petrol-only in larger vehicles . 
  a good solution to the latter already exists , namely hybrid systems as electric engines have their full torque disposal at get go . 
  so let 's put it like this ; in theory if we wanted to go more green ; eu should look to ban diesel-equipped ford fiesta , vw up !, 
  and skoda fabia type cars ; us should look to ban petrol only in ford f150 , dodge ram and chevrolet suburban type trucks and suvs . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://www.6speedonline.com/forums/attachment.php?attachmentid=133302&amp;amp;d=1284962675 ), 
  i wholeheartedly do n't really see what you 're getting at . 
  i told you that while the ideology is itself different the solution you propose is the same and so are the methods . 
  just a few days ago there was a statistic comparing anarchism and right wing extremism on this sub . 
  while the neo-nazis lead in murders and battery , anarchists were responsible for more violent crime in general . 
  so how can you say you and right-wing extremists are so different after all ? 
  you say you are for autonomy , yet you make decisions for others by destroying property , putting people in a wheelchair and even take lives . 
  i know you already said you are n't one who contributes to the statistics , but you support the movement and you said you can understand people who do . 
  i ca n't , and most people ca n't comprehend how causes you have n't even researched are reasons to kill and put people in poverty , just to prove a point . 
  lot 's of people supported hitler and stalin without themselves doing anything bad . 
  there are people doing the same for isis today as well . 
  support is not innocent if you had the possibility to take a higher ground by doing something else . 
  get new friends mate ... try out party politics for a while , most people are extreme in one or two aspects throughout their 20s and even 30s , it 's normal . 
  but realize that opinions change . 
  i was very left in my teens , then 1st year or uni i was this free-market guy wearing suit blazers and colorful pants full peacock even though i could n't afford it ( yeah , that guy ) and now over time my opinions are much less black and white and probably somewhere between greens and centre , but still having voted for 3 different parties in the last years . 
  do n't ruin your chances at life by not looking around mate . 
  this is nothing personal , just some advice . 
  you may take it or do n't , 
  you really do n't see the resemblance ? 
  really ? 
  everything you just mentioned as solutions is the same that neo-nazis believe in too . 
  masses are stupid and can not care for themselves , democracy does n't work , the hard-working underclass versus the exploitative system , protesting does n't work on its own .
