  these are all things extremists , whether anarchist or neo-nazi believe in ... anarchists and neo-nazis see each others as arch rivals , but why the fuck do they keep to the exact same tactics ; sabotage , theft , violence , even murder . 
  do n't be so surpriced that nobody really sees a difference . 
  kinda seals my point does n't it ? 
   class war  majority does n't understand sorry mate , but how is this not exactly what i talked about in my first post ? 
  this is almost stereotypical . 
  what warrants the use of the term `` class war '' in nl ? 
  this is some ideas you really only can get through group think ... we 're living in the most prosperous of times and no major party right or left is denying that despite this inequality still exists . 
  so what exactly is the value proposition of anarchism ? 
  is n't most of this exactly what neo-nazis also think , only difference being the supposed `` causes '' being different ? 
  the idea that the class society that exists today keeps people in poverty like it did in the previous century is just not true . 
  the only thing between a kid and uni in nordics or benelux is a healthy work ethic , there are really no barriers anymore . 
  even goldman sachs is known to only look at grades , not subject , not background , not family , not wealth , not connections when you apply to them . 
  how is this not reachable by anyone ? 
  it probably requires more work than i did in uni though  last point of paris commune . 
  my point is that it 's funny that anarchists would take credit for this . 
  the demands during this time were lower than what is already provided by modern european democracies . 
  it was a case for universal democracy , not socialism as shaped some 40 years later . 
   it 's looking at the situation we 're in and boiling it down to where the problems come from . 
  which is exactly the problem . 
  they find a few key questions that absolutely are the solution to the problems . 
  these people would n't take to extremism if they were n't fully convinced that their solution is * the one * . 
  but there 's a logical fallacy . 
  you 've probably heard the saying `` correlation does not imply causation '' . 
  there are hundreds of factors that probably impact all scopes of politics , and all problems in society , but that does not mean they are the cause of the problem , or the even the solution . 
  extremists , whether they are anarchists or neo-nazis does n't really matter , fail to realize that politics in democracies , especially european multi-party systems , function on compromise . 
  no party , unless they can secure more than 50 % of the vote , can single-handedly lead a country . 
  this means a government is formed on the basis of negotiation of finding enough common values with other parties . 
  but this also means that political players who do not compromise , i.e. 
  the extremists , will have next to no power in society . 
  and this is also why they feel they `` have to '' exert violence . 
  but can you tell me why they should have power if their support basis is so small ? 
  in essence , is n't this just evidence that the democracy works ? 
  i also read your other reply in this thread . 
  you present some claims as `` facts '' . 
  this : `` but at one point , you have to agree that constantly voting on political parties that are conservative or in the centre of the political party is going to keep everything wrong in the world in the exact same spot '' is a claim . 
  you 're implying you know the cause of all problems , the ideology , and changing this is the solution . 
  this is not at all a certainty . 
  it might solve the problem , or it might not . 
  there are other factors that may very well be the cause of problems . 
  ideological beliefs may be a factor that correlates with the problem . 
  but that does n't mean simply changing the party in power will solve anything . 
  again , correlation does not imply causation . 
  i personally agree with the aforementioned point , but you make it sound as if others should by default agree with it . 
  that 's extremist and a minority opinion just so you know . 
  democracy is there to partly solve this fallacy so that instead of implementing something by blindly trusting the correlation we can take advantage of what the total average of the population believes . 
  this is why you should always vote because democracy by definition does not cater to all interests , it caters to the majority . 
  and is n't this how it should be ? 
  by what right should minority opinion holders get to decide over the majority ? 
  how is that fair ? 
  on another note , statistical tests can nowadays be done by anyone with a computer . 
  you can collect a sample data of gender equality for the last 100 years and look how it impacts the gross domestic product , just control for heteroskedasticity and autocorrelation , run a multiple regression and the resulting table will show a correlation coefficient with statistical significance . 
  we can already hypothesise that growing equality has had a positive impact with a statistical significance . 
  after you run it you now know that equality makes countries more efficient . 
  if you held the opposite opinion you need to change . 
  you can even follow up and do tests to measure causation . 
  you can do all this today . 
  statistics if done correctly does not lie . 
  people have done similar statistical tests on many questions extremists hold . 
  all opinions are not equal , it is possible to prove the opposite of beliefs . 
  if someone holds an opinion that over time does not get heard the logical thing to do is not to take to the streets . 
  it is to do some more research to understand why this is the case , because the longer the time that passes without a proposal getting discussed there 's a growing probability that a ) we already know the proposal does not solve the problem , b ) the proposal is not as important to the solving of the problem as some may think , c ) the problem can already be solved in other ways . 
  it 's also funny you mention the paris commune . 
  looking back at it , it was for introducing an attempt at modern day democracy . 
  while modern day anarchists are very often communists , which historical evidence shows tends to create similar unequal societies that led to the paris commune to begin with . 
  amen . 
  it is mainly caused by groupthink between people not going outside their social circles . 
  there 's nothing wrong with discussing problems in society over a couple of beers with friends once in a while . 
  this is normal for people to do . 
  the problem stems from these people only going for beers with exactly the same people all the time , it does n't really help that people tend to associate with people who think the same as they do . 
  this then creates a circlejerk where every time out they kinda have to one up from the last time . 
  after enough times out they have been able to subscribe most of society 's problems to one or a few key questions . 
  this group now has the solution to all society 's problems . 
  over time they realize that very little is being done to these so important key questions . 
  to the group this does n't make any sense because they know the solution that would solve most problems . 
  it 's very frustrating . 
  also no outsiders seem to understand their reasoning anymore , and the bartender does n't want them in his bar anymore . 
  so they have to find a place that caters to their ideology , meaning more people thinking exactly as they do . 
  this goes on and on until they decide to take action `` for the greater good of society '' . 
  this is how you get both anarchism and right-wing extremism . 
  `` insane '' might be too strong a word , but it is n't mentally healthy to exist in bubbles . 
  kinda depends on the processing technology really . 
  some years revisions are better than others . 
  mobile processor performance has been developed at a really fast pace . 
  some products released within one year of each other might have a more than twice performance difference , while some years the difference may not have been so big . 
  here 's a performance chart of all recent ios devices : https://browser.primatelabs.com/ios-benchmarks an ipad 2 bought in 2012 is 12-13 times slower than a brand new equivalent ipad . 
   farage : uncontrolled immigration of ~ 500 ' 000 ( ~ 300 ' 000 net ) is too high , causing a wage squeeze - gets called fascist/racist farage is called a racist for the numerous times he has said proper racist things . 
  take that interview when he said he 'd be concerned if romanians moved next door , and when asked why he replied `` you know why '' . 
  that 's a pretty clear cut racist thing to say , there 's really no arguing that . 
  on your commute you may be going around 20 km/h ( 5.5 m/s ) , which is a reasonable commuting speed with bicycle . 
  a good rule of thumb is `` 20-20 '' , meaning commuters going 20 km/h have a breaking distance of 20 feet ( 6 meters ) if using both breaks efficiently on a flat surface . 
  so assuming reaction time is only 1 second , the commuter has to be further away than ** two ** car lengths when the door opens to have any reasonable possibility to stop before they hit it . 
  the only other option is swerving into the car lane , but that 's also a big risk in a city especially during rush hour . 
  always wear a helmet . 
  sake flavoured kitkats !, 
  * little power ? 
  * halla-aho just made the finns exit government . 
  the power was already taken away yesterday * completely * . 
  power at state level in finland is exercised by majority governments and nobody else . 
  if you 're not in government you ca n't do much but complain . 
  being in government was the finns party only chance to actually change something after over 15 years of just complaining .
