  of the european nations sweden , finland , norway , denmark , iceland , italy , austria and switzerland do n't . 
  `` the uk would be free to set up trade deals with any country '' you 're forgetting the current trade deals are decided together with other eu countries . 
  this makes trade deal less expensive due to having an upper hand when negotiating these deals . 
  the uk would loose this position if they would leave the eu . 
  this is e.g why norway pays even more in external costs for it 's relationship with eu than if it was a eu member , the uk would do the same . 
  the uk is a net contributor , so is germany ( double that of the uk ) , france ( same as the uk ) , italy ( same as uk ) , denmark , sweden , finland , netherlands and even luxembourg . 
  the thing is , that that does n't matter because actually compared to any of these countries budget it 's a really small fee ( except maybe for luxembourg ) and does n't even infringe on the gain each of these countries get in return . 
  http://kuvat.uusisuomi.fi/sites/default/files/imagecache/artikkelikuva_std/kuvat/akavan_dia1.jpg booleanparity seems to be right to a degree as the 30 % seems to include municipal taxes as well if you see the asterisk of akava data from 2013 . 
  top 3.5 % ( earning $ 75k and up ) account for 45 % of tax revenue coming from * earned income and municipal taxes * . 
  people earning less than $ 35k/yr or negative , 72 % of tax-payers , account for roughly 3 % . 
  vat is not in there , neither is corporate and capital gains , you 're right , but this is very concerning indeed because it raises questions whether it is sustainable only as long as high earners bring in dough , i.e. 
  private sector does good . 
   requires no external sources for capital or whatever else he was going on about . 
  that 's where you 're wrong . 
  external sources for capital are very much connected to teh economy overall . 
  without exports we would n't have as much money circulating within the country as we have today . 
  moving lawns can be done in both finland and north korea . 
  because finland has better productivity and money flowing both from the outside as well as inside the country the value added from moving a neighbors lawn in finland is $ 10 , in north korea it would be like $ 0.50 . 
   the title uses the word `` wealthy '' which implies a large amount of money . 
  exactly , do n't dwell on that word . 
  we all know `` wealthy '' is the wrong choice of word without you pointing that out for us . 
  stop being audacious and discuss the subject instead . 
  do n't dwell on a word when 9/10 understand what that title really means . 
  it makes you look like a giant asshole . 
  $ 80k does n't make you wealthy in finland either , but it is around twice the yearly average salary and now subject to solidarity tax . 
  that 's not just sanctions . 
  finnish made products are very uncompetitive at the moment with a eurrub rate of 76 roubles to $ 1 today versus literally half , 38 roubles to $ 1 three years ago . 
  our problems are from before those sanctions . 
  in finland , for even the smallest business practice they send you a notice if you 've failed to provide enough information or completely disregarded the period report , if ignore this notice you get an automatic fine of minimum $ 1000 . 
  this can go up to several hundreds of thousands of $ for big business counted for every ignored or incomplete period report . 
  in finland we set arguably higher fines for economic crime than you 'd get for `` comparable '' violent crimes . 
  but this makes it really hard to avoid taxes by illegal means . 
  and if you find a way , you 'll get caught sooner or later and given a salty fine with high interest . 
  they will seize your assets if they have to . 
  worth noting is that all those satellites were at the beginning much less prosperous than greece with much less productive economies . 
  they still are , every single one of them compared to even today 's greece . 
  note that the average ivan is poorer than the average evangelos . 
  russia simply could not afford to take on the full responsibility of greek economic demands . 
  the russian economy with the weakened rouble , literally worth less than 2 euro-cents now , has led to it 's current nominal gdp ranking for 2015 in dollars to be below that of your country , spain , at $ 1.2 tn . 
  even with a healthy rouble it placed just in between that of italy and the uk in terms of size of their economy . 
  do you think those two could save greece alone without taking a significant hit ? 
  definitely not . 
  the combined eu economy was 8 times larger than russia when the latter it was still in its healthy state . 
  the only single-country option theoretically capable of funding greece are possibly the usa and china , but what incentive do they have to lend money to an almost certain short-term money-pit with unforeseeable long-term return ? 
  none , really . 
  they certainly would n't lend to a country with a recent default record . 
   more lands means more resources most of the times but also more infrastructure to maintain . 
  finland has crazy-high car taxes for a reason . 
  we have 1/12 the population of germany , yet we have to maintain roads for a country almost as big . 
  so more land does not always equal gain to the economy . 
  russia is an example of this . 
  it has serious problems with upkeep of infrastructure such as roads , which keeps e.g. 
  it 's forestry industry from reaching it 's full capacity of production . 
  there are loads upon loads of natural resources in russia that simply are n't economically viable to deplete due to severe need of federal investment into infrastructure to start . 
  furthermore , there is a logical explanation as to why smaller countries are more effective at organizing these types of investments - because the decision and planning processes are further down the chain where more local knowledge can be utilized . 
  depends what type of reform we 're talking about . 
  the greek government does not need the troika to battle domestic tax-fraud . 
  according to oecd tax-fraud accounts for ** 21 billion ** in lost revenues . 
  several studies have concluded that it 's the [ professional class ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/sep/09/greece-tax-evasion-professional-classes?cmp=twt_gu ) , i.e. 
  the self-employed upper middle-class , that are the worst evaders . 
  furthermore , as an example , certain middle-class greeks still evade property taxes by putting steel girders on their roofs to keep finished buildings `` unfinished '' . 
  that kind of tax-fraud is just as poisonous as any other and has to be torn down and punished accordingly . 
  these types of fixes may not tackle the problem head on but doing something often makes way for bigger restructuring in the future . 
  it 's about sending a message . 
   finland has never even considered fighting for an ally , neither would it . 
  there 's a reason for this . 
  the perception of nato in finland is that smaller countries have to fight in the wars of the bigger countries . 
  yet the bigger countries complain that the smaller countries are the free-loaders . 
  i think this is the main reason why nato support in finland still is in minority . 
  anti-nato people in finland use the netherlands and denmark as examples of victims to nato . 
  their reasoning is that , due to geographical location , the chance of the netherlands or denmark ever being invaded is less likely than the pope marrying another man . 
  yet you still choose to be in nato and forced to fight the wars started by the us , uk and france . 
  i 'm in favor of nato myself , but unless it tackles some big problems , i.e. 
  force members to keep up the 2 % , i do n't see the rest of the finnish population becoming more nato friendly . 
  like you said , the finnish military is defense only and people think it has worked well thus far . 
  people here in finland are much more in favor of increased nordic cooperation as it could better take advantage of our current strategy . 
   if you think anyone is going to walk through life never voicing any thoughts or opinions again , you 're painting this black and white . 
  an opinion is , by definition , not an argument before you can back it up with evidence . 
  the evidence comes in different levels ( shades of gray ) that will fit different situations . 
  you could hint to a neighbor not to put their kids in school a because you 've had bad experience with all three of your kids . 
  you do n't need to provide more evidence in that situation . 
  however , if you 're an official advising the government whether to do a or b you ca n't possibly go in front of them and present your evidence with observations of just three fucking kids when they 're expecting report results from a thousand hours of work weighing different studies !, 
  scale differences , you 'd be out of a job instantly . 
  so is it too much to ask that you provide a link to prove why the finnish system does n't encourage creativeness ? 
  you 're the one with a dissenting opinion of something that has been thoroughly researched by people much smarter than you and i. 
  your experience as a 3-child parent does not suffice as a counter-argument against scientific research or multi-million dollar budget education statistics . 
  why would they spend money on pisa when a 3-child parent somewhere in finland already has the answer ? 
   i had n't noticed the requirement to do research in the op . 
  if you claim something , you need to back it up . 
  i do n't think an adult has to explain to another adult why this is necessary ? 
  nor do i think i 'll have to explain the difference between a claim and an observation ? 
  you took the former approach , hence you need to provide evidence . 
  if you 'd taken the latter nobody would have batted an eye . 
   never listen to dissenting opinions . 
  and that 's the problem here , right ? 
  we 're asking you to provide some sources to back up your claims . 
  you can have an opinion , but you can not claim it as fact without objective evidence to back it up . 
  is this too much to ask from you ? 
  my comment features an example to complement a popular opinion already backed by objective evidence . 
  it 's neither an individual opinion nor my own common sense .
