  creditsuisse has a better graph for an ftse etf by blackrock : http://fundlab.credit-suisse.com/lu/en/retail/fund/detail/ie00b00fv128#chart, 
  [ traditional finnish throat singing ] ( https://youtu.be/pfcquroweku?t=140 ), 
   this is almost certainly too optimistic an assumption . 
  it works elsewhere including countries with more advanced equipment that should have a higher learning curve than here . 
   sweden , with almost twice the population and a significantly larger defense budget , could n't make the professional system work the swedish professional army was supposed to be implemented in full by 2019 , with the volunteer force coming last . 
  so sweden is still in the transition period . 
  whether it 's necessity or bad decision-making to keep a transition this long i have no idea . 
  one problem that has always been a problem in sweden is that officers are doing administrative tasks instead of training soldiers . 
  old but relevant : http://www.dn.se/debatt/karriarstyrda-officerare-skapar-inkompetent-forsvar/  this is something that is already happening , but the need for , and the existence of , a rapid reaction force does not remove the need for a deep reserve as well . 
  this is partly of what is meant by a 3 staged military . 
  first the reaction force is assembled during 1 day . 
  secondly , the voluntary force is called-in over the course of 7 days . 
  this second group is the active reserve . 
  third , the war-time conscription is done over the course of 3 months , and a few hundred thousand men , i.e. 
  within the time frame of some of our slow battalions today , except those in the 3 stage system were already mobilised in stage 2 . 
  it 's a matter of using resources most effectively . 
  since sweden never had a functioning step two , at least until 2019 , they do n't have a functioning professional army . 
   furthermore , you severely underestimate our abilities to call up first echelon forces . 
  the mobilization system in its current incarnation has been developed since the 1960s and is n't even closely comparable to what the ukrainians had . 
  even though full mobilization will take some time , the existing high readiness units can already be mobilized very rapidly . 
  this is true . 
  the benefit a professional army is making it possible to call-up all types necessary at short notice , and using forces effectively even before the gradual ones are up and running . 
  the problem with ukraine is that a conscription based military inevitably has large parts that take very long to mobilise . 
  a professional reaction force followed by great voluntary forces are ready in no time , meaning all functions necessary are up and running over the course of a week . 
  then they are filled with war-time conscripts over the next months . 
   with currently ongoing enhancements to their readiness , the only way they could be faster was if they were fully manned and equipped and on permanent standby . 
  this is what a 3 stage system does . 
  you split the duties as 1 . 
  critical damage control from first day , by rapid reaction force consisting of professional soldiers , 2 . 
  necessary units all up and running during the week , this is possibly by well trained volunteer force . 
  quantity is added by conscripting peace-time civilians according to criteria of abilities , over the course of the 3 months , ranging from week ( s ) to months of training . 
  that said , it 's easier to fulfil this in nato . 
  this way an agression can be met with aiding countries after stage 1 and 2 , not only militarily , but by training the war-time conscripts . 
  i 'm not saying a conscription based system is bad , i think it fulfils the military need we have and deterrent for now . 
  i just do n't agree with it , and i do n't agree it 's the only way . 
  i 'm here just acknowledging some benefits of 3 stage professional defence would have . 
  even with conscription , we should spend more on the rapid reaction duties . 
  there are lots of models for this . 
  canada and poland are countries to look up to . 
  we can still maintain a fit for duty personnel of close to our current size of about 950k . 
  people would still sign for a draft , but in peace time we are civilians . 
  interested people can do a voluntary military service often in exchange for indirect benefits in some form , tax relief , titles etc. 
  this is how most countries do it . 
  the idea is that you focus on the rapid reaction force , which all are highly trained professionals . 
  unlike our current reserve , these can be sent in full or in part to even minor aggression , if a similar to crimea if ever happened in finland . 
  the other part is those who went to voluntary service being a part of the active reserve , like today , but being fewer they can be given qualitative training . 
  the rest is taken according to their current abilities . 
  poland has 15m , canada has 7m fit for duty even without conscription . 
  if we have 950k fit for duty , we pick up to lets say 1/5 according to criteria if aggression ever accelerates to that level . 
  the benefit is being able to pick servicemen according to current abilities . 
  this would favor picking 25 to 35 year olds with strongest physics and the shortest barrier to learning . 
  the idea here is that a 30 year old with a relevant ms.c and 5 years relevant work experience needs only a fraction of the time to learn something versus an 18 year old whose biggest life accomplishment thus far is matrix multiplication . 
  the idea is n't to end military service , it 's to end conscription . 
  filter out the unmotivated , stupid and physically weak from service because they are quite frankly not worth the effort for active reserve . 
  not only does this cost in conscription , but there 's uncertainty involved in a soldier still being either fit for duty at 30 in which he was assigned to at 18 , or whether he simply is now better somewhere else . 
  an amphibian guy becoming a doctor after military service , that amphibian training was thus a waste of resources . 
  better to leave that guy who will only ever be intermediate in active reserves and put him directly in the inactive reserves . 
  better to spend his resources on the guy who with current conscription spending would become good to make him and excellent serviceman . 
  these are some of the benefits of having an inactive reserve that is n't pre-selected , but chosen according to abilities during wartime . 
  it would require significantly more money . 
  but it 's worth it if it means to abide by western values of liberty . 
  work needs to be paid for , unpaid work has no place in a western society unless it 's voluntary . 
  conscription is only cheap currently because we withhold what we really should have to pay the soldiers for their time spent in duty . 
  paying conscripts for their time in duty would be the right thing to do . 
  these are just my 2 cents . 
  men would enter the workforce one or more years earlier than they do now . 
  this would maximize their productivity over their lifetime . 
  lost tax income is an indirect cost of conscription , because men work one year less . 
  a professional army lets everyone contribute according to their ability . 
  the majority finances and the best suited and willing do the manual labor . 
  letting everyone focus on what they do best maximizes total gdp ( theoretically ) which means more tax income and higher military budget . 
  in a year we educate 20k conscripts which would amount to a ~ 15k in lost tax accounting for averages of income tax and vat . 
  that 's a yearly cost of $ 300 million , 15 % extra to military budget , and about $ 800 million in lost gdp , assuming it increases a finnish mans productive years by 1 . 
  this would in itself finance 10 000 extra full-time soldiers , or 30 000 part time soldiers , which would all be in a professional rapid reaction force . 
  we do n't really have one today , it 's almost completely voluntary . 
  the article states that we really do n't need more than 350k soldiers all in all , assuming full scale warfare , the rest is better spent on technology . 
  furthermore , it assumes that we can take perfect decisions when to employ military force . 
  look at ukraine , they have 7 times more soldiers in the reserve fit for duty , yet nobody responded to call ins . 
  when military had gotten mobilizing under way , crimea had already been seized and donetsk and luhansk under russian influence . 
  this tells us that a conscript army is hard to mobilize in parts . 
  good luck convincing politicians to to issue anything but part time mobilization when all aggression against finland is a few missiles a day that the opponent denies are officially theirs . 
  this is where a professional army with a professional reaction force shines . 
  when it 's your money that 's used in something then you should at least take some interest in how it 's spent . 
  a professional army would possibly be more expensive , and would require more tax . 
  my point is that it 's worth it for the benefits . 
  these are just my 2 cents . 
  but that is n't his point . 
  the point is that the buck and five does n't have to mean conscription . 
  in fact , it 's kind of the tactic that mainly poor countries without sufficient capital to advanced warfare choose . 
  exactly the point . 
  it 's not for you and me just tried to explain my position from the strategic view as well and ending with a joke  does n't take away from the main point about liberty . 
  short answer : professional army that pays a living wage for full-time and part-time duties . 
  longer answer : ( preface : the entire point of a professional army is to leave these decisions to people with years of experience , so no detail here because i 'm the wrong guy for that ) our military functions are primarily being a deterrent to attacking us , and defensive warfare in the case someone attacks anyways . 
  creating a bigger reaction force and a much bigger budget for them to educate and use advanced warfare is what makes professional armies advantage . 
  it maximizes the instant damage to the aggressor which is both emotional and financial deterrents . 
  if country attacks anyways it saving a lot of lives lost during the mobilization , both civilian and militant lives . 
  you can still conscript anyone in wartime , but the most important moment is creating the military infrastructure in the beginning , and that should always be left to professionals , and professionals only . 
  it 's still more effort to attack than to defend , which is the only reason older technology and quantity over quality is still viable in defensive warfare . 
  it is however not better . 
  a single ct with an awp can hold up a bombsite a in dust2 for several minutes , assuming the ts do n't all rush at once with p90s or m249 machine gun .
