  edit : here 's a 2 year old 12 person sauna for $ 15000 . 
  i 'm refering to this table : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wind_chill#/media/file:windchill_effect_en.svg wind chill is very much a thing , kind of the same reason you do n't dress a kid in shorts in april just because the quicksilver on your balcony has reached above 15c . 
  i guess i 'm the reason we need '' / s '' ... 
  why is it nonsense ? 
  sure it 's more useful information than only accounting for whatever the quicksilver says ? 
  i mean , -10 c with 8 m/s winds will freeze you as fast as windstill -20 c. 
   us does something hideous : well yeah , shit happens , life is n't fair . 
   russia does something hideous : stop them , at once !, 
  i get it 's funny sarcasm , but that 's genuinely how the world works . 
  i do n't think you 're implying this ... * x does something hideous : well yeah , shit happens , life is n't fair . 
  * * russia does something hideous : well yeah , shit happens , life is n't fair . 
  * ... would be a better scenario ? 
  then there 's this ... * x does something hideous : stop them , at once !, 
  * * russia does something hideous : stop them , at once !, 
  * ... scenario . 
  the difference is that out of the three options , only two are viable . 
  both are unfair to one or more parties , but one is less unfair than the other . 
  if this is news for you then you 're in for many more disappointments . 
  but we 're both from small countries , so i presume you 've already experienced this first-hand too . 
  or why does finland build a nuclear reactor with rosatom ? 
  because we 're free-market economies . 
  business is a good thing , it creates jobs and prosperity . 
  the eu has n't sanctioned exports/imports or the exchange of services with russia , putin did that for select industries . 
  the only sanctions from eu are asset freezes and visa bans , as well as restrictive measures on trading financial instruments originating in select state-controlled russian companies and banks . 
  otherwise business as usual . 
  yeah , but that does n't really have anything to do with eu sanctioning russia . 
  iraq 2003 does n't entitle russia to behave the same today . 
  some get away with things , others do n't . 
  the world is n't fair , but that does n't mean we should n't at least try stopping that what can be stopped , especially that what could end up affecting us . 
  because none of those conflicts are a direct security threat to us . 
  the sanctions against russia are n't some moral-competition , it 's insurance against a direct threat towards us . 
  saudi-arabia doing missions in jemen is not a direct threat to europe . 
  sanctioning russia economically is a good idea , and involves no military means . 
  russia only has one single card to play , its military . 
  russia punches quite well above its weight , it 's international economical power and population makes it in theory somewhere in between mexico and brazil . 
  keeping that in mind , it 's pretty interesting that the bigger players in the world have even let russia enjoy a position to wields as much political power as it does today . 
  i 'm pretty sure russia would do much better today had it accepted political power matching its prosperity , because political power has to be maintained and its expensive and uses resources you could spend on other things . 
  russia right now is like that guy making an average salary yet leases a mercedes s-class . 
  russia has a ton of natural resources , but most of it can not be extracted because the state invests so little into infrastructure . 
  i 'm not saying russia does n't yield from having a strong military , it 's a huge country after all , but the level it 's currently at is awful return on investment . 
  the costs is still high , that 's why few cities do it . 
  led is great for a city since it produces the same amount of luminance requiring half the power . 
  but bulbs with higher luminance are expensive , even most home-leds are n't proportional in price . 
  that 450lm bulb might seem attractive at $ 5 at ikea , but 450lm does not replace a ceiling light in a medium sized room , you 'll need multiple . 
  for 15m2 room you require 800-1000lm in order to not have to switch on other lights when searching for things . 
  a 1000lm bulb might cost $ 30-40 in a normal store . 
  it 's great in the long run , but the proportional up-front cost is huge , and will discourage some . 
  now take that to street lamps which has to emit 5000lm to 30000lm depending on use . 
  it gets ridiculously expensive , and cities have to count whether the up-front cost is even worth the savings in electricity . 
  in most cases it will be , but $ 800 up-front cost per switched street lamp might discourage a lot of cities . 
  not on the factory floor , but offices being effectively bilingual is quite common in finland today . 
  all hallow 's eve ( finnish : pyh\u00e4inp\u00e4iv\u00e4 , swedish : alla helgons dag ) is more a religious tradition in finland . 
  generally happens on a saturday week 44 . 
  this year same day as halloween . 
  it is a day dedicated to remembering dead relatives and friends . 
  the most common part about finnish all hallows eve is that people go [ light candles at the gravestones of their dead loved ones ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-98cfelhkem0/unqm9gkguii/aaaaaaaac-8/fzv5rwsvimg/s1600/dsc_0230.jpg ) . 
  many people also eat a little nicer . 
  the anglosaxon halloween exists nowadays among kids and it happens that some go extort their neighbors on candy . 
  the commercial world has tried making halloween a thing in finland but i would n't say it 's much bigger today than when i was a kid . 
  in practice it 's not very big at all . 
  you 'll have halloween-movies on tv and scary looking candy . 
  i think halloween parties are kinda prevalent among younger generations though . 
  the reason why halloween generally is n't that big in finland is that halloween and all hallows eve intercross some years . 
  finns generally are conservative when it comes to traditions and many people think partying on a day dedicated to remember dead loved ones is n't really appropriate . 
  many old people really dislike the idea of halloween and it is n't unheard of that some will be downright offended if you go knock on their door dressed as a monster . 
  this article explains when young people move away from home . 
  i 'd say it correlates pretty well with buying homes as well . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/mar/24/young-adults-still-living-with-parents-europe-country-breakdown it 's very different between european nations . 
  in the nordics most young people move out when they go to university , or when you start working after vocational school if you went that route instead , quite like the us . 
  in the southern countries the norm is that people live with their parents until they are economically stable enough or marry . 
  even students who went away for university can move back home after uni . 
  this is n't the norm in finland , most people would n't even be willing to move home if offered the opportunity because `` freedom '' is worth more than no/low rent at the parents house . 
  money is also an issue in poorer nations without systems for student loans and grants . 
  there 's no monetary reason to live with your parents as a student in finland . 
  there 's no tuition and you get up to $ 500 in direct government grants and $ 400 in loans per month of which 30 % is written off if you finish your studies on time . 
  housing is subsidized and even close to the heart of helsinki a subsidized rent can be under $ 400/month if you live in an apartment with shared amenities but with your own room . 
  i used to live in one of these during my studies and my rent was $ 350/month . 
  i also lived in my own student apartment for $ 500/month during my last years of studies . 
  so it 's really cheap for students . 
  i could have lived at home but my bus costs would have been $ 200 and my government grant would have been only $ 150 , so i would have lost more money had i lived at home . 
  but i 'd say population density plays a bigger role in rich countries when it comes house policy throughout your life . 
  land is dirt cheap in finland compared with germany or the uk . 
  the reason is population density . 
  finland is 40 % bigger than the uk , but has 1/12th the population . 
  there 's also different cultures in how you live . 
  in finland and the us we skew heavily towards owning houses . 
  in many parts of europe the norm is to rent . 
  rent vs owning is really just a trade-off between having more available capital for anything ( rent ) or having a cheaper cost , and more say regarding the property , but more capital tied up in your house ( owning ) . 
  that single-family detached house with a front and back yard is n't even in the plan for life everywhere , because in many countries this is exclusively for the well-off , and not attainable within reason for a big portion of the middle-class . 
  west-finland too . 
  yes . 
  new york times just put the odds at 53 % in favor of trump ... 
  additionally all labor contracts should n't have to be full-time . 
  late night and weekend shifts are very popular among students , who often could n't work at all if it was n't for the availability of these hours . 
  if the shopkeeper gets to have the sunday off , why should n't the pizza guy ? 
  with what logic is ordering a pizza okay but buying a bag or rice is n't ? 
  it 's irrational . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  because the view on life , purpose and deity are vastly different between protestant , catholic and orthodox churches even after cooperation agreements . 
  many of the ecumenical views of catholicism that prompted protestant reforms were still present for a hundred years after trent , and many still exist today after the vatican ii .
