  well , eurovision just moved 42km, 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  the first part is exactly my point . 
  however i disagree that a superpower has any military expectations . 
  like i said , military activity is less and less necessary when borders are becoming less and less important . 
  money is pure brute strength . 
  money is the most effective weapon . 
  with globalization and business being international military force has become more and more irrelevant . 
  a war between two financial centers will hurt them both equally . 
  a shot fired on the opponent is a shot fired at yourself . 
  here is one that implies that this may be the case : http://rt.com/usa/china-us-economic-economy-373/ however , these views should be taken with pinch of salt , going from $ 8.3 bn to over $ 15bn is hard !, 
  however , with chinas growth rate not impossible . 
  nobody has been able to determine chinas real gdp growth rate accurately , on wikipedia it is 8 % but some economists say it could very well be 20 % with the rapid change of turning government functions into private companies . 
  the average ipo ( initial public offering ) in china has scored 160 % during the first day of sale for the last decade !, 
  compare this to the average ipo in eu at 4-10 % . 
  things are definitely changing in china . 
  money decides . 
  it 's as easy as that . 
  with more goods created and distributed together we are a bigger economy . 
  the `` world leading power '' status would probably take a while to create , we 'd basically bounce on the same level as the us , but we would slowly gain more and more influence . 
  the only reason the us is at the top is it 's economic importance for the world . 
  they have huge advantages of scale that we currently do n't have , the biggest being international influence . 
  one thing is for sure about especially the eurozone . 
  if we 're gon na have the same currency the classical mentality that every country has to strive for higher exports than imports is completely insane . 
  that means the countries with advantages of scale will just grow bigger and the smaller ones will just slide into a worse position for every year that goes by . 
  why ? 
  because countries like greece have limited control over their financial policies . 
  before the eurozone existed countries could just devalue their currency to regain their position , this is not an option anymore . 
  however , the situation is not bad at all !, 
  the eu is currently the biggest economy in the world ( gdp of eu : $ 16.6 bn vs usa : $ 15.7 bn ) , the problem is that we have no way to use that position without joining together once and for all . 
  if we created a joint fiscal union we would be in the position to use this and actually bypass the usa and become the world leading power . 
  for some reason this is rarely mentioned . 
  people say china will pass the us in less than 1080 days , this is a make or break situation for eu . 
  the question is whether we are able to build this joint cooperation or not . 
  i believe in it , but it does require some changes to please those who are against it too . 
  e.g more democracy . 
  depends how you define `` sliding into oblivion '' , because a b - is still `` sliding '' . 
  the short definition of a `` b '' with an added '' - '' is : `` risky ; expected to get worse . '', 
  so by no means has the economy stopped declining , the prospects just are n't as bad as we thought before . 
  `` b - '' is just one grade higher than `` probable bankruptcy '' . 
  source : a guy from fitch and another from s&p visited my uni just a month ago . 
  from an international point of view the finnish language is as useless as an empty bottle of vodka . 
  most of us also speak english and around 60 % can have a conversation in swedish so there 's nothing really to gain for a foreigner to learn the language unless said foreigner thinks about moving here for good . 
  this is a valid point , i do n't understand why you 're being downvoted . 
  i graduated upper secondary last year and my city is now officially empty of people my age , we 're basically 4-10 people left of the 140 persons from my school & year . 
  data of us residents or us citizens . 
  the us has not right to information about a british person having money in a non-us controlled bank . 
  like said above : this is not relevant to the topic . 
  what if we started changing the rules of the game rather than wasting time hating the players ? 
  yes , however their height and thickness also vary greatly by height over sea level and latitude . 
  the type of pinetrees ( and complete lack of leaftrees ) points to a nordic country above 65 \u00b0 latitude , the hilly landscape points to norway . 
  am i right ? 
  denmark is certainly cheapest for new cars due to their 180 % tax on cars . 
  looks to be a quite expensive country for second hand . 
  by looking at www.autoscout24.de you can see that italy and spain are the cheapest for second hand cars . 
  however germany is not far behind in price , not to mention that germany is basically in the middle of europe so in terms of logistics cost of transporting it back home it might be cheaper . 
  germany also has less car mileage fraud than italy and spain according to a local car importers guide . 
  `` homeschooling is illegal in germany , prompting one family , the romeikes , to flee to tennessee seeking asylum . 
  germany is n't alone : homeschooling is outlawed or severely restricted in several eastern european and balkan countries . '', 
  how is this a bad thing ? 
  homeschooling is always worse than education at a funded institution , in other words a school . 
  this is a law to protect the children and defend their right to a proper education . 
  parents are neither educated teachers nor unbiased . 
  this was statistics for the nationalities of accounts created/existing i believe . 
  that 16 % of reddit accounts were from india , but their statistics in % of pageviews was a lot less , something around 10 % . 
  domestic content is n't too often on the front page , not even american ones unless you 're subscribed to r/politics . 
  but i have seen plenty of indian content on here in r/worldnews and even in f7u12 . 
  maybe you just scroll past them ? 
  different nationalities maybe visit a different range of subreddits . 
  reddit is 42.3 % americans as of april 19th 2013 , and that number has been sinking rapidly every month . 
  so it is less american than i think you believe . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_financial_transaction_tax `` market reaction on the day that the tax was announced , share prices fell by 2.2 % . 
  but there was leakage of information prior to the announcement , which might explain the 5.35 % price decline in the 30 days prior to the announcement . 
  when the tax was doubled , prices again fell by another 1 % . 
  these declines were in line with the capitalized value of future tax payments resulting from expected trades . 
  it was further felt that the taxes on fixed-income securities only served to increase the cost of government borrowing , providing another argument against the tax . 
  [ 1 ] even though the tax on fixed-income securities was much lower than that on equities , the impact on market trading was much more dramatic . 
  during the first week of the tax , the volume of bond trading fell by 85 % , even though the tax rate on five-year bonds was only 0.003 % . 
  the volume of futures trading fell by 98 % and the options trading market disappeared . 
  [ 1 ] 60 % of the trading volume of the eleven most actively traded swedish share classes moved to the uk after the announcement in 1986 that the tax rate would double . 
  30 % of all swedish equity trading moved offshore . 
  by 1990 , more than 50 % of all swedish trading had moved to london . 
  foreign investors reacted to the tax by moving their trading offshore while domestic investors reacted by reducing the number of their equity trades . 
  [ 2 ] '' this is horrible !, 
  we do n't have that tradition here in finland . 
  just go to the website of a uni , e.g university of helsinki , and they will have a section for foreign students . 
  you 'll be accepted based on your previous studies and the entrance exam , usually no letter needed . 
  which universities that you 've checked in finland have this ? 
  a normal year should be around 60 points , around 6 per course , so 30 for each semester . 
  the 45 is a minimum so the government does n't pay for slackers . 
  if you do n't reach 45 you have to pay the support back . 
  this makes a diploma take around 4 years , 5 with 45p . 
  we 're allowed do more than that however so those who have slacked usually take more courses in year 3 or 4 , my classmate actually took 120p in year 1 in order to have the `` right '' to slack at 45p/yr until diploma !, 
  according to several studies my country ranks 1-3 in world ranking along with south korea , new zealand and denmark . 
  pros : - no tuition fees from elementary grade 1 -  finished masters from uni . 
  we actually get paid ( around $ 300-500 / month ) by the government to study on uni level , as long as we get at least 45 points a year towards our diploma . 
  - no private schools . 
  all systems are coordinated by the finnish government . 
  some special programs such as ib or eb baccalaureate can have tuition ( e.g international schools ) . 
  gives everyone a more or less equal start in life .
