  emergency strategies , like devaluing a currency , are not as effective anymore when the import-export ratio is much closer than it was just 15 years ago . 
  what country do you live in ? 
  - finland do you live paycheck to paycheck ? 
  part-time job + government aid is enough . 
  do you have a job ? 
  - part-time yes , university student . 
  how much do you get paid hourly ? 
  - around $ 10 which includes a nice restaurant lunch worth $ 10-15 once a day . 
  this is accompanied by \u2248 $ 450/month in student aid by government . 
  do you live in a apartment or house ? 
  - house . 
  do you attend college classes ? 
  - yes . 
  what job type do you have ? 
  - mostly accountancy . 
  but i work at a law firm so the work varies . 
  welcome !, 
  til i 'm suffering ... my 4g already peaks at 50mbps + in helsinki and 20mbps + in most parts of southern -  mid finland . 
  by taking how sparse my country is i 'd say we 're doing excellent . 
  i call bullshit on this . 
  by europeans standards finland and sweden are huge . 
  sweden is 3rd biggest in eu and finland is 5th . 
  it may be easy for someone living in malm\u00f6 ( 40km to copenhagen ) or helsinki ( day-trip to tallinn by ferry ) however , it would take roughly 20h for someone from kiruna to drive to copenhagen . 
  sure it is , but that also means that the team with the biggest fan base leaves the national league . 
  this could mean that the national league becomes smaller and less professional , for all remaining teams . 
  personally i think this is a great thing , but i do understand those who think it is madness and blame jokerit for the unknown future of `` sm-liiga '' . 
  sm-liiga is the most discussed sports topic in finland by far . 
  moving to khl is the big thing . 
  kontinental hockey league is the biggest hockey league in eurasia , and second best in the world ( north american league nhl being the biggest ) . 
  the league consists now of 29 teams from 9 countries after jokerit joins . 
  the owner has tried to make a european league for the last decade but with no luck so now the team decided that it would join khl instead . 
  they also opened talks about the rest of the nordics also joining the khl , but that is still speculation . 
  at least better than dubbing since sound and voice still works as intended by the director ( and mouth movement ) . 
  whenever i watch english/swedish/finnish movies i still subtitle them in the same language to not miss any line . 
  `` the presence of bullet proof glass '' i visited the place last week , it 's a pretty open place from both sides . 
  huge boulevard to the east , busy traffic to the west . 
  any nut-job could potentially do as they pleased there so i think it 's quite standard security . 
  sure , but corruption happens a lot more in especially china , but also usa , than within the eu . 
  china built huge ghost cities just appear to have a huge gdp , and usa is quite fucked when it comes to financials , not to say the eu is n't . 
  but i still stand by my word that a fiscal union would solve the eu crisis as it would eliminate the need for competition between eu-nations , especially those within the ez . 
  this would increase cross continental trade and resources would meet production where it is most effective . 
  in terms of financials the eu would become more united and we could all thrive from the economies of scale of being a part of the biggest economy on earth . 
  either a fiscal union or nothing . 
  i stated my reasoning , which are influenced by economic results i 've calculated myself and not politics . 
  i know many economists have come to the same conclusion . 
  `` the eu produces nothing , america produces next to nothing , and china has slave labor , no real environmental regulations , and produces everything . '', 
  the eu produces a fucking ton of items . 
  i think you do n't understand the meaning of gdp , which is the combined worth of items produced within a country for a given year . 
  according to imf ; eu is currently leading the world with $ 16.6 tn gdp , usa is 2nd at $ 15.6 tn and china 3rd at only $ 8.2 tn . 
  ( imf + 3 more indexes at : [ list of countries by gdp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29] ) ) again , this is what i talked about you shouting out rubbish without evidence . 
  `` debt is a sinking ship , the euro is a ponzi scheme based on debt , therefore the euro is a sinking ship . '', 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
  i have n't mentioned anything about being for or against euro , or even interested in the article . 
  i am however against biased people like you trying to inflict your views on mine without proof . 
  do you even know what a ponzi is ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  you 're allowed to lobby as much as you want for your cause , but shouting out things without providing evidence is called deceiving , no matter if right or wrong . 
  but here is my views ( economics & finance student ) , i 've worked a lot on these issues this year because they interest me : having the same currency means that the classical mentality that every country has to strive for higher exports than imports is obsolete . 
  that means the countries with advantages of scale will just grow bigger and the smaller ones will just slide into a worse position for every year that goes by . 
  why ? 
  because countries like greece have limited control over their financial policies . 
  before the eurozone existed countries could just devalue their currency to regain their position , this is not an option anymore . 
  this is why we need a fiscal union . 
  however , the situation is not bad at all !, 
  the eu is currently the biggest economy in the world ( gdp of eu : $ 16.6 bn vs usa : $ 15.7 bn ) , the problem is that we have no way to use that position without joining together once and for all . 
  if we created a joint fiscal union we would be in the position to use this and actually bypass the usa and become the world leading power . 
  for some reason this is rarely mentioned . 
  people say china will pass the us in less than 1080 days , this is a make or break situation for eu . 
  no , dude . 
  i 'm not implying that anything is sinking or floating . 
  i 'm just telling you to stop putting your opinions into a headline . 
  unless you can not prove your statement it is worth nothing . 
  i did n't make this personal , you did . 
  `` how do you know i am not an economist ? '', 
  pretty obvious . 
  `` besides , the latvians do n't want to join the euro ... 
  the banksters do '' fair enough . 
  but their currency has been bound to the $ for years already , so nothing would really change besides not having to print their own money anymore . 
  so $ or ls does n't really matter , they 'd be still equally fucked if the euro fell . 
  who are you to say it is a sinking ship ? 
  that 's what i was implying on . 
  you 're certainly not an economist . 
  so shut up . 
  '' ( sinking ship ) '' not at all biased are you ? 
  it 's obvious that the holes are made to be filled with butter and the flat side to support the bread when on the table ;p, 
  consider they banned youtube because a greek user posted an inappropriate video of a long deceased army official . 
  this was in 2007 !, 
  yes , that 's how fucked up the situation is . 
  i do n't see a turkish membership in a lo-oooong time . 
  it 's a nice country and the people are very nice , but oh god the levels of nationalism and intolerance . 
  `` but both starting a business and going to school takes capital . '', 
  business : takes only a phone contract and enough money for ads in the newspaper for anything in the service industry that you think you could do . 
  i have a website for electronics repair and installation , the whole costs have been less than $ 300 in total to set it up , and half of that was stupid crap i did n't need anyways . 
  my family also has a cleaner who came to finland less than 3 years ago and has both studied and worked full time on 3 different jobs since them . 
  it 's all about determination . 
  you 're not gon na go anywhere from computing all day long from mum & dads cellar . 
  `` a superpower is a state with a dominant position in the international system which has the ability to influence events and its own interests and project power on a worldwide scale to protect those interests . '', 
  i think china fits perfectly in this category . 
  instead of creating enemies around in the world china has focused on growth and building bridges to every single corner of the world . 
  if anyone has diplomatic capability , without inflicting stalemate or increased tensions , it is china .
