  the risk is too great that the child is n't going to understand when a doctor tells him/her objectively about the matter , instead he/she might feel like this is what he/she 's expected to do . 
  easy , just stop municipalities from even contemplating the idea of saving money from education ( biggest problem ) . 
  classrooms get bigger , help teachers are laid off , local schools are closed in favor for bigger schools , outdated books are kept and schools get less funding for teacher-seminars . 
  both . 
  but simply talking about domestic problems finland fell because of two reasons : 1 . 
  municipalities have been saving a lot from education . 
  less school hours , less help teachers and hours for those in need , outdated books and methods . 
  also there has been a trend to close the local small schools and create bigger classes in a few bigger schools . 
  the level of motivation has fallen among the school children . 
  the second reason probably has a little to do with the first . 
  however , finland is still predicted to be the best-scoring nordic country on the list so it looks like denmark has fallen a bit too . 
  but we 'll have to wait and see , the final results will be released tomorrow dec 3rd . 
  france opposed not because of roma but because of border security from outside europe . 
  roma is irrelevant in schengen discussion , because most of them can already move freely within europe . 
  the problem here is outside immigration that would pass through romania and bulgaria . 
  but that said . 
  the dispute is also fueled by ignorance from the far-right parties . 
  what else would it be ? 
   `` it is evident to all concerned that bulgaria and romania are ** ready ** , that we are working on our borders effectively , and , as i would say , much better than some other countries , '' said the bulgarian president , quoted by the agency . 
  if you say you 're ready , but other countries are still motivated to decline ... for gods sake , then you are n't ready !, 
  just because you think you 're ready to have sex , does n't mean you can have it without the consent of your partner . 
  this president makes it sound like `` consent '' is a bad thing . 
  that said , this does n't mean i would n't want to see romania and bulgaria in schengen in the future , because i really do . 
  but seeing it from the other side ; immigration has boosted innovation to all high levels . 
  at least here in finland immigrants are over 4 times more likely to start a venture compared to native citizens . 
  i do n't think so . 
  previous years you 'd have to pay a small sum to get them privately . 
  however , newspapers usually take the opportunity to publish stories about what celebrities earn . 
  and the biggest newspaper in the country , helsingin sanomat , buys in and makes a search engine of all the citizens who have earned over a certain amount ( $ 150k + this year ) . 
  sure , because all roma are the same ... people forget that there are hundreds of different `` clans '' living by different standards and even speaking different languages . 
  not all roma tend to the stereotype , in fact the grand majority are honest people . 
  traders , farmers , workers etc. 
  but sadly those are n't interesting to the media . 
  what about the clans that made multimillion fortunes by legally acquiring and selling scrap metal after the fall of the soviet union ? 
  swedish is one of the two official languages in finland . 
  so no , it is n't appropriate to call it `` foreign '' . 
  you 've obviously never held a conversation with an \u00c5l\u00e4nning have you ? 
  i have good friends from there , it 's a myth that they 'd like to be a part of sweden . 
  the grand majority want to keep the status quo with finland . 
  but just like we have radicals who get far too much media attention here on the mainland , they have theirs . 
   \u2022 an end to job cuts , fairer wages and pensions , shorter working hours and payments to parents who stay at home how will she end job cuts and shorter working hours with political decisions ? 
  more regulations ? 
  a ban on job cuts and longer working days may sound nice , but when business is bad it 's either a choice between job cuts or longer working days or everyone loses their jobs . 
   \u2022 decent housing for all , and an end to all foreclosures same thing , decent housing for all sounds nice , but who will fund it ? 
  more debt ? 
  only way is to try to help end poverty , and that 's something politicians have worked on forever with mixed results . 
  foreclosures are not something that happens at random . 
  if someone loans another persons money to buy a house but can not pay the loan like agreed it is more than logical to let the lender have the house . 
  what happens if you regulate this ? 
  lenders would obviously stop lending . 
  left-wing speaker my ass , populism is what this is . 
  everyone can throw out concepts , but what people actually need are well structured plans for how to execute these ideas . 
  for these two , she has none . 
  it 's usually this kind of people , great speakers who fool supporters with false hope , that are dangerous to society if not called out before it 's too late . 
  in terms of safety , both countries have drastically lower criminal statistics than the us ( even lower than maine ) . 
  standard of living is probably more or less the same as in the uss richer states . 
  from googling a bit ( source : business insider ) , it seems like the german healthcare system is ranked 25th and switzerland 20th . 
  the us is ranked 37th , france is ranked 1st . 
  how can one forget `` forbrydelsen '' ( the killing ) ? 
  i 've spoken with both british and americans who seemed to pronounce europe without a consonant , -  `` oerop '' . 
  sounded quite funny to say the least . 
  i must add that these people had strong dialects . 
  this does n't make it grammatically correct however . 
  ah , that clears things up . 
  the banks here in finland are going to stop offering the automatic service by next year . 
  good luck carrying all your bills and bank pass-codes to the library/uni every week . 
  i would n't do it for the security risk , seeing how people have used the computers at my uni : /, 
  i presume this does n't include those who have disconnected their broadband for mobile internet . 
  i was sailing in greece this summer and almost every kiosk sold 15 and 30-day internet cards , mobile internet of course . 
  dafuq did i just read ? 
  `` i find the concept of poles and germans living in the same nation ridiculous . '', 
  i do n't . 
  in fact one of the busiest borders is the german-polish . 
  you 'd still be separate union states . 
  see it from the bright side . 
  you could always live alone in peace on the mediterranean coast of spain or greece by buying a foreclosed villa for 1/4 of it 's price before the crisis ... 
  i find it 's refreshing that someone contributes with a wider selection of articles rather than having the same posts staying on the front page for several days . 
  that 's because of the west dialect , the same that settled in scotland and parts of ireland . 
  old english was heavily influenced by old norse so i do n't doubt that . 
   vikings had a bigger permanent impact on scotland than england , not to say vikings did n't already have a big impact on england because they certainly did . 
  yes , the norwegian vikings had settled the west coast of england , mainly the coasts of what is today cumbria , lancashire and merseyside in similar tradition to scotland . 
  also parts of wales and the whole of isle of man was settled . 
  e.g 4v -  1b has a bigger impact % - wise than 5v -  5b ( v as in vikings , b as in inhabitants of british isles ) . 
  vikings had a bigger permanent impact on scotland than england , not to say vikings did n't already have a big impact on england because they certainly did . 
  vikings had such a big impact on scotland that the west dialect of old norse ( norwegian vikings ) was pretty common already in years 850-1000 in mid-north scotland . 
  the east dialect ( danish & southern swedish vikings ) of old norse was spoken in settlements around the east coasts of england but did not move into the country like the west dialect due to old english being so dominant . 
  that 's a valid point . 
  however , by year 1000 the density of england was estimated at 2 500 000 compared to 500 000 in scotland , mostly centered densely in the agricultural lands of the south . 
  scotland was sparse compared to the south and southeast coast so viking settlement and trade outpost had a much bigger impact on scotland & hebrides , orkney and shetland compared to england . 
  actually their history make them half-nordic . 
  if they secede , i would n't have anything against scotland applying for a seat in the nordic council . 
   in june 2013 , icelandic prime minister sigmundur dav\u00ed\u00f0 gunnlaugsson stated that , in the event of a yes vote in the 2014 scottish independence referendum , iceland would welcome scotland as a member of the nordic council . 
  [ 13 ] the following month , s\u00f8ren espersen , deputy leader of the danish people 's party , said in an interview : `` there 's lots of opportunities . 
  we are so close to each other in so many ways . 
  there will immediately be a close connection . 
  i know that the danish government will accept straight away that scotland could be a member of the nordic council . 
  '' [ 14 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_council, 
  actually , finlands purchasing power rose by a fair bit when we joined the ez . 
  but by no means should sweden join the euro right now when you 're doing so well on your own . 
  but the world economy is changing , drastically , right now and even though it may not look like the euro is doing well at teh moment the changes are certainly not in favor of lesser currencies .
