  - no real competition between schools . 
  no competition in school except on exams . 
  it is better that kids learn how to cooperate rather than always doing individual work . 
  - school days usually around 6h , homework is based on things we have done in class or are about to do in class . 
  no home-studies that are expected on exams . 
  - values different learning . 
  people respond different to methods of learning . 
  this is why it is important to make a fine line between written learning , vocal learning and independent work . 
  - how smart you are is 100 % of what you can achieve in this country education wise , you can not buy yourself into uni . 
  - free full meal of food every day in school grades 1-9 , and 1-3 upper ( high school ) . 
  soups , meatballs and mashed potatoes , fish and cooked potatoes , chicken and rice , and a salad table . 
  cons : - bureaucrats want to `` cut spending '' because somehow the system we did by hand 35 years ago takes too much time nowadays with computers and modern technology ... - language learning is bad . 
  we are basically taught grammar only . 
  do n't get me wrong , almost everyone knows english and the majority can communicate in swedish , but its a different story for all languages that we have no relationship with outside the classroom . 
  i did french for 6 years and did n't learn anything . 
  only now have i learned it . 
  who the hell learned to write before they could speak as toddlers ? 
  there 's a reason for that !, 
  - we have no upper level `` snob '' uni for the really talented because every uni gets funding equally depending on the amount of students and their diploma/student rate . 
  tl ; dr : we see education as a future investment rather than a cost for the government . 
  two types of tuners , the younger dudes with less money tuning lower end cars and those with loads of money tuning performance cars . 
  many of my classmates tuned their cars when i was in high-school , usually gtis and japanese sport cars tuned on a budget . 
  they did n't look that good . 
  then there are the people who actually make their cars a piece of art . 
  one of my neighbors ( almost neighbor ) has a nice garage with tuned supercars ( porsche 997.2 gt3 rs tuned into a cup ( the track version ) ) , and an audi r8 with matte black wrap and aftermarket rims ) and classic rally/racing cars ( warsteiner dtm e30 m3 replica , and audi s2 abt c5 replica ) . 
  those are tuned , but clearly no overkill and not done with a budget . 
  they look splendid . 
  i believe the reason why there are less of lower end tuning cars is 1 . cars are more expensive to a. 
  buy and b. 
  run . 
  if you have n't noticed gas is almost double here than in the usa . 
  we have nice looking options , instead of tuning a cheap car i can go and buy an already stock tuned older merc amg or bmw m car for the same price . 
  the us does n't have a vat system in the same way most european countries have , so parts are expensive . 
  most younger people ( as in under 45 ) have debt and kids so they can not save , older people on the other hand can . 
  the average pay on cyprus is $ 2300 so if a couple saves $ 700-1000 a month for retirement it would only take just over 10 years to get that sum of money . 
  now take into consideration that if this sum is always invested at an average return of 6 % this time will go down to 6 years . 
  so saving from ages 45 until retirement can earn a couple up to $ 300k, 
  not at all rare for older people . 
  wealthy people do n't keep all their money in a bank . 
  old people and their life-savings is what got a haircut . 
  finland . 
  we buy our booze from estonia , a 24 of 5.2 % beer is sometimes even 50 % cheaper than a 24 pack of 4.5 % restricted beer here . 
  i 'm not saying everyone does this , but a lot of students and people who are gon na have a huge party do this . 
  swedish snus ( tobacco consumed under the lip ) is also big here , but stores are forbidden to sell it . 
  it is allowed however to consume it and buy it from the tax-free on the finland-sweden ferries or on mainland sweden . 
  many of my classmates in highschool and now in uni paid/pay a portion of their rent by selling stocks of snus to their mates . 
  a 200 $ investment ( 6 stocks ) can be sold for 600 $ on the street . 
  0.892 , so close enough i think finland is lower because of us scoring worse on equality , i mean our bible belt is quite large ... 
  but these stats seem to vary a bit . 
  according to `` the economist '' , the only real dark green nordic country is norway at 0.91 . 
  sweden 0.88 , denmark 0.84 and finland 0.83 . 
  edit : just saw that public health is a bigger problem here than in the other nordics . 
  `` also christianity invented marriage as we know it today and it 's their traditions and you have no right to change it . '', 
  christianity did n't invent marriage , actually the institution of marriage predates recorded human history . 
  cyprus is not the only thing happening , if our politicians focused only on one thing at a time instead of dividing into different sections means nothing would get done . 
  since matrimony is n't a religious tradition only means religion should n't dictate it either . 
  churches should obviously have the right to refuse things that do n't agree with their policy without outside intervention . 
  with the same rules the churches should n't intervene in other peoples business either . 
  yes but there 's already double taxation i believe , at least there is in many eu countries . 
  first you 're forced to pay full tax on your corporations profit . 
  then again full tax when you as one of the owners check it out as dividends , if no relief strategy has been set . 
  i 'd say jari tervo . 
  he 's an author but has been a figure in finlands version of `` have i got news for you '' , `` uutisvuoto '' since 1998 . 
  it 's the most viewed program after yle news . 
  professional army , most of europe already has that . 
  and those countries with a mandatory service can not withstand an attack as it is it seems . 
  there have been recent studies that non-nato sweden and finland ( 350 000 men ) could n't even withstand an attack longer than about a week . 
  ireland would probably not do any better with its 7650 soldiers ... so a unified professional army would be a win-win . 
  that 's the pun, 
  you said the truth until the last sentence . 
  generalizations never contribute to anything . 
  you should have left the last sentence unsaid . 
  i could have upvoted you that way because what you wrote is correct ... now you just look like a total douche, 
  what 's costly is having these people remaining outside of society . 
  so providing a bit of assistance would be the cheaper option . 
  it could be something as cheap as providing everyone with a complete entry level course in pdf-format through email . 
  this could be sent to expats as well . 
  the fall of the nation is inevitable , but it may be a dangerous process . 
  my conclusion from the nk refugee ama thread ; 1 . 
  china has realized that they can not control pyongyang . 
  they were outraged when nk tested their nuclear program . 
  china will take action in some way . 
  the nk-china friendship is not a certainty anymore . 
  poor nation . 
  most people outside pyongyang lives in extreme poverty . 
  too much illegal outside data is imported to the nation every year for the government to handle . 
  sk movies and even us movies are easy get your hands on illegally . 
  the younger generation does n't believe as much in the propaganda as older generations due to this . 
  more for profit oriented people . 
  more investments from the outside . 
  that said there 's nothing really the western nations can do . 
  china still controls most of the situation . 
  i think he is more concerned about productivity than labour costs . 
  i can imagine that the cost of labour only accounts for a small fraction of total costs , so 1 $ / h or 15 $ / h does n't really matter at all . 
  a stand-still factory on the other hand may be the expensive part . 
  8 productive hours a day through an agreement is slavery ? 
  i doubt a statutory minimum wage is good for the country . 
  the wage has to be different between branches in order to work with supply & demand of labor . 
  the european countries that determine min wages with an agreement between social partners ; sweden , finland , norway , denmark , iceland , italy , austria and switzerland , have on average a constant lower unemployment rate compared to those european countries who have a statutory min wage . 
  germany has statutory wage , it just does n't apply to all branches .
