  the crash 2008 was partly caused by mortgage-backed securities , mbs , sold in collateralized debts obligation contracts , cdo . 
  rating agencies were fooled by banks that made very advanced `` never-seen-before '' cdo contracts that very just derivatives of bad parts ( called tranches ) of other cdos . 
  banks said that there are so many loans that they are diversified to a point of zero risk and were given aaa-rating . 
  statistically that would have been correct if 1 ) the debt had been diversified enough and 2 ) the underlying debtor is capitalized . 
  since all were mbs , the amount of loans does n't matter for diversification because they are always going to be affected by the same factor , i.e. 
  the event of a housing crash . 
  in other words - they were n't diversified . 
  the second problem was that the mbss were of the type that the us government had overseen so poor people would be eligible to buy houses , i.e. 
  the debtor was n't capitalized whatsoever . 
  in fact , they were grouped together with the same fallacy as in point 1 ) and added as better tranches of other cdos ... to even begin to assess the risk , the rating agency would have had to assess every single loan in the cdo , which was impossible by the sheer magnitude of these mbs-tranches and every single loan would have been evaluated . 
  so they took the bait and were fooled . 
  so rating agencies are n't accountable for the 2008 crisis , they just played a part in it that turned very embarrassing on their part , that even they had to pay a fair bit of money to settle that it 's pretty much a given they wo n't let poor judgement affect ratings in the future . 
  if credit rating agencies were fooled , how easily do you think countries , institutions and even regular folk will be fooled ? 
  this is why we need credit ratings . 
   we introduced regulation for banks but rating agencies are pushing the same shit as before . 
  credit rating only do ratings and their business operation consists of having scale economies on information . 
  they do n't `` pushing shit '' because it 's profitable for them . 
  no , that 's not how they make money . 
  in fact , they get paid for not `` pushing shit '' , and even more the longer their streak of not `` pushing shit '' . 
  the `` big 3 '' exist because they have never `` pushed any shit '' over so many decades . 
  if they pushed shit today they 'd forfeit a reputation they have built over so many decades . 
  their reputation is the source of all income of a credit rating agency . 
  in fact , rating agencies do n't make much money at all , and they are n't very big firms either compared to banks on a similar level . 
  they do n't sell anything but ratings , and companies pay them to rate their debt . 
  they are a necessary evil from the company perspective just like auditing firms . 
  they are highly regulated , but there 's also a reason why it 's just the big three ; s&p , moodys and fitch all firms uses even though there are hundreds of firms . 
  the reason is that they have given reliable track record over several decades . 
  rating agencies know the larger picture of the industry better than anyone , but they are n't banks and can not know everything behind new financial innovations to make reliable new formulas . 
  they are never making biased decisions out of malice . 
   we need more transparency we thought we had transparency in 2007 , now in 2016 we have even more transparency , the banking regulation before was strict but the new ones makes it close to impossible to fool credit rating agencies like banks did with their advanced cdos in 2008 . 
  it 's just very hard to set appropriate regulation before things have hit the fan before . 
  how is my point about computers ridiculous ? 
  it is the exact same reasoning . 
  sitting still for hours a day without getting up at least once in a while is absolutely terrible for you back , muscles , joints , mental - and cardiac health . 
  just like sugar it does n't affect everyone negatively to the point of health concern , computers can be bad but they are n't universally bad like cigarettes . 
  there 's no health benefit in taxing an athletic person buying a computer . 
  sugar makes the body acidic , to balance the effect the body throws micro nutrients such as calcium at the problem . 
  this can turn into a problem for the kind of persons with a limited supply of micro nutrients . 
  as long as you stay within the who recommended < 10 % of daily calories limit it 's no problem in eating processed sugars , given that you have a healthy micro nutrient intake . 
  sugar is bad only for those who can not control their lifestyles to match their energy expenditure with food intake . 
  cigarettes on the other hand are bad for everyone and in all rations . 
  there 's no health benefit in taxing a perfectly healthy person buying a candy bar . 
  there 's a difference . 
  with the same logic we should tax computers as well because of their relation to the minority getting back problems , joint pain and weak muscles as early as in their 30s . 
  my experience is that groceries are n't that much cheaper in greece compared with groceries in finland . 
  in fact , a lot of items are significantly more expensive in greece , e.g. 
  milk & dairy , eggs are almost twice the price compared to finnish prices . 
  i may have been unclear , government is the highest branch of the ministries pretty much everywhere , with a minister being the `` ceo '' of a ministry . 
  a ministry is a government service , but it is separate to the coalition currently in power . 
  an elected minister 's duty is n't being an expert in the field , his job is to take advice from experts and shape those possibilities according to the will of the people he represents . 
  the ministry itself is n't made up of politicians , but white-collar employees who are there as public servants , and will serve under multiple governments . 
  they are experts in their field with the duty to oversee governmental modules , predict future performance , and communicate this information to the minister to aid him in making the right decision regarding future policy . 
  the minister 's duty is to balance public opinion with facts . 
  example : promising double pension may get a politician voted in , but facts from the ministry will likely tell the minister that it can not be implemented , because it would take away money from another important function . 
  this is kind of what defines populism ; promising policies without having asked any experts yet . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ocular_dominance driving on the left side of the cockpit gives the average dominant eye ( right ) more visibility , with no window line shaft being in the way , which nowadays can be stupidly thick . 
  that said , there 's no real evidence that says one side is better than the other . 
   in what way does not having your dominant hand on the wheel at all times not make sense to you ? 
  you should keep both hands on the wheel , and shift when it 's safe . 
  automatics are getting more prevalent in europe and electric vehicles do n't need gears because maximum torque is available at any given time . 
   with no real oversight government does n't oversee things , the government sets guidelines . 
  ministries do the overseeing part , and they do n't stop working because a coalition falls . 
  a ministry will operate based on the latest long-term guidelines ( usually 3-5 year period at a time ) it was given . 
  so there 's really no worry in the short term , like mr pin says in the article . 
  it becomes a problem if the environment changes much within the time-frame and adjustments become necessary , because the ministries only have power to switch to a b plan in crisis . 
  here 's a video of the religious bunch praying before the [ concert ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=np9j3nqqiks ) . 
  this is really weird . 
   houses are more expensive than chinese shit houses are paid over the course of decades , and retains value to your name . 
  items for consumption are either 1-use or has a limited timeline < 2 years , and retains no value . 
  so it 's not the same thing . 
  in reality consumption accounts for a pretty large part of your total expenses when you add everything together . 
   i think middle to low income people could definitely enjoy the 30 % drop in property prices these are the people who will have their houses foreclosed when the bubble hits . 
  if you are low middle class you probably had to take out a hefty loan to buy your house . 
  your mortgage does n't drop when your house value drops so you 'll be pretty pissed . 
  the 2008 us foreclosure disaster was accounted for a 21 % drop in house prices . 
  guardian is speaking of 30 % after brexit , although probably quite the exaggeration . 
  a 30 % decline will put many middle-class people underwater on their mortgages , meaning people will owe more to the bank than the house is worth , which drastically increases risk of personal bankruptcy . 
  meanwhile well-capitalized citizens will buy these foreclosures for a fraction of their price at which the bank would break even on the loan , and will proceed to rent it to the same family . 
  rich man 1 house - poor man 0 house . 
  brexit will also raise prices of consumption goods that are imported if the drop in gbp value stays like this or continues to drop . 
  computers , cars etc will be more expensive proportional the change in currency prices . 
  a drops in gbp translates overtime into a proportional drop in foreign purchasing power . 
  products designed and manufactured overseas will go up in price proportionally . 
  middle-class families do care if a macroeconomic effect puts them outside of e.g. 
  car ownership , in 2016 pre-referendum pounds # 20k new golf trades for # 24k + in post-brexit 2019 money . 
  that 's a pretty hefty difference . 
   hungry families do n't eat gdp . 
  homeless people do n't sleep in gdp . 
  not to sound harsh , but this demographic does n't make up a very big portion of the voter base in any first world country . 
  do n't forget the chocolate sprinkles !, 
  i feel empathy for everyone doomed to miss their deadlines due on monday . 
   the share indicies indicate value of shares which is a tell on future dividends , an increase would suggest business conditions will improve . 
  many of the british indices that have been cited consist of multinational companies with revenues mainly in other currencies than the gbp . 
  if all cash-flows of british company x are in $ $ $ but stock is traded on lse in # # # , and if # # # weakens 10 % , then the stock will go up proportionally in # # # . 
  the stock value exchanged to $ $ $ remains the same . 
  this is why the ftse100 and 250 etc are up . 
  ftse 250 : https://www.google.com/finance?q=indexftse:mcx ftse 250 in usd : https://www.google.com/finance?cid=10628785&amp;hl=en if you look blindly at ftse250 , it 's up 8 % over 6 months . 
  if you adjust for dollars , ftse250 is down 1.4 % over 6 months . 
  adjusted for euro , it 's down 1.6 % . 
  hence proves my point that the rise is caused by the currency change .
