  if anything , the decision of these 20 to secede from the finns party now makes it possible for them to regain whatever little influence they can have by trying to make it into the new government and actually create a strong option to rkp+kd for sipil\u00e4 to choose from . 
  https://fi.wikiquote.org/wiki/jussi_halla-aho quote 1 : 1st one under `` rikollisuudesta '' quote 2 : 10th under `` politiikka '' quote 3 : 5th under `` islamista '' quote 4 : 5th under `` afrikkalaisista , somalaista , romaneista ja juutalaisista '' quote 5 : 2nd under `` rikollisuudesta '' so there 's a sneak peak of what kind of guy we 're dealing with . 
  we 're not talking about a guy that just has been quoted out of context , these are all legitimate quotes made by jussi halla-aho and nobody else . 
  russia has plenty access to black sea without crimea . 
  there is really no benefit to crimea worth the price that has been paid to acquire it . 
  but i agree that it 's a bit late to change what has happened . 
  this is an eea matter . 
  norway is an eea member , which is still under the european commission . 
  this means norway adopts a lot of eu policies that it does n't get a say on but when it comes to eea matter it gets to negotiate as if it were a member . 
  so this regulation applies to norway and iceland as much as any eu country . 
  think of it like this : norway is to eu like what puerto rico is to the united states . 
  i would argue it 's the same with the populist parties in europe . 
  we call them right-wing , but they are n't really more comparable to traditional centre-right conservatives than they are to social democrats . 
  sure , they are socially conservative but in all other respects they are workers parties catering their views to unskilled labor and generally lower-middle-class demographics . 
  the finns party is centre-left economically . 
  just being against tax increases does n't make a party economically right-wing if they simultaneously promote things like big government market intervention and protectionism . 
  i do n't know about you , but when i hear `` left vs. right '' the first in my mind is their economic stance , not their social stance . 
  in finland , i would n't say that there 's that much difference between the three traditional parties ( kesk , sdp , kok ) in their social values . 
  they differ a bit , but the starting point is the same . 
  we really only have two parties representing social liberal values at all ; the green party and the swedish people 's party and both are minority parties . 
  [ updated tonight . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgoj2q0nijc ), 
  but how else will we censor the blood ? 
  think of the children !, 
  i get it 's a joke but that 's pretty much the problem . 
  for northern europe , the big change with climate change is a very unreliable weather climate . 
  we 're already fortunate enough to have the gulf stream making us much warmer countries than we should be at our latitude . 
  with climate change we 'll have more extreme warm and cold period changes than before . 
  this means that we will experience more sudden cold/warm weeks , which essentially is a bad thing in the transfer seasons between winter and summer . 
  that can cause trees and plants to postpone their clocks to much later than we 're used to , similar to this year . 
  exactly , but this problem is what macrons solution would solve . 
  you 'll always have new york city versus detroit situations in entities with the same currency . 
  you have this problem in poland as well . 
  but the thing that monetary unions have , predominantly federal systems like us and canada have is a system of transfer to counter the negative effects . 
  when alberta got rich because of oil and in turn sky-rocketed the canadian dollar , some of the proceeds were transferred to provinces that were negatively affected by the crazy high currency . 
  we do n't have such a system in the eu and that 's why these problems of ours still exist . 
  we would all have been out of this crisis much sooner if we had a similar system . 
  the problem is that there just has n't been any will to introduce one in the past . 
  but monetary transfer is a fundamental part of any currency and it will have to be implemented sooner or later if we want to keep the euro in the long run . 
  if we ca n't come to a solution like this we will have to switch back to our former currencies , it would be inevitable . 
  i like my euromonies so i do n't want this to happen . 
  it 's important to note that these two countries are still very different from each other despite the trend . 
  while all countries have different attributes and values , life in britain and the us is different . 
  one country is densely populated , the other is literally the opposite with a magnitude of x10 . 
  this fact alone meaning that infrastructure is very different . 
  and then when we move to politics we can see that there is even a bigger divide . 
  so if we just look at the anglo-sphere , the same differences can be said to exist when you include canada and australia , both a further 10 times less dense . 
  canadians , australians and americans live in properties double the size of the average briton and they kinda need a car to not limit themselves massively , something that is n't a given in britain . 
  there 's very little economic sense that the uk would start relying on language as a commonality after brexit . 
  that used to be a thing when english speaking countries were the ones steering the industrial revolution which started in britain and then led to huge developments in the new world . 
  but today , the world is more global and our problems and solutions are much more specific . 
  it 's no longer so simple as whether to buy a car or not , it 's about choosing a car that fits your specific needs . 
  in this paradigm , it 's not even sure from the get go that problems in the uk even exist in the other anglo-sphere countries . 
  if we relate back to cars ; the most sold cars in the us and uk are a ford , but the models are like night and day , ford f150 in the us versus ford focus in the uk . 
  the point about the risk of the world might turn multipolar is interesting , but i do n't see why the spheres would be based on language , but based on differences in what problems and solutions the people have . 
  this is why we have the eu , whether it will look the same in the future . 
  the case is pretty simple , the average frenchman and briton lead pretty close lifestyles , even if they may not want to admit it , when you compare the average briton to the average american . 
  the thing is , if you look under `` le passif '' in the financial declaration / u/luol-dengue posted , she already had two presidential campaign loans of $ 2.0 + $ 3.6 million from cotelec . 
  neither fillon , macron , nor melenchon have/had * any * presidential loans of similar category in theirs . 
  presidential elections are generally not financed by loans to begin with so that 's a moot point by her to begin with , not to mention taking a further 9 million from outside the country . 
  i was talking about the family . 
  jean-marie inherited the fortune of hubert lambert when marine and her siblings were children . 
  that wealth is worth about $ 300 million today . 
  the family still own the napolean iii era chateau included in the will . 
  people gave fillon shit for being rich , but the le pens are several times richer . 
  that 's a fact . 
  it 's not at all irrelevant . 
  jean-marie is 88 , so it 's not at all impossible that marine might be in for inheriting a part of the fortune in a couple of years . 
  it 's a little stupid to compare pay when the le pens are worth $ 300 million . 
  it 's not like they are in there for * just * another million . 
  there 's a lot more money to be made in campaigning after you 've retired from politics compared to when you 're active in politics . 
  you 're from quebec . 
  i did my exchange semester at esg uqam in montreal . 
  i speak french . 
  i know there 's bias on both sides whether you 're in europe or canada . 
  but in essence , language is just a tool where communication is the goal . 
  languages are definitely valuable from a traditional view . 
  but it sucks at being a value proposition when you 're negotiating between parties of different tradition . 
  because in these situation you have to put all that aside and negotiate with the common ground you have . 
  an example : i took marketing and strategy courses during that semester and one thing that was repeated is that many quebec based start-ups try to enter france without market research . 
  these attempts fail miserably . 
  because the french-canadian lifestyle is still north american at core . 
   you guys heavily invested in english ; that 's great , but do n't expect the rest of europe/world to follow your lead . 
  that change has already happened , and is still growing in all eu countries . 
  english proficiency is now `` moderate '' ( threshold is 50 % ) or higher [ in all eu countries ] ( http://www.ef.fi/epi/regions/europe/ ) they were able to survey . 
  if you compare historically you 'll see that the `` steadfast countries '' france , spain , italy and germany have all increased , from having the ranks `` low '' or `` moderate '' to now having `` moderate '' or `` high '' english proficiency . 
  then look at the proficiency statistics for [ german proficiency ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-af7ce06b95796e9212bd16f8ca07d84d.webp ) or [ french proficiency ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-dd917ccdb21a5c01564a37411dbb8c96.webp ) . 
  it 's either very low , low or moderate . 
  and the trend is sinking . 
  so there really is no case for what juncker said . 
  in fact , that assumes two changes in the future ; first , that english proficiency would not just stop growing , it would also tank . 
  second , german and french proficiencies would not only stop sinking , they would also start growing again . 
  both of these need to happen for juncker to be right . 
   will erasmus students be visiting english-speaking universities ? 
  universities in finland are switching over to english , and that 's a trend in many other european countries . 
  international academia is in english , so it makes sense for academia to become english . 
  you 're not getting very far in academia if you restrict yourself to minority languages . 
  all the most renowned journals are in english . 
  it 's important to also look outside europe , since e.g. 
  chinese universities are more and more internationalising with bilateral agreements to the us and europe .
