  on the other hand 5ft6 me can easily survive just fine on 1500kcal during lazy days . 
  populist parties thrive in opposition where they can pressure the government , through criticism , from the outside . 
  the true finns say they will aim for government but they will opt out on their own initiative during the discussions , just like they did in 2011 . 
  1800kcal ? 
  what the hell , 1800kcal is the average sized moderately active man 's daily intake . 
  that is , a person with an office 9-5 that bikes to and from work . 
  average sized men in physically demanding professions should have at the very least 2500kcal a day . 
  that is , construction workers , farmers and soldiers etc. 
  not without bbc affiliation or consent . 
   so i am looking forward to a new program led by the former trio . 
  be that bbc or not . 
  there 's not a snowball 's chance in hell the trio has n't signed a non-competition agreement with the bbc as part of the topgear brand protection . 
  jezza can start a new show for another network , but not with hamster or captain slow , nor could the show be topgear-themed . 
  such is life for the `` big 5 '' countries . 
  only having one shot to convince the audience is a pretty major disadvantage if you ask me . 
  but speak for yourself , i think this song is good . 
  but competing in a sea of extravaganza means it 's definitely one of song that need to grow a bit for people to really notice . 
  the bonnie tyler song from a few years back is a good example of why being `` big 5 '' can really suck . 
  if i remember correctly it scored really bad in esc , but it was played on finnish radio occasionally for several weeks after . 
  from the article :  it calls for a complete ban on all vehicles that are n't emissions-free , which means efficient hybrids and plug-in hybrids will also be banned . 
  hydrogen fuel cell cars will be allowed . 
  doubt it will happen though . 
  it kinda depends on the development of evs more than on the politicians . 
  several large cities across europe have already implemented emission zones . 
  however , they are not bans like the newspapers want to write . 
  usually you pay some money for a permit to drive in these areas . 
  some areas are banned for everyone except people living there , taxi and evs . 
  however , these are places that you 'd not travel to by car anyways . 
  they have proposed such for helsinki as well , but finland does n't really have the same emission problem ** as germany , france or uk because our population density is n't `` dense '' even in our capital . 
  ^ ( ** we do but for a different reason . 
  our taxation policy on cars has led to the car population in terms of age resembling cuba ^ / s. 
  our cars are 5 years older than eu average -  more pollution . ), 
  diesel is n't dirty . 
  this is a misconception . 
  modern diesels are much less thirstier than a comparable petrol engines , diesel packs more energy per litre than petrol . 
  studies calling diesels dirty recites the same phrase that diesels emit more nitrogen oxides , nox . 
  they forget to mention is that diesel contains no lead , and that co2 is slightly lower while co and hydrocarbons are very very less than that of petrol cars . 
  tests have also been done across countries , where diesel quality makes a huge difference . 
  the quality we have here in eu is great , 15 ppm & below sulphur in diesel , whereas in russia its 50-500 ppm . 
  so yeah , nox is a bad thing , and diesels still have some way to go . 
  but they are not dirty . 
  diesel is also 10-20 cents cheaper per litre as well as 20 % + less consumption per 100km of new cars , which also factors into the equation . 
  however , in environmental terms this is pretty much offset by the fact that it takes more crude to make a litre of diesel versus a litre of petrol . 
  e.g two comparable opel/vauxhall hatchbacks ( manual transmission ) : astra 1.0 t 170nm/105hp emits 99g/km drinks 4.3 l/100km versus astra 1.6 cdti 300nm/110hp emits 90g/km that drinks 3.4 l/100km  tesla 3 is only 30000 euros . 
  you have a source on that ? 
  us prices usually do n't translate well to europe . 
  but 50k is probably exaggeration . 
  prices of cars in the us are usually cheaper than anywhere else in the world . 
  its not just taxes , the us makes up such a big bulk-consumer of cars that they get huge economies of scale when it comes to pricing . 
  i guess $ 35k -  $ 50k is pretty much an exaggeration but cars such as the new mustang ecoboost starts at $ 35k in europe while starting at $ 25k in the states . 
  that said , if the model 3 is made in the tilburg plant then the price difference will probably not be this huge . 
  volvo is a swedish company , but owned by a chinese company geely . 
  just like jaguar land rover is a british company , but owned by an indian company tata motors . 
  everything goes as usual . 
  innovative edge has not been lost.a few years ago volvo was first in its segment to pump out a hybrid based on a diesel power train . 
  furthermore , their new t6 engine pumps out 316hp out of a 2.0 litre 4-cylinder engine . 
  these numbers has only been achieved by japanese vanity engines in the past , not in mass-production cars . 
  it puts it on par with mercedes who also came out with a similar engine , but with the difference that the mercedes is a low-production one . 
  this is impressive engineering if anything . 
  in fact , volvo is first in the premium segment to switch to all 4-cylinder engines . 
  this is possible by combining supercharging and turbocharging . 
  they have produced an ev in the past and they have new ones on the way based on their new platform independent from ford . 
  do n't be ignorant . 
  do some research before you whine about something . 
  combustion engines are still relevant as ever and lots of manufacturers have made huge leaps in making them even more efficient even though its been said since over a decade ago that the limit has been reached in efficiency . 
  guess not . 
  evs are great , but they are not cars for the people just yet . 
  budget evs are n't viable to make because batteries still cost a lot . 
  in a $ 20k ev , $ 10k would be the battery . 
  that leaves little space for things like size , safety and equipment . 
  tesla is doing a good job being the first to a sensible car ( offering/price ) at the $ 80-100k + price range . 
  the model 3 is going to introduce that to around $ 50k range and compete with the likes of opel ampera and vw golf-e . 
  but we 'll have to wait some years before anyone introduces a sensible normal sized sedan or family hauler under $ 30k . 
  we do this in finland as well , but most people add ham and a bit of mustard . 
  some people add pineapple tidbits or tomatoes as well . 
  also , www.mindfactory.de ( bought my last pc 100 % from here ) . 
  $ 20 per shipping box to finland . 
  one shipping box fits all internals you need . 
  but do n't order case from here like i did because it will be shipped in a separate box . 
  here up north components are very expensive . 
  same parts ordered from finnish verkkokauppa or swedish webbhallen would have ended up at $ 1350 , versus the $ 1040 , with shipping , i spent buying from germany . 
  service was good and they do answer questions in english , and were willing to alter my order for another motherboard no questions asked . 
  only downside is that payment was by invoice rather than online portal , which postponed shipment by a day or two . 
  you have far fewer stacks of gold per uk citizen . 
  per capita is in the end all what matters . 
  10 persons sharing $ 10m is more prosperity than 100 people sharing $ 50m . 
  $ 50m/100 group with a common goal has a bigger potential impact on society , but the $ 10m/10 group can afford to lead a better life-style . 
  your country being able to throw paper-planes on a smaller country without consequence , although fun , does n't benefit you in the slightest unless you 're able to turn the paper-throwing into a competitive advantage . 
  your country being able to secure a bigger safety net for you always matters . 
  in the latter regard norway is in its own league really . 
  one can not expect small countries to scoop out great songs every year , still i think denmark competes well above its weight and has great songs more often than it should . 
  as for finland we usually send songs that are unique to us , but sound at best mediocre internationally . 
  sweden is the exception because they see eurovision like others see the olympics and have a committee that gives favour points to contestants/songs that they think will get votes from europe . 
  as for the uk i think you are cursed by being in the big 5 group that go directly to the final . 
  you 've had loads of good songs , but only the great songs score well . 
  i think this is because people are much more likely to vote for the good song they have heard before , or heard someone speak of , versus the good song they just heard for the first time in the final . 
  the biggest music industry in europe should score better . 
   your eurovision entries are consistently trash . 
  [ now kiss !, 
  here is one advertised for a starting price of $ 9900 with delivery in time for the start of 2016 season : http://www.nettivene.com/moottorivene/muu-merkki/625309 it 's pretty small and does n't have its own motor , but probably perfect for a family .
