  the usd is the least sensitive to sudden macroeconomic happenings of all floating currencies . 
   slovenia pulutes much les forests with `` oil '' like canada . 
  slovenia has a density of 100 people per km2 , canada has just 3.5 people per km2 . 
  slovenia is just based on this 30 times worse to nature than canada . 
  canada has forests bigger than entire central europe , in fact its uninhabited area is bigger than entire eu . 
  yes , canada does both mining and oil but in order to be worse than us they 'd have to pollute more than all eu members combined . 
  the oil does n't magically make them worse than us , in fact with that much land area it can afford to plan mining and oil production to be as lenient on environment as possible . 
   are you deliberatly changing the subject ... 
  i said nothing about the production of oil yes you did . 
  you said `` why should n't we preserve the nature everywhere ? 
  is n't it our duty to humanety ? '', 
  in reply to a comment regarding oil production . 
   why mine tar sand at all ? 
  there is enout oil in opec to last us decades , and its much clener than tar sands . 
  because when it 's above the margin for profit it 's beneficial to the canadian society to produce oil . 
  oil buyers can vote with their wallet if they want , but they do n't . 
  opec countries are too often unstable and conflicts have heavily impacted oil price history . 
  the more suppliers the less volatile will the price be . 
  additionally we 'll have to go over to other sources of oil than opec countries in the future anyways , so it does n't really matter if you do it now in a country that environmentally can afford it . 
   wtf are you talking about ?!!, 
  you said trudeau saying canada is postnationalist . 
  i 'm saying it is n't . 
   germany alone has 16 states !, 
  what is yout point ? 
  germany does n't have a monetary union or united fiscal policy , it 's in the euro-zone . 
  canada has both a monetary union and united fiscal policy between provinces . 
  this is why i 'm talking about currencies , i 'm not just `` rambeling some random shit about curencies '' for no reason . 
   so does russia , so what ? 
  exactly , now you get it . 
  i 'm just talking about canada because the op article talks about canada . 
  that and because russian federation is still a fairly young state . 
   a monetary union of the eu sense in 2 dozen countries making one cuency between themselves . 
  not one country . 
  again what is the point of your rambeling ? 
  we 're not making one country . 
  we have to make one common fiscal policy if we want to keep the euro . 
  the experts say a monetary union needs an organ with a united fiscal policy . 
  if we 're not up to that we 'll have to abandon the euro at some point . 
   the $ is nolonger the reference curency for quite a while , nowerdays , post gold standard , most curencies are not tied to the walue of anything else . 
  the dollar is still the reference currency of the world . 
  american debt contracts are also the reference for the world risk-free rate . 
  this is actually a fact , not a subject up for debate . 
  currencies are tied to the demand of the currency for a certain price . 
  the currencies float against each-other . 
  the more productive a country is , along with it 's export-import balance , the stronger a currency will become . 
  an unproductive country with a bad export-import ration will have a weak currency . 
   why ? 
  why should n't we preserve the nature everywhere ? 
  is n't it our duty to humanety ? 
  and we do that , but we 're close to 200 different countries with no united government . 
  some countries do better than others , canada does better than the eu . 
  oil production is a necessity for civilization for the time being . 
  in fact , we can not develop other sources without utilizing oil . 
  saying oil production should stop tomorrow is visionary politics , not reality . 
  in fact , oil production and mining is n't proportionally bad to the amount yielded . 
  oil production is worse if nature can not heal afterwards , i.e. 
  it 's coupled with overpopulation and little nature . 
  best places to do mining and oil production is large territories , such that can be found in countries like canada , russia and australia . 
   what has that have to do with that ? 
  canada is saying they are opening their doors , but do n't assume that they actually need to . 
  canada has so many functions in place that there 's no way they 'll open up to share production benefits , i.e. 
  postnationalism , with anyone except canada . 
  it 's the same reason nordics are n't up to federalization of the eu even if we call ourselves `` open '' like trudeau says with canada . 
  because we have benefits that other eu countries do not , and federalization would endanger them . 
   you do realyze ceta is not about merging the $ and cad$ right ? 
  of course not , what makes you think i meant that ? 
   if grece was frown out of the ez we would n't have to wory any more . 
  if greece was thrown out the euro would plummet . 
  the fiscal union is the answer and just throwing out greece wo n't fix that problem , markets would see eu-politics as incompetent and not self-sufficient . 
   maybe because canada is 1 country and eu is 2 doozan countries ... not realy a comparable curency scheme . 
  canada is 10 provinces and 3 territories , which have a lot of self-determination . 
  canada has federal government functions as well as provincial and territorial governments . 
  these make up a monetary union , which is done at federal level with a unified fiscal policy . 
  it 's actually pretty comparable . 
  the us would be a better match in terms of size , but the usd$ is the world reference currency which creates problems when compared . 
   what is the point of all this ? 
  the point is the same as 5 years ago . 
  economists are united in the idea that 1 monetary union needs 1 unified fiscal policy to be effective . 
   our products are of far superior qualety than any canadian cheep products made with raw ingrediants from china . 
  since when are canadian products regarded as cheap ? 
  have you seen the price of maple syrup ? 
  luxury clothing and sports brands ? 
  on what planet do you live on where canadian products are cheap ? 
   why should we cooperate with a country wich trades frely with the usa ? 
  why would n't we , as long as we get better terms that apopease everyone ? 
  nafta was a success in increasing cross-border trade . 
  ceta would make it possible to test the waters in order to better set out terms when it comes time to debate a good free trade agreement between eu and usa . 
  canada is n't stupid , they 'll obviously offer an opportunity for us corporations to enter europe through canada after ceta , and canada has an incentive to set strong rules for it and tax them . 
   canada , for example has realy bad inviormental standards , just look at their bituman oil production . 
  this speaks very much about your view , or rather the quality of information you base it on . 
  all data must be put in relation to some factor . 
  canada is the 2nd biggest country on earth and has one of the lowest population densities . 
  most of canada is completely untouched territory . 
  if anywhere , it 's canada where oil production should be done . 
  canada is bigger than the us yet has 1/9 the population . 
  canada could spend a year deliberately doing damage to their nature and they 'll still be more environmentally friendly than any country in europe . 
  same goes with australia and russia , and to some degree the nordics . 
  that is , the countries that actually still have more or less non-artificial ground . 
   canada is acording to its pm a postnation state , while most if not all european coutries build their statehood on their nation and the nations right to selfdetermination . 
  canada is one of the most self-sufficient countries in the world .
