  you 're the one with an abnormal view not yet backed by any evidence thus far . 
  you need to back up why your opinion of the finnish system being inferior is true , i.e. 
  you need to provide a source that objectively states why the popular opinion is wrong . 
  you have n't posted one thus far , your whole thread contribution is until then an individual opinion . 
  you have a freedom to your opinion and tell people your experiences of it , but you do not have the freedom to claim it 's also credible evidence before you can prove it by posting an objective source . 
   if the system were that great , would n't they be cranking out top thinkers on a massive scale ? 
  why is that not the case ? 
  finland is a country with a low population , about equal to the average of a single us state ... like colorado or minnesota . 
   use your own critical thinking to get to the heart of it . 
  you sound very stereotypically finnish . 
  your `` own critical thinking '' forgot to account for scale differences . 
  life 's easy when you can paint the world black and white from individual `` first hand experience '' . 
  that 's not critical thinking , that 's utilizing `` common sense '' . 
  the same common sense that told us the world was flat for millennia . 
  critical thinking is trying to find the most fitting shade of gray using objective data . 
  as someone who actually went to school abroad during middle-school ( ib middle-years programme ) i think your preception of the finnish system is very alien to me . 
  sounds a little like the parent who called the principal or spoke ill of a teacher when your kid got bad scores . 
  in finland we raise our kids giving the same opportunities to everyone . 
  ** but the system is wired in a way to filter children based on their capabilities . 
  ** if you did well in middle-school theoretical subjects you 're supposed to go to high-school to prepare for an academic path . 
  if you did better in practical subjects you went to a trade school . 
  this is the most fair system for the kids . 
  it makes very hard for finnish parents to live in delusion making critically bad life-decisions for their kids . 
  i had a friend from when i was abroad who had that type of parents who later forced him into the ib programme after myp instead of letting him go to a trade school to become a cook . 
  he never got the diploma . 
  his parents decision wasted him 4 years !, 
  so get your head out of your arse , because being a parent does n't gives you `` first hand experience '' . 
  that 's not the law . 
  yes , you have a right to use swedish in courts and other state authorities wherever in finland you are . 
  but you do not have a right to demand public services in swedish since most public services are provided by municipalities , unless the municipalities in question are bilingual or unilingually swedish . 
  since every single municipality in eastern finland is unilingually finnish there exists no obligation to provide services in swedish . 
  the area where you can get public services in swedish is small and only in areas where there live a lot of swedish-speakers . 
  here 's a map ( blue colours ) : http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/suomen_kielipolitiikka#/media/file:languages_of_finnish_municipalities_ ( 2013 ) . svg, 
  epi shows how well countries can tackle a high-priority environmental issue , it does not measure how well preserved or healthy a country 's nature is . 
  the netherlands ( 11 ) ranks high because they can tackle problems more efficiently than latvia . 
  latvia would still rank higher in a metric measuring the average health of your environment because it has a lot of natural-born forest and landscape while the netherlands barely has any at all . 
  edit : note the humour of singapore being in 4th place in epi . 
  that loreen swing . 
  * punk . 
  big difference . 
  you 're supposed to know this shit with that flag in your flair . 
  is n't skylines something you build when you run out of space ? 
  space is one thing we certainly do not lack . 
  a city with skylines does n't really represent a country as scarce as ours . 
  but i agree , opposing them is n't really the way to go . 
  if people want to throw money at them , why not ? 
  hah , even lidl sells it in finland . 
  we like our czech beers . 
  so you 're saying it 's a good thing ? 
  necessary evil ? 
  possibly in our current situation , but highly debatable . 
  i 'd rather take a real army and nato membership any day of the week !, 
  our neighbor to the east , our unlikely but only military threat , has attacked a bordering country that has a similar conscription based military as finland . 
  except theirs has 50.000 deployed , 250.000 active , 700.000 reserve and 7 million ready for conscription and twice our military budget . 
  that defence really does wonders now does n't it ? 
  the finnish defense forces with mere 1.000 deployed , 36.000 active , 360.000 reserve and 1 million ready for conscription has chances to do better ? 
  definitely has all the chances of being more stable than the last one : but it 'd still be a 3 big party coalition where each party has the power to delay , or even halt , certain discussions . 
  according to helsingin sanomat 94 % of this governments controlling seats think `` religion and fatherland '' is a good basis for politics ... that 's quite scary !, 
  i would have very much liked to see the green party and the swedish people 's party ( rkp ) instead of true finns . 
  those are pretty much the only parties in finland with a value-liberal agenda ( i.e. 
  equality , gay marriage and minority rights etc ) . 
  the setup presented today looks like a step back for value-liberal issues . 
  because if the draft is the final version of government we 'll have two parties that are strictly value-conservative , meaning the centre party and true finns , and the national coalition party being a mix between value-liberal and value-conservative . 
  what matters is how well your economy translates to prosperity . 
  a country is in essence a system to create prosperity for its people . 
  sure , france can pressure countries whether finland can not . 
  but even with a lower economic relevancy finns are more productive than the french , with a gdp/capita of $ 50k versus frances $ 44.5 k. 
  productivity is what leads to prosperity . 
  both finland and france are equally prosperous if you look at the ppp standard of gdp/capita at $ 40.3 k. 
  furthermore your country 's ability to pressures other countries has close to no impact on the daily living standard and prosperity of yourself , so why the fuck do you value it so high ? 
  as a practical example , the russian economic relevancy is \u2248 comparable to italy or uk at $ 2tn/yr , yet most people given the option would likely choose to live in luxembourg over russia even if the russian economic relevancy is 35 times higher than luxembourg . 
  that 's because luxembourg 's economy is 8.5 times more productive than russia 's , and in return the prosperity of the average jean-claude is drastically higher than the average ivan . 
  you need to travel more . 
  i do n't agree with the simplicification of this video . 
  privatization can be both good and bad . 
  the state is still going to do the structural planning , but who provides the services is a dilemma . 
  the argument in favor of privatization is that it 's more important that services are available than who actually provides them . 
  for example , in finland you have to wait half a year to get to a routine check dentist appointment . 
  so in theory that service is available , but in practice it is n't . 
  going to a private dentist will get me an appointment almost immediately and most people are still subsidised for larger dentistry-jobs . 
  this is one example of where privatization would be a success . 
  but does this example mean that privatization in general is a good thing ? 
  of course it does n't . 
  nor can you say that privatizing schools , hospitals and roads is viable evidence that proves that privatization is a bad thing . 
  my point is that nothing is black and white . 
  privatization is good in some cases and bad in others . 
  it 's our duty to distinguish the good from bad . 
  advocating privatization as either a prime evil or a virgin angel is counterproductive for something that really only comes down to financing and economies of scale . 
  also , that bond part is cringe-worthy . 
  a bond is ** loan ** , not an ownership . 
  it means a private bond buyer finances the project , he does n't own it . 
  the owner bears risk for a project . 
  a lender is only subject to default risk after the owner has run out of his money . 
  in return he has no right to any possible profits or claims of sale . 
  practical example : if you burn down your home your mortgage owning bank does n't have to skip in with money to rebuild your house . 
  that 's your obligation . 
  however , if you can not pay for the renovation your loan will default and the bank will have lost money . 
  oh those are just stats i 've learned . 
  i think it boils down to how an average man in defined in different sources . 
  obviously a 2 metre ( 6ft7 ) 120 kg fit soldier would need quite a lot more than just 3000 kcal to function .
