  things like declaring saints , belief that communion is blood and body of christ and valuing tradition as equal to scripture are seen as completely heretical in protestant view of scripture . 
  the main difference however lies in that catholicism , at least before pope francis , believe that priests have power to forgive and participation in church can compensate for deeds in terms of reaching salvation if a priest offers forgiveness . 
  mexican cartels building churches in exchange for forgiveness . 
  protestants on the other hand believe only god can forgive , and only god can issue saints for that matter . 
  people giving veneration to saints is considered heretic to the idea that you should only believe in one god , the holy trinity , and thus praying to another human because a human said so is wrong , to them . 
  catholics on the other hand put importance in the unity of the church , where there 's one united church under canon law , which is a collection of rules , disciplines and traditions . 
  protestants do n't acknowledge canon law , a protestant adheres to the bible , and only the bible . 
  the equivalent piece to a protestant is the concord book , which is written as a confessional piece , not a rulebook , and is only complementary . 
  the main problem is that the cheapest energy drinks in many stores are the 500ml euroshopper ones for $ 0.99 . 
  so it 's more equal to having 2 cups of coffee and 2-3 glasses of juice . 
  that 's a technicality . 
  i was saying this in reference to you implying you ca n't make a profit on a currency downturn when it facts it 's easier than with stocks since currencies are both legal tender and an asset , while stocks are only the latter . 
  but it 's actually possible to short a currency just like a stock too . 
  in fact , companies call increasing foreign currency working capital as a short position since their obligations are in their own currency , in gbp . 
  so technically they swap their future obligations overtime to another currency up to obligation maturity when a part of working capital might need to be liquidated back to gbp to pay obligations . 
  this is the same principle as you buying back the stock you borrowed to pay it back i.e. 
  achieves the same as a short . 
  so why short the currency when you can just hold the foreign currency to achieve the same ? 
  shorting only exists because stocks are n't swappable outright like legal tender , and to some level , and commodities . 
  this makes profiting on downturn of a stock a more complicated exchange , since you need to turn the stock into the good being swapped . 
  a stock short position is in theory turning the stock you want to profit on into a swappable asset , like a legal currency : you borrow the stock for an obligation to pay it back at time x ( the obligation is the stock , i.e. 
  the stock is the asset being swapped ) , sell it for money ( i.e. 
  you buy money for the stock ) , and the money goes up in price as the price of the stock obligation goes down ( it makes sense since the money is tied to the obligation as an asset ) , then you sell your asset ( the money ) for the stock you initially borrowed to swap it into legal tender to get rid of the obligation you created at step 1 . 
  yes it is . 
  if you think the domestic currency of your country is overvalued you can simply hold usd and that alone successfully creates a speculative short position on the domestic currency . 
  this position works if the speculative assumption , i.e. 
  brexit , is n't interlinked to performance of usd . 
  it is n't , so it works . 
  the usd is the also the world reference currency and is the least volatile . 
  and most companies and businesses keep usd to counter currency risk . 
  the idea here is that projections are n't by 1 institution . 
  projections are made by different actors and will be cited either as a single entity of banks or institutions , as an average of all of them , as an average of all institutions , as an average of all banks , an average of just uk banks . 
  so it depends . 
  the trend is like this : institutions were rating 2016 lowest ( ec rated 2.1 % , bcc rates 2.6 % ) , city banks are rating conservatively ( 2.2-3 .0 % , where 3.0 % is by citibank ) and international banks are rating optimistically ( some over 3.0 % ) . 
  these are all forecasts made pre-brexit , and like you can see vary quite a bit so different sources might use different forecasts . 
  seems hm treasury average of all city and non-city + independents is 2.3 % from a forecast of 2016 based on q1 2015 , a little early but you get the point . 
  the fact is that uk was in an economic growth spurt since 2013 , so it 's a little funny that people were so disappointed in the economy . 
  looked over some hm treasury forecasts from early and late 2015 . 
  bear in mind that 2013-2015 have otherwise all had 2.2-2 .9 % gdp growth years meaning the uk was in a growth spurt after the bad years , those predicting over 3.0 % for 2016 years also seems to have done so for 2013-2015 as well , e.g. 
  citibank ... so take the 3.2 % prediction with a grain of salt . 
  but e.g nomura has predicted more consistently and gave 2016 a 2.8 % gdp growth . 
  city banks rated in general growth lower than non-city/international banks . 
  just looked up some institutions : european comission predicted 2.1 % also in q1 , so lower than banks . 
  citing bcc in 2015 : `` the bcc is upgrading its uk gdp growth forecast from 2.6 % to 2.7 % in 2015 , from 2.4 % to 2.6 % in 2016 - and introducing its first-ever forecast for 2017 at 2.6 % . '', 
  the brexit vote has n't damaged buyer , supplier and investor confidence as much as people would have believed . 
  that said , the projections for the whole year of 2016 were between 2.6-3 .2 % by different banks . 
  after the vote , this was adjusted to 2.0-2 .3 % , e.g. 
  british chambers of commerce predicted 2.2 % . 
  this is worse than projected but 1 ) 2 % is not bad growth , 2 ) we already knew the first quarter . 
  the big difference is the projections for 2017 . 
  for 2017 the projections are down to 0.4-0 .8 % , for the whole year !, 
  it 'll be interesting to see if banks will make big adjustments if the last quarter also turns out positive . 
  the data does n't yet account for the drop in british international purchasing power . 
  most industries that are sensitive to currency volatility will lock in prices of materials for a longer period so they may be still unaffected . 
  this is why it 's may be interesting to see what happens next year , hopefully it 's not as bad as predicted . 
  maybe it accounts for unpaid construction & installation internships ? 
   this has nothing to do with anything . 
  its about how much you destroy , not how much you have left . 
  easy for you to say as a slovenian . 
  a canadian is equally right to tell you to cut back on all infrastructure and have less babies . 
  neither is right though . 
   whats your obsesion with land area ? 
  like i said in my first comment , data has no value unless divided by a factor . 
  you ca n't know is 400 of x is worse than 200 of x unless x is divided by a factor . 
  just measuring the total amount of pollution a year for a country is n't comparable data , however pollution per km2 is comparable and in that regard canada is much more environmentally friendly than slovenia , or the whole eu combined for than matter . 
   canada is 1 country you num nut . 
  eu is 28 !, 
  two countries are n't always directly comparable . 
  the us compared with finland or slovenia is n't a good comparison because they are n't comparable weights . 
  the us is better compared with the eu as a whole , and a country like finland or slovenia are better compared with a single us state , e.g. 
   canada is not in monetary union with itself , that makes 0 sense ... 
  but russia is not a monetary union canada makes up one monetary union between the 10 provinces and 3 territories that make up the sovereign entity that is combined called canada . 
  same goes for russian and its oblasts . 
  canada and russia , unlike finland and slovenia are federation-states of provinces/oblasts . 
  finland and slovenia have state and local politics , where state politics are the highest level of politics . 
  canada and russia both have those , but they also have a third level , a federal government , which is the highest level of politics in these countries . 
   no justin said canada is postnational in terms of nation that means people and that 's what i 'm saying ? 
  a postnational country is a country whose people identify less as a `` member of x '' and more as a co-player with everyone , i.e. 
  you 're open to removing more or less all barriers . 
  this does n't make any sense of canada , so what i 'm implying is that trudeau probably meant that canada is postmodern between provinces , i.e. 
  fewer and fewer people are quebecois or manitoban and more canadian as a whole . 
  it 's like you and me identifying as europeans as much as finn and slovenian . 
   also we need a lot of things before one comon fiscal policy , like 1 comon minimum wage . 
  why would we need this ? 
  some areas are cheaper to live than others and do not need a similar wage . 
  setting a equal minimum wage will make poor people in poorer countries even poorer . 
  if they can not find work with the current low minimum wage it 'll be impossible to find work with a higher minimum wage . 
  i like the german and nordic approaches more . 
  minimum wages are decided by negotiations between employer and employee unions . 
  that way everyone is on the same level . 
  simply setting a minimum wage will take away the only card a lot of unskilled people can play during the application process . 
   also usa is now aa nolonger aaa . 
  the us is aaa by two of the big 3 and aa + by one . 
  the us treasury notes and bonds are the risk-free rate reference because the us has never defaulted on a single debt in its history . 
   this goes against your claim of $ being a referance curancy . 
  how ? 
  the us dollar is the reference currency . 
  being a reference currency does n't mean other currencies are locked to it to some % - age . 
  it means that big international deals in international business are either in the local currencies or usd . 
  a lot of countries and businesses outside the us prefer to only do deals in usd because their own currencies are so volatile .
