  but that 's a shitty assumption to make in real life . 
   you got exempted so why are you still bitching about it ? 
  i 'm paying for the show , and so are you . 
  i also believe it 's just as important that we protect liberty as protecting our sovereignty . 
  de facto , the latter is worthless without the former . 
   this `` slavery '' comparison is so dumb imo ... -_- it 's the extreme end of essentially the same principle . 
  it 's controversial , i give you that , but not dumb . 
  poland is 0km from kaliningrad , warzaw is closer to kaliningrad than gotland . 
  romania and bulgaria are about 300km from crimea . 
  these do just fine with professional armies . 
  maybe it 's time for us to join nato instead ? 
  certainly not , but there is rarely only one way to pay for something . 
  oftentimes there are several products which all fulfill our needs , some with more features than others , some simply better than others . 
  when talking of military in western countries , conscription is the worst selling product . 
  it 's like euroshopper ketchup , most people still pick heinz or felix at twice the price . 
  a first world country can afford it , it 's just a matter of budgeting to maximize social utility . 
  i think it 's worth it paying extra to not have conscription . 
  i think conscription goes against a lot of what we stand for . 
  liberty is invaluable , and conscription is quite literally forcing an adult to up to year of unpaid service . 
  it really only lives on as an option because `` we did it , and of course our children should have to do it too '' - mentality . 
  the idea that it 's a viable defense architecture in the economical sense should be countered with the same argument that argues against slavery or taking away voter rights from stupid people ; yes , it saves money for the collective in all three cases , but only because you force someone to sacrifice their freedom for it . 
  if it were done correctly , we 'd have to pay conscripts for their service , and we 'd still be forcing them to resign their freedom . 
  being finnish my opinion is in the minority . 
  i 'm really grateful i did n't have to be a conscript . 
  i was literally celebrating when i got my civilian papers . 
  that said , i got these papers for a legit reason , so mine is more of a trade-off . 
  otherwise , there is no real opt out . 
  there 's nothing i believe i missed from not doing the service . 
  most motives i 've been told are personal development and making friends . 
  but guess what , that 's not because of military , they were just forced to * move out * , which is a life changing experience in itself . 
  anyone going off for uni experiences the same development . 
  it 's not like finnish young men are more developed than men anywhere else . 
  in fact , they are one year behind in their university studies , and quite often two years or more . 
  this is also compared to their female countrymen . 
  as for the making friends aspect of military , if they were n't in military they 'd be studying and making lots of friends anyways . 
  now , there are lots of important duties in the military and we obviously are n't equal in interests and ambition . 
  some people gain a lot from the military by taking leadership training or driving trucks as a future professional trucker . 
  however , the majority does n't . 
  of course they gain knowledge and life experience , but they are still worse off since had they been allowed to go study what they actually care about they would have learned a lot more during the same given time-frame . 
  let the people who are ambitious about military do it , and pay them well for it . 
  amen . 
  in finland there is no real opt out unless you have a condition of some sort . 
  let 's say asthma that 's easily triggered by physical activity , and even in these cases they usually take you in as a b level conscript . 
  civilian service exists , but it 's still more or less unpaid ( secured housing though ) forced labor subjected onto adults . 
  people do n't work for the sake of working . 
  civilian service is work experience , but that does n't make it any less involuntary . 
  most people would still be better off going to do whatever they actually have an ambition for in life . 
  thus the same problems persist as with military service . 
  the places taken up by civilian service are duties that would be much better utilized if given as internships for people graduation in a relevant field from vocational/trade schools , or as a reintroduction to the job market for long term unemployed . 
  not to mention that a fraction of the civilian service duties are duties that would never have an ordinary job position , meaning they people end up in a position where their one year of service is n't even regarded as `` real work experience '' by future recruiters . 
  i think it 's worth it paying extra to not have conscription . 
  i think conscription goes against a lot of what we stand for . 
  liberty is invaluable , and conscription is quite literally forcing an adult to up to year of unpaid service . 
  it really only lives on as an option because `` we did it , and of course our children should have to do it too '' - mentality . 
  the idea that it 's a viable defense architecture in the economical sense should be countered with the same argument that argues against slavery or taking away voter rights from stupid people ; yes , it saves money for the collective in all three cases , but only because you force someone to sacrifice their freedom for it . 
  if it were done correctly , we 'd have to pay conscripts for their service , but we 'd still be forcing them to resign their freedom . 
  being finnish my opinion is in the minority . 
  i 'm really grateful i did n't have to do it . 
  i was literally celebrating when i got my civilian papers . 
  that said , i got it for a legit reason , so mine is more of a trade-off . 
  there 's nothing i believe i missed from not doing the service . 
  most motives i 've been told are personal development and making friends . 
  but guess what , that 's not because of military , they were just forced to move out , which is a life changing experience in itself . 
  anyone going off for uni experiences the same development . 
  finnish young men are n't more developed than men anywhere else . 
  in fact , they are one year behind in their university studies , and quite often two years or more , also compared to their female countrymen . 
  as for the making friends aspect of military , if they were n't in military they 'd be studying and making lots of friends anyways . 
  now , there are lots of important duties in the military and we obviously are n't equal in interests and ambition . 
  some people gain a lot from the military by taking leadership training or driving trucks as a future professional trucker . 
  however , the majority does n't . 
  of course they gain knowledge , but they are still worse off since they missed an opportunity to learn more in the same given time-frame had they been allowed to go study what they actually care about . 
  let the people who are ambitious about military do it , and pay them well for it . 
  amen . 
  more like ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_guiana, 
  there are always trade-offs . 
  one one hand people are justified in wanting to let the victim get some kind of revenge through a longer prison sentence for the criminal . 
  on the other hand prison sentences cost a lot of money that could be used to preventing crime in first place . 
  finland abides by mixture of both . 
  prison sentencing is decided according to the rate of recidivism and how effective it is as a deterrent . 
  consider rape sentencing adjustment , if 6 month sentence makes a person 80 % safe , 3 years 95 % safe and 15 years 96 % safe . 
  3 years seems like the obvious choice since after 6 months he 's still unsafe , but 15 years only gains 1 % extra in terms of safety while costing $ 1m extra ( assuming let 's say $ 70k/yr * 12 + lost tax income for the extra 12 years ) . 
  even if my statistics are made up as an example , truth is that prison sentences as a deterrent have a pretty bad track record for preventing crime after a certain level . 
  the us maybe has a morally better scale for sentencing than finland , but crime levels are still through the roof in many places . 
  my point is that spending the money on police budgets , by employing more police and giving said police more training would be much more effective . 
  in fact , adequate policing has proven much better return on investment in terms of future safety . 
  that $ 1m instead spent on policing would employ an additional vw transporter + 2 officers for like a decade in finland . 
  he 's right . 
  it will be an us versus them , it 's as much as guaranteed . 
  and it 's not us who created it . 
  there are a lot of things the uk has that align with europe . 
  however , the uk took the step into the unknown that , at the time being , may have had god what consequences for not just the uk and eu , but pretty much the whole 1st world . 
  even japanese nikkei was down 9 % . 
  - this shows us that we also have interests that are 180 degree turns from each other . 
  the crash following brexit kinda shows us our risk assessment of the uk at the time was n't good enough . 
  partly because of this there just wo n't be any empathy and partly because you made it very clear before the election that you would n't need any empathy . 
  the point of brexit for many was to show that you are an independent power . 
  so it is not personal . 
  everyone still likes the uk , we just think you 're nuts , 
  the problem here is n't the usefulness of relative poverty as a metric . 
  it 's that having poverty in the name of the metric becomes a bias or fallacy because relative poverty does n't measure poverty .
