  that 's more or less all in english . 
  it 's better if we all speak a common language among each other . 
  it 's quite frankly a waste of time and resources if we 're all going to have to learn 3 foreign languages just to start a common project . 
  and that was the situation 40 years ago , today the population in skilled jobs who are not at least working-proficient in english are a pretty small group . 
  it 's cheaper for business to require them to learn the common language than having everyone else cater to them . 
  it 's set up as an incentive to complete your degree without delay . 
  also being in debt means fewer will consider moving abroad for work straight after graduation . 
  i figure this might be a problem in the uk otherwise since they have so many world-renowned institutions . 
  a brand new golf tdi is much cleaner than a 20 year old tdi . 
  this especially concerns diesels . 
  where did you pull that from ? 
  20 years ago we did n't know all the causes of environmental problems and europe went in big in diesels because it was seen as cleaner . 
  the switch was made in the 90s because we though back then that they were cleaner , completely ignoring nox for example because we thought special filters and catalytic converters could reduce diesel soot by 90 % . 
  now we know that we were wrong and as a result diesels were given even more stringent regulation and are much cleaner . 
  a 90s diesel can emit 10 times more hard pollutants than some city buses . 
  these are the ones we want off the road !, 
  that does n't mean manufactureres do n't cheat , but that 's a different problem caused by diesel being at its limits with current regulation . 
  most companies have foreseen diesels now going away in a couple years and being replaced by hydrids . 
  take toyota for example , their entire offering of lexus cars in europe is pretty much hybrid only at this moment . 
  and you already get most regular toyotas in hybrid versions too . 
  even volvo who took a pretty interesting decision in making diesel-hybrids have stated that they will be moving to petrol-hybrids instead in the coming years . 
  and to the production : sure , manufacturing emits a lot . 
  but there are environmental standards on both the factories and how you can dispose of vehicles . 
  vehicles are very effectively recycled , and new vehicles are easier to recycle now so it 's already a completely different game than just 20 years ago . 
  eu regulation has partly introduced a regulation that forces manufacturers to take back vehicles for disposal if asked . 
  we already have this in finland . 
  you pay it on the msrp , and tax percentage varies based on emissions and weight . 
  that 's why a car that costs $ 25k in sweden costs $ 35k in finland . 
  take the worst polluter for example , in finland you pay $ 50k just in emissions taxes on a new range rover . 
  i agree with your idea but there will be a problem if we only focus on taxing new cars . 
  - it incentivises people to keep on to their old cars , which is even less environmentally friendly . 
  among those who can afford to put money on a new car in finland the grand majority chooses not to , because if you spend $ 35k on a car and in return only get $ 25k worth of car it 's an awful deal . 
  the demographic in finland that needs a decently sized ** safe ** car the most is families with multiple kids . 
  if you have the financial burden of 4 kids you 're gon na have a hard time justifying paying the current $ 5k emissions tax on a new peugeot 5008 . 
  still this is probably the most environmentally friendly safe choice for a big family . 
  the result is that finland has a much older car population than countries with similar income levels . 
  old cars emit several times more than what we consider `` pollutant '' new cars . 
  a new range rover is several times cleaner than an early 00s corolla . 
  so why is one paying $ 50k in tax and the other next to nothing ? 
  so if we really wanted to be environmentally friendly we 'd move to a higher yearly tax system that reaches all vehicles . 
  because the people who keep on to their 90s and early 00s vehicles do not paying their fair share of the carbon footprint . 
  or just put in some ingredients in a 25l vat and wait a few weeks while following the instructions . 
  it 's like 0.25 $ per beer if you use reusable bottles and caps and the end result tastes much more like beer than what you get in the supermarket . 
  you can buy a beginner kit in any prisma store for like $ 30 , and that 's more than 2x24-packs worth of beer . 
  in the future you can just buy the base ingredients separately , also in any prisma . 
  well , at least a tie can hide your [ man-cleavage ] ( http://techfilipino.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/tight-shirt-men.jpg ) . 
  or maybe he 's a realist . 
  there 's not a whole lot a single politician can do unless you 're the leader of the party in power , which alde is n't . 
  i think he does a great job at raising awareness . 
  but alde also has to get their main duties in parliament done , and that wo n't be the case if you start playing hard with the biggest party . 
  alde is in a position where their values can be identified with both epp and s&d meaning they can agree with both on certain political areas . 
  this means that whoever is in power , alde has a place to influence . 
  but to enjoy that position you have to realise where your place is and kiss some ass . 
  to be fair , neither of those two reasons you mention make someone a neo-liberal either . 
  unless you 're in the public sector , there are not many jobs where 35h work weeks are actually adhered to . 
  depending on the week it 's usually 5-10h more when you add everything . 
  to be fair , you can live on 150/person food budget in all parts of europe . 
  you just do n't get much choice in ingredients to buy and to vary meals you have to plan ahead . 
  stock up on potatoes , macaroni , rice , eggs , beans , frozen - and root veggies . 
  drink water , milk and coffee/tea . 
  spend the rest on seasonal fruit and veggies . 
  this is the expensive bit , but 2 fruits/day ( bananas , pears , apples , oranges etc ) for an entire month is less than $ 20 . 
  you 'll still have more than 50 left each month for beer , wine and eating out . 
  this is healthy and cheap , but not exactly the choice of le gourmand . 
  keynesianism is not against economic liberalisation . 
  keynes theory recognises that output is influenced by more factors than just aggregate demand . 
  so aggregate demand does n't always equal productive capacity of society . 
  when this happens , such as after the financial crisis , the market becomes inefficient of providing financing to lucrative projects . 
  in these situations the regulator ( central bank and government ) should step in to fuel the market as a short term tool . 
  both right-wingers and left-wingers get keynes theory wrong . 
  right-wingers denying the theory forget that to identify structural problems you need some movement in the economy , this is where keynes come in . 
  similarly , politicians that advocate an active monetary and fiscal regulator also in good economic times is not keynesian economics . 
  keynes theory was meant as a short-term solution only , as it does not replace fixing the structural problems that caused the economy to go wrong in the first place . 
  he 's talking about the chirac - le pen second round from 2002 . 
  that ended with jean marie le pen getting 18 % of the vote . 
  this picture could be a painting . 
  absolutely breathtaking !, 
   80 % of the eu countries it ca n't have flown over your head that the point of the eu is to make that irrelevant . 
  the eu negotiates as a one market block just like the uk , not as individual countries . 
  so your comparison is worth about as little as comparing the eu to a standalone wales . 
  you have to compare one union against another or do n't compare at all . 
  it might not feel like it in the air but the sun is as strong as in late august right now . 
  because there 's a huge difference . 
  an expat works in another country but plans to return home . 
  an expat is someone who is placed by their corporation/organisation to work in another country for a specific amount of time and then return back home . 
  embassy staff are not immigrants , neither is someone working for an eu think-tank in brussels or a shell employee sent to manage a project in bahrain . 
  an immigrant plans to stay indefinitely , with the goal of becoming a citizen one day . 
  i guess the reason why so many refer to themselves as expats is because you do n't typically take the decision to stay permanently before embarking . 
  and this by definition does n't apply to asylum seekers . 
  $ 2.60 for the government subsidized lunch restaurants for students . 
  this includes salad table , main course table , bread selection and a choice of water or milk for drink . 
  i 've found $ 10 will buy you most standard lunch menus in helsinki capital region . 
  come to finland ( or sweden or norway ) and build summer cottages . 
  cottages often have no electricity supplier whatsoever meaning you have to build your own . 
  the whole idea of summer cottages is to live a spartan life in the nature ; by a lake , on a private island miles out in the archipelago or in the middle of a forest . 
  building a cottage could happen over a summer . 
  also , cottage life is fun and very relaxing . 
  it 's an amateur business you 're dealing with that 's for sure . 
  this site is someone 's hobby-venture , not full-time job of professional vendor . 
  it 's probably legit ( no scam artist would translate into finnish ) , but dealing with amateur business can be a hassle since they do n't have the same routine as established business .
