  [ i know of one !, 
  the local runs with whatever bias will give them the most page-views . 
  it varies from country to country , but asylum seekers generally are n't allowed to work , even if they want to . 
   greater competition is never a benefit said no credible economist ever . 
  french is the language of war for a reason . 
  logic . 
  there 's more to cars than how often you have to service them . 
  i 'd rather hang myself than drive a toyota , no matter how reliable they are . 
   the fellas are n't belgian , some people cross borders from time to time and talk to people unless they are swedes , that just makes it even less likely that it 's the new model . 
  volvo executives and people who 've been on waiting lists for ages are pretty much the only people who have gotten one . 
   well then it probably was the older modell , dunno do n't care perhaps you should n't talk about things you know nothing about then ? 
   but why go with the same modell number/name if the previous one has a questionable reputation ? 
  because it does n't . 
  the old model was one of the best-selling cars volvo have ever made and it was more or less universally praised by the automotive press when it was new . 
  you 'd be able to find two people with bad personal anecdotes about literally any car in the world . 
  to counter yours , i can tell you that 10 years later , my father still considers his xc90 to be the best car that he has ever owned , and he has had * a lot * of cars over the years . 
  jeremy clarkson , who knows a thing or two about cars , * loved * the old model as well , having owned several of them . 
  i highly doubt that your belgian friends have the new xc90 , unless they 're from ghent and actual volvo executives . 
  it only entered full production 6 months ago . 
  that 's the * old * xc90 , which is about 15 years old at this point . 
  the only thing it shares with the new one is the name . 
  your cultural reference game needs some work . 
  you need to get your eyes checked . 
  car buyers in general are nationalistic , though the french sometimes take it to another level , like renault creating multiple largely pointless `` luxury '' cars with no real market aside from french politicians and public servants who do n't want to be seen in foreign cars . 
   are you calling the peugeot 106 and 205 rubbish ? 
  the 205 is 30 years old , the 106 more than 20 , hardly relevant in 2015 . 
  modern french cars are awful . 
  the new xc90 is a better car than anything france has produced in 40 years . 
  not really . 
  they only exist because of a combination of nationalism and the japanese and koreans somehow managing to create cars that are even more bland than the french . 
  you do n't go to the swedish coast for the heat . 
  grow yourselves a picturesque archipelago or two and you might actually get a few people who visit your country to go boating . 
  if topgear is to be trusted it is apparently pretty nice too . 
  still better than being colonised by wankers though , innit ? 
  do n't get your hopes up , they 'll just buy more of the rubbish produced within their own borders !, 
  my point is that if nobody would care enough about energy drinks to try and circumvent the ban , what 's the point of banning them in the first place ? 
  we put age limits on alcohol , cigarettes and gambling because these are addictive and potentially harmful . 
  if the argument is that caffeine is addictive and potentially harmful then the people supposedly addicted to it would logically try to circumvent the ban for their `` fix '' . 
  if they do n't it clearly is n't addictive enough to justify a ban . 
  it 's going to be like gambling or cigarettes , there will always be shopkeepers who do n't bother with id checks . 
  if energy drinks really are a big problem , which sounds like absolute bullshit to me , people will care enough to seek out such shops . 
  if nobody would care , what 's even the point of the ban ? 
  demand sets the prices , not the other way around . 
  i do n't care so much about the healthcare , it 's when it comes to education that the americans * really * get fucked . 
  safety should be a pretty obvious reason . 
   on the other end of the spectrum are carriers like etihad that cost a huge amount of money but have exceptional service . 
  those middle eastern carriers are supposedly bleeding money like crazy too . 
  prestige projects run without any real intention of turning a profit . 
  who does n't love a good bonfire ? 
  that one shady shop owner in each town willing to look the other way will make more money than he used to . 
  old people hate that idea because that would mean no more slave labour to fund their pensions . 
  because you do n't have the euro . 
  good people blessed with a wonderful catalogue of folk songs . 
   his mother 's story it would be great if a redditor who speaks the language could translate the article , because the google translation is pretty much unreadable . 
  it 's a traditional heraldic symbol of bosnia and featured both on the old flag and coat of arms of bosnia . 
  do you dream of unicorns ? 
  i think girls publicly urinating may be a uniquely british problem ... 
   i 'm not a robot . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  this sentence is a lie . 
  if there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  build a wall and people will go over it , go under it or go through it . 
  it will not keep migrants out . 
  invest in eastern poland . 
  welcome to consensus culture !, 
   what is the point of this ? 
  i am sure the remaining herero people will appreciate the gesture . 
  those who feel their people has been wronged can have a very long memory , any gesture than lessens their hostility is a good one . 
  azerbaijan and armenia ca n't get drawn into the same group either . 
  in sweden the name glenn is notoriously far more common in gothenburg than anywhere else . 
  rail projects usually take forever . 
  8 years is almost quick compared to some projects . 
   street worker -  social worker that one is quite unfortunate . 
  former olympic marseille manager jos\u00e9 anigo had a quote about the city , `` marseille is a city that eats its children '' . 
  his own son was involved in criminality and was shot to death a couple of years ago . 
   was there any british colony which did n't have a bloody civil war when they got independence ? 
  ghana has been relatively peaceful since independence . 
  there have been coups , but no outright civil wars as far as i know . 
  sd attract some unusual people , to say the least . 
   fortunatelly the french lobby failed to redefine vodka as every high vol . 
  alcohol made of wine leftovers . 
  actually they won that battle . 
  [ vodka war . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vodka_war ) french agricultural waste is still considered `` vodka '' by the eu . 
   you 're english is n't good enough hello muphry . 
  i guess now would be a good time to start a swimming pool business in southern france . 
  reddit is a private entity , free to enforce whatever rules they wish on their website , * their property * . 
  you have as little freedom of speech on reddit as you have in another person 's home . 
  and i am sure reddit ownership thinks long and hard about the benefits and disadvantages when they decide whether to host abusive or racist content or not . 
  in the case of a website on the internet , the only freedoms that exist are whatever freedoms the site owner is willing to grant you . 
  you can complain about how they choose to do things , but complaining about `` freedom of speech '' only shows your ignorance of what freedom of speech actually is . 
  again , freedom of speech does not apply to private entities . 
  there is no `` freedom of speech '' on reddit , there never has been and there never will be . 
  you do n't like that reddit removes certain content ? 
  that 's fine , and a reasonable criticism , but it is n't a freedom of speech issue . 
  absolutely . 
  it would n't be very nice , and i am sure most users would leave because of it , but it would n't be a `` freedom of speech '' issue . 
  not really . 
  as private entities they are fully within their rights to remove anything they feel hurts their sites . 
  they host content , if they remove your content you are free to post it somewhere else , or set up your own site .
