  i do n't like genre fiction . 
  sue me . 
  french-canadian profanity  french profanity . 
  tabarnak !, 
  waste management or [ waste management ? 
  ] ( http://i.lv3.hbo.com/assets/images/series/the-sopranos/character/tony-soprano-1920.jpg ), 
   are there any that want independence from both ? 
  i believe there used to be a fringe offshoot of loyalists that wanted an independent northern ireland . 
  if you tried to pass that off as lunch in sweden your colleagues would literally drag you out to a restaurant . 
  your lunch break sucks if it 's just a cup of coffee and a pastry . 
  i sense owls in the bog . 
  yes . 
  i was at a party years ago where a patrick bateman lookalike walked around gladly introducing himself as a member of national socialist front , a neo-nazi organisation that has since disbanded . 
  i remember the unions were upset about the national day being made a public holiday at the expense of pentecost monday for this reason . 
  because pentecost monday always falls on a workday it was a guaranteed holiday , while the 6th of june can be on weekends . 
  probably the only king in history to have a tattoo calling for his own death on his body !, 
  34 years in prison is very different for a 78 year old than it is for a 52 year old . 
  if he was still at a criminally active age he would still be in prison , his advanced age was the only reason why the court decided to release him . 
  a 21-year-old murderer with an axmyr-like personality profile would be looking at 50-60 years in prison . 
  axmyr turned 78 years old a few days after he was released . 
  he may be a textbook psychopath , but it 's a pretty big stretch to suggest that a person of his age would be a significant threat to society . 
  thatcher opposed the reunification of germany . 
  and the king apparently hates it , which caused controversy when it first became public . 
  let 's not forget about [ hhs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm_school_of_economics ) . 
  right up there with karolinska in terms of how hard it is to get into . 
  makedonien , or sometimes republiken makedonien in very formal situations . 
  nothing more than a day off . 
  [ wikipedia has sound recordings of the two pronunciations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/newcastle_upon_tyne ) . 
  in rp english it is basically pronounced new castle . 
  locally they say nju-kassel . 
  many scots literally do n't speak english . 
  you 're right . 
  old english is much better !, 
   thank god in heaven that israel does n't have the bomb . 
  that they do in fact have the bomb is pretty much the worst kept secret in the world . 
  and many have multiple pronunciations , like newcastle . 
  the band * the smiths * always breaks my tongue . 
  never comes out as anything other than * de smitts * or possibly * the smifs * . 
  basically , fuck the th-sound and fuck it even more when there 's an s right after it . 
  ` tis the dogs bollocks , innit ? 
  i can feel how the zeroes at the end of my bank balance become fewer and fewer just by looking at it !, 
   how is that an indicator for whether you 're doing fine or not ? 
  i guess it is a good indicator if the men choose to stay in the czech republic instead of bringing their wives home with them . 
  and i second your request for a czech woman . 
  preferably a tall , athletic and fertile one so that we can get started breeding a new generation of genetically superior hockey players . 
  why ? 
  karl literally means man , especially a manly and masculine one , so i 'll go with that . 
  dietrich . 
  in sweden we have no minimum wage . 
  the base vat rate is 25 % , with lower rates of 12 % and 6 % for certain goods and services , while some services such as education , health care , banking and insurance are vat exempt entirely . 
  i 've been as far north as you can get on the european continent . 
  i think the confusion stems from socialism the economic system being mixed up with socialism the political philosophy . 
  the former is inherently opposed to capitalism , the latter is n't . 
   after a month abroad , i went home over the weekend and 2 guys in cluj sparked a conversation in english with me . 
  my own co-nationals , confused me for a foreigner !, 
  that angered me more than anything else !, 
  did you buy new clothes while you were away ? 
   `` wow . 
  you 're so white for a romanian . '', 
  let 's be honest here , many of you folks are pretty dark even if you are n't roma . 
  i get surprised when i meet romanians who look like they could be my cousin instead of looking like , say , cristian chivu or something . 
  that 's not a romanian-exclusive reaction though , i think the same if i meet say a portuguese or turkish person who could pass as nordic too . 
  `` wow , you speak great swedish ! '', 
  what i came in here to say . 
  driving while tired is illegal . 
  even with breaks most people will be rather exhausted after over 8 hours of driving in a day . 
  not something the police could really enforce though , but it is worth keeping in mind . 
  driving for 8 + hours is n't just not fun , it 's also illegal . 
  the lifeblood of these flights are business trips though . 
  no-one who wears a suit for a living is going to spend 4 days driving back and forth for a business meeting when you can fly there and back in a day . 
  read more books . 
  germany . 
  i wish i could say abba here , but then i 'd be lying . 
  does latin count ? 
  british is better . 
  i much prefer sounding like a drunk northern cunt than a brain-damaged hollywood actor . 
  for me personally i finally took the first step towards un-fucking my life . 
  almost every big political controversy i can remember from the past 10-15 years has been pants-on-head retarded . 
  so much toxic identity politics , from both right and left . 
  that 's very rare . 
  the people denying you access generally are n't the same as those arguing for an ever closer union . 
  of course . 
  gdp can be very misleading in countries with poor income distribution . 
  i do think it is rather safe to assume that a country with a gdp per capita ppp of $ 5,047 is far too poor to be considered developed though . 
  the median wage in poland ( $ 526 ) is almost twice the median wage in ukraine ( $ 284 ) , poland 's gdp per capita ppp ( $ 26,499 ) is more than three times that of ukraine 's ( $ 7,987 ) etc. 
  ukraine is currently a very poor country . 
  they are lower than the republic of congo in all gdp-based metrics , including those two . 
   the uk has jaywick which is probably worse than many places in moldova even though our country is very wealthy . 
  a report from 10 years ago showed that the calton area of glasgow had a lower male life expectancy than both iraq and the gaza strip . 
  [ right in the middle of an insurgency the average iraqi male still had a life expectancy more than 13 years longer than the average male calton resident . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2006/jan/21/health.politics ) things seem to have gotten a bit better in calton and the dramatic number may have been partially caused by a small sample size , but it 's still pretty illuminating on just how deprived certain pockets of the uk actually are . 
  gdp is one of the main metrics considered when establishing whether a country is developed or not . 
  personally i think it is pretty clear that a country with a gdp lower than the republic of congo can not be a developed nation . 
  moldova has a gdp lower than many countries in sub-saharan africa , so the answer here is no . 
  bielefeld does not exist . 
  sports salaries are a lot more secretive in europe than in the us , but i think i 've read somewhere that top players in the swiss ice hockey league get paid somewhere around a million dollars per season . 
  otherwise the previously mentioned khl is the obvious answer . 
  i guess in the end it becomes a debate about definition . 
   i mean , if we 're only counting native born , `` pure '' germanic swedes , the percentage is probably quite high . 
  maybe 50 % ?
