  to the people who had resided there for a thousand years , it almost certainly would . 
   if the faroese do n't like the cost of living on their island without having to slaughter whales , the possibility always remains that they could have their property bought at exorbitant prices by the government and they move elsewhere . 
  you do realise what you described is considered to be ethnic cleansing , right ? 
  the faroese culture would die and the faroese language would go extinct within a generation . 
  do you also assign non-human personhood to other intelligent animals like pigs , or demonstrably self-aware animals like the european magpie ? 
  either way , the lives of actual people are still more important that that of any supposed non-human `` person '' . 
  the faroese go to great lengths to avoid being cruel to the whales , the hunt is not a danger to the pilot whale population and the whales get to live better lives than almost any farmed animal . 
  unless you 're a vegan , you really do n't have any leg to stand on in this matter . 
  and then you have another couple of pints to drown out the feelings . 
  you should muster up the courage to go to the local pizzeria for a few beers . 
  everyone will judge you as a drunk , but what else can you do when you do n't have a pub nearby ? 
   vodka and different `` alco-sodas '' being the most popular at this age . 
  otherwise it 's a pretty even race between beer and wine . 
  really ? 
  when i was that age 10 years ago cheap danish beer like harboe bought at extortionate prices from some smuggler was the only thing the kids with uncool parents would drink , aside from the occasional bottle of shit smuggled vodka and whatever they could steal from their parents . 
   we rarely drink on the weekdays , having a beer after work is not common and neither is having a glass of wine at lunch . 
  you must 've missed the whole trend of `` i 'm totally having this enormous fucking glass of shit boxed wine every day of the week because it goes nicely with dinner , i 'm really , totally , most definitely not an alcoholic ! '', 
  that 's been going on for the past 15 years or so . 
  you 're right about lunch though , having wine or beer for lunch makes you look like a drunk-driver , which is seriously frowned upon . 
  admitting to drunk-driving makes someone about as popular as saying you like to punch newborn babies in the face . 
  congratulations , you just created a parallel society . 
  if you do n't extend a helping hand to those worst off in society , they will help themselves . 
  the problem is that people at the bottom generally do n't have the tools to support themselves in productive or socially acceptable ways . 
  in the best case scenario they will turn to working under the table or begging , but a system that leaves the poor and destitute to fend for themselves will inevitably lead to a significant rise in criminality . 
  benefits have been an effective crime-prevention measure as they have eliminated an entire category of criminals , the people who had to rob , steal and defraud just to put a roof over their heads or feed their children have become a thing of the past . 
  eliminating benefits for those who need them the most would quickly bring that type of criminality back . 
  well people would be doing something in a society like that , i just doubt you would like what they would do . 
   so why the ones who come should even try to integrate if they are already receiving all the benefits ? 
  because the life you live with an actual salary from a real job is much better than the one you get from living on benefits . 
   they already live as good as locals . 
  they absolutely do not . 
  since forever . 
  `` positive '' discrimination has never been permitted in sweden . 
  fuel for less than $ 1 per litre ? 
  that 's it , i 'm moving to lithuania !, 
  supposedly serbian weapons dealers give them away for free with gun purchases . 
  balkans weapons dealers supposedly give them away for free with gun purchases . 
  they are classed as dangerous explosives rather than weapons , which have an entirely different set of laws regulating their use and possession . 
  freedom of speech applies for assholes too . 
  you all share the costs from political demonstrations , music festivals , regular weekend evenings and any other public event where people act drunk and/or disorderly too . 
  yep . 
  every native vancouverite i 'm acquainted with basically hates the place . 
  outrageous real estate prices without an economy or a job market to justify it . 
  you really have no idea just how expensive vancouver is , do you ? 
  the average price for a detached house in greater vancouver is over $ 1m canadian , the average price for any kind of residential property is over $ 700k . 
   bbc is payed for by uk citizens which is why its only available in the uk and will remain that way . 
  i want to thank the citizens of the uk for funding the bbc so i can download match of the day each sunday morning !, 
  they have nothing on the cost of housing in vancouver . 
  the last one who made it over got depressed in denmark and committed suicide by throwing itself in front of a train . 
  moose are actually great swimmers , swedish moose have swum across \u00d6resund to denmark in the past , a journey that is several kilometres long . 
  why bother going to a recycling station or a garbage dump when you can just make your crap disappear by throwing it in the river ? 
  the risk of dying in a terrorist attack is still immeasurably tiny . 
  you have a much greater chance of winning the jackpot of euromillions than dying in a terrorist attack in europe . 
  but that would n't generate clicks and shares on social media , which is what modern headline writing is all about . 
  yeah , that sounds plausible . 
  our existence is n't threatened to the point that we should let people drown in the mediterranean . 
  i 'm going to guess the dog might have upset the elk in some way in that case . 
  gothenburg . 
  i 'm definitely not biased . 
  because this sub was made a default , which shifted the user-base away from having mostly consisted of federalists interested in european topics towards typical european reddit users , who are mostly young males with a lot of free time . 
  as it happens that demographic is also the loudest and most outspoken against immigration . 
  oh really ? 
  i 'd say going around assigning labels to people who disagree with you and accusing complete strangers of being hypocrites is a much clearer sign of not knowing what you 're talking about . 
  but what would i know , i 'm just a free market liberal `` hardcore leftie '' . 
  and as it happens , i 've actually worked as a labourer ... 
  that 's a new one , being called a hard leftie by advocating capitalism . 
  nice joke !, 
  if an uneducated foreigner with no experience and little knowledge of the language can `` steal '' your job from you , you did n't deserve it in the first place . 
  you earn your own job security . 
  if you do n't have any , it 's because you do n't deserve any . 
  based on swedish statistics about 1300 people get bit by vipers each year , and someone dies as a result of a viper bite about once every 8th year , so there 's less than a 1 in 10000 chance of dying from a viper bite . 
  i think it 's been over 100 years since a wolf killed anyone in western europe , they are generally shy and try to avoid people and almost never attack adults . 
  i think someone gets killed by a bear about once or twice per decade , they really only attack people if they get cornered . 
  the european adder typically is n't lethal . 
  it 's very , very rare for someone to die from being bitten by one . 
  elk are only deadly if you count car accidents , they are obviously very large , but they are generally a shy and peaceful animal , most people are smart enough not to get so close to them that the elk gets aggressive . 
  the lethality of wasps is a pure numbers thing , about 1 % of the population is allergic to their stings and with thousands of people getting stung each year there will always be some poor person unlucky enough to die . 
   we 're supposed to get moose in 2016 i bet they 'll commit suicide just like the last one you had . 
  the common wasp is the most deadly animal in sweden , iirc . 
  about one person per year dies as a result of allergic reactions caused by their sting . 
  nobody actually follows it because there 's no actual repercussions for doing so . 
  in the worst case scenario the parents will be told off by the police for letting their child cycle without a helmet . 
  i do n't know , actual living people with real human emotions ? 
  do n't you know that it is never the neo-nazis fault ?!? 
  i hope you have a nice day !, 
  some people are private and do n't want the media attention that something like this generates . 
   one might ask what a toilet has to do freedom , equality and brotherhood . 
  in fact , there is , among other things , a historical reference : one of the revolutionaries ' proposals during the french revolution was to provide their fellow citizens with public toilets . 
  the ability to perform bodily functions in privacy is also important for maintaining personal security and human dignity . 
  it 's probably your language , rather than your argument , that is causing the downvotes . 
   on the other hand , most people in the world want more than just food and if nigerians want serious opportunities they are going to try to immigrate to europe that 's probably true today , but it wo n't necessarily be true in 2050 . 
  and in 50 years you 'll still be more than 40 millions . 
  that 's hardly extinction . 
   but population decline is still undesirable . 
  that depends . 
  there 's plenty of educated people who argue that the current world population is unsustainable and harmful towards the long-term survivability of both the planet and of our species . 
  if their arguments are true the population decline has to come from somewhere . 
  i do n't personally subscribe to such ideas , but their arguments are not entirely without merits . 
  the degree of harm that population decline will have on these countries depends entirely on what kind of impact automation has , and how soon it is implemented . 
  because endless population growth is clearly desirable in an increasingly automated world ...
