  americans are way too paranoid about the government to ever have something like that . 
   ethnic brits . 
  there is literally no such thing as an `` ethnic british '' person . 
  british is a nationality , not an ethnicity . 
  goodnight !, 
   the spanish language is also easy to learn . 
  if you speak another romance language , like romanian . 
   i 've always suspected they 're the worst people in the country , and that 's just about confirmed it . 
  female middle class pensioners are the main audience for the daily mail , which really says everything about that particular demographic . 
  i 'm a labourer , i work more in a single day than nigel has done in his entire life . 
  being a commodities trader in the city is hardly a `` proper job '' , certainly not in the eyes of the `` common , ordinary people '' farage pretends to represent . 
  and neither have you , nigel . 
  that certainly sounds like farage . 
   though i dislike how you have to pick the `` cards '' for each party in such an open area . 
  i had to pick one of each in order to conceal my choice better . 
  my biggest issue with our system . 
  you do n't have to pick your ballot at the voting booth . 
  the major parties usually mail you ballots or hand them out at public party events so you can bring them with you to the booth , you can also write in whatever party you like on the blank ballots and it will be counted as a valid vote . 
  we always vote on sundays too . 
  i 'm certain that weekday voting like in the uk shaves several percent off the turnout . 
  a nightmare served in a bowl . 
  poland big !, 
  and your solution to that is * less * unity ? 
  a more fractured and divided europe still plays right into his interests , nato or no nato . 
  iirc putin spoke positively towards the possibility of russia joining nato when he was first elected president . 
  how the times change , eh ? 
   it is immensely sad lib dems failed to properly force tories to reform fptp and promote the av vote . 
  such a waste . 
  the big mistake they did was settling for av as a compromise instead of insisting on pr . 
  they also should n't have allowed it to go to a referendum . 
  i 'm not arguing against you , just expanding on your point . 
  do n't even need to lock up everyone , just lock up all males aged 12 to 60 and almost all crime will go away in an instant . 
  since the graphic only uses whole numbers anything below 0.5 % would be rounded down to 0 % . 
  in his defence , the text on banknotes is primarily intended as a security feature , readability is n't the primary or even the secondary concern . 
  someone just taking a glance is unlikely to notice text that is both small and in the same colour as the background . 
  in their minds immigration is just a scheme by the jews to destroy the `` white race '' . 
  also known as [ poe 's law . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ), 
  trying to triple the fun ? 
   * for a definition of `` everyone '' equal to 99 % of the population . 
  some are more equal than others , especially the blessed leaders of the communist party . 
  i can not imagine a more finnish activity that does not involve either saunas or knives . 
   in terms of krak\u00f3w main reason is that the city is in a valley cousing the smog to pile up , especially during winter . 
  that 's called inversion and is a common issue many cities suffer from , los angeles is perhaps the most famous example . 
  some german guy did that in the hotel sauna when i was on vacation in denmark once . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  it 's a misspelling , and an illogical and fucking retarded one at that . 
  it makes no fucking sense whatsoever . 
   i could care less you 're not really in a position to lecture others when you make that fucking mistake . 
  none of the above . 
  while we did once drive on the left-hand side of the road , the overwhelming majority of cars here still had the wheel on the left-hand side , which was one of the motivations for the switch . 
  well , the inspiration for them . 
  that 's probably not a very good idea for a bank manager , but for a regular person the benefits of having a long , secure password that 's written down somewhere vastly outweighs the potential downsides . 
  the likelihood of someone breaking into your house to steal your notebook to get your email , steam and netflix passwords is absolutely minuscule . 
  the [ xkcd method ] ( https://xkcd.com/936/ ) is probably better though . 
  then start with yourself . 
  if wolves , bears , wolverines and lynxes are n't enough already , i doubt adding another predator would make much of a difference . 
  i have never seen more convincing evidence that the end is upon us than a frenchman teaching an englishman english !, 
  the more damning fact is that the opinion of most french people is n't different from the policies of the government . 
  maybe you should try not pushing your own identity down other people 's throats ? 
  iirc the number of welsh-speakers is actually growing already . 
  ironically swedish meat producers use misleading labels to confuse consumers into buying beef instead of horse meat because good horse meat is more expensive than beef . 
  well at least you have the dacia sandero !, 
  it 's the communists trying to poison our precious bodily fluids !, 
  brother !, 
  lets go drinking !, 
  there 's so many rule breaks in this that it gave me eye cancer !, 
  yeah , whoever made it thinks scanian is danish and that people from bohusl\u00e4n and j\u00e4mtland speak norwegian . 
  it 's pure rubbish . 
   we 're not running a service for the drug companies , we 're instituting a policing agency !, 
  that needs to attract competent personnel , something that is subject to market forces . 
  oh , sorry , i did n't know all british people lived in london ... 
  why not both ? 
  wow , one of my posts got a troll answer from / u/executivemonkey !, 
  now i can die in peace !, 
  your doubts are clear proof that you have never been to finland . 
  [ it is the very foundation of swedish culture , upon which all welfare is built . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fika_ ( sweden \\ ) ), 
  some people are more sensitive to bitterness than others . 
  i 'm going out on a limb here , but it 's the only region of those polled ( notice that corsica is absent ) that has a distinct identity of its own beyond just being french , which probably makes the front national harder to sell . 
  if you 're a person with nationalist tendencies in brittany there 's a good chance that you 're a breton nationalist rather than a french nationalist . 
  yeah , assuming finns drink espresso is a mightily ambitious and almost certainly false assumption . 
  have you ever met an old age pensioner before ? 
  sitting around drinking coffee all day is basically the only thing they do . 
  and the typical coffee-drinking working person will have at least 4 cups per day , one for breakfast , one for the morning fika , one for lunch and then another for the afternoon fika , then some people who really like coffee will have additional cups when they get home . 
  what 's the general population trend in iceland like ? 
  i thought there was a lot of emigration to the other nordic countries ? 
  same here . 
  i 've only successfully finished a cup of coffee once , and that cup contained at least as much milk and sugar as it did coffee . 
  does n't change the fact that most of my countrymen basically live on the stuff though . 
  how many times per day do you drink coffee ? 
  in scandinavia it is common to drink 4-8 large cups every day . 
   i doubt they are attracting many people with their conservatism . 
  your lutheran church is considered conservative ? 
  would be nice if politicians could come up with a pension program that is n't a thinly veiled pyramid scheme . 
   i thought total world population was growing , was n't it ? 
  it is , but the number of children in the world is not growing ( as the late hans rosling phrased it in one of his wonderful presentations , we have reached `` peak child '' ) and fertility rates are dropping globally . 
  most projections estimate global population will peak sometime between 2050 and 2100 . 
  when an issue is as infected as the dispute they have with greece , sure . 
  most of the expensive projects would still be carried out even without the dispute , they 'd just choose different artworks instead of plastering alexander and philip ii everywhere .
