  love cars but do n't own one , the bus works just fine for going into the city centre and back out to the suburbs . 
  it 's really difficult justifying a large cost like a car when it would be little more than a very expensive toy for me . 
  and i still live at home . 
  combination of the ludicrously long waiting time for rental contracts and an ideological opposition to paying rent that 's the cause , i suppose . 
  for much of my youth mariusz czerkawski would have been the only thing i could talk about with polish people . 
  many countries do have very long residency requirements though , some require 10 + years of continuous residency . 
  on the other hand most countries have conditions that reduces the residency requirement , like being married to a citizen or speaking the language . 
  for instance in sweden you can apply for citizenship after 3 years of residence if you are married or have been cohabiting with a swedish citizen for the last 2 years . 
  if you happen to have a million euros just laying around you can basically buy maltese citizenship . 
  cyprus also has a citizenship-by-investment scheme but their required investment is about 3-4 times what malta asks for . 
   have you lived in the target european country for 8 + 5 years is the norm for naturalisation . 
  there is a possibility that i 'll be voting for myself . 
   so , quebec pretty much . 
  could also move to new brunswick or out into the woods in northern ontario . 
  there is a shortage for many skilled trades in sweden , welder is not one of them according to the [ migrationsverket list ] ( https://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.585fa5be158ee6bf362baa/1485556061645/migrfs+1+2017.pdf ) , but depending on what `` industrial mechanic '' translates into exactly it might be . 
  whether you 'd be able to find someone willing to hire you when you do n't speak swedish is a different matter . 
   dogs ( female ) :  - molly  - bella  - wilma  - doris  - alice  dogs ( male ) :  - sigge ( traditional nickname for sigurd , sigvard and sigfrid )  - charlie  - ludde ( traditional nickname for ludvig )  - bamse ( popular cartoon character )  - hugo  cats ( female ) :  - maja  - smulan ( `` the crumb '' )  - selma  - molly  - doris  cats ( male ) :  - sigge  - nisse  - findus ( popular cartoon character )  - sixten  - tiger the funny/tragic thing is that most of these names are also very popular with newborn children . 
  i love the national team because it is the only opportunity for me as a fan of a small club to watch top level football and be genuinely invested in the outcome . 
  that international football is free from the influence of superclubs and relatively untouched by money is just a sweet bonus . 
  i know fans of clubs from the big 5 leagues in general and the superclubs in particular usually feel different about it though . 
   how much news do you consume about the one vs the other ? 
  well i am a fan of a small club , so there 's not really that much news for me to follow and the local newspaper is biased in favour of our bigger rival , so national team news wins by default . 
   outside of the world cup and the euro , do you watch your national team , or no ? 
  i 've missed maybe a handful of qualifiers in total over the last 10-15 years because of work . 
  otherwise i always watch . 
  i 'm not as compulsive about the friendlies , but i still watch most of them too . 
   what is it like in terms of hoping for success ? 
  with the national team ? 
  well , lesser footballing nations than us have won the euro 's and the generations that are at least slightly older than me still remember ' 94 , so there 's always hope . 
   what is your `` relationship '' with players on your club 's team vs on the national team ? 
  ( professional players come and go , etc. ), 
  again , i follow a small club , so the relationship with the club players is much , much closer than with those on the national team . 
  not only are the national team players all rich professionals isolated away from normal life , there 's also not a single gothenburger among them ( and the most recent ones were all former players of our striped rivals , which means they may as well have been from denmark as far as i care . ), 
  whereas most of the players on my team are normal , mostly local guys who do n't make much more from football than i did from a good month of labouring . 
  i do n't know any of them personally , but i 've worked with people who grew up with some of our current players . 
  gives you a completely different connection to the club than andy , manchester united fan from singapore or chad , real madrid fan from bumfuck , in have with `` their '' clubs . 
  as in tv series ? 
  nothing quite like good old moral panic , eh ? 
   like rainbow blowjob parties ? 
  like what ? 
   i 'm a little confused if you wonder if people over here mispronounce their own names some swedes with pre-spelling reform surnames actually do this . 
  the hockey playing brothers mario and adrian kempe for instance . 
  their surname is an old soldiers ' name and is meant to be pronounced k\u00e4mpe , but apparently their family pronounce it with a hard k-sound and an e-sound instead of an \u00c4-sound . 
  gothenburg works . 
  you have ale to the north , lerum and h\u00e4rryda to the east and m\u00f6lndal and kungsbacka to the south where you can hide in a hut in the forest if you 'd like to . 
  depending on where exactly you choose to go you can even have good public transport connections to the city centre !, 
  if you 'd like living surrounded by the sea you do n't even need to leave the municipality . 
  in gothenburg the first one i can think of is marconigatan in fr\u00f6lunda , named after guglielmo marconi , the inventor of radio . 
  streets in neighbourhoods constructed during the [ * million programme * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/million_programme ) - era often had themed names , in that part of fr\u00f6lunda all the streets have names related to radio , including one of the bigger streets being named after the inventor of the technology . 
  it still owns some major broadcast properties though ( including upcoming olympics ) , and discovery networks who own the channel have been very ambitious in bidding for new ones and are rumoured to have bought the rights to allsvenskan . 
  olof palme , though his assassination mutes much criticism . 
  eurosport own the broadcast rights for the bundesliga , which breaks the comparison . 
  we are indeed a very humble people . 
  the most humble of them all . 
  carl xvi gustaf , defender of the one true faith , destroyer of danes , emperor of all man kind . 
  i have none . 
  swedish way is best . 
   `` look at her , sick but she keeps working . 
  that 's a great attitude , she 's a killer '' . 
  yes , so great of her to show up to work and risk infecting the whole workplace !, 
  yes , they have two very distinct accents in swedish . 
  nobody would mistake roy hodgson for an american when he speaks . 
   hellas verona the best football banter ever had was when napoli fans brought a banner to a match against hellas proclaiming `` juliet was a whore !, 
  '' , to which the hellas fans responded with a banner saying `` forza vesuvio !, 
  everyone vs. stockholm . 
  if you want a more direct rivalry gothenburg vs. stockholm works . 
  walk into any 9th grade classroom in gothenburg and ask the kids what the capital of sweden is and they 'll all shout gothenburg , they know it 's wrong but it 's true in their hearts . 
  given your conditions , i 'd shoot myself . 
  it means please , but you ca n't use it like you can use please in english . 
  * sn\u00e4lla * is the word a child begging for his mother to buy him a pack of sweets even though it is n't saturday would use . 
  using it with strangers makes you seem childish and overly familial and makes it sound like you 're begging , so it essentially does the direct opposite of the politeness please in english . 
  gothenburgian has the vocative case word * d\u00f4 * as one of its unique features . 
  vocative case is otherwise unheard of in swedish and apparently very rare in germanic languages . 
  the time of gustav vasa roughly overlaps with the time where the swedes and the geats started to merge into a single people too . 
  that 's pretty much what it means , yes . 
  german seems to have quite a few idioms related to sausage . 
  none of the scandinavian languages do . 
  you could use * onkel * for uncle and possibly * tant * for aunt , no way of being non-specific with the rest of them though . 
  i 'm not a linguist , but i 'll do my best : swedish has two separate words for * a * ( as in * a * ball , or * a * scared lion ) , * en * , which is used mostly for living things , and * ett * , which is used mostly for inanimate objects . 
  the endings of adjectives change depending on which word is used , a red cat is * en r\u00f6d katt * while a red house is * ett r\u00f6tt hus * . 
  however , through accidents in history some living things ( such as lions ) are referred to as * ett * , which causes problems with with the swedish word for scared , * r\u00e4dd * . 
  since it is an adjective that can reasonably only be used to describe living things it only has a word-ending suitable for * en * , logic would suggest that you would bend it into * r\u00e4tt * for sentences that begin with * ett * , but because that is already established as the word for right or correct you ca n't , so it is grammatically impossible for a single lion to be scared in swedish . 
  hope that explanation at least half makes sense . 
  to pick an oddity from my own language ; lions , sheep , bees and deer can only be scared in groups in swedish , it is grammatically impossible for a single lion or a single sheep to be afraid . 
  fika is the staple of swedish civilisation . 
  because unlike * like * and * gilla * you can only use * lide * to express approval by putting it into a sentence . 
  it 's not wrong , it 's just odd . 
  we have the same distinction with uncles , aunts , nephews and nieces too . 
  family dinners can get quite confusing . 
  my personal favourite is that the danish language does n't really have a word for like , instead danes express their approval or enjoyment of a person or activity by saying * `` i could suffer that '' * . 
  slide in on a prawn sandwich . 
  it 's all sausage to me . 
   socfall first time i 've ever seen that word used in writing . 
  have to say that the spelling does n't make much sense as c generally only makes an s-sound in front of vowels . 
  austrians do n't ski , they just glide downhill . 
   nowadays , probably more of a money sink to the uk than a money source . 
  but that 's just a guess . 
  [ your guess is very wrong . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyygnhhkfw ), 
  a lot more popular than cricket , but still a completely irrelevant blip in the sporting landscape .
