  that would be theft . 
  awful analogy . 
  sure . 
  reddit would still be well within their rights to remove your comments if they wanted to though . 
  reddit is a private entity , `` freedom of speech '' does not apply . 
   we do n't have much insolation here beacause it would be a waste : houses need to get rid of the high temperatures on summer well-designed insulation will keep heat out in the summer just as well as it keeps heat in during winter . 
  i 'd rather stay where i am , but if i really had to move somewhere i 'd probably go to copenhagen . 
  paris and london are too big , i ca n't be bothered with learning german and while italy and spain are lovely to visit i would n't want to * live * there . 
  more like 28 . 
  the part of sweden where people actually live is a lot warmer than you think it is . 
  go south , young man . 
  sounds like [ svagdricka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svagdricka ), 
  i guess unemployment has its benefits !, 
  this is why i love having a basement . 
   uefa rules ban the use of `` symbols , actions or songs that are not within the context of a sports event , especially messages of a political , ideological , religious , offensive and provocative nature . '', 
  i 'd imagine barcelona will argue that the flag is a symbol of local identity , something which is arguably an essential part of a sports event . 
  i have no love for fc barcelona or catalan nationalism , but this investigation will not lead to anything . 
  why would i complain about the weather when summer has finally arrived ? 
  you 're not going to see large numbers of syrians gain eu citizenship until 2018 , at the earliest . 
  it generally takes a minimum of 5 years of legal residency before you can apply for citizenship in any eu country , even longer than that in many of them . 
  migration from pre-civil war syria was not very large . 
  they get funds based on membership , it seems the catholic church have exaggerated their membership numbers . 
  when i last heard of this i think it was said that the church used numbers based on how many they thought * should * be members , instead of the actual membership when applying for funding . 
  i remember when i was 20 and unemployed , to get paid unemployment benefits i had to go to arbetsf\u00f6rmedlingen in the neighbouring municipality each day and the travel there would cost more than the benefits . 
  needless to say i never bothered with the benefits . 
  source ? 
  it 's the first time we 've won a football tournament in more than 60 years . 
  i think we can afford to be happy about it !, 
  i 've always found the whole `` i 'll buy that famous athlete/actor/musician a drink ! '', 
  thing incredibly strange . 
  i get why businesses give famous people stuff , or even pay them to use their products/frequent their properties , but i 'll never understand why regular people do it . 
  `` wohoo , i paid for some rich guy 's drink ! '', 
  and yet we still have the harshest punishments in scandinavia and some of the harshest in western europe . 
  i think it should be pointed out that italy is a textbook example of the controversy about what constitutes a language and what is a dialect . 
  many italian dialects are as different from each other as swedish is to danish . 
  many will argue that the dialects are in fact separate languages , others will argue that they really are nothing but dialects . 
  he was in the side-bar over at / r/yurop for a reason !, 
  it 's funny because back during euro 2012 the fact that * everything * in ukraine was super expensive was a big news item , now ukraine is probably the most value for the money destination in europe . 
  planes to kyiv are cheap , and the collapse of the hryvnia has made the overnight train from there to odessa cheap ( for us foreign folk ) as well . 
  men only , though !, 
  wooooosh !, 
   judging from my 2 years in english class with french people they do n't give a shit about learning other languages . 
  so just like the english and the americans then ? 
  actually your father is a drunk . 
  it 's your mother who is a rodent !, 
  it 's still english . 
  just not * good * english , but if you 're making a thread crying about a second-language speaker expressing himself clumsily you really , * really * need to start doing more useful things with your life . 
  [ except it is an english word ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/attentat ), 
  i believe texas is gerrymandered to hell , so election results are n't necessarily representative of what most texans actually think . 
   like where ? 
  mississippi is an absolute shithole by all standards . 
  alabama has a few rocket scientists in huntsville at least . 
  there 's plenty of stories about people accidentally flicking a v and the a-ok sign is famously an insult suggesting one is of homosexual persuasion in many countries . 
  hand gestures are definitely a bad idea in a foreign country . 
   so what we are left with is literally no way to discipline a child , meaning they can run riot without consequence . 
  no , you are left with a virtually endless variety of ways to discipline a child that does n't include violence . 
  if you ca n't keep control of kids without resorting to violence , you should n't have kids . 
  period . 
  it 's just dclauzel and a ukrainian user who do it on a regular basis . 
  i 'd rather have pastel than weather-stained concrete , though . 
  party members and their kids get all the cool stuff ? 
  it was a 50 point course when i did gymnasiet , which means it is meant to be roughly 50 hours of study . 
  i think there was also an optional b course for another 50 points that was more advanced . 
  why have n't you moved abroad , if i may ask ? 
  should n't be difficult for someone in computer science and fluent in english to find work elsewhere in europe . 
  greece ca n't produce all the goods required to fill its own needs . 
  no modern economy can . 
  even if it could , it would likely be more profitable for greek producers to sell what they produce to other markets with higher prices than to lower the prices in greece . 
   i do n't know what other european country has philosophy exams in high school in sweden philosophy is a subject in some of the programs at the gymnasium level , though we do n't use exams in our school system . 
  democracy has spoken !, 
  signed , david cameron . 
   as it stands i do n't feel like i actually work as i enjoy what i do . 
  you 're a lucky man !, 
   i realize it all relies on coalitions and forming pacts but its not really that democratic for the third place party to lead the country surely ? 
  if they are the only party that can muster up enough support from other parties to form a government , it is democratic . 
  who the smaller parties choose to back is based on their estimation of what their voters would consider acceptable . 
   i 'm just wondering how stupid the mainstream parties are that have no reaction to immigration issues whatsoever the danish social democrats have virtually the same stance towards refugees as the dpp does at this point . 
  being very much against refugees is the mainstream in denmark in 2015 , so the `` mainstream parties do n't care about immigration '' argument is n't truthful in that case , one could even argue that the might care * too much * about it for their own good . 
   freedom of movement and migration quotas are absolutely uncomparable . 
  the dpp are just as much against you scummy , criminal eastern europeans that gain access to denmark through freedom of movement as they are against non-european refugees . 
  they do n't like you stealing their jobs and burgling their houses , just like they do n't like syrians stealing their precious welfare . 
  re-establishing border checks is one of the dpps big political issues . 
  i hope he buys himself something nice !, 
  that 's a lot more happy europeans than i expected !, 
  what , cities being more red than the countryside ? 
  it is n't true for sweden at least . 
  northern norrland is rural and our reddest area , while stockholm and its surroundings is typically the most blue . 
   i was just looking around on the map and this result sticked out to me . 
  the bigger cities usually are more leftwing than the rest of the country , i do n't expect different for denmark . 
  that 's not generally the case in scandinavia , as far as i know . 
  rural areas are historically more red than cities , at least in sweden . 
  history . 
  it 's been virtually impossible for anyone aside from the social democrats to gain more than roughly 25 % of the vote since before the war , and just reaching 25 % is very , very , very rare . 
  the moderate party have only gotten over 25 % * twice * in the last 80 years . 
  if our centre-right party and the traditional opponent of the social democrats struggle to get more than a quarter of the voters to vote for them , there is absolutely no chance that a party as divisive as the sweden democrats could out-do them . 
  some of the major political parties in denmark were founded before socialism became a widespread ideology . 
  in those days liberals were the `` left '' , opposed to the conservative `` right '' . 
   it 's a british magazine though they always refer to themselves as a newspaper . 
  df will never get support to lead a government unless they get a majority of their own . 
  the other parties would n't back them .
