  acting as a giant wall of cannon fodder is your job , not ours !, 
   it has never been taken literally by the church . 
  what church ? 
  there are hundreds , probably even thousands , of christian churches who take the bible as the literal word of god . 
  one of my favourite true crime stories , it 's like it was right out of a great mystery novel . 
  i sense owls in the bog , as we say in swedish ... 
  zlata in teleorman apparently has 92.4 % turnout already !, 
  personally i am very happy that the referendum result was ignored because it established precedence so that the ludicrous [ 1980 referendum on nuclear power , where all three options were essentially the same ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_nuclear_power_referendum,_1980 ) could also be ignored . 
  as i said in a thread on r/askeurope a couple of days ago , the history of referendums in sweden is essentially the history of why referendums suck . 
  i presume you have an embassy there ? 
  we 're not as literal as you finns are , but it is still a thing here . 
  empty promises out of politeness happen sometimes , but a question like `` how are you ? '', 
  is always taken as a genuine inquiry and not a greeting ritual like it is for americans . 
   literally no one here claims that immigrants steal jobs . 
  you 've clearly never met my brother !, 
   you should instead be thinking about each party as an interest group/gang/clan and the fancy political affiliations are just something we heard about from the west and we 're paying lip service to it . 
  you truly are the genuine heir of the romans !, 
   in paris it 's 73 $ a month for m\u00e9tro , train and bus . 
  seems high compared to the price of single tickets , based on my visit this summer . 
  was very pleasantly surprised by the cost and service of french public transport , both in paris and in southern france during my visit . 
  almost everything seems cheap to me though , a one-way trip by bus into the city costs me more than $ 5 and a monthly pass over $ 110 . 
   also , the south is wealthier and has a stronger economy than the north ... 
  wealth is nice , but southern germany is too different culturally from the nordic countries to fit in . 
  northern germans are practically german-speaking scandinavians culturally , while bavarians may as well be from mars . 
  none of the potential new member states are in any shape to join the eu . 
  montenegro might get there within the next 10 years , but countries like albania , bosnia , macedonia , moldova , serbia and ukraine are far from where they need to be to join . 
  they all have issues with economics , politics , corruption , public opinion and in ukraine 's case even war that make them directly unsuitable for membership . 
  only the northern half . 
  we 're all conspiring together to do what the swedish empire failed to and realise the old dream of a mare nostrum balticum through diplomacy . 
  well , most of their religious people belong to the right church , at least . 
  then there 's the danish minority and historical ties . 
  mecklenburg-vorpommern would probably be admitted as an observer as well if they wanted to . 
   sweater , jacket , boots , and a hat are essential . 
  you forgot about gloves !, 
  true . 
  thankfully the queen is immortal . 
  yeah , it looks ridiculously cheap . 
  just like poundbury . 
  opera for android has a built-in adblocker . 
  do n't know how efficient it is though . 
  abp has an app that blocks ads everywhere on android , not just in browsers . 
  it 's not approved by google though and comes with all kinds of drawbacks ( like only working on wifi ) . 
  moldova literally too poor to be obese . 
   i am genuinely curious how did people start eating something so foul-smelling in the first place . 
  preserving food was difficult in the past , supposedly fermentation was used because it used less salt than other ways of preserving fish . 
  besides , almost everything common folk ate ~ 500 years ago would be horrifying to the modern palate . 
  surstr\u00f6mming would n't have stood out to the same degree that it does today . 
  english , easily . 
  many finnish-speaking finns resent the swedish-language classes and as a result they do n't learn shit . 
  may you forever bask in the glory of eder !, 
   when my parents were young the tv would show poor starving and sick african people that needed your donation , when i was young the tv showed poor starving sick african people that needed your donation , when my children become of age they 'll see poor starving sick african people that need your donation . 
  [ your problem is that you rely on your television to create your understanding of the world . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xynpjgamixo ) global poverty rates have dropped more than 70 % since 1990 and global rates of hunger have dropped by 40 % in the same time period . 
  great news !, 
  i think the funniest/saddest thing is that some of the very richest and most expensive areas of london are literally turning into ghost towns because rich russians and middle easterners buy up everything for speculation and as an emergency get-out . 
   it 's just a chocolate cake does it need any other reasons ? 
  i 'm almost tempted to move to vienna . 
  sachertorte and low rents , what else could anyone want from life ? 
  of course , how could i write this otherwise ?!, 
  i definitely recommend dying though , it totally changes your perspective on life !, 
  both those statistic are entirely dependent on how aggressive the policing is and completely arbitrary . 
  drink more and you 'll get there , do n't worry . 
  kazakhstan has to be the greatest at something !, 
  i once had an accident in a roundabout and i was totally killed a dozen times !, 
  yeah , around 20 % or so is consistent with most polling done in sweden , iirc . 
   just to explain how stupid such information is there is currently 77 % of the danish population registered as members of the lutheran state church , but only 2-3 % go to church regularly . 
  regular church attendance does not make someone a `` better '' or more `` faithful '' lutheran than someone who never goes to church , the only necessary church event for a lutheran is your own baptism . 
  with that in mind , quoting the attendance numbers in lutheran countries like sweden and denmark will lead to an underestimation of the amount of religious people , just like going by the pure membership numbers will lead to an overestimation . 
  that 's convenient , as there are n't any catholics in meckpomm . 
  correct . 
  the top 2-3 usually have a pretty solid lead , but after them a change of 0.002 in either direction can see you shift 5-10 places up or down . 
  then it would n't be a christmas goat . 
  it has to be made out of straw . 
   and that is going to help plenty of people . 
  to people who have n't had much money before receiving a large sum of it out of the blue often turns out to be more a curse than a blessing as has been shown countless times by lottery winners and professional athletes . 
   p\u00f3g mo th\u00f3in here 's a story for you : if you 've seen * the wire * , officers polk and mahon , the two incompetent drunks from the first season , were named after that phrase . 
  and just as useless as ever !, 
   what about rain ? 
  fire hot , water become cloud when hot , fire make water cloud . 
  it 's a fairytale place !, 
  the risk of le pen winning a presidential election there has everyone worried though . 
  i 'm curious to see how it turns out when it is finished . 
  i 'm generally not a fan of these projects that attempt to copy the past , the craftsmanship employed in the past has been lost to history and the materials are long since obsolete , trying to recreate the same style with modern materials and construction techniques usually end up looking cheap and tacky . 
  [ canada has a `` canadian content '' quota for both radio and tv . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_content ) they also ban non-canadian majority ownership of any broadcasting license . 
   because at the end of the day , they are posters mate . 
  a death threat does not stop being a death threat just because it is in the form of a shitty ms paint collage instead of in words . 
   free speach has no limits of course it does . 
  if you genuinely do n't think so , i implore you to try yelling `` bomb ! '', 
  on a plane . 
   there is no `` free speach but ... '' it is either there , or its not . 
  then there is no free speech anywhere in the world . 
  all countries limit some kinds of speech , most european countries have some kind of legislation against hate speech and i doubt there is a single country in the world where defamation and threats is n't illegal . 
  even the united states has limits on free speech . 
  you 've never actually seen the `` art '' he was convicted for , have you ? 
  one of his `` artworks '' depicted and named private individuals ( not public figures , who might reasonably expect to be depicted in `` art '' ) in nooses , including one individual park had depicted as a slave and doxxed in the previous work that got him fined in 2011 . 
  the swedish hmf-law is problematic in many ways , but dan park is the last person in the world anyone should use to point out its flaws . 
  what he did would be considered to be defamation , harassment or hate speech in almost every european legal system . 
   this was covered by all danish news agencies , if there had been death threats it would have been mentioned at some point do n't you think ? 
  no , it would not have , because the media and politicians in denmark use sweden as a tool for internal debate about denmark , rather than having any genuine interest in sweden , i do n't much care for jan guillou otherwise , but he did a great job highlighting that in his [ balloon story ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/kolumnister/janguillou/article19414856.ab ) a couple of years ago .
