   when europe will collapse why do you think that will happen ? 
  the eu and the us opening up the agricultural sector to free trade would likely provide a great benefit for african development , but of course that 'll never actually happen . 
  that would n't change anything . 
  people in underdeveloped countries have lots of children because children act as their pension fund , all the condoms in the world would n't change the incentive for a poor african to have a large family . 
  development is the only thing that will lower the birth rates . 
  funnily enough poor people tend to have more children , even in developed countries . 
  got ta spend money to make money , amirite !?!? 
  at least he admits his client was trying to commit a crime . 
  i 've heard these kinds of stories before , in those cases it was obese women who did n't notice being pregnant . 
  was the woman morbidly obese , by any chance ? 
  or give germany , poland , italy and portugal medals for * not * having children . 
  population growth will almost certainly have stagnated by 2100 , and it 's quite possible it will have started declining by then . 
  everything is really dependent on africa , strong development there could lead to a stagnation much sooner . 
  you 're free to move elsewhere . 
  i hear the donetsk people 's republic is nice this time of year . 
  ah , yes , the good ol' days when almost all big-budget fps games were wwii-themed . 
  desert combat sure changed that . 
  he will probably get charged for illegally possessing the truncheon and electroshock weapon , as well as the child pornography the police found . 
   put him in a dark , tiny cell and torture him without killing until the rest of his misirible life . 
  that is the right thing to do with him . 
  no , that would be sinking down to his level . 
  he 'll never be a free man or pose any danger to the public again , so i do n't see what your complaints are ? 
  the whole idea of deterrent is a logical fallacy . 
  people would n't commit crimes if they thought they would be caught . 
  norway has one of the lowest rates of criminal recidivism in the world . 
  their prison system might not satisfy your bloodlust , but it works . 
  it 's not like the guy would walk up and ring the door , asking for the kids . 
  i do n't really know , to be honest . 
  i 've been on private trackers that get mad if you do n't upload for over a decade . 
  you can block uploading in most bittorrent clients . 
  the very moment he sets his foot on british soil . 
  12 m is survivable if you 're prepared and know how to land safely , but it is past the point where the falls typically result in death . 
  two people who accidentally fall down from that height while having sex would almost certainly die unless there was something to cushion the blow below them . 
  russia is home to something like 170 different * native * ethnic groups and about 20 % of the population is non-ethnic russian . 
  `` russia for ethnic russians '' is a call for ethnic cleansing . 
  what , you think the blue-blooded upper-class would ever support the striped plebs ? 
  as an \u00d6is supporter i take that as an insult !, 
  gustavus adolphus founding gothenburg , the most glorious city man kind has ever known , in 1621 . 
  no , i am * totally * not biased at all !, 
  you choose that , and not the [ declaration of the rights of man and the citizen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_the_rights_of_man_and_of_the_citizen ) ? 
  i 've heard somewhere that it 's common for french celebrities to move to some municipalities in wallonia where the taxes are lower . 
  that 's the one where you manage both the national team and san marino calcio and try to win the world cup by nationalising players , is n't it ? 
  i 'd say the chances of this having the opposite of the intended effect are pretty high . 
  [ it does not . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_taxation#individuals ) the united states and eritrea are the only countries that tax non-resident citizens . 
  depardieu renouncing his french citizenship was a political stunt , not an attempt at tax evasion . 
  french people who want to pay lower taxes tend to move to belgium or switzerland . 
  and getting monegasque citizenship is difficult even if you 're a billionaire . 
  there 's not a separate list of requirements for rich people , just ask multi-billionaire [ dmitry rybolovlev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dmitry_rybolovlev ) . 
  that 'd be hockey hair in sweden . 
  reminds me of a line from * mad men * , from when an elderly secretary died :  `` she was born in 1898 in a barn . 
  she died on the thirty-seventh floor of a skyscraper . 
   are n't there some megawelathy people that stripped themselves of their original citizenships so they do n't have to pay taxes ? 
  to my knowledge the united states is the only country in the world that taxes its citizens even if they reside abroad . 
  and it is really difficult to become a monegasque citizen , iirc . 
  do sammarinese football fans mostly support san marino calcio , nearby italian clubs like rimini or the large italian clubs ? 
  the saying `` lotteries are a tax on those who do not understand mathematics '' applies to most games found in a casino as well , especially in monaco where it literally is a form of taxation . 
  there 's actually a tiny village in northern maine called [ estcourt station ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estcourt_station,_maine ) that can only be accessed through canada that 's basically just a gas station , selling cheaper gas to residents in the neighbouring canadian town . 
  luxembourg are sporting under-performers though . 
  they get the results of a microstate instead of those of similarly sized countries , like iceland or montenegro . 
  there 's also more corporations registered in liechtenstein than there are inhabitants . 
  for all the good that the eu 's common market policies have done , europe still consists of 30 + small and medium-sized markets rather than one very big one , that acts as a very big impediment for the growth of european companies because it is very costly and time consuming to establish yourself in each new market . 
  a company like amazon or ebay could never grow into a global giant if it was founded in a european country . 
  it might be the black liquid that made it cancerous . 
   i just rented it normally , like i did in the uk , online and with a phone call and a viewing . 
  congratulations , you managed to rent on a non-extortionate second-hand contract . 
  finding one of those is a bit like winning a couple grand on a scratch ticket . 
   be honest - it 's because of miriam leone , is n't it ? 
  :-) maybe . 
    mmmh , not that i can remember ... perhaps you may be thinking of someone else . 
  alright . 
  guess there 's more than one italian / r/europe poster who really hates italian television . 
  i watched * 1992 * and thought it was pretty okay . 
  * montalbano * has it 's charms as well , but i think we may have had an argument about that in the past . 
  we 're reckless , arrogant , stupid dicks . 
  pussies do n't like dicks , because pussies get fucked by dicks . 
  but dicks also fuck assholes : assholes that just want to shit on everything . 
  pussies may think they can deal with assholes their way . 
  but the only thing that can fuck an asshole is a dick , with some balls . 
  the problem with dicks is : they fuck too much or fuck when it is n't appropriate - and it takes a pussy to show them that . 
  but sometimes , pussies can be so full of shit that they become assholes themselves ... because pussies are an inch and half away from ass holes . 
  i do n't know much about this crazy , crazy world , but i do know this : if you do n't let us fuck this asshole , we 're going to have our dicks and pussies all covered in shit !, 
  i do n't know , a large genital wart ? 
  i really liked the [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/svenskpolitik/comments/3hkp75/pitfalls_of_rent_restraints_why_stockholms_model/cu8cq1b ) / u/joddlaren made about this article at / r/svenskpolitik :  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , market rents are more meritocratic . 
  it is easier for immigrants and the working class to work hard and prioritise their spending than being born into a family with connections . 
   it is also annoying that a large group of people who are n't really in need of hand-outs live in subsidised apartments . 
  we own it collectively but a lucky few get to reap all the fruits . 
  i think it really sums up all that is wrong about this system . 
  they have n't always been the largest party in the polling though . 
  the moderate party was frequently the largest party in the polls during the reinfeldt years . 
  the ball-sack . 
  norway is a cancerous foreskin . 
  absolutely no chance whatsoever . 
  we had one in our family home . 
  aside from having used it as an emergency urinal when i was a small child , i ca n't remember ever using it for anything . 
  is that some sort of beauty competition ? 
  either way , slavic girls are the best girls . 
  the big penis at the top of europe . 
  rent control sucks ass . 
  it 's not .
