  no , only the dutch . 
  britain has been much more culturally influential over the past 200 years than france . 
  cultural influence is arguably much more important than economical or military , at least in how it affects other countries . 
   london is the cultural capital and the city that keeps europe relevant culture-wise . 
  dubstep , drum & bass , rock , pop , coldplay etc etc. 
  i predict the next 3-4 popular music styles will come from london as well . 
  all the big musicians do their concerts first or only in london . 
  as a fan of indie rock , i have to argue the musical superiority of manchester . 
  with very sexy accents !, 
  but all your women are totally prostitutes , right ? 
  how so ? 
  the kebab thing is just a joke . 
  i doubt anyone takes it seriously . 
  hostel ? 
   but as a hockey fan , i very much like that sorry about your relegation . 
  it 's really quite an accomplishment for a country with only ~ 1000 registered players to produce a world class player like kopitar and a national team that can qualify for the olympics . 
  yes . 
  though the fact that you chose to link to an article from that circus act of a website when you apparently had other sources available really says a lot about where you 're coming from . 
  i 'm saying the news source is highly questionable . 
  so how far away are we from seeing italy and the eu countries in eastern europe legalising gay marriage ? 
  edit : interesting that i am getting downvoted for asking a simple question . 
  i guess some people in this sub must really hate gays . 
  i 'm genuinely interested in seeing how this turns out , because it really strikes me as a great initiative . 
  yeah , every other day is how much i usually shower . 
  unless it 's really hot or i 've been exercising , i do n't shower every day either . 
  could it possibly get any more daily mail than that ? 
  do n't mind the people living in squalor , be sad for poor little tourists who had their package holidays ruined by seeing them !, 
  would anyone ever actually use it that way though, 
   though they coordinated the criminal proceedings in zurich for efficiency . 
  you can always rely on the swiss to be efficient !, 
  exactly . 
  the men 's world cup is the only fifa event that routinely turns a profit . 
  none of the youth world cups break even and i am not sure that every women 's world cup manages to do that either . 
  i certainly hope it does n't . 
  i do hope it helps end the cronyism within the organisation and work as a deterrent against corruption in the future though . 
   it has its pros and cons . 
  i really ca n't see the pros . 
  i 'm sure it 's nice for the current government , but that 's a con for anyone who does n't support it . 
  my thoughts from north of \u00d6resund : it 's really weird that you guys do n't get to know when an election will be held until a few weeks in advance . 
  in sweden election dates are fixed to the 2nd sunday in september every four years by law . 
  also , danish block politics seem crazy . 
  hardcore classical liberals in the same block as nationalists , social liberals in the same block as democratic socialists ? 
  ukrainian women are n't too bad either . 
   a jury trial . 
  why on earth would anyone want that ? 
  the only ignorant fuck here is you . 
  nope , idiots like him genuinely do exist . 
  not by swedish standards . 
  let 's not forget that average wage can be very deceiving , especially in a place like london where there will be bankers , ceos , media personalities , footballers and a bunch of other people who make immense amounts of money that skews the statistics . 
  median wage would be more informative in this case . 
  maybe you 're descended from varangians ? 
   never heard of english never seen a chip shop ? 
  there 's actually been studies on this , in one study one group of test subjects exercised alone at the gym , while while the other played football . 
  in the end the footballers had much better results . 
  random disorganised leftists , most probably . 
  sweden : [ r\u00e4ttvisepartiet socialisterna ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_justice_party ) ( trotskyist ) [ kommunistiska partiet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_ ( sweden ) ( marxist-leninist ) [ sveriges kommunistiska parti ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_sweden_ ( 1995 ) ( marxist-leninist ) then there 's the `` autonomous movements '' like [ rf ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolution\u00e4ra_fronten ) and [ afa ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/antifascistisk_aktion_i_sverige ) . 
   there are exceptions that 's not how criminologists see it . 
  according to them , disparity is the rule , which is why they strongly advise against using these statistics for international comparisons . 
  yes , yes , just one slight inconsistency that made comparisons between two neighbouring countries in an entire crime category completely meaningless ... 
  rugby union and gridiron football are very similar , aside from that whole passing forwards thing . 
  / u/dajow gave you concrete examples of just how much the definitions and the methodology differs between countries hours ago , at this point you 're just being obtuse . 
  different countries have different legal definitions of what constitutes assault , what rape is , or when something is shoplifting , theft or a robbery and when and how these should be recorded in statistics . 
  it really is n't as clear as you want to think it is . 
  the laws are not the same , hence no honest comparisons can be made . 
  it 's like comparing the new zealand all-blacks with the new england patriots . 
  meaningless at best . 
   so what you 're saying is that you ca n't make any meaningful comparisons between the nordic countries using those statistics ? 
  different legal systems , different reporting methods , different police departments , different reporting rates . 
  so yes , official crime statistics ca n't be used to make any honest comparison even between similar neighbouring countries . 
  and i 've lived here for 25 years and the only crimes i 've ever experienced are ones where i was the perpetrator . 
  ( i stole some office supplies from my school as a teenager ), 
  victim surveys are carried out on a regular basis in sweden , those are a far more reliable method for international comparisons than official crime statistics . 
  any decent criminologist will tell you that crime statistics are for domestic use only . 
  laws , methods , the truthfulness of the police and the willingness to report crime vary too wildly between countries for there to be any meaningful comparisons between them . 
  the only statistic that is reasonably useful for international comparisons is the homicide rate , but you still have issues like the japanese practice of turning murders that are difficult to solve into `` accidents '' and `` suicides '' reducing the reliability . 
  if you want to make comparisons between countries victim surveys are much more reliable . 
  if anything the danish authorities should be praised for discovering and stopping benefit fraud in just two weeks on average . 
  yes , and i 'm sure it 's a fortune in niger , none of which is particularly relevant from a danish perspective . 
  nobody would pay even the slightest attention to that level of benefit fraud if it was n't daesh members who were the recipients . 
  which is n't a lot . 
  i 'm not 100 % on how the danish unemployment benefit system works , but in sweden someone who has worked before would get about that much in a month or two . 
  looking at the article :  denmark has one of the world 's most generous unemployment insurance systems , with those on the dagpenge scheme receiving up to 801 kroner ( $ 122 , 107 euros ) per day for up to two years . 
  kontanthj\u00e6lp is a significantly more modest benefit . 
  so they 've gotten about 15 days worth of unearned benefits each , that 's not a particularly big case of benefit fraud . 
  divided up for 32 people , that is n't very much money . 
   fun fact !, 
  russia is one of the leaders in the field of nuclear energetics , and builds nuclear reactors wherever it can . 
  i spoke to a russian nuclear physicist once a few years ago , she did n't sound too optimistic about her job prospects in russia . 
  turkish footballer [ serdar aziz ] ( http://www.burdurweb.com/web/wp-content/uploads/serdar-aziz.jpg ) could pass for swedish if he wanted to . 
  most turks are middle eastern-looking though . 
  he 's teaching us french , one post at a time !, 
   in terms of cars , you 'll be a small minority if you drive any other color than black , silver , white , or red , especially if it is a very saturated other color . 
  most manufacturers only offer various shades of those . 
  you usually ca n't get a colour that really stands out for regular cars . 
  i do n't know . 
  i just keep on rocking my lyle & scott and fred perry like it was 2008 . 
  only thing i 've actually noticed is that all-white sneakers seem to be the footwear of choice for girls these days . 
  keep on fighting the good fight !, 
  as a straight man , i am jealous of bisexuals . 
  that 's really the only thought i have about homosexuality .
