   besides , how expensive would it be anyways ? 
  for comparison , the bbc operates with a budget of slightly less than # 5 billion , while the eu budget for 2014 was $ 143 billion . 
  a broadcasting service with bbc-level ambitions would n't be cheap , but it also would n't be a major expense in the eu budget either . 
  and that 's if you want a full-blown , no expenses spared bbc-like service , if you cut some of the more expensive types of programming , like sports and original drama productions , and instead focus on cheaper programming like news , talk shows , investigative journalism and rebroadcasts of drama productions made by the various national broadcasters you could cut the budget estimate dramatically . 
   but the issue there is , there is no longer an actual english speaking country left in the eu have you ever heard of a place called the republic of ireland ? 
  manipulating adults is only marginally more difficult . 
  i remember many prominent members of the red army faction were women , including two of the four founders . 
   no different from the hypocrisy of scots who want to remain in the eu but leave the uk . 
  there 's absolutely nothing hypocritical about cutting out middle men . 
  he will be sorely missed at a time when his positive and fact-based global perspective is needed more than ever . 
  there is a lot of talk about fake news these days , but one of the great things rosling did was to highlight just what a misleading picture of the world even the * real news * paints . 
  aiming to use the swedish loophole , are you ? 
  i think the guy with the hydraulic pr\u00e4ss must diil viit it . 
  why not both ? 
  qi usually record their seasons around may , iirc . 
  yet they are still better than england at football !, 
   next little thing to clean up please ? 
  the ridiculous waste of $ 180m a year moving parliament between brussels and strasbourg !, 
  want to know the most stupid thing i 've heard someone say the last few weeks ? 
  i saw a talking head on swedish tv arguing that the swedish parliament should move around all the time just like the european parliament , all in the name of decentralism . 
  and the stasi , who spied enough on their citizenry to spot potential escapees long before they even got to the border . 
   the problem will be that the inner german border was effective because the 50,000 guards on the eastern side were authorised to use deadly force . 
  it also relied upon the stasi and their massive network of spineless cunts , sorry , `` informers '' , to suppress any attempt at leaving long before you could make it to the actual border . 
  that unions and employers mostly work together towards a mutually acceptable consensus is one of the foundations of the nordic model and in sweden the mostly amicable relationship between the two has lasted for almost 80 years . 
  we do n't have a minimum wage and our employment laws would probably make france look like a laissez-faire paradise . 
  if their problem is an inflexible labour market using sweden as a model for them to take after is simply a terrible idea . 
  our economy works in spite of our terrible employment regulations , not because of them . 
  what france could take after is the much more amicable relationship between labour unions and employers . 
  having both parties work together towards mutual goals is a much better strategy long-term than the hostility and constant conflict that seems to dominate french labour relations . 
  well , i think the island in the article would make a nice place for a luxury summer home . 
  if you give me the island i 'll be happy to build one . 
  this is fake as it shows gothenburg as covered in snow . 
  everybody knows that never happens . 
  ah , amphetamine addicts and bread , truly the food of champions !, 
  a hat and scarf is still good at -20 . 
  otherwise a balaclava works , i presume you have heard of those . 
  describing mehmed and his army of ottomans as refugees is a bit generous . 
  the roman empire lived for 1500 years , it was a lot more resilient than most . 
  ventilation ? 
  are you referring to inversion ? 
  is this from people using coal or firewood to heat up their homes ? 
  as every swedish child is told countless times by their daycare teachers , there is no such thing as bad weather , only bad clothing . 
  we 're just as vulnerable to manipulative narratives as anyone else . 
  maybe they 've been drinking the torpedo fuel ? 
   the number of sex partners is also something people tend to lie about . 
  are you telling me my 9th grade classmate who said he had slept with half the girls at school was lying ?!?!, 
  no way !, 
  robert burns was n't chosen as the greatest ever scot for no reason . 
  does this magazine still exist , and does it still put women on the cover ? 
  that chain between her feet looks a little bit too tight for her to be able to run . 
  she could take the computer and walk , but then it would n't be very hard for nemanja to catch her . 
  some men wish their wives were chained to the kitchen , [ nemanja prefers his chained to the computer . 
  ] ( http://flashbak.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ra%c4%8dunari-1993_11_001.jpg ), 
  that 's what happens when the whole nation buys computer magazines for the girl on the cover instead of the articles !, 
  sex is about quality , not quantity anyway . 
   which means that the national average is ~ 9 . 
  from the article :  at 19 , the number of sexual partners is almost double the national average of 11 , it found . 
   in a new study which finds that a far higher proportion than the national average are unfaithful i think i 'll pass , thanks . 
  his pension is a question for his former employers and their shareholders , it 's not a matter for the public . 
  private employee gets paid what was negotiated in his contract . 
  what a shock . 
  cars seized from criminals are usually auctioned off , are n't they ? 
  time to give back stra\u00dfburg and nizza to their rightful owners then , is n't it , marine ? 
  that 's why you get hate in the first place . 
  i like that the restrained architecture lets the objects and exhibits have all the attention . 
  asking the important questions !, 
  i also remember * bob and bobek * from my childhood , though that does n't seem to have had quite the same international impact as * pat and mat * . 
  all five are due for replacement . 
  cheat codes ? 
  what cheat codes ? 
  god just likes us more than you !, 
   dutch builders made g\u00f6teborg . 
  nah , gothenburg was built by scots . 
  the dutch only drew the plans . 
  where 's eder ? 
  i 'm guessing the suggestion is that someone in the police is leaking information to him , rather than pegida being involved in the attack ? 
  political preferences has very little to do with intelligence . 
  serious , well thought-out answer to a meme comment , good job !, 
  for a people that supposedly does n't exist , i sure saw a lot of belgians in nice during the euro 's . 
  `` maintain population through necromancy '' . 
  you should get a job at clickhole . 
  all areas of sweden have an accent , but the area around nyk\u00f6ping supposedly has the accent closest to standard rikssvenska . 
  [ bollards work . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hakcypsqiqk ), 
   it 's gotten to the point where europe is now just as dangerous as the middle east . 
  you 're a fucking moron if you genuinely believe that . 
  could have been rented or stolen . 
  or it could be some other kind of murderous nut than we all presume it was who drove it . 
  [ looks like the truck belongs to a polish trucking company ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yxzwflj.jpg ), 
  alright . 
  is n't there basically zero crime in monaco ? 
  is it empty ? 
   oh sure i did n't mean to imply nero was a good guy . 
  to his defence , there 's probably not a single emperor who could justifiably be described as a `` good guy '' under any standard . 
  even someone like marcus aurelius has serious warts on his record . 
  no mention of garum ? 
  does n't do much of a difference if the adult `` handler '' sits comfortably behind a computer on the other side of the world . 
  if you did n't want to take care of our child you should n't have asked for custody . 
  \u00c5land was your payment . 
  hey !,
