  you want to work in northern europe if you want to have a nice salary , not in the south . 
  it would never be allowed into port . 
  how , exactly , do you expect to do that ? 
   would arguably be better for all for europe . 
  not for the moroccan migrants or the moroccan government , who i am very sure are more than happy to get rid of undesirables in this manner . 
   weak border protection . 
  unfortunately the mediterranean sea is n't particularly suited towards strong border protection , especially not at the straight of gibraltar . 
  in an ideal world morocco would take responsibility for its own citizens and the eu would have functioning protection of its external borders , but it seems neither are realistic propositions in this world . 
  see , i do have knowledge . 
  it just comes in the form of * empirical evidence * rather than personal anecdotes . 
  reinforcements must come from somewhere , there is not an infinite supply of police officers on duty . 
  considering it took the police several days to fully understand the scale and scope of this incident i think it is safe to assume that they did not have enough information at the time to prioritise it over all the other things that happen on a typical new year 's eve . 
  again , anecdotal evidence is absolutely useless . 
  because for moroccan street children living as undocumented migrants in europe is much better than life in their home country , while their government refuses to accept the return of anyone without documents which currently makes it impossible for european countries to deport them . 
  you would likely need at least 100 police officers to safely control a crowd the size of what is quoted in these articles and it has taken several days for the police to fully grasp the scope of the events . 
  i doubt the police would have been able to deal with this kind of event in an acceptable manner on a normal day , even less so on what is probably their busiest day of the year . 
  only if you choose to put a `` sin tax '' on alcohol like the finns do . 
  probably scattered all over the city busy dealing with all the usual bullshit they have to deal with on a night like new year 's eve . 
   do you have any experience with healthcare in the us ? 
  because anecdotal evidence is truly the greatest measure of truth known to man !, 
  i base my opinions on something called statistics , you might be familiar with it . 
  i 'm particularly interested in the statistical fact that the swedish health care system provides affordable care to all citizens while at the same time being [ much cheaper than the american system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_total_health_expenditure_per_capita ), 
  karlskrona is great on a sunny summer day . 
  it 's completely dead for 9 months of the year though , and it is only a city if you use a very broad definition of the word . 
  lugano is absolutely beautiful . 
   it 's like a fucking fairytale . 
  so it 's a bit like bruges then ? 
   how much do prescriptions cost ? 
  depends on the medicine . 
  all prescribed medicines are free after a certain threshold , but it will still be a fairly big expense for a poor person before that threshold is reached . 
   do doctors treat you well ? 
  as well as you could reasonably expect them to . 
  the bigger issue is the sometimes outrageously long waiting times . 
   is universal healthcare worth the higher taxes you pay ? 
  well , it is certainly better than what you have in america . 
  because a refugee with permanent residency has greater incentive to integrate into society . 
  a refugee with temporary residency is nothing more than a very expensive guest and will most likely behave as such . 
  unfortunately it also has the undesirable side effect of giving potential asylum seekers more incentive to seek asylum in your country in particular over other countries where they would only get temporary residence . 
  we 're a lot smarter than you danes usually give us credit for . 
   this is hilarious . 
  time for scanian independence from the racists in stockholm ? 
  scania is and has always been the sweden democrats strongest region . 
  if one wishes to be blown away by artistic and architectural beauty that would be a very wise choice . 
  what a stereotypically stockholmish answer . 
  so it is true that you are all depressed and carry knives at all times ? 
  improperly garnered evidence is not admissible in court . 
  denmark has freedom of panorama only for buildings , not for works of art . 
  i do n't know what country the op is from , but it is spelt that way in some european languages . 
  would have been irrelevant if she did n't have a very large butt . 
  a woman with a very large butt . 
  apparently that is enough to become a global celebrity . 
  even better , * ukrainian * babes !, 
  funnily enough , there were some people who literally did what you mention . 
  since you mentioned water i could n't help but think of [ this painting ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/27/sommarn%c3%b6je_%281886%29%2c_akvarell_av_anders_zorn.jpg ) by anders zorn . 
  well it certainly would n't be the place to hide if the enemy was the germans ... 
  well , drilling a hole in it would make it completely unusable too . 
   use shred or drill a hole into hard disks before handing them over to another person . 
  do magnets still work ? 
   probably related to them ending the rule about always entering at the back and leaving by the front . 
  what was the logic of that ? 
  did people pay when they went off the bus ? 
  you 're just fucking around with us now , are n't you ? 
  it was mentioned in the most recent season of the swedish version of qi . 
  the fact that it is so useful for schools and their scheduling , which means every single school child will be exposed to it , pretty much guarantees that it will not go anywhere any time soon . 
  fun fact , danish children learn how to count later than swedish and norwegian children because of the stupidity of the number system . 
  it also takes danish children longer to learn basic mathematics for the same reason . 
  you might die suddenly from radiation poisoning after someone accidentally poked you with an umbrella . 
  in sweden you might say hello when you step on the bus . 
  saying thank you sounds very odd , though . 
  but actually using them , like saying `` we 'll do x , y , z , on wednesday week 38 '' instead of using the date like we do sometimes in sweden , especially at schools , is supposedly rare elsewhere . 
  each week has a number , a school teacher might tell his students that they 'll have a test week 12 , a business might say that their new shop opens week 40 and the traffic authority might say that a road will be closed for repairs from week 20 to 26 . 
  i 've been told that the way we use numbered weeks in sweden is very rare in other countries . 
  no , but it is n't unusual for businesses to look at a practice in a different field and see if they can apply it to their own . 
  well it seems to work for bars and nightclubs . 
  i never willingly listen to the radio , but the radio at work would suggest [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olzk_eweile ) was a hit . 
  i doubt a song about john guidetti got much air play in any other country . 
  otherwise the radio was dominated with the same dance-influenced pop and rnb that i presume most of europe listens to . 
  or trans-humanists having us alterend into something that would no longer be recognisable as human . 
  at least in the first picture they have a nice playground . 
  both are equally horrendous . 
   i enjoy having cities look modern and futuristic . 
  that 's what the people who initially designed these eyesores did as well . 
  pretty much run by the camorra , too . 
  dante 's lowest level of hell is frozen . 
  yes , for instance fred phelps and other members of the westboro baptist church have been banned from entering the uk . 
  people who hold extremist opinions or are otherwise deemed undesirable get denied entry to western european countries all the time . 
  italy have had women in combat roles for a while have n't they , or am i misremembering ? 
  it 's presumably because cohabitation without marriage is a very common thing in scandinavian countries . 
  it does n't make much sense to limit rules like that to married couples only , if half of all committed long-term couples who live together are n't married . 
  i 'm wondering if this would n't end up being cheaper than all the benefits given in a scandinavian welfare state , and more importantly , all the bureaucracy that is needed to administer them . 
  with this move finland could scrap disability insurance , student aid , children 's allowance , unemployment aid and any other form of welfare payment they may have , as well as scrapping all the administration costs associated with them . 
  i 'm really curious to see the maths behind it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sheriff_ ( company ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fc_sheriff_tiraspol, 
   there are actually far more racist attacks in western europe than eastern europe . 
  because there is nobody in eastern europe to attack . 
  yes , they did a great job of replacing one evil ideology with another . 
   that heat is essentially waste not if you live in northern europe and it 's winter . 
   also i read somewhere that women tend to like taller men because they make better `` protectors '' . 
  women like men who are tall , not men who are absolutely enormous like this gentleman was . 
  the advantages of being tall cuts off at somewhere around 200 cm , if you 're much taller than that you start getting treated like a circus act by most people .
