  the rate of natural blondes is meant to be pretty low . 
  50 % is far too high . 
   like this . 
  i see nothing wrong with that map !, 
  i 'm sorry , what country are you from ? 
  all i can see is sea between here and schleswig-holstein . 
  take a look at my flair and take a guess . 
  a cast-iron pan imparts flavour on the food cooked on it and gets better over time . 
  i would never consider using a non-stick pan for frying eggs , making pancakes or a steak , i want the smoky flavour that comes from a cast-iron pan . 
  they are n't difficult at all to clean either if you know what you 're doing . 
  honest answer ? 
  i do n't think about it at all . 
  that you have loaned from swedish . 
  citing french loanwords is playing on easy . 
  it 's like a third of the english language !, 
  ombudsman , smorgasbord , moped , snus , orienteering , lingonberry , tungsten and maybe two dozen more . 
  would n't you just reach for your famas ? 
  if someone deliberately initiates small talk with strangers they are clearly on the run from some kind of mental institution !, 
  call the police . 
  we have thousand island in sweden too , rhode island is somewhat similar but it is not the same . 
  not full dishes , but i 'm pretty sure there 's not going to be many americans who know what [ rhode island dressing ] ( http://www.felix.se/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/02753.jpg ) or [ boston cucumber ] ( http://www.felix.se/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/05084.jpg ) are . 
  both invented during the 1950 's when american things were seen as cool . 
   everyone , and i mean everyone here supports the welfare state and big government . 
  i do n't , at least not from a swedish perspective , and if you look beyond the official party line you 'll find plenty of members of the liberals and the centre party who are n't exactly in favour of the big welfare state , especially if you look at their youth wings . 
  finding a luf member who wants to pretty much abolish the government is n't that difficult . 
  then there is that fringe party that get about 1000 votes each election , the classical liberal party or something like that . 
  i 'm an ale man myself ( or , more correctly * i was * , as i do n't drink any more ) so i find all lager shitty by nature . 
  lake lugano in switzerland is the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen with my own eyes . 
   plus they love hockey !, 
  i take it you do too given your username !, 
  we do n't acknowledge that it exists at all . 
  it 's something i 've heard plenty of times from foreigners . 
  it 's not just us swedes though , it applies to scandinavians in general . 
  pff , name me one thing you czechs have to be smug about aside from pornography and shitty lager . 
  even your hockey players are n't any good any more !, 
  turnout does n't really have anything to do with being good . 
  it 's just the result of a highly representative voting system and very high levels of public trust . 
  people feel like they are represented , that their vote makes a difference and that who they vote for matters . 
  over the last 30 years turnout for general election has been around 80-90 % . 
  the referendums on the euro and eu membership had turnout in the same range . 
  make your mind up , are the us just as bad as russia , or are they not ? 
  since you agree that a world with russia as the dominant superpower would be worse off , then you must clearly see that the two are not comparable . 
  if you genuinely believe a world where russia was the dominant superpower would be dominated by democracies in the way that ours is then you are out of your fucking mind . 
  the united states is not a perfect country , but drawing some kind of equivalency between them and a country like russia is just fucking insanity . 
  the history of referendums in sweden is basically the history of why referendums suck . 
  i 'd only vote for a liberal candidate and those four are the only options . 
  i do n't know enough about any of them to make any judgement on the spot , so in this hypothetical scenario llr might end up as the least bad alternative . 
  as a liberal i 'd have to do some serious reading on the pros and cons of charles michel , lars l\u00f8kke rasmussen , xavier bettel and mark rutte before voting as there are no other liberal heads of state in the eu at the moment . 
  at first glance they all seem pretty underwhelming . 
  inom vallgraven and the directly adjacent areas in the centre of the city , \u00d6rgryte , hov\u00e5s / billdal , s\u00e4r\u00f6 etc. 
  inom vallgraven ( literally `` within the moat '' in english ) is the historical core of the city , \u00d6rgryte is an area of mostly detached houses and mansions close to the centre of the city , while hov\u00e5s / billdal and s\u00e4r\u00f6 are suburbs on the coast south of the city . 
  swedish society is relatively egalitarian though , you could have a multi-millionaire as your neighbour even in a lower middle class neighbourhood . 
  thin slices . 
  my favourite pizza the last few years has thin slices of tenderloin steak , bearnaise and eggs on it . 
  scanian is pretty much universally derided by everyone who is n't scanian themselves . 
  gutnish and people from gn\u00e4llb\u00e4ltet ( literally the whine belt ) also get a lot of derision . 
  used to have both membership and a season ticket back when i had a more reliable income . 
  the second greatest thing ever to come from finland , the greatest is obviously tutti frutti . 
  there 's a serious lack of people answering hamburgers in this thread . 
  nope , dental care is a separate system . 
  it 's free for children and young people , but the age limit depends on what region you live in . 
  in my region it is free until december 31st of the year you turn 24 , which i believe is the highest limit in the country . 
   `` the shoebox '' ( aka v70 ) is not the best selling model anymore , v60 is iirc . 
  [ the v70 was the highest selling car in the country last year . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/767jvur.png ) half of the top 10 are cars primarily sold as wagons , another is a compact suv . 
  even the golf and the cee 'd come in wagon versions and in the case of the latter i think it might even be the most popular version of it . 
   i think you 're blatantly wrong in your analysis , volvo is n't the biggest brand because we have the v70 , volvo is the best selling brand because with swedish and made for swedish climate . 
  half the non-volvo cars in the top 10 last year were similar large cars with similar characteristics . 
  basic nationalism is not enough to explain why we insist on buying cars that cost close to half a million kronor . 
  it 's not only that , we like bigger cars than most other europeans , we 're essentially the promised land of the station wagon . 
  the skoda octavia is really the only budget wagon around and the passat is basically the only mid-range option , both are in our top 10 . 
  if you want something the size of a v70 , which has been the best selling car in the country for over a decade , you basically only have options from the three german premium manufacturers . 
  we 're the only non-microstate in europe that favours a premium brand . 
  as a tyrant who denied his people the basic rights and liberties to which all of humanity is entitled , robbing them of their freedom of thought , expression , property and human dignity . 
  i 'm not talking about rural areas , and you 're reading the statistics wrong if you think places like \u00c5m\u00e5l are counted as rural areas . 
  the very statistics you link to say that almost a million people moved from one smaller urban area to another , which includes people moving to the suburbs around the major cities , and almost 400k moved straight to a major city , which is exactly the kind of population movement i am talking about . 
  and before you decide to keep arguing by pointing out that 370k moved from major cities to smaller ones , that number includes people moving from the city proper to adjacent suburbs , like a family leaving central gothenburg for kungsbacka . 
  [ have a look at a few of the places on this list ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/lista_\u00f6ver_sveriges_t\u00e4torter ) . 
  places like \u00c5m\u00e5l , olofstr\u00f6m , bengtsfors etc. 
  are slowly depopulating as old people die and young people move away . 
  only areas around the major cities and regional centres face any significant population growth , most of the inland , all the way from sk\u00e5ne right up to kiruna , is depopulating . 
  whenever i go for a drive through the inland i 'm always struck by how many towns i pass through where there seemingly has n't been a new house built in 30 years and many old houses and businesses stand abandoned . 
  that rural areas are n't decreasing further does not mean that people are n't moving from smaller towns to larger ones , many towns and small cities in the 2000 to 50000 inhabitant range face declining populations and almost all the others are completely stagnant as young people move to larger cities that offer better work and education opportunities . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a joke that 's several decades old . 
  det \u00e4r inte farten som d\u00f6dar , det \u00e4r sm\u00e4llen , eller som de s\u00e4ger i amerika , `` it 's not the fart that kills , it 's the smell '' . 
  a pun built upon the swedish words for speed ( fart ) and crash ( sm\u00e4ll ) are false friends with the english words fart and smell . 
  i 'm not currently but would like to be at some point . 
  almost certainly not going to happen in the next 10 years though . 
  well , for starters you can spend much more time at a cottage that you own than you feasibly can renting . 
  when i was young our family would spend close to two months per year at our cottage . 
  it also offers opportunity for hobbies like gardening , boating and diy stuff that travelling simply does not . 
  you 're right about sweden , the difference between the popularity of the centre party and the liberal party illustrates the divide pretty well . 
  both occupy about the same space in the centre of the political spectrum and the difference in support is almost entirely down to the urban/rural divide , with the historically agrarian centre party popular in rural areas but almost completely non-existent in urban areas , to the point that they do n't have a single council seat in either gothenburg or malm\u00f6 , while the liberal party is popular with academics and does well in cities but struggles in the countryside . 
  to illustrate it with maps : [ the liberal party 's results in the 2014 election by municipality ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/26/riksdagsvalet_2014_%28fp%29.png ) , they do n't make it past the electoral threshold at 4 % in most of the country , but get strong results in the three major urban areas around stockholm , gothenburg and western sk\u00e5ne , and [ the results of the centre party in the same election ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/riksdagsvalet_2014_%28c%29.png ) , polling around 8-20 % in most rural areas but doing poorly in the three big urban areas . 
  nationwide the popularity of the liberal party in urban areas was enough to get them to 5.42 % , while the rural popularity of the centre party only amounted to 6.11 % of the national vote . 
  swedish law demands that the dead be buried in hallowed ground . 
  as a result of that all swedish residents pay a burial tax which ranges from 0.07 % to 0.76 % depending on municipality and goes to the church of sweden in 288 out of 290 municipalities , as only the municipalities of stockholm and tran\u00e5s maintain their own cemeteries . 
  they are aligned with the `` socialist '' block now though , which goes against the point in your other post . 
  politics is a messy business , and liberalism as an ideology does n't really slot in well into the usual left-right model , the fact that denmark has three different liberal parties split between the two blocks and scattered over the political spectrum based on which issues they prioritise the most is a great illustration of that .
