  completely off topic , but i love those old green and white police vehicles . 
  shame germany changed to the dull silver and blue ones . 
  a * trolling right there . 
  the republicans have won !, 
  either way , i think it is safe to say that 329,100 people is more than enough . 
  it 's funny how much of a difference something as small as having free school lunch can impact a culture . 
  we eat proper lunches because that 's what we 've been doing all our lives , the norwegians eat sandwiches because that 's what they 've done from the time they started school . 
   is it just different lyrics ? 
  yes . 
  fun fact , the man who wrote it has written three different sets of official lyrics for the anthem over a span of 60 years . 
   but as a biggest anti-fan of modernist architecture hadid was a post-modernist architect . 
  modernist architecture fell out of fashion 30 years ago , and if you had even the slightest idea of what you were talking about , you would never mistake the two . 
  bears are catholic and the pope shits in the woods . 
  i actually like most of them . 
  so basically , support for easing up the abortion laws are strongest with people who were young when abortion was still legal in poland ? 
  if anything the expectation that couples should be married to have children has a detrimental effect on fertility in the modern world . 
  the nordic countries where marriage is falling out of fashion and cohabitation is both popular and entirely uncontroversial have much higher total fertility rates than more conservative european countries like italy or poland . 
  i 'd be fluent if you motherfuckers would just spell everything the way it is pronounced . 
  with all due respect to the sj-sound , what really sets us apart from other germanic languages is the [ pitch accent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitch_accent#norwegian_and_swedish ) . 
  trying to tell the difference between tomten and tomten , or anden and anden must be absolute hell for non-native speakers . 
  linden tree . 
  berg is mountain , str\u00f6m is stream and both qvist ( spelled kvist in modern swedish ) and gren mean branch . 
  there are four different forms of swedish surnames , patronymics are the most common , while the second most common are compound names , that combine the words for two natural objects to form a name . 
  the various lind-names are the most common form of compound name . 
   by 2080 , sweden will be majority foreign background . 
  in some hypothetical scenario where immigrants never ever assimilate . 
  by 2080 , a significant part of the current % of people with foreign background wo n't be `` of foreign background '' any more , unless you think the great and great-great grandchildren of people who came here 100-120 years prior would still be `` of foreign background '' . 
  all the immigrants from the first big wave in the 1960s and early 70s will be dead by 2080 , as will most of their children . 
  same goes for the refugee waves caused by the iranian revolution , the iran-iraq war , the jugoslav wars and the gulf war , as well as the smaller waves from former warsaw pact countries . 
  that 's more than half of the current foreign-born population . 
  and in great irony considering the theme of this thread , the link you posted lists sweden as the least antisemitic country in europe . 
  top quality eye cancer , right there . 
   does that straight have heavy maritime traffic or something ? 
  yes . 
  it is the main passageway from the baltic sea to the north sea . 
  the only other routes , great belt and little belt , are already bridged . 
   in germany they measure the genitals how german of them ... 
  poland is the only of those countries that has its own domestic professional league . 
  [ this is their team ] ( http://www.eliteprospects.com/team.php?team=11296&amp;status=stats ) mostly russian names on it . 
  you also invented bandy . 
  the pucks the nhl use are made somewhere in quebec though . 
  european tree of the year 2015 !, 
  why does zealand have a much higher rate than the rest of denmark ? 
  copenhagen drug wars ? 
  you could buy two andros townsends for that . 
  that 's almost certainly what it is . 
   why , that 's because we 're the master race , did n't you know ? 
  cecil rhodes would approve of your post . 
  it 's often said that sweden and denmark have fought more wars against each other than any other nations . 
  [ sweden 6-5 finland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjy-6bkppq0 ), 
  not illegal , just generally frowned upon and considered poor journalistic practice . 
  looks like a normal norwegian small town to me . 
  are you writing to us from the past ? 
  yes . 
  the second language is obviously scots , which he claims to know because he once skimmed through a couple of chapters of * trainspotting * . 
  it competes with bandy and floorball for the position as the third most popular team sport behind football and hockey . 
  it had a pretty firm hold on the position as the third most popular during the bengan boys era in the 1990s , but it has lost popularity since then . 
  ultimately it 's a question of critical mass . 
  if there is n't enough people to sustain a segregated community immigrants have no choice but to integrate themselves into the native community . 
  and seemingly hate living next to irish people . 
  welcome to the jolly world of populists !, 
  what kind of garbage `` news source '' is that ? 
  i see you went with obscure over popular . 
  if we focus on sports that are actually popular i think both [ bandy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bandy ) and [ floorball ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/floorball ) are worth mentioning . 
  among the five most popular team sports in the country and not particularly popular elsewhere . 
  russia is really the only other country where bandy is popular and the floorball world basically consists of four countries . 
  the red army faction still exists ? 
  well , as they say , opinions are like assholes ... 
  film of the year , imo . 
  lets not forget about the butthurt ointment , shall we ? 
  why ca n't these losers just stick to their own mythology instead of stealing ours ? 
  you 're both dense . 
  sd = social democrats , he 's talking about the graph in the link / u/loudshell posted that clearly neither of you have actually bothered to look at . 
  that would completely undermine the point . 
  i want us to develop our own space industry and fund our own universities and aerospace companies , i am not the least bit interested in using our money to subsidise the competition . 
  i 'd gladly pay an esa tax if it means we could beat the americans and the chinese to mars . 
  glad to see that we are at least trying to carry out manned space flights on our own though !, 
  you just could n't help yourself , could you ? 
  yeah , the media is so incredibly powerful that ~ 20 % of the population now support a political party that aftonbladet considers to be worse than hitler . 
  your evil leftist cabal has clearly been effective at stamping out dissent and silencing critics . 
  it 's really amusing to watch you effectively argue that the greatest threat to the freedom of the press is the press itself . 
  charlie hebdo itself is a far-left publication . 
  and to answer your question , i do not see why a satire magazine would struggle with publishing when actual nazis have no trouble with publishing their works in sweden . 
  yeah sure , who controls the editorial page of aftonbladet is clearly more important than who actually writes the fucking laws . 
  and your comment did ? 
  the people who suggest what you talk about represent fringe parties with no access to power , the people / u/stiffori mention run their countries . 
  your comment disproved absolutely nothing of what he said . 
  and in 2016 authoritarian right wing parties posses more power in europe than their left wing equivalents . 
  / u/stiffori mentioned five european countries that are actually governed by right wing authoritarians and was met with a wave of downvotes and angry replies about how it 's really the left wing fringe parties who are far from power that are the real threat to free speech . 
  i did n't know that fi and the left party were in the swedish government . 
  til . 
  many of the people who went over to the united states during the era of mass emigration actually did come back to sweden . 
  there 's no english-language equivalent to the word vaska though . 
  i feel bad for laughing out loud when i read your post !, 
  i see two belgian flags . 
  [ you are seriously underestimating the power of male sexual frustration . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_isla_vista_killings ), 
  because any `` good '' faction that may have existed at the start of the civil war has been effectively wiped out by now . 
  fighting on multiple fronts against dozens of numerically superior opponents quickly takes its toll . 
  fight for long enough and only the fanatics will remain .
