  first rule of travelling outside of scandinavia : do n't drink the tap water . 
  and they used to drive around in armoured military vehicles instead of cars . 
  denmark is n't actually shit . 
  good luck getting past our submarines . 
  pfft , that white elephant was built by the dutch !, 
  cool . 
  you do n't see people doing a jump from a helicopter every day . 
  i do n't believe the swedish navy operates any ships bigger than a corvette . 
  holland . 
  it 's only known as nederl\u00e4nderna in very , very formal circumstances . 
  the swedish result on the question about jews certainly does n't fit the recent media narrative . 
  and what 's up with finland and black people ? 
  the russian minority in finland is clearly oppressed !, 
  and it is where the english word meme comes from . 
  i do n't like the flairs at all , to be honest . 
  i do n't see the need for them . 
  when it comes to coke i 'm not sure it is n't harmful to others , and i guess that 's part of why i find it so sickening . 
  i mean , the act itself is n't , but middle class types casually having a few lines at dinner parties is what fuels an industry that corrupts entire countries and causes tremendous suffering for millions of people around the world . 
  i realise the heroin trade is n't pretty , but in that case most users suffer from an illness which , at least to me , clears them of guilt . 
  i have a really hard time giving some business student or tv presenter who uses cocaine `` because it 's a fuckin ' good buzz , innit ?! '', 
  the same benefit . 
  i do n't think it should be illegal , but i do n't feel sad when these people get caught . 
  i guess they hit some perfect mix of qualities and attitudes i find really unsympathetic . 
  the man is n't a rational , healthy human being , that 's been painfully obvious for a long time . 
  i 'm generally a pretty liberal guy and i am in favour of decriminalisation , heroin-assisted treatment and pretty much every other kind of harm reduction that sends the anti-drug types into a frenzy , but for some reason i still get sick to my stomach when i hear about people 's casual cocaine use . 
  it 's just wrong , somehow . 
  you can , but it is extremely risky . 
  gotland , probably . 
  shit , i need to find myself some champagne !, 
  there 's going to be a lot of people regretting their decisions if it does n't , i can tell you that much . 
  rent-control is awful . 
  i hope they change their mind . 
  the had a fairly large amount of immigration from lebanon and syria in the early 20th century , iirc . 
  most were christian though . 
  they better get those new aircraft carriers finished quickly !, 
  danish venstre 's conservative liberal ideology kind of isolates them from other scandinavian liberal parties . 
  there 's a conservative liberal faction in the swedish liberal people 's party , but beyond that venstre have more in common with liberal conservative parties like the moderate party in sweden or the conservative party in norway . 
  it 's something like the 5th most popular club in france . 
  i almost never use the swedish version of wikipedia either , but there are some areas where the swedish version is much more comprehensive . 
  http://www.dzs.hr/eng/censuses/census2011/results/htm/e01_01_04/e01_01_04_rh.html 31,500 bosniaks and 17,500 albanians . 
  that 's just over ~ 1 % of the croatian population, 
  for anyone browsing through the image gallery and wondering what a `` criminal rocker '' is , it 's the danish terminology for a biker gang . 
  china has the [ hui ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hui_people ) and [ uyghurs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uyghurs ) who are muslim . 
  bosniaks make up more than 1 % of the croatian population , surely ? 
  because before socialism became a thing in the late 19th century , liberals were the `` left '' , opposed to conservatives who were the `` right '' . 
  the liberal party in norway is also named venstre . 
  i really like copenhagen . 
  it 's a shame it 's inhabited by danes . 
  denmark , because copenhagen is absolutely beautiful . 
  you should go to the national museum , entry is free of charge and it has some pretty cool historical artefacts , like the [ seiklos epitaph ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seikilos_epitaph ) , with the oldest known musical notation in the world . 
  the impressive christiansborg palace that houses the danish parliament is just a stone 's throw away from the national museum and is also worth a visit . 
  nyhavn is supposedly very nice in the summer , but i 've only been to copenhagen in the winter as an adult so i would n't know . 
  tivoli is popular for some reason , i have no idea why . 
  while there 's some moderately interesting sights in jutland , i would n't recommend going anywhere that is n't copenhagen . 
  oh , and danish beer sucks , do n't drink it . 
  that 's only if your parents are members of the church though , right ? 
  ca n't imagine catholic or muslim danes being very happy about that otherwise . 
  to make latvia jealous ? 
  welcome to the daily mail . 
  haha take that denmark !!!, 
  this unfortunate situation exists because most european railways were designed in a time long before european integration was a consideration . 
   greece has little to none industry . 
  agriculture is technically an industry . 
  do you keep some sort of register of the sexual preferences of / r/europe ? 
  life is only as fun as you choose to make it . 
   umm , well , what about wearing a tie over a bare chest ? 
  what are you , some kind of homosexual ? 
  unless you are an american citizen . 
  there 's some fuckery going on with that picture . 
   perhaps if foreign people were more evenly distributed across the city , the general attitude toward immigration would be different . 
  or integration would work better . 
  finally a politician i can identify with !, 
  your children will never forgive you otherwise !, 
  that 's one of the very highest in europe , so yes , it does work . 
  because russia . 
  it 's been posted like 6 times already . 
  banning fully-autonomous weaponry should be the highest priority in international law right now , because once they are out there it will likely be impossible to ever get rid of them . 
   the uefa , which is supporting prince ali is just as bad . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it may be a highly flawed organisation , but it is absolutely not close to fifa 's level . 
  they could even hire you to shitpost propaganda comics !, 
  briefly . 
  a long time ago . 
  it was also part of the swedish empire for a while . 
  clearly boar hunting is the most decisive issue in polish politics . 
  not just once , it was east sweden for 700 years . 
  swedish history and finnish history from about 1100 until 1809 are the same . 
  estonia does n't have anywhere near that kind of historical connection to any of the nordic countries . 
  the more important question is , why should we ? 
  i 'd do naughty things to sophie turner . 
  how many were there 6 months ago ? 
  romani lawyers and doctors usually hide their origins too . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i have some nice goulash i would have offered you . 
  as a german you 're one to talk !, 
  [ i 'm sorry , you were saying ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t6ps2iec24 ), 
  you guys just sold your tanks . 
  i think we win this one !, 
  no , i think you did that to yourself first .
