  getting a budget through parliament relies on having either the support of the majority , or the opposition respectfully declining to vote , which was the established convention before sd decided to stir up a mess last year . 
  failure to pass a budget results in a snap election . 
  basically , there 's no chance of sd ever forming a government with anything less than 50.1 % of the votes . 
   money does n't have to do with happiness in children money is n't that important for happiness for adults either . 
   `` regarding the jews ' situation in europe : the muslims are continuing where hitler left off . 
  ** only the same treatment hitler received will change the situation . 
  ** '' that 's his tweet in english . 
  the part at the end that i highlighted could easily be interpreted as inciting violence , which is likely why he was fined . 
  i do n't believe there is any european country that considers incitement to violence to be protected free speech . 
  i personally find the ban on incandescent light bulbs incredibly frustrating , but that 's not a health and safety issue . 
  honestly if you 're just travelling for pleasure you do n't really need to know anything beyond english . 
  what are you learning the language for ? 
  well they ca n't sell something cheaply if their production costs are high . 
  that 's the whole point of the article . 
  alright , the dictionary my classmates found it in translated it as ass-licker , which is an insult in swedish . 
   a steep decline in the rouble has hammered russian carmakers by driving up the cost of the foreign parts they rely on the very first line of the article . 
   i did n't know being a criminal is hereditable . 
  i believe the current answer to that in the scientific community is maybe . 
  kidnapping for ransom happens in the developed world , but it is very rare , mostly because it is a stupid , overly complicated crime with harsh punishments and an incredibly low success rate . 
  it 's almost impossible for a ransom kidnapper to avoid being caught . 
  [ oh malaga is wonderful . 
  it 's full of tits , fanny and the english . 
  oh malaga is wonderful !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqzjr-evidc ), 
  is lamerculo an insult someone who speaks spanish would actually use ? 
  i studied spanish as a third language for four years in primary school and that 's just about the only thing i remember at this point , aside from how to order a beer . 
   with scottish english ( or is it just an accent ? , pardon my ignorance ) there 's scots , which is a language of its own , then there is scottish english which is a variant of english with pronunciation and vocabulary influenced by scots ( words like * wee * for little , * bairn * for child etc. ), 
  it also looks absolutely horrendous in written form . 
   they sound so funny , even when they are mad !, 
  you should try listening to norwegian !, 
  it 's like english , but better !, 
  i 'd gladly sell you the house i live in for that . 
  music , film and tv . 
  true story : when morrissey released his autobiography he did his only book signing at a bookshop in gothenburg . 
  renting a room in one those would have been a significant improvement compared to how many lived before they were built . 
  the political discussions are absolutely toxic , but i mostly stay away because i find it boring , most of my countrymen do n't share any of my interests and english-language sites offer much better opportunities for discussion . 
  other than the occasional visit to / r/sweden i avoid the `` swedish '' internet like the plague . 
  i get the feeling / u/vaernil probably has n't watched * the wire * . 
  [ nsfw . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lelf7d-an8 ), 
  turkey would instantly become the classiest country in the world if all turkish males started dressing like a 1920s gentleman . 
  only a socialist could argue that people no longer starving to death would somehow be a bad thing . 
  i think this comment chain has run its course . 
   i respectfully disagree , that 's the kind of thing the people earning most money would want you to believe . 
  it is what actual evidence is showing . 
  the level of absolute poverty in the world has never been lower and it looks like the end of absolute poverty on a global scale may come within our lifetimes . 
  it is an absolutely beautiful thing that was only made possible by the market economy . 
   i prefer to think that you should n't assume what people are like and just implement whatever works best for everyone involved . 
  that would still be capitalism . 
  no system in human history has improved living standards so much for so many as capitalism has . 
  the fundamentals of liberal democracy and the market economy have freed billions of people from the shackles of poverty and the suffering of starvation . 
  tony blair might want to avoid liverpool for the rest of his life . 
  liberal capitalism is built upon the idea that most people are not selfish asshats , the central assumption of socialism . 
  capitalism correctly predicts that most people will actually help others out of the kindness of their hearts , whereas socialism assumes the less fortunate can only be helped by stealing from the more fortunate under gunpoint , since it thinks all people are inherently greedy and selfish , which is an absolutely perverse way of viewing humanity . 
  there is nothing noble about stealing the fruit of other peoples labour . 
  the original plans for gothenburg were drawn by dutch planners , they supposedly re-used the same plans for jakarta in indonesia . 
  do eet now !, 
  they ca n't defeat europe through any methods . 
  [ according to the local newspaper , the two deceased were a mother and her adult son ] ( http://vlt.se/nyheter/vasteras/1.3103459-mor-och-son-offer-for-vansinnesdad ) , they were not from the area and were visiting as tourists . 
  it is not believed that they fought back and it remains unclear how the injured suspect acquired his injuries . 
  folk music , guinness , father ted , good craic , hiberno-english and my irish mates . 
  the only goods domestic african businesses are capable of delivering competitively are not traded on a free market . 
  african countries are held back by the protectionist measures developed nations still enforce . 
  because the legal system works on the presumption of innocence . 
  in sweden the media generally consider it good journalistic practise to respect that . 
  the police have a suspect in custody . 
  there 's a quote in the article that says he was not previously known by the police , otherwise no information has been released . 
   this section is based on surveys from visitors of this website . 
  what a great way to compile meaningful statistical data !, 
  irish people of / r/europe , what is your personal favourite irish folk song ? 
  i found this bit when i was looking him up on wikipedia :  he later married chilean exile claudia bracchita in 1987 , with whom he had three sons . 
  following a disagreement over whether or not to send their son ben to a grammar school -- corbyn opposes selection at 11 -- the couple divorced in 1999 . 
  i do n't think a man who divorces his wife over a fairly minor political conviction is the kind of man who would start compromising his beliefs to win office . 
   like when you go to wild beach and there is literally no one 100 meters around you and then some czech tourists come and literally settle down 0.5 metres from you . 
  i mean wtf . 
  same thing happens if you park somewhere in an empty car park . 
  it 's just deeply rooted human behaviour . 
   i 'm not sure what is more detached from reality in that sentence , the london prices of housing or her estimation of what medium salary is . 
  to defend her somewhat , medical doctor is traditionally considered an upper-middle class profession . 
  swedish alcohol tax is primarily based on the alcohol percentage , so shit beers and shit wines can still be cheap . 
  cheap boxed wines seem to be the drink of choice for more subtle alcoholics in sweden . 
   what if i do n't want to contribute to society ? 
  then you are a class-enemy in need of re-education , obviously . 
  since the author seems to be some kind of naive eco-socialist , i presume he thought his cims would grow their own food in their gardens . 
  i love that the guy comes to the conclusion that it is the game , and not his ridiculous ideology , that is broken . 
  the church of sweden ( lutheran ) was the official state church until 2000 , when church and state were officially separated , though the constitution still demands that the monarch and the royal family must be * of the pure evangelical faith * ( ie the church of sweden ) and the tax authority still collects church taxes from members of the church of sweden and other religious movements that have applied for their assistance . 
  another curiosity is that swedish law demands that all deceased be buried in hallowed ground , so the tax authority collect burial taxes from all citizens . 
  in all but two municipalities the burial taxes are given to the church of sweden who are responsible for providing and maintaining burial places , even for non-members . 
  politically the christian democratic party acts as a voice for the protestant free churches ( pentecostals , baptists etc. 
  ) , as well as other christians with religiously influenced conservative political views ( conservative members of the otherwise * very * liberal church of sweden , catholics , middle eastern christians etc. ), 
  but on a european scale they are very moderate for a christian democratic party , not openly opposing free abortion for example . 
  aside from them religion does n't really play much of a role in our politics , the church of sweden never really deviate too much from the general public opinion and the other religious denominations are too small to have any significant voice in the political debate . 
  overall religion has very little importance to most swedes life , most polls put the number of actively religious people at less than 20 % of the population . 
  free church members and immigrants tend to be the only people in sweden who consider religion a key part of their lives . 
  edit : since religious education in schools was mentioned in other posts : in sweden we have comparative religion classes in school , where the basic thoughts of the major world religions are discussed . 
  the only word that matters in any language . 
  sk\u00e5l !, 
  in terms of origin , possibly , especially when you consider that the french nationality is a relatively modern construct , but on the other hand france has a very dominant culture that drowns out the diversity . 
  countries that have a lot of immigrants without having one dominant local culture like belgium or switzerland are probably more diverse . 
   the only city on earth like it is new york .
