of disgust !, 
  the greens here in sweden advocated the idea of citizen 's income ( * medborgarl\u00f6n * ) for a while . 
  they got crushed by both the media and the other political parties for suggesting it . 
  basic income would replace welfare payments , not the entire welfare state . 
  medical treatment would still be funded through taxes . 
   the flow has stopped until a couple of refugees bring a few ladders and a carpet or two . 
  the law here was changed a few years ago so that all new mortgages require a 15 % down payment . 
  you can still loan that 15 % though if you do n't have stacks of cash laying around , just not on your mortgage . 
  i think these threads tend to attract a very particular crowd , one that really only cares about immigrants and likes to stroke their own backs . 
  they like to cry about their freedom of speech being limited , but their recent embrace of orban makes it very clear they are only interested in freedom of speech when it protects their own opinions . 
  it does mean that essential universal rights , like freedom of the press , the freedom of association and the freedom of assembly , as well as the rule of law , can not be violated . 
  viktor orban likes none of those things , and has worked diligently to limit them in hungary , being particularly successful with limiting press freedom . 
  with reservations . 
   is finding housing in gothenburg a challenge or can it be done ? 
  very easy if you 're willing to buy . 
  on the other hand renting first-hand through the official queue usually takes years . 
  second-hand rates can be extortionate . 
  having spent the last half-decade consolidating his power and dismantling liberal democracy in his home country , viktor orban poses a greater threat to the european way of life than these refugees ever will . 
  probably . 
  tablets and smartphones really had to fuck everything up , did n't they ? 
  power prices during winters with low water-levels can become quite unpleasant . 
  inconsistency is one of the main issues with most forms of renewable energy , whether it is hydro , wind or solar they are all affected by weather conditions that influence production . 
  one of the big selling points of nuclear is that it produces at a consistent level , at least in theory . 
  `` al-qaeda chief makes public plea in desperate attempt to remain relevant . '', 
  and things are unlikely to change as the only party unreservedly in favour of nuclear power is hovering just above 4 % in the opinion polls . 
   what 's wrong with hydropower ? 
  it 's unpredictable , low water-levels lead to decreased production and shortages . 
  we 're pretty much maxed out already and ca n't produce much more . 
  sweden is fairly expensive , but there are many things that are paid for through taxes here that you 'd have to pay for yourself in many other european countries . 
  it should be cheaper than switzerland though . 
  as for isolation , you can fly to most of western europe from landvetter airport , the rest of the world is easily accessible through connecting flights from stockholm or copenhagen . 
  there are plenty of terrible jobs that can not be carried out by robots , and many jobs generally considered rewarding and prestigious that will come under threat from artificial intelligence in the near future . 
  some jobs are a lot easier to replace than others . 
  simple , predictable and highly repetitive tasks can easily be carried out by machines , while work with a lot of variation and a high degree of randomness will be near impossible for machines to carry out . 
  i remember an interview with michio kaku i saw on the discovery channel maybe half a decade ago where he brought up the fact that robots lack of common sense will limit their effectiveness in many lines of work for the foreseeable future , even with something as simple as waste disposal . 
  it will be difficult for a robot to replace a bin man because something like a rubbish bin being over-full or turned over would pose an impossible problem for the robot , but easily solved by a human thanks to common sense . 
  yep . 
  gun dealers down there apparently have so many of them that they give them away for free . 
  gothenburg . 
  all the amenities of a capital city , but without the attitude or real estate prices . 
  plus , you 'd be a short tram-ride away from one of europe 's most beautiful coastal areas and [ there are several hiking trails that can be reached by local bus ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gothenburg/comments/3im38s/best_hiking_places_within_an_hour_of_gbg/ ) . 
  as far as parenting goes , there 's probably no country in the world that 's better for parents than sweden . 
  subsidised daycare , very generous parental leave and a whole lot of other social programs make life easier for parents . 
  i realise sweden has developed something of a reputation of anti-semitism internationally , [ but it may be something that is overblown by the media ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20140514/swedes-ranked-least-anti-semitic-in-europe ) . 
  anti-semitism here is mostly limited to the segregated suburbs , places you and your wife would have no reason to visit . 
  beyond those areas you would n't face anything you are n't already experiencing in amsterdam . 
  i remember once when i was having a driving lesson in the city , i encountered a somali family at a pedestrian crossing who seemed to really struggle with the concept of traffic lights . 
  the lady and her children stood still waiting by the light at a refuge island in the middle of the street while the pedestrian light was green , she then started walking into the street with her children when the light switched to red . 
  i shall go to the bakery and pick the least french bread i can find to celebrate !, 
  ironically i do n't think it has even actually aired on german tv yet . 
  elaborate please . 
  you just ca n't help but run out of words for this sort of thing . 
  reminds me of ian watkins , who somehow convinced two mothers to let him abuse their children . 
  my own . 
  i would have appreciated this when i worked as a travelling salesman . 
  the supposed 8 hour days often ended up being 12 or 13 hours long instead . 
  it gets boring explaining the same things over and over again to people who refuse to accept any explanation aside from `` mooooslem rapists !!!!, 
  ! 111 '' the sweden rape myth is the new version of the sweden suicide myth . 
  i think you 're the one who does n't understand democracy . 
  americans are very nice individually , but i 've learnt from the big default subs here on reddit that they are absolutely insufferable as a group . 
  and the presidential candidates are all turd sandwiches , fptp is awful . 
  lucky bastards !, 
  do n't you have ticks in spain ? 
  home of kakha kaladze , temuri ketsbaia , zurab khizanishvili and shota arveladze . 
  they are stateless palestinian refugees who lived in syria , and they have small children . 
  the article explains the positions of the alliance partners , since the changed stance from c and kd alters the stance of the partnership , and it also briefly mentions what the government thinks , because most political articles will . 
  it ignores the sweden democrats and the left party because their opinions are not relevant to the topic of the article . 
  the swedish police usually kill the perp in situations like this one . 
  thankfully knife-wielding , angry men threatening the public are a rare occurrence . 
   why do they even bring the subject up if they still do n't know the suspect 's identity/motive ? 
  because rt are propagandistic shitposters . 
  russia are more belligerent now than they have been for a very long time and people associated with the russian government have made some veiled threats recently that i do n't think they ever would have made during the cold war . 
  we 've also spent the last 20 years cutting defence-spending and orienting our military away from national defence in favour of international operations , so this recent russian `` heel-turn '' took many of us by surprise , especially our political leadership , and has left us in a position where we would be incapable of defending ourselves . 
  that has left us in a position where support for nato membership has been hitting record highs in opinion polls . 
   what would they have to gain ? 
  i could be wrong but sweden is already pretty integrated with nato as it is . 
  ending the charade of neutrality and actually getting a real guarantee that nato will come to our defence in case of attack would be a huge deal . 
  in our current situation we would be entirely dependent on nato 's good will if we were attacked . 
  i do n't think for a second that nato would risk a war with russia if `` concerned citizens '' and green men started showing up on gotland if we do n't have the protections offered by article 5 . 
   i think improving sweden 's military might be more helpful . 
  we could increase our military budget tenfold and we still would n't be able to defend ourselves against russian aggression . 
  either way , finding support for nato membership will be much easier than to find support for significantly increased military spending . 
  that 30 % support for nato membership is likely mostly alliance voters already . 
  there 's really rigid guidelines for each grade level , which does n't leave very much room for the teachers to make their own interpretations . 
   how to guarantee grades are fair comparing to other schools and teachers ? 
  if you 're unhappy with your grades and think it 's your teacher is wrong you can ask to have a different teacher look at your material . 
  if you 're still unhappy with your grade after that you can pay 500 kr to take an exam on the entire subject . 
  i do n't think the jazidis and christians who make it to europe will ever want to go back , to be honest . 
  i think many muslim syrians will go home if the civil war ends swiftly though , but the longer the war drags out the more likely they are to stay . 
  the eritreans who come here are probably here to stay though , the batshit crazy government they have down there will likely remain in power for a long-ass time . 
  when the syrian civil war ends and the eritrean government is replaced by one that does n't see conscription as a great way of acquiring slaves . 
  primary school students and their parents usually compare gymnasiums based on a combination of reputation and the average grade required for entry , politicians and the media will sometimes bring up the percentage of students who fail core courses or fail to graduate as well . 
  i personally interpret an exam as a large test taken at the end of a course that determines the final grade . 
  a test would generally refer to something smaller , testing only a single section of the course , or parts of a section of the course . 
   if you dont use exams how are you going to choose who 's competent enough for a university or good enough to be able to do the job of his choice ? 
  grades based on body of work . 
  if you want an a in a subject you 'll have to get an a on each test and assignment throughout the course . 
  i obviously ca n't compare it to systems based on exams , but my impression is that it encourages learning over cramming and does n't overwhelm the students with the kind of pressure many exams seem to produce . 
  you get graded based on your body of work , so if you want an a in a subject you 'll have to get an a on each test and assignment throughout the course . 
  the swedish school system is messed up in many ways , but the one thing i think we 've actually have gotten right is that we do n't use exams .
