  i almost bet 100kr on michael laudrup as pm at one point , i do n't know a thing about danish politics , but those 1000-1 odds were hard to resist !, 
  threats like this are nothing but even more justification for joining nato . 
  it still negates the effectiveness of voting for a liberal party if every action of the government is reliant on the support of anti-liberal parties . 
  every attempt at a liberal reform would get shut down immediately . 
  my thought as a swede is that i 'd hate voting in denmark , not because i could n't find a party that represents my views , but because regardless of what i voted for the party would still end up in a government with either nationalists or communists . 
  unless the hungarians intend to arm the fence with [ sm-70 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sm-70 ) mines , i do n't think there will be anything stopping them from going * through * the fence . 
  assuming the user is a man , he could have erectile dysfunction . 
   we can only transcend this useless back-and-forth if we tone down our obsession with gender politics and discuss rights as something humans have as a whole and not something confined to a particular gender . 
  amen , brother !, 
  the sooner this current societal obsession with identity politics dies out the better . 
  there has definitely been a lot of apathy from men towards rape victims historically , especially for non-assault rape victims , and that apathy still exists to some degree in some circles but it has largely been changed thanks to public debate and altered social attitudes . 
  since the subject of male rape is still largely taboo , attitudes have n't changed nearly as fast in that area , and it will naturally be more difficult for women to understand or feel empathy towards the victims ( that an erection is n't necessarily voluntary wo n't be as apparent to someone who does n't have a penis , for instance ) , and lets not forget that a lot of men , probably a majority in most places , still dismiss female-on-male rape as something that simply ca n't happen . 
  basically i do n't think it is fair to suggest women are * worse * than men . 
  my point was that they are fully capable of being just as uncaring and lacking in empathy towards things they do n't really understand as men , even if they are generally seen as being more supportive , more caring and showing more empathy than we do . 
  for the record , i did n't downvote him . 
  women can be just as ruthless as men , unfortunately . 
  erections are an involuntary physical response . 
  that you have an erection does n't meant that you are horny or that you are giving consent to sex . 
  in addition to that , it 's just as possible for a woman to take advantage of a heavily intoxicated man as it is for a man to do the same to a woman . 
   edit : guys , this was a valid and serious question i had , not some sort of trolling . 
  you can stop with the downvotes or i 'll delete it and leave you circlejerking about male rape . 
  you 're getting downvotes because it 's a rather ignorant question , even if it is genuine and serious . 
  fptp people will blame the bazillion different political parties and the loose coalitions they have to form for italy 's problems . 
  well there is and there is n't . 
  cultural geography is a thing . 
  haha , love that the most upvoted swedish thread is in r\u00f6varspr\u00e5ket !, 
   any system that introduces additional candidates that were n't directly elected and accountable for a specific region , is introducing a political class climbing up party lists . 
  yes , because there 's totally not a political class already running things in the uk , fptp has * really * protected them from that ...  i get that everyone has their own views , but this is n't a simply right/wrong , good/bad issue . 
  democracy is an absolute good , fptp voting , as well as the argument you 're using to defend it , are shamelessly undemocratic . 
  i 'm not disputing that , i 'm just pointing out why nobody would come to clegg 's defence . 
  i 'd go as far as to say that someone like nick clegg is the ideal target for shameless smear campaigns like that , disliked by many and with very few passionate supporters . 
  nick clegg was n't ( and still is n't ) a very popular man . 
  fptp is n't the only system that elects local representatives , and virtually every alternative system results in fairer results and better representation . 
  i will celebrate this day by not eating h\u00e1karl , just like the other 364 days of the year !, 
  italy is undoubtedly an example the fptp-crowd will use to argue that pr is awful and does n't work . 
  it 's there as a joke . 
  i do n't think victim is the right word in this case . 
  the deceased would be a more accurate word . 
   but learning english will allow you to communicate with all three countries . 
  you 've clearly never been to italy . 
  but it 's a much less common practice . 
  in sweden at least a quarter of all advertising is done in english and virtually all new products get english or faux-english names . 
  once you start talking about work-force immigration you 'll see plenty of lo ( and s ) representatives crawl out of their dungeons to shout loudly about salary dumping and derka durr . 
   people from sk\u00e5ne ( like / u/ratatosk123 ) are usually much better at understanding danish , but they also do n't speak proper swedish and can sometimes be really hard to understand for other swedes . 
  scanian is just as proper swedish as any other dialect . 
  what you see on tv is always the truth !, 
  the funny thing is that when studies are carried out on that kind of thing , the overwhelming majority say they prefer advertisements in the local language . 
  you can actually tell the difference between the people who learned english mostly through swedish schools and the people who learned it mostly through the media based on whether they speak british english or american english . 
  i am willing to agree that someone who studies a foreign language formally will often have a better understanding of grammar than a native speaker , but i absolutely disagree about vocabulary . 
  just look at someone like mike tyson , how many `` fluent '' esl speakers do you think know what words like impetuous and impregnable mean ? 
  mike tyson is essentially a self-described idiot with barely any formal schooling , yet he displays an incredible variety of vocabulary every time he opens his mouth , much greater than i 've ever heard from any second-language speaker . 
  the use of english in advertising and the media annoys me as well , especially pretend-english . 
  fancy-schmancy marketing people in sweden are apparently so good at english and so totally cool and hip that they can make up their own english words , even if the words are complete nonsense to native speakers !, 
  / u/watergeuzen has a point though , even the most rabid dutch anglophile with years of training and exposure will still have a smaller vocabulary and a more limited understanding of english idioms than even a 12-year-old native speaker . 
  at some point over-emphasis on a foreign language will make you lose vocabulary and some of the finer nuances of your own language . 
  emigrants are an extreme example of this . 
   i think very few of the kids being born in 2015 will be able to hold conversations with danes without speaking english , which is a bit sad in my opinion . 
  i 'd argue that 's almost entirely down to a lack of exposure and would be fixed easily if schools in both countries dedicated about 6 weeks to studying the other nordic countries languages . 
  i know we had a chapter about the other nordic languages , even icelandic and faroese in our swedish textbook at gymnasiet , but we never even looked at that part of the book . 
  some statistics point that way , but it 's difficult to know for sure . 
  it protects the prostitutes by allowing them to report pimps , traffickers , buyers and others involved to the authorities without fear of legal action against themselves . 
  in the kind of prostitution that the police actually investigates , the prostitutes usually are victims . 
  young runaways and women trafficked from eastern europe . 
  the law itself is intended to be demand-reducing . 
  i honestly do n't think you can . 
  demand will always be greater than the supply of willing workers , which creates a lucrative opportunity for criminals . 
  prostitution itself is n't illegal , but purchasing sex is . 
  procuring , brothel-keeping , trafficking etc. 
  is also illegal . 
  i bet that shocking revelation gave you a heart attack !, 
  that dad sounds like someone i 'd get along with very well . 
  mass cognitive dissonance at work , as usual when this topic surfaces . 
   apparantly the hdp turned out to be the largest in great britain , finland and sweden ( even though the link will give you the entire picture , as it became the largest in multiple countries ) . 
  most turkish citizens in sweden are kurds or assyrians/syriacs , a mostly kurdish party gaining the most votes here should n't be particularly surprising . 
  i believe the same is true for finland . 
  like i said , you never hear anything about them , so i have no idea . 
  the germans are easily the least visible of all major immigrant groups in sweden . 
  the 9th largest immigrant group , yet you never see or hear anything about them at all . 
   i kind of feel like this should be up to the then 13-year-old-now-woman , what are her thoughts on the whole thing ? 
  she 's forgiven him for the incident and does n't want him to go to prison . 
  from wiki :  in 2008 , geimer stated in an interview that she wishes polanski would be forgiven , `` i think he 's sorry , i think he knows it was wrong . 
  i do n't think he 's a danger to society . 
  i do n't think he needs to be locked up forever and no one has ever come out ever -- besides me -- and accused him of anything . 
  it was 30 years ago now . 
  it 's an unpleasant memory ... ( but ) i can live with it . '', 
  yes . 
  he 's an absolutely enormous former basketball player . 
  when his victim does n't even care any more , why should i ? 
   this vast majority of stupid fucks stays in the us all their life . 
  that 's your answer . 
  today i learned that scandinavia is n't a part of europe . 
  the swedish plates in the gallery are outdated . 
  we no longer use the taxation stickers , and the design of the plates was updated to remove the space in the middle where they used to be . 
  the font has also been changed . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.transportstyrelsen.se/globalassets/global/press/registreringsskyltar/standard_bil_print.jpg ) there 's been talk of changing the design entirely as they are beginning to run out of valid combinations in the current numbering system . 
  attractive prostitutes do n't need to stand in a window to find customers . 
  there 's palm trees in trelleborg in southern sweden . 
  i 'm sure they have some somewhere in denmark too . 
  i 'll use the same cop-out i used the last time , denmark is nice and it 's a real shame it is inhabited by danes . 
  i like you .
