  much like how none of the danish journalists cared * why * helium-filled balloons are banned at the train station in malm\u00f6 , none of them were interested in why dan park was sentenced for hate speech and defamation . 
  how is putting a man who made death threats in prison `` rewriting reality '' ? 
  i 'm sure dan park is very pleased that danes , unlike swedes , consider death threats and harassment to be art . 
  adam curtis is tremendous . 
   alcohol in general . 
  with some exceptions . 
  nice champagne and fine whisky tends to be cheaper at systembolaget than almost anywhere else . 
  a bottle of dom p\u00e9rignon is cheaper at systemet than it is in tax-free shops at airports and from the manufacturer itself , for example . 
  swedish , english and some basic french and danish . 
  i understand norwegian fully but i ca n't talk or write in it . 
   i also hope it wo n't cost us too much money , although i 'm positive it will the overwhelming majority of facilities proposed in the paris bid already exist , so the most expensive aspect of hosting wo n't be a factor for paris . 
  horunge is an established typographical term for a lone word in a paragraph separated by a column or page break . 
  i buy boxed and bottled groceries based on their price per kg/litre instead of their per package price . 
  i also save something between a third and half of all the money i make each month . 
  how far do you get with the t8 running on electric ? 
  tortellini , preferably with tomato and mozzarella filling . 
  add a few drips of a nice balsamico on top and you 've got yourself a nice gourmet dinner in less than 10 minutes . 
  i 'm not very strong on swedish history , but i do n't think the swedish monarchy was absolutist at any point . 
  might be a good time to ping / u/vonadler . 
   i 'm an idiot , i meant masters . 
  eu citizens get it for free , non-eu students have to pay their own way , though it probably comes out cheaper than in the us . 
   then again , how difficult is it for an american do a phd in sweden , while getting paid by the uni ? 
  i have no idea . 
   i had my share of walking through the woods and shouting ` peng ' since i had no training rounds . 
  that sounds like something out of a slapstick comedy !, 
  as i understand it the phd students typically get paid by the universities , since they are technically employees of the university . 
  a high-quality education is considerably cheaper in sweden than it is in the us . 
  the interest rates on swedish student loans are so low that you are almost guaranteed to actually make money from them if you choose to save them . 
  there was some media report about the german army using broom sticks instead of guns during an exercise that developed into something of a meme . 
   we had a different picture of the past regarding prussia and the military traditions could you expand upon this a little ? 
  what was the deal with the broom sticks ? 
   edit : also i added an `` ama ! '', 
  flair to your post , so more people see your ama . 
  thanks for the ama !, 
  as a mod you 're supposed to ask the op for proof that he is in fact what he claims to be too . 
  sj get a lot of hate too , much of it misdirected . 
   you can fit anything them . 
  that is then exposed both to the elements and to thieves . 
  an estate or a van fitted with a tow bar is a far more practical and versatile vehicle . 
  pickups are almost exclusively marketed to businesses here and even there the preference for vans and van-based light trucks is overwhelming . 
  the only major benefit offered by a pickup is the ground clearance . 
  yes . 
  it would take you 5 + years to secure a rental contract in any of our cities . 
  i do n't care . 
  football manager . 
  we have electric heating . 
  based on what they depict i propose ` bridges ' !, 
  i 'm sure low-cost airlines fly between helsinki and amsterdam . 
  schipol airport to delft is ~ 35 minutes by train , if google can be trusted . 
  any other mode of transportation really is n't realistic given how long the distance is . 
  the swedish inland from dalsland and upwards is poorer than the coastal areas of the country , with some exceptions . 
  if we stick to full counties/regions then dalsland is probably the poorest as a whole . 
  3 of the 5 municipalities in the county are in the bottom 10 in median income . 
  i do n't drink coffee , which makes me a serious outsider in this coffee-addicted country . 
  excuse me , are you referring to ** the lion of the north ** as * weak-chinned * ?!? 
  lutheran austrians and catholic swedes , the two most historically nonsensical minorities in all of europe !, 
  ftfy . 
  tried asking around with friends and family ? 
  i study full-time . 
  without any additional context ` christian ' or ` the church ' would be interpreted as church of sweden . 
  same with ` protestant ' . 
  all other protestant denominations are described as ` free churches ' ( * frikyrkor * ) and an adherent of them described as ` free churcherly ' ( * frikyrklig * ) rather than protestant . 
   i live in g\u00f6teborg but i could see myself moving to a small town in sm\u00e5land hi dad !, 
  i did n't know you were on reddit !, 
  as a native-born gothenburgian i am bound by divine law to answer stockholm to this question . 
  there are actually a few fjords in sweden . 
  this is also how they manage to end up in some pretty ridiculous situations , like the severe butter shortage a few years ago . 
  beer is brewed , not distilled . 
   but you can keep elephants fuck yes !, 
  you can permanently blind someone with that stuff . 
  and it has no practical purpose other than use as a weapon . 
  fiscal transfers would be a major game-changer . 
  same here . 
  about 13000 people in sweden share my surname . 
  the p3 documentary about it will give you a lump in your throat . 
  i have a weakness for * fuckwit * . 
  lovely case of nominative determinism that !, 
   and as i 've stated many times the death penalty would be applied to open and shut cases if you had even a rudimentary understanding of how the law and courts work you would be aware that there is truly no such thing . 
   cunt hooks is either a troll the name should be an obvious tell . 
  only because swedes are terrified of any kind of confrontational interaction with a stranger , even in situations where it is mind-numbingly obvious that they are right . 
   the norm is to tip 5-10 % at dinner restaurants when you have a waiter . 
  the norm is not tipping . 
  in what way ? 
  not everything in life has to be useful !, 
   feels odd for me as a swede to lecture a french person on that !, 
  but sabrage looks cool . 
  i know how to open a champagne bottle with a spoon . 
  i only shill for soros , sorry . 
  athlete of the year type awards usually go to athletes from individual sports . 
  in sweden zlatan ibrahimovic is by far the most famous , well-known and influential athlete in the country yet he has only won the athlete of the year award once , while relatively low-profile biathlon skiiers and equestrians have won it multiple times . 
  you can see the same pattern basically everywhere , even in the us where the big 4 team sports are light years ahead of any individual sport in popularity the athlete of the year awards are still dominated by sportsmen from individual sports . 
   do we have some kind of league ? 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polska_hokej_liga ) . 
  most of the teams are concentrated in towns and cities near the czech and slovak borders though , gdansk being a historical outlier . 
  poland had two players in the nhl during the 90s and early 00s , [ mariusz czerkawski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mariusz_czerkawski ) who was genuinely good and [ krzysztof oliwa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krzysztof_oliwa ) who was n't much of a hockey player but great at punching people in the head . 
  both are from tychy . 
  it 's arguably the most popular team sport in south tyrol and it is popular in the towns and villages around the alps . 
  it 's a minor sport in milan and turin too , but your description is true for anywhere south of that . 
  as for the italian national team , it is a regular in the world championship . 
  a belgian goaltender was actually drafted into the nhl last summer .
