  natural resources on the other hand are finite , and we are using more of them than we can sustain . 
  either way our goal as a society should be to provide as high a standard of living for as many people as possible , encouraging population growth would move us in the exact opposite direction . 
  no , it does not . 
  our current standard of living is unsustainable and technology is beginning to significantly reduce the need for workers . 
  natalism runs contrary to every ambition we should have as a society in the 21st century . 
  you do know pregnant women still have sex , right ? 
  our current pension systems are a glorified ponzi-scheme . 
  reform is absolutely necessary , finding a new way of financing pensions will be a lot easier and much less costly to both tax payers and our planet than any effort to try and reverse the demographic trend . 
  fertility rates are dropping in africa also . 
  most realistic projections currently have the world population peaking somewhere between 2050 and 2100 . 
  nothing . 
  technology is in the process of eliminating a lot of jobs , even beyond all the low-skill manufacturing jobs that globalisation has moved elsewhere . 
  there 's no way we could possibly employ anywhere close to ~ 90 % of the current working-aged population in a world with self-checkout , autonomous cars and cleaning robots . 
  encouraging some massive policy of natalism based on misguided fears about population decline would only create a massive underclass of perpetually unemployed people , large enough to break our entire welfare system . 
  even if we disregard the impact of technology , we 're already living beyond the level of sustainability , unless you 're a fan of either destroying the earth or seriously lowering our standards of living population decline is a good thing , and it is a sign of progress . 
  the ever increasing efficiency brought by technological progress will keep the economy growing , it will also eliminate a lot of jobs . 
  [ just imagine it is this !, 
  ] ( http://www.gtspirit.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/aston-martin-v12-vantage-s-9.jpg ), 
  broz before hoes !, 
  opposition to the death penalty . 
  education decline is caused by the municipalisation of schools , which has left control of our most important public service in the hands of incompetent administrators and amateur politicians . 
  giving even * more * control to the municipalities , as suggested by the article , is simply pure madness . 
  it 's that hospital though , is n't it ? 
  what , nobody has pointed out that `` laying a cable '' is a swedish euphemism for taking a dump ? 
  i clean my ass with evian . 
  `` need a job ? 
  drink more beer . '', 
  in sweden any venue where dancing may take place , even spontaneous dancing , needs a dancing permit from the police , should dancing take place in a venue without a permit , the venue can be fined . 
  it 's one of those laws that was created in more religious times when any opportunity for young people to have fun was seen as hurtful to society that has managed to remain on the books because of legislative inertia , in spite of no one really supporting it . 
  when the national radio broadcaster tried to arrange a debate about the law last year they had to cancel the show because they could n't find a single politician to argue in favour of the law . 
  she sounds like your typical run-of-the-mill sweden democrat . 
   i 'd like to get some insight from unbiased swedes , who are n't either for or against mass immigration , and could analyse the situation with clear sense . 
  good luck finding someone like that in 2015 . 
  people who support the point of view given by the author of the opinion piece will reject any criticism as the work of lying , politically correct whores , while anything they bring forward will be rejected by everyone else as racist , even if they might accidentally be right about something . 
  as someone who does n't really give a shit , i can only answer for the pisa results and the housing shortage . 
  while immigration may be one factor in the pisa tests , the decline is too large to be explained by that reason alone , the school results of children born in sweden and/or educated in sweden since daycare ( which would be at least 90 % ) have to be getting worse for such a decline to occur . 
  likewise with the housing shortage , immigration puts an already strained housing market under even more stress , but it is n't the reason for why the shortage exists in the first place . 
  `` thank you , your vote for president nursultan nazarbayev has been registered '', 
  yes , lets make europe a shithole . 
  it 's not what anyone wants to hear , but it 's the truth . 
  unless the underlying push-factors are eliminated , people are going to keep trying to get to europe no matter what countermeasures we take . 
  the potential reward from a successful journey provides such a strong incentive that even a significant risk of death is not a deterrent . 
   people who migrate to europe to follow an education will never leave europe again , since they wo n't have the same opportunities where they come from . 
   so that 's not helping them , actually more likely to import the intellectuals and leaving the country with even less assets . 
  they might not move home , but most will send remittances that will be a direct help for their families , raising their living standards and giving them more opportunities in their home country and making the dangerous journey to europe less enticing , as well as indirectly boosting the local economy by providing it with a steady source of incomes . 
   hunting wolves is a very controversial topic in scandinavia in rural scandinavia . 
  no one in the cities * really * gives a shit , aside from animal rights activists . 
  if it 's so difficult to protect livestock from wolves , perhaps you should n't farm livestock in wolf country ? 
  it 's the same in sweden , though the serious housing shortage is starting to alter things in the big cities . 
  the old expectation of kids moving out shortly after their gymnasium graduation does n't hold up as well when it takes several years on a waiting-list to rent an apartment . 
  i 'm going to guess he moved out to study elsewhere , not work . 
  until / u/sadeh posted i had n't gotten a single answer that was n't essentially `` i do n't care '' , `` nobody speaks those languages '' or `` you 're foreign and know nothing , how dare you criticise france '' . 
  you and others keep telling me to be more informed , yet you have provided nothing at all to enlighten me . 
  `` what is wrong with protecting minority languages ? '', 
  is a very simple question , i do n't need to act obtuse towards your answers because you simply have n't provided any . 
  thanks for being the first to actually give a serious answer , even if the second paragraph gives the impression that you do n't personally buy into the counter-revolutionary argument . 
  i know the historical background , but it 's really hard to believe that anyone in 2015 would see regional languages as either a threat to the french language or to revolutionary ideals . 
  i 'm asking for an answer to a perfectly reasonable question . 
  still not an answer . 
  `` you 're foreign so you 're not allowed to have an opinion '' is also an utterly ridiculous argument . 
   explain it to me , what is the argument against this ? 
  what is there to lose ? 
  i really like that throughout all these replies and angry downvotes , no one has come up with a better argument than `` nobody speaks them '' or `` i do n't care '' . 
  really says everything about the issue . 
  because in the rest of the world , language extinction , and the eventual death of culture that follows it , is seen as an actual problem . 
  almost every single european country acts to preserve and promote historic and regional languages , the united nations work to preserve endangered languages and there 's numerous projects on the european level with the same aims , meanwhile france does n't give a fuck . 
  it is natural that such a contrarian position draws ( deserved ) criticism . 
  you could let the remaining speakers send their children to publicly funded schools that teach the language , something virtually every single european country except france already do , even for really small languages with very few speakers . 
  you keep acting like there 's nothing to be done when in fact there is plenty , yet france sees the suggestion of doing even the bare minimum as offensive . 
   i just think having lived 30 years in france in multiple places i 'd have at least met someone who could speak them natively . 
  all i 've met so far was some people who could speak a bit of breton but only because they 've learned it at school . 
  have you ever lived in france even ? 
  that has a tendency to happen in countries that are deliberately trying to eradicate minority languages , something the french government still is . 
  besides , how would you know if someone you met spoke breton , basque or alsatian at home ? 
  is that a question you ask every single person you meet ? 
   i have never ever heard such a thing . 
  what kind of argument is that , unsourced quotes that you use as if they were things that were commonly said ? 
  they are straight out of the mouth of jacques chirac . 
  almost every other country in europe gives their minority languages the bare minimum of support they need to stay alive , yet for some reason france refuses to do so , and the best argument why that you can come up with is that you do n't know anyone that speaks them . 
  you can try and skirt around it as much as you like , but many people in france do in fact speak regional regional languages and as a signatory of the european charter for regional or minority languages france has obliged itself to act for their preservation . 
  if the languages were as irrelevant as you claim , opponents of giving them official recognition would n't be making arguments about how doing so would threaten `` the indivisibility of the republic '' or `` the unity of the french people '' . 
  a french person totally unconcerned about language death . 
  how typically french . 
  sitting with your beard stuck in the mailbox . 
  `` sitta med sk\u00e4gget i brevl\u00e5dan '' sensing owls in the bog . 
  i think that may just be the worst joke i 've ever seen , but i 'm upvoting you anyway . 
  homeless people sleeping in them ... 
  nah , it 'd be 3.0 , we 're already [ at war against the homeless ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ehnxhzh.jpg ) . 
  i think cleats may just be the ugliest word in the english language . 
  would legit punch anyone i heard using it in real life . 
  one day , brother , one day !, 
  i 'm always disturbed whenever i hear stories about `` killer couples '' like this one . 
  i can somewhat understand that individual psychopaths who take pleasure from killing exists , but it 's really difficult for me to understand how those people manage to find willing accomplices . 
  perhaps they really , * really * like our king ? 
  they wo n't be allowed to be drawn against each other , just like spain and gibraltar and armenia and azerbaijan . 
  another important aspect is that the prussians were lutherans and the young , unified german state had a protestant majority , while the habsburgs were catholics and austro-hungary had a catholic majority . 
  the full-disclosure about the [ catalina affair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalina_affair ) * should have * been the nail in the coffin of the whole neutrality myth , yet somehow it 's resilient enough to survive definitive proof that we were conducting spying missions for nato and that the soviets both knew about it and treated us as a hostile country because of it . 
  there 's a lot more to it , but the catalina affair is the most obvious example . 
  i 'm sure thralls captured during viking raids plays a part in it . 
  does she work vice ?
