   2 % is hardly impossible in the future . 
  only if the liberals suddenly became the biggest party in parliament . 
  short of an actual war breaking out , i can not possibly imagine any of the other parties committing that much of the budget to defence . 
  we 've been a western ally since the end of the second world war . 
  the idea of swedish neutrality is the biggest lie the swedish people have ever fallen for , and it 's amazing just how many swedes still believe in it , even with all the evidence to the contrary available right at their fingertips . 
  stuxnet relied on people using usb memory sticks , did n't it ? 
  norway and iceland do n't build shit , and the swiss economy is service-driven . 
  all three also benefit from membership in the eea or efta , something a post - `` swexit '' sweden would not be guaranteed . 
   hmm , was n't it at least last year that anything critical of immigration was banned from / r/sweden ? 
  lol !, 
  whoever told you that has never visited / r/sweden !, 
  what they did do was ban threads on politics , directing those to / r/svenskpolitik . 
  the ranters who did n't die from a heart attack after that announcement quickly figured out that you can still make threads on politics if you frame them as `` news '' . 
  / r/sweden is strictly for puns and angry rants against politicians and/or immigrants . 
  mostly done in swedish , but posts in english from foreigners are welcome . 
  considering the field i 'm studying , i might actually be moving to the uk , ironically enough . 
  at that cost it would take roughly 28 weeks to save up for a mid-range robot lawnmower . 
  did april 's fools come 20 days late in finland ? 
  considering our export-driven economy would implode , i definitely would not stay here . 
  just make gnocchi instead . 
  it 's two hours of jolly good fun . 
  with premium you get ultrahd and can watch on four screens at once . 
  hbo nordic has a much . 
  much smaller film library . 
  you 'll be thoroughly disappointed by it if you have any intention of watching anything other than tv shows . 
  they all look so ... average . 
  breivik has a very high opinion of himself . 
  he wants access to other people so he can proselytise his ideas . 
  completely unrelated , but i find your username rather witty . 
  a royale with green ? 
   it 's currently 5 % about 5 % of the population have their roots in muslim countries , the number of actual practising muslims is something like a quarter of that . 
  the number of political islamists among them would be even lower . 
   not everyone is a victim but some people actually are , yet you seem perfectly happy advocating something that would send them to prison along with their abusers . 
  if you can not see how perverse and utterly devoid of logic that is you are beyond all hope . 
  i do n't see what 's `` what the fuck '' - worthy about not forcing the victims of pimps and sex traffickers to incriminate themselves if they want their abusers brought to justice . 
  germany legalising pimps and brothels is a lot more worthy of a what the fuck reaction . 
  that 's entirely a question of perspective . 
  you 're not upper class if you have to work for a living . 
   so are eggs . 
  my favourite pizza has slices of tenderloin , eggs and bearnaise on it . 
  maybe you should consider that some people might actually like ketchup more than tomato sauce ? 
   not to mention they have to share that with the pimp ... only if you think the pimp taking 100 and the woman getting 0 is sharing . 
  yeah , that part made me think of the twisted degenerates in * taken * . 
  in sweden johns , pimps , madams and brothels are illegal , while the act of prostitution is not . 
  based on media reports the street prostitution that was pretty much completely eradicated by a combination of the internet and the 1999 law that made paying for sex illegal has started to return in the shape of trafficked women from eastern europe and africa offering sexual services for as little as 100 kr . 
  aside from them , basically all prostitution is done over the internet . 
  the police monitor the websites and look for postings that suggest the seller might be exploited in some way , like unreasonably low prices or offering risky services ( like condom-free sex ) , they also rely on anonymous tips from johns . 
  as far as luxury prostitution goes , i 'm not sure if there is much of a market for it here . 
  since the priority of both the media reporting and the police is on women who are being exploited it is not talked about very much , and i presume any man willing to spend thousands of euros to have sex would also be willing to travel to a country where he does not risk being sentenced to a year in prison for doing so . 
  surveys generally report that fewer swedish men have paid for sex than men from comparable countries , and the current laws have broad support from the swedish people , both men and women . 
  i think it 's more about them having their brains ruined by the fairytale of the three little pigs . 
  ah , that explains it , i was worried you might be using some cheap store brand that goes too heavy on the sweetness . 
  and heinz is the gold standard , though i personally prefer the low-sugar version . 
  good ketchup has a balanced flavour , malcolm gladwell wrote [ an article in the new yorker ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2004/09/06/the-ketchup-conundrum ) years ago explaining why there 's basically no variation on the ketchup market , unlike almost all other types of food . 
  the people who think all wooden houses burn down or get ruined in 20 years are usually not americans . 
  it 's mostly people from britain and other countries where brick or stone houses are the norm . 
  if your ketchup is `` overly sweet '' you 're eating bad ketchup . 
  being forced to resign is n't a big deal to you ? 
  i do n't disagree . 
  a minimum of 4 % of the voting population would have to be islamists for that to happen . 
  ai n't gon na happen within any of our lifetimes . 
  countries like the uk that use the fptp system are much more likely to see an islamist party in parliament . 
  i think / u/khers comment was about waberi , not kaplan . 
  no , not like that . 
  unless you posses magical eyes that can see through solid black , that is . 
  there was a naming controversy here in sweden about 10 years ago when some whiskey tango parents got upset that the tax office would n't let them name their daughter metallica , the tax office eventually backed down after the media attention . 
  it 's strong , to the point that many non-nordic coffee drinkers consider it undrinkable , and conversely , nearly every nordic person who goes abroad comes back complaining about how weak the coffee was . 
   you call that warm cola a coffee ? 
  you 've obviously never had nordic coffee . 
  good riddance !, 
  maybe we 'll get a minister of housing who actually cares about housing this time ? 
  holy shit nick griffin is a wreck . 
  never mind the left party , even ministers from his own party are throwing him under the bus . 
  sounds like something only a soft southerner would do , unfit for true vikings like us . 
   then you think wrong . 
  tectonic plate movement does not happen so rapidly . 
  it takes hundreds of thousands , if not millions of years to move that distance . 
  sea levels , you dimwit . 
  keep on digging ... 
  at least they have hair , unlike yours who are just as bald and just as fat as the men . 
  jesus christ you 're boring . 
  i even put a fucking smiley face at the end of my post and you still did n't get that i was being facetious . 
  denmark did n't really exist 5000 years ago  i 'm not entirely sure , but i think the area that is now denmark was still attached by land to what is now the scandinavian peninsula back then . 
  denmark as we know it has never had a sustainable population of moose . 
  bandy is really only popular here in sweden and in russia . 
  finland play it at a decent level too , but as far as i can tell it 's something like their 7th or 8th most popular team sport . 
   reintroduced moose you ca n't reintroduce something that you 've never had before . 
  would just make it even more annoying , would n't it ? 
  or walks straight into a cushy $ 100k p/y job right after he finally finishes his bachelor . 
  so , basically , `` if you like the eu you 're an evil elitist who hates democracy !, 
  yay , sweden might actually win a medal !, 
  [ white is the most popular colour in europe for everything aside from luxury vehicles ] ( http://www.motormagasinet.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/europe_graphs-468x270.jpg ) though apparently cars in more unusual colours like yellow , orange and green have a higher resale value than common colours like black , white and silver . 
  that would only encourage a black market with lower prices and less restrictions . 
  white has been one of the most popular car colours in western europe for about 10 years . 
  the whole `` white cars are hard to sell '' meme is a thing of the past . 
  anyway , iirc the switch was made to comply with some obscure eu regulation , or to make the police cars more similar to those found in other european countries as green is not really associated with the police anywhere else . 
   a new referendum law would of course also be subject to a referendum ... 
  i 'd expect by the time that would come up for referendum , the general public will be bored enough of the querulants who want referendums on everything to turn up and vote in favour of the new law . 
   fluent in french off with his head !, 
  but reddit insists nothing could possibly go wrong if you legalise prostitution !,
