   i 'm from scotland . 
  inventors of culinary delights like haggis and deep-fried pizza . 
  a place only players of paradox games know of . 
  watching hockey taught me more about lithuania than school ever did . 
  i am indifferent towards the effect of religion on society . 
  you ca n't make a survey and force people to choose between two extreme options , it shoves opinions down people 's throats and makes the results meaningless . 
  federalize that shit . 
  whatever the restaurant feels like serving as * dagens * . 
  depending on where you go it can be anything from meatballs and mashed potatoes to a thai stew or a steak with chips . 
  it 's always served at a cut price and typically includes drink , sallad , bread and coffee . 
  * dagens lunch * either at a canteen at work or at a restaurant near work . 
  always a real meal , eating just a sandwich for lunch will earn you looks of disapproval . 
  in 2015 the median wage in sweden was 28 600 kr per month . 
  at current exchange rates that is just under $ 3000 . 
  he 's on a team alongside the greatest young player of his generation , and based on how well he 's done this season it looks like he himself could become the best european player of the same . 
  he 's well on his way on the path to greatness and he 'll get mainstream endorsement opportunities in germany at some point . 
  appearing in the world championships in his hometown this year would sure help his case . 
   still , i 'd say out of the sports op named , basketball is the only one where i suspect most germans can name one german player : dirk nowitzki . 
  the majority would probably have trouble to name any player of american football , ice hockey , or baseball , of any nationality . 
  you 're all going to learn the name of leon draisaitl soon enough . 
  the kid is turning into a real star . 
  that 's a tripe sandwich , is n't it ? 
  text-tv . 
  the unofficial app is awesome . 
  was not even the greatest swedish player , much less the greatest european . 
  and i bet you think weiron from * nilecity * was just a funny caricature of a gothenburger too , and not a caricature of a specific type of gothenburger embodying the traits and values typically associated with a specific social class ... sociolects are a very real phenomenon , and you can very much tell the social background of a swedish-speaker based on accent , that this does not act as a social barrier in the same way that it does in the uk does not mean that the difference does n't exist . 
  one can very clearly tell that marcus allb\u00e4ck and pontus wernbloom come from very different social backgrounds just from hearing them speak , even though both are also easily identified as gothenburgers . 
   maybe you have a better ear for accents than me , but if i did n't know him i would never guess that the king was royal by the way he speaks . 
  it does n't take a linguist to place what part of sweden he comes from and determine that he probably is n't a bricklayer . 
   of course everyone has an accent , but on the east coast from nyk\u00f6ping to sundsvall it 's varieties of rikssvenska . 
  again , a myth people from that area like to tell themselves . 
  nothing can be based or rikssvenska because it is n't a real accent , it is merely a set of qualities arbitrarily chosen as a `` standard '' , nobody speaks it naturally , and you ca n't have a local variation of it because the defining feature of rikssvenska is that it is impossible to place geographically . 
  the only people who speak rikssvenska are people who have spent years training away every hint of a local accent , like actors and newsreaders used to in the past . 
  that was n't so uncommon in 1950 , but in 2017 it is almost unheard of thanks to the changed attitudes towards the swedish language in general and accents in particular . 
  the days when speaking scanian or gothenburgian was equated with having a speech impediment are long gone , thankfully . 
  only children 's songs really , beyond that the summer hymn * den blomstertid nu kommer * is commonly sung at schools before summer leave begins , so i suppose most people would be able to sing that . 
  most people over about 50 or so will know the more popular works of evert taube , but there 's a significant generation gap at play there . 
   flower of scotland is used by the national sports teams , and is therefore considered the national anthem by most of the population . 
   scots wha hae is supposedly an official anthem , but is n't that well known , and is rarely used in public . 
   scotland the brave is used for the commonwealth games , but again , most of the population would n't recognise it as the national anthem . 
  all three have been used as a national anthem by the scottish national football team at different times . 
  one could even say that flower of scotland is unlucky , as the team has only made one world cup appearance since they switched to it . 
  * by a lonely prison wall , i heard a young girl calling : *, 
  last time i was in paris and queuing for the eiffel tower the french decided to call a general strike , which we were n't informed of until we had already queued for hours . 
  and in case anyone wonders , paris fucking sucks when everything you go there for is closed . 
  and no street-clowns to brighten the day either , only annoying gipsies trying to pull the petition scam . 
   so , you could n't distinguish a member of the royal family from a manual labourer on the basis of accent ? 
  of course you could . 
  i do n't know what the other poster is on about . 
  many people from in and around stockholm live with the mistaken belief that they `` do n't have an accent '' though , i suppose op might be one of those . 
   not really , but we do n't really acknowledge the concept of social classes in sweden . 
  we must be living in completely different countries ... 
  posh people have their own accents . 
  like / u/smurf4 said , rikssvenska is primarily associated with actors and the media , though people with regional accents have become much more common from about 1980 and onwards . 
  who was the one who had his predecessor dug up and put on trial ? 
  almost every common reddit term is calqued into swedish on sweddit , words that are already common in swedish as loan-words being the only exceptions . 
  * bajs * ( i always chuckle when i watch ogc nice play , because their captain is named paul baysse , which is pronounced like * bajs * ) is closer to poop if translated literally , while you can probably guess what * skit * means . 
  `` important message for the public '' ) * karma whore = * karmahora *, 
  they could give you a machine cut if you 'd like , otherwise barbers stick to beards . 
  you go to a hairdresser if you want a haircut . 
  france and sweden will probably do this once the rafale and gripen reach the end of their service life . 
  * the seventh seal * it does n't really say much about sweden , but it is arguably the greatest film ever produced within our borders . 
  nope . 
  i would have to travel into the city to find anything more foreign than the local netto . 
  i do all my shopping at ica and the local , family-owned supermarket . 
  i read text-tv daily and i do n't see any bias , nor do i see any in * uppdrag granskning * or * veckans brott * . 
  and the only way anyone could ever describe me as left wing is under the hilariously ignorant `` not sd = left '' definition . 
  there would n't have been nearly as many eurosceptic tory backbenchers for the prime minister to deal with , so there probably would n't have been a referendum in the first place . 
   i have n't had a tv for over ten years then how would you know if svt are biased ? 
  i 'm not a big consumer of television and i have n't watched any of the private broadcasters for anything other than sports in over a decade . 
  the public broadcaster svt still produces some programs that are good enough to lure me back to the telly so i suppose it is worth it . 
  sure . 
  separating heretics from their life and their belongings is always good fun !, 
  he 'd sit down in his office and grab a pen and instruct the nuclear submarine captains to stand down in the letters of last resort . 
  writing the letters is one of , if not the very first thing each new prime minister does . 
  of course you are !, 
  eastern sweden < 3, 
  i 'm swedish . 
  i think almost every larger city in northern europe has at least a couple of american-style sports bars and a diner or two . 
  it 's rare but restaurants that serve louisiana/cajun-style food are n't unheard of . 
  i know of one in my city . 
  mmm , cheese ... 
  their coverage of the scottish independence referendum in 2014 was shamelessly biased , but in general they are a pretty impartial institution . 
   it as a bit hard to find clear examples of swedish accents as we usually try to suppress it . 
  let me introduce you to the master of swenglish that is [ tomas holmstr\u00f6m ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9qfgbjzbbs ) . 
  the former yugoslav country that seems to embody the balkan/yugoslav stereotypes the most . 
  it 's one of the most sparsely populated countries on earth and the nature is absolutely stunning . 
  you could probably set up a ranch there and not see a stranger for years if you wanted to . 
  basically never . 
  the military presence around gothenburg is extremely limited , especially considering the size and strategic value of the city . 
  i see regular passenger cars with [ military plates ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ckc8l--weaeyqig.jpg ) maybe once a year or so . 
  beyond that i do n't think i 've ever seen a military vehicle where i live . 
  i suggest you do n't , as it is illegal . 
   very generous interest rates . 
  currently 0.34 % , on a loan that is paid back over 25 years , so basically as close to free money as you 're ever going to get . 
  we drink * p\u00e5skmust * , which is exactly the same as * julmust * but with yellow instead of red labels . 
  it 's so cute that you 're proud of being a tax haven !, 
  if we stick to democratically elected leaders prime minister tage erlander is arguably the greatest . 
  the social democrats have canonised hjalmar branting , per albin hansson and olof palme but i think from an outsider 's perspective it is pretty clear that sweden as we know it was built under erlander . 
  bostongurka and rhode island-dressing have nothing to do with boston or rhode island .
