   edit : i should add that there are many democrats who disavow the `` communist '' label but who actually believe everything communists believe , and do n't realize it . 
  come back when you find a single democrat who advocates workers controlling the means of production , until then , so long !, 
   in denmark the socialist , any branch , are always against the liberals . 
  you have a liberal party in your `` left block '' , so that 's not true . 
   our `` left wing '' ( `` liberals '' ) are essentially communists you have a very twisted idea of what the democratic party actually believes in if you think they are even in the same universe as communists . 
  because most swedish-language news is boring and most swedish-language internet forums are fucking cancerous . 
  `` good '' weather is highly subjective . 
   handelsbanken accept cash for deposit at all of their branches . 
  one of many reasons why everyone should use handelsbanken . 
  i quite frankly do n't understand why anyone would use seb , swedbank or nordea unless they are forced to . 
  having at one point studied both spanish , italian and french , i can easily tell the romance languages apart , likewise , as a northern european i have no trouble distinguishing the different germanic languages . 
  as a swede , telling finnish from hungarian is simple , but the differences with estonian are harder to tell . 
  slavic languages on the other hand is something completely different , i could probably tell russian apart , but i doubt i could correctly identify polish , czech , slovak or serbo-croatian . 
  at a previous workplace of mine a colleague and i tried to place where the cleaners came from based on the language they spoke , we both agreed that it was probably a south slavic language of some kind but could n't get any closer than that . 
  i 've seen estimates suggesting english has something like 3 million words , even the most generous estimation for swedish only gives us something like 300k , so i 'm fairly certain there 's plenty of english words without a swedish equivalent , though i ca n't think of any right off the top of my head . 
  when i was in nice i ate breakfast at a us-style bakery that was definitely more in line with what you 're saying than the other poster . 
  i remember when my now 10-year-old nephew started going to daycare , hearing him talk about his friends made it sound like he was actually going to a care home for the elderly . 
   liam ( english non-swedish name ) it 's been in use in swedish since the 19th century , just like the once infamous y-names . 
   although i do n't know if the netherlands requires one to renounce previous citizenship . 
  there 's apparently [ a long list of exemptions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_nationality_law#by_naturalisation ) but it seems that in generally you need to renounce your previous citizenship to naturalise in the netherlands . 
  i 'm going to turn this question right back at you op , why do you think rugby should be more popular than football ? 
  god help us !, 
  germany do n't have a permanent seat at the un security council . 
  a free world lead by a german chancellor is not a particularly strong one . 
  if you 're scared of being judged or otherwise concerned about secrecy , you either ; a - use the ballots that have been sent home to you . 
  b - take ballots from more than one party . 
  c - use the blank votes to write in your preferred party . 
  [ swedish ballots . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/prpgd67.jpg ) in sweden the national , regional and municipal elections all take place on the same day , the yellow ballot is for the national election , the blue is for regional and the white for local . 
  each party has its own ballot with a party list , there are also blank ballots where the voter can write in the party of their choice . 
  the voter picks as many ballots as he chooses , steps into the booth , takes the ballots of his preferred party and marks his preferred candidate on the party list ( should he have one , marking the party list is not mandatory ) and then slips the ballots into three separate envelopes , one for each election . 
  when the voter is done , it will look like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/syhnvuo.jpg ) . 
   passed on . 
  in english , `` passed on '' is a euphemism for `` died '' . 
  `` passed through '' conveys the message you were looking for without any risk of confusion . 
   but wait , there 's more . 
  because ... guess what ? 
  on cheques and such they write ` nitifem ' as in : ` ninety-five ' ... why not just use that everywhere danes ? 
  why ? 
  the print on danish bank notes used to be in the decimal system ( as in the 50 kr note would have `` femti kroner '' written on it instead of `` halvtreds kroner '' ) up until the most recent series introduced in 2009 , so you could even say that they are moving backwards . 
  you would never get invited to someone 's home in sweden unless you already know each other well enough that the formalities do n't really matter . 
   we do learn about it extensively school . 
  as with everything related to history classes in sweden , that 's entirely dependent on the teacher and the course book ( s ) he teaches from . 
  when i was in school 10 years ago our history teacher expressed shock at the interest and enthusiasm our class showed for the first world war , he had never seen anything like it before and said most classes treat it as nothing but a boring obstacle keeping them from studying the second world war . 
  completely forgotten in the minds of most people . 
  the davy crockett is a man-portable nuclear weapon . 
  yes , some fucking moron in the 50 's actually thought that was a good idea . 
   chocolate chocolate with salty liquorice filling is excellent !, 
  aside from tutti frutti fazer 's salmiakki chocolate bars are the greatest gift finland have ever given to humanity . 
  still recyclable , unlike plastic bags . 
   yes they are . 
  you must live in some sort of fantasy land where a plastic bag is more recyclable than a paper carton , because that 's absolutely not how things are in the real world . 
   also in this weird triangle shaped carton . 
  the original tetra pak !, 
  i guess it makes more sense that way . 
  i thought of it as something that would be done for someone with little or no friends or family . 
   in the deep south ( sicily and environs ) there also used to be prefiche , women paid to mourn other people at their funeral !, 
  that 's kind of sad . 
  i did not know that estonia is a canadian province , til !, 
  only northerners and their relatives eat it , it 's as foreign to me as a gothenburger as [ palt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palt ) or [ spettekaka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spettekaka ) . 
   but i ca n't mentally comprehend why someone `` average '' looking or slightly `` bellow average '' will go to a prostitute . 
  because they have sexual desires that can not be met by a normal relationship , from simple situations like being away from your partner because of work or someone old wanting someone young to stranger things like weird fetishes or power fantasies . 
   of course it happens anyway . 
  though supposedly at lower rates than elsewhere in europe . 
  whether that is because of the laws or because of general attitudes towards sex is a different matter . 
  a substitute teacher once had us write our own limericks , that 's the only lesson time spent on poems i can remember from my 12 years of schooling . 
  football manager 2017 . 
  i 've already played over 70 hours and it is n't even fully released yet . 
  i think i need help . 
  the two most popular television programs in sweden are * p\u00e5 sp\u00e5ret * and * skavlan * . 
  `` on rails '' ) is a game show where two pairs of notable people compete against each other , first trying to guess where a filmed train journey is taking them and then answering questions about the destination . 
  it has been a staple of swedish television for almost 30 years now and is extremely popular , the final last year was watched by almost 3 million viewers . 
  * skavlan * is a swedish/norwegian weekly hour-long talk show hosted by fredrik skavlan and featuring a wide variety of both local and international guests , everything from world leaders , hollywood actors and superstar athletes to people who just have an interesting story to tell . 
  as an example of the kind of guests they get , last week they had salman rushdie , tyra banks , hope solo and reality-tv realtor fredrik eklund , a few weeks before that they had bruce springsteen , ethan hawke and the foreign minister of sweden margot wallstr\u00f6m . 
  the fact that the program usually follows * p\u00e5 sp\u00e5ret * only serves to make it even more popular . 
  only major event television like eurovision , the world cup final and donald duck on christmas get more viewers than those two programs . 
  `` excuse me , i/we would like the bill please . '', 
  works just fine . 
  snow is virtually guaranteed in dalarna in winter , not sure if it offers much in the way of adventures though , and it 's difficult to get to and get around . 
   is this why this law exists ? 
  freedom to roam exists because that 's how things where everywhere in europe before the advent of feudalism in the middle ages . 
  the idea of property ownership now found in much of the world stems from the exclusive rights granted to landed nobles in the feudal system , where the nobles would own and hold absolute rights to the land and everything in it ( often including the people who lived there ) , in countries on the european periphery where feudalism never took hold , like sweden , norway and scotland , that extreme idea of property ownership never gained traction , instead the ancient tradition lived on . 
  for my city , but not for my country . 
  depends on what the ground is like where you live . 
  we had a furnished basement in our house where i grew up , and most of my friends who lived in single-family houses had one as well . 
  in areas around the coast where the ground is very rocky it 's not as common . 
  the extra space simply is n't enough to justify the cost of excavating through solid rock . 
   i wonder what would happen if i would try the same in sweden . 
  people would think you 're the town drunk , because it 's the kind of behaviour only the town drunk has . 
  my father used to talk about moving either to madeira in portugal or to malta when he retired . 
  my mother was having none of it though , so they 're still here . 
  ken is indeed scots and scottish english for know . 
  personally i love the word velociped , which is the old word used for bicycle , replaced by the word cykel in the 1930s . 
  it has an air of sophistication to it and makes the bicycle sound like a more elegant item than cykel does . 
  there 's lots of crossover between scots and northern english dialects , both in terms of grammar and vocabulary . 
  basically all the common scotticisms found in scottish english like * aye * instead of * yes * , * wee * instead of * little * etc. 
  are also historically common features of northern english . 
   took me about 2 months of living in edinburgh to work out what `` do you ken ? '', 
  meant . 
  you should have read an irvine welsh novel before you went there , then you would 've kent it .
