   exploitation of bangladeshi children is apparently the most profitable thing to do . 
  `` silicone valley '' , `` new economy '' , `` robotization '' still lose to the classics zara has pretty much all their production in europe , mostly in spain and portugal . 
  that stuff is mostly just thinly-veiled trolling though , is n't it ? 
  this is all greek to me !, 
  grade a trolling indeed . 
  fun fact : there are more businesses than people in liechtenstein . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the church has a more visible role in society and a more important place in the general culture in both finland and denmark than it does in sweden . 
   a man has been shot dead at orly airport after taking a soldier 's gun what an extraordinarily stupid thing to do . 
  suicide by soldier ? 
  seems like an odd thing to mix with conservative christianity . 
  coke as in cocaine ? 
  it 's like with referees in football , if nobody is talking about you things are going well . 
   conservative ( classical ) liberals ( yes , that 's a thing ) is there anything more likely to blow the mind of someone with an american understanding of politics than the existence of conservative liberals ? 
  absolutely !, 
  indeed . 
  functionalism at its very best . 
  this is often the case with modernist buildings . 
  modernists prioritised the functionality and liveability of the interior over everything else and many of the problems associated with the movement are a direct consequence of that . 
  the desire to make sure all apartments had good access to natural light led to awful town planning , for instance . 
  building a long and tall building to act as a windbreaker is actually not that uncommon . 
  i know it 's been done in many remote mining towns both in northern sweden and elsewhere . 
  what 's its name and where in croatia is it ? 
  no , adorable !, 
  when making extraordinary claims the onus is on you to prove them . 
  until you do so i am well within my rights to dismiss you as nothing but a man with his head in the sand . 
   are you trying to be as vague as possible ? 
  of course he is . 
  his opinions are made up of nothing but hot air and gut feelings and the only arguments he can make are vague suggestions of conspiracies . 
  actually trying to say something of substance would expose him for what he is . 
   how the institutions were set up bears no reflection on how they 're actually running . 
  prove it . 
  some people who have a gripe with the eu actually understand what it is and how it works , over the course of this comment chain you have not only demonstrated that you have no fucking clue but that you outright revel in your own ignorance . 
  head in the sand indeed . 
  so nice of you to keep describing for us what you are doing . 
  you 're the only one here with your head stuck in the sand . 
  going around accusing others of not paying attention when you yourself fundamentally do not understand how the european union and its institutions function does nothing for your credibility . 
  for anyone wondering why sweden ranks so low , we have a couple of families who have been super rich since the 19th century , while social democratic policy over most of the 20th century was mostly successful at keeping anyone else from joining them . 
  the end result is a society that is very even for most people but with a 1 % with immense wealth . 
  now i have truly seen everything !, 
   you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  neither do you , since you apparently have no idea what a complete knock-down kit is or what it is used for . 
  there are no jaguars or land rovers made in india . 
  both are british manufacturers designed , built and headquartered in the uk . 
  where the ownership is from is completely irrelevant . 
  and ? 
  if i buy your house is it then a swedish house ? 
   are n't those cars from india ? 
  if a french architect at a french studio designs a house to be built by french builders on a lot in a french town for a german investor , is it a german house ? 
  are chelsea a russian football club ? 
  there 's not a lot written on the subject as far as i am aware , but the [ la times wrote an article on it once . 
  ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/2007/nov/09/world/fg-autopsy9 ), 
   or it 's some sinister conspiracy where all the murders are made to look like suicides . 
  the japanese method of crime reduction . 
   it saves money on production , you take one car and just change the body work . 
  you can do that across segments too , without the downside of cannibalisation . 
   seats are basically vws underneath , same with renault and nissan now . 
  seat and vw are in different segments . 
  all the vag brands are clearly segmented , have easily identifiable unique selling points and are targeting different demographics , you ca n't say the same about peugeot , citro\u00ebn and opel . 
  why ? 
  peugeot and citro\u00ebn are far too close to each other already , why add yet another brand in the same segment and cannibalise on your own sales even more ? 
  [ brothers !, 
  probably because they are all 19th century inventions and reflect 19th century ideals of what traditional costume should look like more than what common people actually wore . 
  playing instruments is actually against the eurovision rules . 
  i think it 's more a reflection on income and living standards than anything else . 
  healthy living has no pay-off for the poor . 
  well , if you 're a crazy and hateful old stooge , why not try to make it a career ? 
  [ the stuff you get at your local chippy is n't actually vinegar . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=642x2y3zla0 ), 
  the trick is to do it yourself and not let the bloody dutch do it for you . 
   scandinavians meet an ambiguous future without fear , and with lots of flexibility . 
  we also have very high social trust that enables us to cut down on bureaucracy , open bank accounts with barely any paperwork , rent an apartment without a cdi , etc. 
  as such , the flexicurity model ( flexibility and security ) is not just based on generous benefits , it 's also based on an insistence on flexibility on the labor market so that it must be easy for employers to fire and hire as they see fit and when they see fit ( which is why there are benefits in the first place ) , on there being no minimum wage and no government intervention in the negotiation of wage levels between labor unions and employers ' unions , etc. 
  in other words , something like the much loathed labor market reform in france would not be loathed seen with scandinavian ( or at least danish ) eyes . 
  it makes sense , and solves the inappropriate curiosity of the french labor market known as the cdi . 
  this is social liberalism with a high preference for a large public sector because that increases freedom . 
  danes also are n't really anti-globalists . 
  that may be true for danes , but it does not apply for swedes . 
  where you have flexicurity we instead have las , an employment law so draconian it likely makes even the french job market seem like a flexible laissez-faire dream . 
  well , it 's hardly a local magazine , despite the name . 
  reading the * new yorker * who 's official style still demands that method of writing often ends up being quite funny . 
  every `` co\u00f6perate '' and `` co\u00f6rdinate '' brings up a giggle . 
  now if you could only find a map like this with the word for rubbing snow in someone 's face ... 
   but `` spela kull '' or `` tafatt '' is a lot more recognizable to me thank your television . 
  the uk owes its existence in large part due to a [ spectacularly failed scottish colonisation attempt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/darien_scheme ) that may have led to the loss of as much as half of all money in circulation in scotland . 
  the failure of the scheme pushed the scottish nobility who had heavily invested in it close to bankruptcy and devastated the scottish economy , creating a political climate that would eventually lead to the act of union in 1707 . 
  but uefa have declared that it is , so it must be !, 
  well it seems much like how fifa ended racism uefa have finally settled the age-old question on whether a hot dog is a sandwich !, 
  i 'd suggest not using red-green scales out of consideration for those who are colour blind . 
  could this possibly be the stupidest thing farage has ever said ? 
  well , the thread is about a comment made by the canadian pm , so the natural assumption would be that you 're referring to canada . 
  they have a few really nutty mps , but on the whole canada is a very moderate country politically . 
  apparently the word is of low german origin , which would explain why it appears in latvian . 
   what korsteeni is in swedish ? 
  i mean how its written/pronounced . 
  skorsten . 
  that only works if people actually respect the bans . 
  in my experience smokers happily ignore the no smoking signs at bus stops and train stations . 
  interesting that the number of female smokers has remained basically unchanged . 
   korsteeni i love it when i spot a swedish loan word in finnish !,
