  objectively [ elfdalian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elfdalian ) is the most incomprehensible accent/dialect when it is considered as such , which it has been historically . 
  when it comes to climate words like `` hot '' and `` cold '' have specific meanings . 
  `` very cold '' implies temperatures well below zero , the kind of thing you would only see in alpine , subarctic , and polar climates . 
  take a look at the words used at wikipedia to describe [ oceanic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oceanic_climate ) , [ mediterranean ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mediterranean_climate ) and [ humid continental climates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humid_continental_climate ) for some examples . 
   very cold is it -40 in central spain in the winter ? 
  on the ones i make myself ? 
  i pretty much never make the same burger twice . 
  a slice of tomato is pretty much the only constant ingredient that i never leave out , aside from that everything is open to change . 
  i guess the most experimental thing i do is that i sometimes put mozzarella on it , taking inspiration from a burger i had at a restaurant specialising in hamburgers in copenhagen years ago . 
  i find bornholmsk to be more similar to how people speak in blekinge than to scanian . 
  is there a story to this ? 
  in sweden there 's really no difference between private universities like [ chalmers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chalmers_university_of_technology ) or the [ stockholm school of economics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stockholm_school_of_economics ) and public schools like [ kth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_institute_of_technology ) or [ uppsala ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uppsala_university ) . 
  they are all tuition-free and handle applications through the same system . 
  i 'm in favour of centralisation . 
  local politics is better off if complex and expensive services like schools , health care , elderly care and emergency services are in the hands of a larger entity , be that a regional or national government , not only will the local entities be able to focus on things that are more in line with the competence of local politicians ( like leisure , town planning etc. 
  ) , you can also have smaller ( and thus more local ) municipalities . 
  one big consequence of the insistence of decentralising complex and expensive services onto municipalities that you can see in many european countries is that the municipalities keep merging into bigger and bigger entities because they are unable to bear the costs of financing and administering all the services they are expected to provide , making the supposedly `` local '' government a lot less local than it could and should be . 
  how could you ever meet someone if you are n't drunk ? 
  what a silly question !, 
  mosquitoes live anywhere where there 's standing water . 
  love living in a place were there are n't any mosquitoes at all . 
  some people find it a bit crude , but nobody really cares . 
  the concept of [ foreign branding ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_branding ) should n't be news to you . 
  [ this is pretty similar to what i was taught in sweden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grundschrift ), 
  i have dysgraphia and never learned to read or write in cursive and always had to remind older teachers to write in print . 
  never came across a teacher under the age of 50 who would write in cursive at the time , so i 'd imagine almost everyone who favours it has retired by now . 
  in fact i 'm not sure that they even bother trying to teach cursive any more . 
  i certainly hope they do n't . 
   what does man and kvinnor mean ? 
  men and women . 
  remember when l\u00e4tta tried to branch out into products other than margarine ? 
  the second chances . 
  of course , we 're not danes . 
  when i was a teenager the `` infamous '' resorts were all in either cyprus or bulgaria , aiya napa and sunny beach being particularly infamous . 
  we really are completely incapable of interacting with strangers while sober . 
  the schuko also does n't murder your foot if you accidentally step on it , unlike the uk plug that makes stepping on lego bricks seem like a gentle massage . 
   but let 's be honest , for the few minutes the weather is on you do n't need to be a genius . 
  with training most good presenters could do it . 
  after all , they 're not going to overcomplicate a forcast meant for the public . 
  on swedish tv the presenters frequently double as experts when a weather event significant enough to be mentioned in the regular news takes place , like a heat-wave or a hurricane , and they have off-screen duties beyond just presenting . 
  i have a bicycle that i have n't used more than a handful of times in the last 10 years . 
  on the eastern side of the iron curtain . 
   only at sit down restaurants where the food is served at the table , up to 10 % and that 's only if you really want to . 
  caravan trailers are generally more popular than camper vans in europe . 
   if a spanish couple of gomez garcia and jimenez lopez settles down in your country , will they be allowed to give a mixed family name of gomez jimenez to their child , as is spanish custom ? 
  they would have to choose one name as the legal surname and register the other as a middle name . 
  double-barrelled surnames were banned by the naming law of 1901 . 
   if a russian couple of ivanov and smirnova settles down in your country , will they be allowed to name their child daria ivanova ? 
  if a lithuanian couple of grybauskas and kazlauskien\u0117 settles down in your country , will they be allowed to name their child dalia grybauskait\u0117 ? 
  under swedish naming law a child must share a surname with at least one parent . 
   if both their original culture and your country use latin-based writing systems , will they be allowed to use letters that do not exist in your alphabet ? 
  only if it is a letter used in swedish , like \u00e9 or \u00fc . 
   will they have to modify their names to fit your naming customs or grammar rules ? 
  names that do n't fit into the given name - middle name - surname format established by swedish naming law presumably need to be modified to fit into it , otherwise no . 
  a question for others , how accommodating would your countries be to people with multiple given names , which is common in sweden ? 
  thanks , i 'll be doing my best germano mosconi impersonation the next time i visit italy instead !, 
   i like the look of the swedish one as it does n't just go for the simple coat of arms like the other ones . 
  i think we basically treat the passport the same way as bank notes , with easily identifiable designs that are changed every few years to keep up with technological advancements . 
  the pages for visas and stamps in the passport feature stylised drawings of our largest cities in the same style as the design on the cover , while a more detailed version of the cover design is featured on the final page of the passport . 
  yeah , i do n't think there is a single youth centre or upper-primary school in the country that does n't have a pool table . 
  laws must be enforced , and a ban on begging certainly will be at the cost of more meaningful but less visible police work as every beggar becomes a big sign saying `` the police are n't doing their jobs '' to the general public . 
  people like you crack me up , in one thread you complain about how dysfunctional our police force is and decry their inability to deal with real crimes , then in the next you advocate something that is the very definition of wasting police resources . 
  want a police force that can actually investigate and solve a crime that is n't murder ? 
  then stop demanding that they waste all their time taking care of drunks , harassing pot-heads and chasing kids with tuned mopeds . 
  a ban on begging would just be yet another demand taking time and resources away from actual police work to little benefit . 
   that should be adopted by more countries why ? 
  personally i 'd much rather have the police spend their time solving real crimes with actual victims instead of forcing them to waste their time enforcing even more meaningless bullshit than they already do . 
  people from southern europe . 
  as far as i am concerned , swearing is always appropriate . 
  walking with shoes on in someone 's home . 
   beer ... northern germany is not lacking in that area ... 
  one half of germany has hamburg , berlin and an actual coastline , the other has fc bayern , lederhosen and some car manufacturers . 
  the better choice should be obvious . 
  well , the good half of germany is in northern europe , 
  it 's available in scandinavia , the benelux , germany and some eastern european countries . 
   my mother used to buy loads of levi 's jeans whenever she would go on business trips to the us . 
  many successful clothing chains across europe got started doing exactly that . 
  donald duck may be an american character , but his true home is in northern europe . 
   i 'm really just curious how many sports you could comfortably bring up with a stranger and expect them to at least have a fair understanding of the game . 
  if you mean just know the basic rules , that would be a very long list . 
  if you mean being well-enough informed to know about and comment on yesterday 's results , you 'd be limited to football , hockey and which sport out of bandy/handball/floorball / basketball that happens to be popular locally , as well as skiing and the bigger athletics events . 
   especially skiing i think is relatively popular here , but might just be my perception . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  svt 's * vinterstudion * , which mostly covers skiing , routinely draws over 500k viewers , sometimes pushing close to a million . 
  no exams at all during the year . 
  grades are set based on body-of-work for the whole course . 
  still an eastern-swede at heart , are you ? 
  eric ix of sweden allegedly saw a golden cross on the blue sky as he landed in finland on a crusade in 1150 . 
  both the crusade and the alleged apparition are likely to be bunk . 
  i believe the oldest records of the flag actually being used are from the 15th or 16th century . 
  i 'll keep that advice in mind !, 
  when i looked at potential travel destinations two years ago budapest stood out to me as a place where even someone on a modest budget could live like a king for a few days . 
  i never actually went though as my travel partner backed out . 
  either way , scandinavia should be completely out of the question considering your opinion on rain . 
  as opposed to you , so ashamed of whatever shithole you come from that you do n't even have a flair . 
  on the contrary , how could anyone possibly convince themselves that it is n't ? 
  swedes are the pinnacle of humanity !, 
  cheek kissing is fucking weird . 
  this all sounds incredibly annoying to me as a swede ... 
  in those cases it 's probably so they can convert the room from a double to a single .
