  it 's fucking shite !, 
  \\ #freescotland, 
  do libraries in spain do dvd 's ? 
  [ spanish amazon has it otherwise . 
  ] ( https://www.amazon.es/celebraci\u00f3n-dvd-ulrich-thomsen/dp/b0053cbm6g/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1488569155&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=la+celebraci\u00f3n ), 
  milk or coca-cola . 
  depends on what i 'm eating . 
  sparkling water at restaurants . 
  it is illegal to dance at public venues such as bars and restaurants unless the venue has a dancing licence . 
  should spontaneous dancing erupt at a venue without a permit the managers of the venue must immediately act to stop the dancing , otherwise they face being fined and/or losing their alcohol licence . 
  it 's just the way it is . 
  having an opinion on it is pointless because it is n't going to change . 
  western sweden : mostly norwegians looking for cheaper food and drink , danes desperately searching for mountains and germans who got lost in their hunt for elk poo . 
  duckduckgo and opera . 
  we never really joke about ourselves , do we , / u/werkstadt ? 
  the two swedish grocery giants ica and coop both have everything from small corner shops to huge hypermarkets . 
  ica maxi and coop forum are the hypermarkets . 
  yes , i 'd say so . 
  danes being the sole exception , you can get away with saying far more negative things about them while being serious than you can with any other nationality or ethnicity and if you give what you say even the thinnest veneer of a joke you could push it within millimetres of outright calling for ethnic cleansing before people truly start taking offence . 
  the world is full of copies of michelangelo 's david . 
  my generation started having classes in english in the 3rd grade . 
  i think kids these days might even have them in 1st grade . 
  i already spoke a fair bit of english before i started school though thanks to the cartoon network and video games . 
  no , but i probably buried about two dozen toy cars in my sandbox . 
   john adams adam smith . 
  john adams was a founding father and the second president of the united states . 
  i would n't . 
  though if you put a gun to my head and forced me to i suppose our own version of * god save the king/queen * would n't be too bad . 
  bert karlsson was donald trump before it was cool . 
  i prefer my insane zeman 's to be chain-smoking football coaches , thank you very much . 
   i myself for example am pro-eu , but on this subreddit there is n't a single guy against it . 
  the eu is not a left-right issue . 
   right-wing people are 100 % being shunned in this place as a right wing liberal that 's not something i experience . 
   rather than just labelling anything remotely right-wing as evil . 
  that 's not how this sub is though . 
  the people who complain about this place being `` extreme left '' and hostile to right-wing posters tend to be political extremists themselves , who consider anything from centre-right and leftwards as `` extreme leftism '' . 
   volvo : sossecontainer ( socialist container , as in shipping container ) should be pointed out that refers to the old 700 and 900 series estates specifically and stems from their rather square but highly functional design . 
  calling them containers is apt as they are one of very few cars that can fit a euro-pallet in the boot . 
  french baroque is the first thought in my mind . 
  regional and local newspapers . 
  i did n't like it very much , but i do n't like tarantino very much in general either . 
   norwegian movies generally do suck but whenever one comes out and gets good reviews i might watch it , but that is n't too often so like 99 % of the movies i watch are foreign i 'm a big fan of joachim trier 's work , i thought * headhunters * was an excellent thriller and i thought both * max manus * and * kon-tiki * were very good . 
  * nokas * was a half-decent action film too . 
  danish cinema is miles ahead of both its norwegian and swedish counterparts though as far as scandinavian film goes . 
  they have individual directors who 've produced more quality over the last 10-20 years than swedish or norwegian cinema as a whole . 
  hundreds of them . 
  ping / u/savannajeff, 
  scandinavian countries have by far the most individual cultures in the world , so it definitely is n't us . 
  the swedish version is clickbaity rubbish too . 
  i do n't get why the other user would recommend it . 
   have i been mislead by media ? 
  yes . 
  football manager fans will be very familiar with former german national team goalkeeper jens mustermann , also known as oliver kahn . 
  at 0.34 % interest swedish student loans are practically free money . 
  even if you still live at home taking the loan is the best thing you could do as nobody else would ever give you a loan for that little interest , if you use it as the down-payment on your first own home or to kickstart your pension savings you will make money from it . 
  even just putting it all into a savings account could earn you a little money as many offer higher interest than the interest of the loan . 
  that ship sailed back in 1949 when norway and denmark joined nato and became irrelevant when denmark and sweden joined the eu . 
  the political cultures are too different , differing opinions on questions like the eu and nato are impassable hurdles and there 's no tangible benefit . 
   in addition to this , all individual acts are registered -- not just the latest occasion or the main crime . 
  in many other countries cases like these are filtered out and do not show up in the statistics . 
  this is a very important aspect . 
  if an abusive husband rapes his wife 10 times each month for a full year we would count that as 120 individual cases of rape , while most countries would write it down as a single case of rape . 
  well , i dated a dane once ... 
  does 9gag have a far-right downvoting brigade ? 
  because r/sweden certainly does !, 
  those damned russians , they ruined russia !, 
   for example `` dance '' , which you hear often in songs and other media . 
  how do you pronounce it ? 
  like a northerner . 
  and their population is still sinking like a stone . 
  this annoys me as a swedish speaker as well . 
  finns inability to distinguish b from p leads to some pretty funny mistakes in swedish , like `` h\u00e4mta porren '' ( fetch the porn ) instead of `` h\u00e4mta borren '' ( fetch the drill ) . 
  other users have already pointed out the more common issues swedes have with english pronunciation , but one thing i 've never really reflected on that much before is that i mix rhotic and non-rhotic pronunciations of words . 
  compared to swedish , you are absolutely supposed to . 
  swedish is a partially tonal language and has a `` singy '' melodic quality to it , english is not tonal , regardless of accent . 
  obafemi martins . 
  my thoughts were in scottish english for weeks afterwards the last time i saw trainspotting . 
  the problem is that you would have to pronounce everything else in hiberno-english too to actually get away with it . 
  that they are too small and forever cursed to be the whipping boy of the two big parties . 
   in belgium i think you 'd be hard-pressed to find a party that does n't align with your views . 
  unless you 're a belgian unionist in flanders . 
  in which case you 're fucked . 
  firmly against . 
  first , the government should not be in the business of forcing people to participate in the political process if they do not want to , second , people who are not informed should not vote . 
  the only cases where imperial measurements are used in sweden that i can think of are for measuring tv sets and computer screens and the wheel size of cars and bicycles . 
  the actual origin of ice hockey is disputed by historians . 
  the birthplace of the modern , organised sport of hockey is montreal , but its origin is unknown . 
  there are some historical sources , such as letters from charles darwin to his son , suggesting that the sport may have been invented in england , just like many others , other sources , like a dutch 17th century painting showing people playing a game with sticks on ice suggest it may have originated in continental europe , while others suggest a scottish or native american origin . 
   how popular is the nhl in sweden , compared to the shl ? 
  not very . 
  the brutal time difference means the nhl only has a niche audience . 
  the typical swedish nhl follower tends to either be a really hardcore hockey fan or someone who prefers the speed and physicality of the nhl game . 
   what teams are popular there ? 
  the new york rangers , the toronto maple leafs and the detroit red wings are by far the most popular teams . 
  the combination of having swedish stars and being from cities that the average swede has actually heard of gives them a big advantage over all the other teams , i 'd say that right now the rangers are by far the most popular , but 10-15 years ago before lundqvist it was probably the leafs thanks to salming and sundin . 
  not only was he not scottish , he was also a virulent scotophobe , * `` the noblest prospect which a scotchman ever sees , is the high road that leads to england '' * being a famous quote of his . 
   any people who has done post graduate studies with a bit mathematics must known about him . 
  that is a very , very small number of people on a global scale . 
   who is the most famous scot ? 
  considering manchester united are a big deal in places where western pop culture generally is n't i 'd say sir alex ferguson would be a good bet .
