  it 's a sense of extreme relief more than joy . 
  6th place is n't something people would celebrate , fans would be proud and happy and full of hope for a title challenge next year , but they definitely would n't be taking any naked swims in any fountains . 
  self-described `` libertarians '' tend to be drawn more to the centre party than the liberal party . 
  the main factions in the liberal party are social liberal and conservative liberal , neither advocate the kind of policies that would appeal to libertarians . 
  in sweden there 's a tiny fringe party called the classical liberal party that gets like 1000 votes each election . 
  that 's the closest equivalent of the american libertarian party i could think of . 
   at this point , they are largely irrelevant . 
  they gained a lot of seats in the most recent round of state elections and based on current opinion polling they 'll make it back into the bundestag in the next elections . 
  denmark is a wretched , godforsaken country populated by a perverse and alcoholic people , but their film industry is far , far superior to ours . 
  while our film industry keeps on making the same three terrible films over and over again the danes have ambition , drive , vision , creativity and originality in addition to actual talent . 
  denmark has directors like winding refn , von trier , bier , vinterberg et al. 
  while we 're stuck with a bunch of talentless hacks directing yet another beck film , with every director with even a hair 's worth of talent fleeing abroad at the first opportunity to escape our dysfunctional industry . 
  many european countries have opt-out systems for organ donations , rather than the opt-in system i believe you use in the us . 
  once upon a time it was a huge can of gas , but it has been a huge can of nothing for several decades . 
  coca-cola allegedly made an offer to have it painted as a coca-cola can back in the 1990s . 
  [ let me introduce you to the ugliest landmark in sweden . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e3/gasklockan_i_solnedg%c3%a5ng.jpg ) they 've been saying that it will be torn down for 20 years , but it still stands in all its brown glory . 
  it 's water off a duck 's back . 
  the top offerings from mercedes and bmw were bigger . 
  i 'm so out of touch that i do n't even know . 
  iirc it is given to any direct , unbroken , descendant of any italian citizen who emigrated after the italian unification . 
  so it can go much further back than grandparents . 
  op , are you a eu citizen ? 
  if not , it is going to be a monumental challenge for you to find work and gain a work-permit , especially as you do not speak any local languages fluently and lack local teaching credentials . 
  your best bet is to look for positions in depopulating rural areas , if you 're lucky they might be unable to find any qualified candidates and prefer you over someone who is completely unqualified . 
  op is far more likely to find a job some place small and remote that struggles to find qualified teachers than in global cities like brussels , geneva or paris where hundreds of thousands of people can speak english . 
  it was a one-off for 2012 , and it was essentially a combined england and wales team rather than a proper uk team as the scottish and northern irish fa 's never backed it . 
  iirc phd studets get paid in all the nordic countries . 
  edit : i realise i misread your post now , but what i said is still worth keeping in mind i guess . 
   either way , countries where universities are tuition free ought to be your priority . 
  do n't really know which age groups you are referring to with secondary school , but from my experience we had very little assigned reading both during the later years of primary school and at the gymnasium . 
  we always had scheduled reading time , but we were allowed to choose our own books . 
  the only books i remember being assigned are [ city of my dreams ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_of_my_dreams ) by per anders fogelstr\u00f6m and twenty thousand leagues under the sea by jules verne during the later years of primary school ( age 13 to 16 ) and joseph conrad 's heart of darkness at gymnasium ( age 16 to 19 ) . 
  city of my dreams definitely was n't a hit , i do n't think you could possibly come up with a book a 14-year-old boy from gothenburg would be less interested in reading than one romanticising working class life in 19th century stockholm . 
  i really enjoyed reading jules verne though . 
  at the gymnasium the class was separated into groups of 3 or 4 that each got assigned one book through a lottery , i remember some of the other groups got really pissed that my group was assigned a book that 's barely 100 pages long when they had to read bricks with more than 500 pages . 
  aside from heart of darkness i believe catch-22 , farenheit 451 and 1984 were in the lottery , plus another 3-4 books i ca n't remember now , 10 years later . 
  the bras d'honneur is famous . 
  does n't sound any more odd than nutella . 
  you would have to be unbelievably rich to never cook at home in sweden . 
  stimorol and extra are the most popular , as far as i can tell . 
  what drugs have you been smoking ? 
  so has the government 's ability to gather information . 
  sweden has not carried out a census in almost 30 years , yet the swedish central statistics office , [ scb ] ( http://www.scb.se ) , perhaps the best national statistics office in the world , has access to immeasurable amounts of information that a country relying on a census could only dream of . 
  the very idea of a census is obsolete . 
  the tax authority already knows where you live , how much you earn and how many people live in your household , maintaining another government bureaucracy simply to ask questions the government already knows the answer to is a complete waste of money . 
  but to answer your original question , no . 
  just like religion and political affiliation , it is none of the government 's business . 
   sugar is used more in europe because a protective tariff makes corn syrup more expensive there , but in the u.s. corn is a native crop and is more widely grown , so it 's a cheaper sweetener in the u.s. sugar only seems more `` normal '' to you because it 's what you 're used to seeing as a sweetener , but both products are equally natural . 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  the us has both high import tariffs and a production quota on sugar , which makes sugar much more expensive there than it is in europe . 
  the us also heavily subsidises the production of maize , which makes hfcs an affordable sugar substitute . 
  in a `` natural '' market , free of tariffs , quotas and subsidies , nobody would use hfcs . 
  canada or new zealand . 
  denmark and norway are lovely , but i would n't get anything from moving to a country so similar to my own . 
  i do n't think that sounds like very wise advice for someone travelling with two dogs . 
  in sweden we make jokes about norwegians , usually implying that they are either na\u00efve or stupid , often both . 
  some examples : why did the norwegian bring a car door to the desert ? 
  so he could roll down the window . 
  why did the norwegian crawl the floor of the supermarket ? 
  so he could find the low prices . 
  what do the norwegians use as a map in the desert ? 
  sandpaper . 
  indie rock . 
  as far as my taste in music goes , it 's still 2006 . 
  fifa is neither a company nor a corporation , and it is n't swiss . 
  enough to see through the whole bs `` i 'm libertarian and totally not a republican '' routine everyone that is n't a bible-thumper will pull . 
  like every other republican under 40 . 
   i 'm a libertarian also known as a closeted republican . 
  unelectable . 
  we already had our own donald trump moment 25 years ago with bert karlsson . 
  thankfully it is much more difficult for a populist clown to gain access to power in our political system than it is in the us . 
  honestly , the only thing thinking about the candidates does for me is remind me how terrible fptp voting is . 
  we had a 40 year head start on most other countries when it comes to making music in english , that 's why scandinavian , and especially swedish acts have been more internationally successful than any other non-anglophone country . 
  it is by far the strongest foreign cultural influence in our country aside from the americans . 
  you have a very strange idea of what `` not much '' means . 
   good weather , good wages in europe , those two are usually mutually exclusive . 
  the viking age is the only one of those i remember us studying to any degree during our history lessons , and that was in like 3rd grade . 
  in fact i do n't think we studied any specifically swedish history after 5th grade . 
  chrome does n't have a british english word list ? 
  with opera i have a british english word list for the spell checker so that it correctly underlines words like `` analyze '' , `` color '' and `` gray '' as misspelled . 
   it 's not uk , it 's specific to london . 
  it may be mostly associated with cockney , but rhyming slang is used in other dialects of english too . 
  if you ever read any of irvine welsh 's works you 'll come across some scottish rhyming slang ( like `` hampden roar '' ) for example . 
   here they 're just a crime and radicalisation factory . 
  you get in as a petty dealer you come out of it as a radical islamist or affiliated with organized crime . 
  that happens in scandinavia as well . 
  remember the guy who attacked a freedom of speech event and a jewish community centre in copenhagen last year ? 
  he was radicalised while in prison . 
  i do n't think there is a single supermarket in all of sweden that is open 24/7 . 
  it simply is n't financially viable , a night shift costs almost twice as much as the day shift , but would serve much fewer customers . 
  some gas stations are open 24/7 though , they will only have one employee working and customers have to order everything they want through a `` night hatch '' . 
  as for public transport , i believe most lines in the city where i live shut down sometime between 23:00 and 02:00 and start running again sometime between 04:00 and 06:00 . 
  i think some of the major tram and bus lines keep running close to 24/7 though . 
   finding a place to park your car might be trickier in a lot of cities i remember driving around central copenhagen for almost three hours trying to find a parking space when i went there a few years ago . 
  bad times . 
  they would have no legal means of settling elsewhere . 
  non-citizens have no freedom of movement . 
  if a quota system is implemented those assigned to countries in eastern europe would either have to accept that or go home . 
  that na\u00efve and inept green parties seem to be the only ones who actually care about the threat that global warming poses .
