  long may he reign !, 
  based on what my romanian friend has said there are a lot more factors than just money that is pushing emigration . 
   restoration of the monarchy who would be monarch ? 
  ohh !, 
  now i 'm jealous instead !, 
  i hope you at least got the cool stickers from your dentist !, 
  `` the final solution to the danish question '' ? 
  what i was going to answer too . 
  the reward after so many childhood doctor 's visits . 
  the blue ones were particularly awesome . 
  gothenburgers do not like stockholm and stockholmers very much , no . 
  netflix , spotify premium , hbo and c more . 
  i also share a viaplay account with someone . 
  i 'll unsubscribe from c more after this month though , it 's not worth paying half of what my season ticket costs every month just to watch my clubs away matches . 
  they literally do n't have anything else in their sports package that interests me and their selection of films is mediocre . 
   but seriously , trying to alienate and look down on people that do not live at university campus only makes you look like a dick . 
  so does looking down upon the people who live at a university campus . 
   i 'd say , the more shit talking about stockholm , the more statistically likely it is that the person is a `` redneck '' . 
  you 've never been to gothenburg , obviously . 
  18 \u00b0 c , sunny with a slight breeze is perfect . 
  warm enough to go outside in just a t-shirt but not so warm that you 'd break a sweat . 
  maybe it does n't feature as prominently in italy , but here pasta and other food products always make it very clear that they are made in italy . 
  gone on dates yes , been in an actual relationship no . 
  that 's manchester , but close enough i suppose !, 
  yeah , just what i was about to post . 
  in terms of clothing a baseball cap would be just about the last thing that would identify someone as an american . 
  but i bet you love knives !, 
  this is reddit , you 're meant to say darude - sandstorm !, 
  this suffers from having been made by a ( judging by the default answers presumably conservative ) american , thus restricting it to issues considered important by americans and answers to those issues that are common in american political debate . 
  notice how there is no option for a constitutional monarchy , even though it is the form of government for some of the world 's most successful democracies , or any option to omit a minimum wage in favour of collective bargaining ? 
  then there is the issue with the nonsensical application of sliders . 
  it 's like how it was playing football manager before they introduced the player roles , you just pulled the sliders right or left without having any fucking clue of what that did or what the slider was meant to represent . 
  `` agriculture funding 50 % '' ? 
  50 % of what ? 
  50 % of gdp ? 
  50 % of the government budget ? 
  50 % of all agricultural production ? 
  you have to wonder how long it takes before the pendulum swings and tattoos become uncool again , like large glasses , curvy trousers and facial hair after the 1970s . 
  same as any other weekday . 
  there 's nothing special about friday when you do n't drink . 
  what ?!?!, 
  :o all these years i 've been living in the darkness !, 
  nope . 
  my grandparents were too young and too swedish to have fought in the war . 
  blue jeans , grey hoodie , a ball cap , a black lyle & scott windbreaker and one of my thousands of pairs of sneakers . 
  different every day . 
  yesterday 's leftovers if i 'm at home , whatever is served as * dagens * if i am out . 
  network issues . 
  bored . 
  good . 
  being optimistic about the sports teams i follow . 
  is n't everyone on reddit a `` scientist '' ? 
  leaving the bag in for too long makes the tea bitter . 
  also , if someone invites you to their home you should definitely wear shoes inside . 
  n. n. in public documents and the like . 
  medelsvensson ( literally * average svensson * ) or just svensson when talking about an average person , sven svensson if the situation calls for a full name . 
   i think most new cars are sold with a automatic transmission nowadays . 
  probably true for sweden , but not europe as a whole . 
  we buy larger and more expensive cars than most other europeans , as / u/explosivemachine pointed out elsewhere in the thread the smaller , cheaper models that dominate the market on most of the continent often are n't available with automatic transmission . 
  for a long time manual cars were much more fuel efficient than automatic , performance was better and most significantly they were cheaper . 
  all of these are less of an issue now than they used to be thanks to technological advances , but old habits die hard . 
  / u/explosivemachine has pointed out the key factor though , that you ca n't get a full driving licence without knowing how to drive a manual car . 
  it is no use to anyone that a manual accelerates to 100 a second faster , gets further on a single tank of fuel and costs two grand less than an automatic car if nobody knows how to drive one . 
  you mean there 's music where people actually sing ?!? 
  must have trouble understanding your own thoughts then !, 
  anything between 3 and 20 . 
  i 'm one of those people who start reading lots of books but hardly ever finish one though . 
  i read [ hillbilly elegy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hillbilly_elegy ) by j.d. 
  vance between christmas and new year and found it pretty interesting . 
   it 's always better than this weird machine that lets the inside of food cold and the plate burning as hell you 're using it wrong . 
  they would n't have anything to be resentful about . 
  the upper classes used to be pretty serious germanophiles , that stopped after the war and the anglo and americophilia that was already widespread in the lower classes took over , but resentment ? 
  germany simply fell from being a place thought of as admirable to a country like any other . 
  yeah , they charge flag carrier rates for low-cost levels of service . 
  the last time i flew with them the stingy fuckers wanted over 600 kr to check-in a bag unless you did it two days in advance and in case you got thirsty a tiny can of coke was over 70 kr . 
  people in the thread are being really critical of ba , but sas make them seem like the greatest airline in the world by comparison . 
  free food and drink used to be a staple of flag carrier service , though many of them have cut back on it over the last 20 years or so as a budget measure . 
  more prestigious flag carriers like lufthansa , air france , klm etc. 
  still do it . 
   they offer no food or drink at all for free on short haul which is fair enough have they changed policy since last summer ? 
  because i got free food and drink when i flew with them from paris to london and from london to gothenburg . 
  anyway , i 'm surprised to see someone writing negatively about ba not mentioning their issues with delays . 
  they use heathrow as their hub , which causes serious issues with delays because that airport is in dire need of expansion . 
  there are so many beck and wallander films at this point that they both practically make up genres of their own . 
  eggs , pickled herring , meatballs and prinskorv , basically the usual sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord stuff that gets eaten at every major holiday , including christmas and midsummer . 
  my local shop had that stuff on sale for weeks ahead of easter . 
  did n't seem to be very popular as the same sad packet of it was left untouched on the same shelf in the refrigerator . 
  in the laundry room . 
  it 's more common and entrenched into the local identity here , you 're not going to find many other cities where literally every place has at least one witty pun as a nickname . 
   matador , is a true classic , everybody has seen it . 
  my danish friend disagreed and referred to it as `` a show for old people '' when i asked her about it a few weeks ago . 
  it has nothing to do with governments fucking up , it 's just the way pension schemes are set up in most of the world , they were all designed under the assumption that working people would always outnumber pensioners , the way demographics has changed over the last 70 years and continues to change that will not be the case for very long . 
  or the famous [ industrial waste ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c\u00eeroc ) !, 
  you can drink the former sunderland manager ? 
  for uniquely swedish alcohol there 's [ punsch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/punsch ), 
  having been born in the 90s i hold no hope of ever receiving a single \u00d6re from the public pension system , our generation will be lucky to get public pensions when we are 75 + , if ever . 
  i have confidence that the part of the pension fund that is invested in investment funds will pay out , but this forms such a small part of the overall public pension system compared to the unsustainable tax-based part that i have a hard time seeing very many living off of it alone . 
  i put money into a handful of index funds each month with the intention of eventually retiring early . 
  i put away enough that i should be able to retire at 55 or so and live the rest of my life in relative comfort unless something really unusual happens to the global stock market within the next 25 years . 
  if i get lucky i guess i might even be able to retire at 45 or 50 .
