  everything i 've ever heard from people in other countries makes them sound like an absolute mess that just stresses the students out and encourages cramming rather than learning . 
  and christians obviously prefer going to europe , while the yazidis want to go wherever they are n't seen as devil-worshippers . 
  only in your perverse fantasies . 
  it 's not an accident that almost all of the least religious regions of europe are regions that used to be lutheran . 
  we have grown irreligious because we belonged to a church who 's theology allowed us to do so , while catholic and orthodox countries are considerably more religious because the connection between the individual and the church is much stronger in those denominations . 
  the influence of lutheranism is in other areas too , like in our attitude towards work , the jante law and our sense of fairness . 
  hell , one could even argue that our design and architecture are influenced by lutheran ideas of modesty and humility . 
  it makes a whole world of difference to every single person among those 10 000 refugees . 
  lutheran values still permeate through the very fabric of scandinavian society . 
  most modern scandinavians are just too religiously illiterate to notice its influence . 
   how can those countries ever develop if all the highly skilled engineers and doctors have gone to europe ? 
  `` brain-drain '' is actually more beneficial to the countries that people are emigrating from than having the educated people stay . 
  the money emigrants send home from developed countries contribute more to economic development than anything the doctors and engineers would do in their home country . 
   i ca n't move to iceland and become a citizen yes you can . 
  you need 7 years of legal residency , but you can get it quicker under certain provisions . 
  you can become a japanese citizen too , if you want to . 
  if you have sufficient means to support yourself , have obeyed the law and are willing to renounce your previous citizenship , you can become a japanese citizen after 5 years of residency . 
  tl ; dr : you have no idea what you are talking about . 
   g\u00f6teborg - cool guys and fishers . 
  you forgot about the puns . 
  i think there 's been research done in italy that said something like 70-80 % of ultras there are apolitical , and italy is infamous for being a country where virtually every ultras group has a political stance . 
  most are just people who are really passionate about their clubs , most curves end up turning political because it is easy for the minority that are strongly political to organise themselves and take control , since the majority does n't care . 
  i think it might be in certain disciplines . 
  it 's pretty famous for being near-impossible to get into . 
  chalmers is pretty prestigious too . 
  the end is nigh !, 
  i 'm sure livorno 's ultras would have banners welcoming refugees , while those of hellas verona would call for refugees to die in a fire . 
  you do n't get to put up a banner in the ultras section without the ultras approval . 
   the views of 5 people the ultras groups who make such banners are generally much more numerous than 5 people . 
  french ultras are not apolitical either . 
   it 's worth to note that this is summer olympics . 
  it 's for all olympics . 
  it is the [ nocebo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nocebo ) effect . 
  the symptoms are real , but the sickness is imaginary . 
  almost non-existent . 
  unless the waiting staff are your best friends you do n't leave anything more than the change , and even that is uncommon , especially with the widespread use of credit cards and other non-cash forms of payment . 
  tipping is an awful practice unbefitting of a modern , civilised society . 
  it is the responsibility of the restaurant owner to pay his staff , not the customers . 
  in some sports the national team eligibility requirements are really , really weak . 
  one thing that i 've always liked about italy is that it has really strong regional sports cultures , you have rugby towns , you have basketball towns , you have volleyball towns and even an ice hockey town , wherever you go each town you visit will have its own sporting identity . 
   the official reason was `` sniffing his hands '' . 
  no , that 's the reason given by the parents in their interactions with the media . 
  the cps in scandinavian countries never disclose the details of individual cases to the public . 
  lets be honest here , if you are a terrible parent and have your children taken away by cps , you 're not going to tell the media that the cps took away your children because you are a terrible parent , you 're going to tell the media that the evil cps took away your children for no reason at all , or for something silly and overzealous . 
  meanwhile the cps ca n't defend themselves by getting their own account out to the media because the details of cps cases are kept secret to protect the children . 
  as i understand it much of it stems from the herding of reindeer , only the sami are allowed to carry it out and landowners in traditional herding areas have to grant access to their land and ca n't freely alter land used for herding . 
   you 're saying that they 're opponents of a lot of things they are n't . 
  they are n't `` opponents of urbanisation '' or `` globalisation '' or `` feminism '' or `` liberal economics '' . 
  do you even have any support for your claims ? 
  you do n't think there are people in this country who are unhappy about the rural areas de-populating , the consequences of de-industrialisation or the death of the nuclear family ? 
  you really need to start educating yourself on what leading sweden democrats like mattias karlsson actually believe . 
   why would people vote for opponents of ` everything good ' ? 
  are 20 % of swedes litterally the devil ? 
  because different people have differing views on what good actually is . 
  a nationalist or a conservative will have a very different view of the world than a liberal or a socialist . 
  in this country we 've spent the last 20-30 years pretending the first two do n't exist . 
  i 've argued here before that the support for sd extends much further than just the immigration issue , and that the people who think the support for sd would crash if the other parties adjusted their stance on immigration are fooling themselves . 
  sd is an outlet for nationalists , opponents of globalisation , opponents of the eu , opponents of urbanisation , opponents of feminism , opponents of liberal economics , opponents of lgbt-rights , opponents of abortion , proponents of `` traditional family values '' , proponents of a `` tough on crime '' approach and a wide variety of other , mostly socially conservative views . 
  what these all have in common is that they are opinions that have n't had much , if any representation in swedish politics for a long time , but they are beliefs that many people in this country have and most of these people have felt left out . 
  the idea that sd are a single-issue party , or that their voters are single-issue voters is foolish , they have a dedicated core of voters who are genuinely nationalists and social conservatives , and the idea that most of them would jump to other parties if the other parties changed their migration policies runs contrary to the evidence from our neighbouring countries . 
  the danish people 's party kept on growing even after both the major parties started adopting their immigration policies and both norway and finland have much lower immigration than us yet both the progress party and the true finns get significant support from voters . 
  we 've had this idea that we 're all irreligious , socially progressive , pacifistic and compassionate people who want equality , a peaceful world and a just society in this country , and that idea has been proven wrong . 
  now that the genie has come out of the bottle it will be impossible to get it back in again . 
  the idea that sd are only growing because of the immigration issue is a gross oversimplification , it infantilises their voters and their concerns and it is ruining the political debate in this country . 
  everyone keeps talking about what the moderate party and the social democrats need to do to win back voters from the sweden democrats , but nobody would ever talk the same way about the people who vote for the left party , the green party or the christian democrats . 
  and i say that as someone who disagrees with sd on literally every single issue . 
  honestly , people here in the south barely know the sami people exist . 
  we know they keep reindeer , wear strange clothes and have a funny way of singing , that 's just about everything we know about them . 
   i would argue that the concept of representative democracy is not truly democratic in the first place as you 're taking decisions further from the people than you need to . 
  as someone who believes in representative democracy i would instead argue that direct democracy forces the people to make more decisions than they are interested in and forces them to make decisions on more issues than they could possibly inform themselves about , leading to low turnout and voting from self-interest . 
   a referendum is democracy in its purest form . 
  if that subverts the existing political system , then that 's a good thing . 
  historically , democracy has often damaged vested interests and that 's why elites have always hated the concept . 
  decisions should lie with the people , not with a self-interested political elite . 
  the sense of choice created by a referendum is largely an illusion . 
  like with an opinion poll , the real power lies in the hands of the people phrasing the questions and the answers . 
  referendums are only a suitable alternative on issues that can easily be phrased into a neutral yes or no question and that all voters have an opinion on , like independence or eu membership . 
  the sweden democrats as a nationalistic party believe sweden should be for the swedish people , their ideology really does n't leave any place for granting special rights to national minorities like the sami people . 
  beyond that , some people up north resent the sami people for a variety of reasons , pandering to those people might gain a party like the sweden democrats a few votes . 
  they are occasionally questioned about their stance on the sami , but they always try to evade answering because the only answers they could give that are consistent with their ideology would be to either assimilate the sami people , or to grant them independence , neither of which would be a very popular answer . 
  ~ ~ the sweden democrats believe all minorities should be assimilated , including the long established national minorities . ~ ~ ~ ~ there 's also some resentment towards the sami from non-samis up north that i am sure sd would be happy to take advantage of . ~ ~ the sweden democrats as a nationalistic party believe sweden should be for the swedish people , their ideology really does n't leave any place for granting special rights to national minorities like the sami people . 
  beyond that , some people up north resent the sami people for a variety of reasons , pandering to those people might gain a party like the sweden democrats a few votes . 
  they are occasionally questioned about their stance on the sami , but they always try to evade answering because the only answers they could give that are consistent with their ideology would be to either assimilate the sami people , or to grant them independence , neither of which would be a very popular answer . 
  edit : copy-pasted in a more elaborate answer from a post i wrote below . 
  there are several parties who advocate right wing economics . 
  it 's when you want traditional conservative social policies that you start running out of alternatives . 
  referendums are not a part of the normal democratic process in a representative democracy . 
  to argue for them is to argue going around the normal democratic process . 
  in this case jimmie \u00c5kesson is suggesting something that would be beneficial to his own interests , since he knows he will never get his policies enacted through the normal democratic process unless his party gains more than 50 % of the seats in parliament on its own , which is n't very realistic , but he could get a favourable result in a referendum depending on how the questions are worded , which would either pressure other parties to adjust their policies to be more like those of his party , or provide him with justification to accuse the other parties of being undemocratic and acting against the will of the people . 
  even if he loses just getting the referendum to take place would be seen as a victory by his supporters , so he and his party would benefit regardless of the outcome . 
  of course there 's never actually going to be a referendum , but saying that he wants one is a great way for jimmie to paint himself as a man of the people and his opponents as stubborn elitists . 
  because there 's nothing reddit loves quite as much as old news . 
  a complete waste of both time and money . 
  [ what the majority wants is not always good . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority ), 
  and the camps were so great that everyone sent to them chose to stay for years !, 
   protestants protesters . 
  do n't besmirch the good name of the true evangelical faith \u2122 by associating it with those barbarians . 
  there 's an infamous quote with sarkozy using it with regards to the banlieues . 
   look , if there existed a magical island on which we could live , but needed to kill intelligent creatures on a regular basis to survive there , do you think it would even be worth living there ?
