  the loss of eastern sweden in 1809 . 
  to someone who has been religious losing belief is a major personal crisis , regardless of what you think . 
   `` one ex-muslim i know went to get therapy from a white female therapist and in the end she referred him to a muslim support network . '' fucking ` ell . 
  story that had bullshit written all over it turns out to be bullshit ? 
  what a shock !, 
  they should play a round of golf together . 
  it 'd be one for the ages for sure !, 
  do n't party too hard !, 
  this is essentially a battle between the social liberal faction ( and likely some of the classical liberals ) represented by ohlsson and the more conservative liberal faction of the party . 
  hopefully it resolves without causing a major rift in the party , because it really ca n't afford to have big , public disputes on issues like this . 
  i 'm guessing the middle and upper classes are more religious ? 
  they are n't bad , they just go along the shorelines of massive fjords or up the sides of mountains . 
  if you 're driving north i suggest you stick to the coast because the inland is fucking boring . 
  between mora and norrbotten there 's absolutely nothing but trees and semi-abandoned villages . 
  as far as dangerous places go , there 's no need to give advice because tourists wo n't go to those areas of our major cities anyway . 
   why do tourists drive slower ? 
  have you seen what norwegian roads look like ? 
  no longer glorifying a criminal , murderous regime is not the same as erasing the past . 
   state archives from the soviet period , including those of its shady security services , are to be made public . 
  totally something someone who wants to erase the past would do , right ? 
  we did n't plan that far . 
  also , one major issue that was n't brought up in the article is that cash-less businesses alienate those involved in the underground economy . 
  there are cash-free businesses in sweden already . 
  i was meant to go somewhere in eastern europe with a friend , but she started dating someone so now i have no plans . 
  might go to scotland in august or september if i can find the money . 
   it 's not even sold outside of na . 
  you can buy it in sweden . 
  not very common , but it exists . 
  newcastle brown ale . 
   sweden also sees its population growing 1 % annually . 
  yay , refugees !, 
  a famous swedish composer ? 
  there 's no such thing !, 
  i 'm having an erection !, 
  politicians tend to want votes today , not 8 years from now . 
  it 's a fickle game . 
  after a minimum of 5 years , if they even want to . 
  hardly a sound method of attracting voters . 
  i like how you think !, 
  private schools , in the international sense , are virtually non-existent in sweden . 
   i hate r\u00f8de p\u00f8lser you should consider emigrating northwards . 
  white tortilla to what ? 
  incognito works for the economist . 
  the spl would become the best football league in europe over night if this happened . 
  not really , no . 
  sweden . 
  get your name on a waiting list at a website like [ boplats ] ( https://nya.boplats.se ) at least two years in advance . 
  / u/embicek does though . 
   during the wild 90 's czech state was sufficiently defunct not to make any obstacles for porn production yet still able to keep violent criminality down . 
  everything was absurdly cheap there . 
  prague and budapest became the porn capitals because they offered cheap production and freedom from government interference . 
  and op 's question was about actresses , not production locations . 
   probably some terrible and boring neapolitan melodic pop shit talking bout sun , sea , love and shit like that . 
  you mean like [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1qjwhwvgp8 ), 
  because we 're nice , 
  this is the most reasonable answer in the thread . 
  if prague and budapest is where you do business , it makes sense for you to get most of your workers from prague and budapest . 
  same reason why like 80 % of all american porn actresses are from california . 
  if for some reason the european porn industry was based in say , lisbon and copenhagen instead , there would be lots of portuguese and danish actresses instead . 
  on a similar note the romans and the greeks sure twisted european culture in their image . 
   so , we are now ( again ) job stealing eastern europeans ? 
  i 'd be absolutely floored with laughter if i ever heard a pole accuse others of being that !, 
  you should probably live where there is work to be found . 
  unless you have a trust fund to live on , of course . 
  go to norway and you 'll find plenty of young ladies up for some love-making with a handsome foreigner . 
  you 'd be surprised !, 
  languages are a gateway to culture and seeing the world through different perspectives . 
  speaking only english locks you to an anglophone view of the world , you are limited to works written in or translated into english and to thoughts and concepts that have an english word . 
  when you speak another language you get access both to the original versions of great works , as well as works that have not been translated , you also get exposed to words and concepts that lack direct equivalents in other languages and cultures . 
  the more languages you speak , the greater opportunity you have to understand humanity and the world we live in . 
  my own decision to study french was based on nothing but pure opportunism , however . 
  i 'm guessing that figure includes a loan also . 
  i love lamp !, 
  what exactly does this have to do with europe ? 
  unsurprisingly , the most religious part of sweden has the highest fertility rate . 
  i wonder how the person who parked the car like that expects to move his/her front-wheel driven car when ( s ) he eventually wants to drive somewhere else ? 
  i 'm sure they 'll be back in some other form sooner or later , much like how svenskarnas parti was a re-branded version of nationalsocialistisk front . 
  i 'm just saying it 's been hard for anyone to remain unaware of the existence of right sector given all the wordpoop about `` right sector nazi kiev junta '' spread by putinbots , no need for insults . 
   illegal immigrants travelling overland are registered by the authorities and have to claim asylum in that first ( eu ) country . 
  yes , that 's the rules laid down by the [ dublin regulation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) . 
  the `` brothers of italy '' are the old fascists , are n't they ? 
  the lega does n't really look that far right when you consider that there are still full-blown , self-described fascists represented in the italian parliament . 
  as every putinbot has reminded us for the last two years . 
   and why is orban against the eu asylum quota ( called it a `` crazy idea '' ) if hungary would be one of the beneficiaries ? 
  because he 's a right-wing populist , who 's main opposition comes from a far-right nationalist party ? 
  why would he say anything at all that 'd be seen as positive towards immigrants ? 
  of course he does . 
  while i agree with all four points , i 'm sceptical that genuine deoligarchization would ever be carried out by a president who is himself an oligarch . 
  belgium has no freedom of panorama . 
   it sucks to be a polish liberal . 
  one thing i always think about when reading the results of foreign elections is just how lucky i am to live in a country that has a serious , respectable party in parliament that largely represents my own views and my ideology . 
  on the european scale serious liberal parties with any kind of electoral support seems a rarity . 
  neo-nazis and radical muslim groups cooperating is n't completely unheard of , their shared hatred of jews and israel brings them together . 
  let 's not forget about them threatening journalists , intimidating voters and otherwise attempting to disrupt elections . 
  real bunch of winners , that lot . 
  welcome to fptp . 
  2-3 decades from now is when the offspring of any new natalist policies would be entering the workforce . 
  shut up !, 
  food is n't a problem .
