  the whole business model of the chain zara depends on the quick product cycles made possible by producing clothes locally . 
  earthquakes can happen anywhere , it 's just very , very rare for them to happen outside of known geologically active zones and even rarer for them to be strong enough to cause damage . 
  there have been some really big quakes ( as in 7.0 + ) like that recorded though , iirc . 
  we had a small earthquake in gothenburg last year , i remember it felt like someone slammed the front door . 
   there 's fairly little that can be done to prevent this there 's quite a lot that could be done , actually . 
  building standards , crisis management , emergency response , early warning systems etc. 
  there 's lots of angles to go at something like this if you want to generate a political discussion . 
  just like after the l'aquila earthquake building standards seems like a particularly suitable point for outrage . 
  and snus . 
  and apparently some people smuggle candy because it is cheaper here . 
  i 'm hardly an expert on estonian politics , but it strikes me as rather unlikely that you 'd be implementing finnish-styled alcohol policies any time soon . 
   i think most of the french are in favor of the ban . 
  you might think that justifies the ban , but all it does is paint a very negative picture of the french people . 
  the good old days , when the men were men , the women were men , the children were men and the horses were men !, 
  comments and karma changes over time , when i made my comment the top comments in this thread were generally supportive of the ban and the police action in the article . 
  do n't forget the fucking bruins !, 
  evidently not , judging by the comments in this thread . 
   someone with gun could really act in selfdefence and shot those brainless figures . 
  for anyone potentially confused by this sentence ; the czech republic is one of the few countries in europe where `` self-defence '' is considered a valid argument for gun ownership . 
  buy an old , boring car and they 'll stop . 
   reddit should consider embedding linked articles directly in the post , so that more people are inclined to read it . 
  that would be copyright infringement , so it will never happen . 
  it 's the cynical view you hold that is the na\u00efve and unrealistic one . 
  as someone else already mentioned , you do n't need to look further than the fact that both sides respected the ban on chemical weapons during the second world war to see that bans on weapons that cause unnecessary suffering are respected . 
  military commanders realise that treating the enemy with cruelty ultimately only leads to your own men suffering more as the enemy replies with the same treatment . 
  yeah , / r/europe has taught me that restaurants in france are legally obliged to provide you with bread and tap water with your meal . 
  it 's illegal to be driving impaired . 
  if you seem drunk despite being under the limit for alcohol there 's probably something else going on with you that should prevent you from driving , like fatigue or illness . 
  as the legion motto goes , * legio patria nostra * . 
  yeah , the level of one 's political craziness has very little correlation with one 's iq . 
  the useful idiots come from both extremes . 
  the fall of the soviet union made the old invasion defence seem redundant . 
  the old conscription-based military was scrapped in favour of a smaller and more specialised professional force geared towards carrying out missions abroad . 
   because art theft is some serious crime art theft is a * very * serious crime . 
  the values involved are usually far higher than for bank robberies even , and money is replaceable , a van gogh is n't . 
  smallpox would n't matter much as we have vaccines . 
  now , the spanish flu on the other hand ... 
  the car for james may 's american cousin !, 
  only if you live like a monk . 
  something most actual construction workers certainly do n't . 
  nothing says family values quite like wife beating !, 
  would n't be surprised if internet usage and the access to fine journalistic institutions like rt and sputnik news it provides plays a role . 
  the balkans runs strong in you two !, 
  yes , `` road construction '' . 
  it looks like a german export plate to me . 
   most of those old rails go to villages that would never support the cost of a modern railroad . 
  the concept of money and its inherent scarcity seems to be entirely foreign to him . 
   because a lot of people would need those railroads . 
  if they did , they would n't have been taken out of service and closed . 
  the difference between belarus and russia is the difference between an authoritarian dictatorship and a kleptocracy . 
  but its availability does impact the need and demand for public transport . 
  in 1920 automobiles were something only the absolute cr\u00e8me of society could afford , which left trains ( and ships ! ), 
  as the only means by which most of society could travel anything but the very shortest distances . 
  as more and more people could afford cars and society as a whole became more urbanised the need for such extensive railway networks went away . 
  why ? 
  do you want to keep unused rail lines open just for the sake of it ? 
  have monte dei paschi sold off their art collection yet ? 
  how many people were shot by danish police ? 
  how many died ? 
  0 for both ? 
  homicide rates are pretty much the only crime statistics that can be reliably compared between nations as homicide is a term with a very clear definition . 
  there are some exceptions though , for example the japanese police have a habit of turning murders that are difficult to solve into `` suicides '' and `` accidents '' , which makes their numbers unreliable . 
  in sweden police officers are never truly off-duty . 
   most of our main defence infrastructure is still in western poland , because during the cold war we were planning to fight in west germany/denmark rather than on the polish-soviet border . 
  so you 're saying the government should invest in eastern poland ? 
  the short-term goal of the project was a success , thousands of swedes saw their living standards rise dramatically , but the long-term result of the project is nothing but an unmitigated disaster . 
  the planners thought the great new future they were building would attract people from all levels of society , but it soon became evident that people would quickly move somewhere else if they could , leaving only those without the means to do so left . 
  as has been seen all across europe and north america , centralising poverty in that way is not a good idea . 
  the failure of the million program is inseparable from the failure of modernist urban planning in general , it built giant concrete behemoths in distant suburbs without any interest in what people actually want or desire based on lofty ideals of creating a better people and unfulfilled dreams of a car-centric future . 
  the end result is a whole bunch of suburbs full of concrete blocks both physically and demographically segregated from the rest of society that do nothing but act as a gigantic magnet of crime and poverty . 
  most of the `` problem areas '' talked about in news coverage and political debate were built during the million program , and those that were n't are built in the same style , with the same planning and the same ideals . 
  it was also an absolute disaster the consequences of which will still be felt a hundred years from now . 
  the myth of dirty foreign ships stealing all the fish is one that has been handed down from father to son in fishing villages for generations . 
  are they going back to making rubber boots ? 
  i 'd rather have the churches from the op than the tacky eyesores that google search showed me . 
  knowing how modernist town planning worked , i doubt any of them are within walking distance of a bedroom window . 
  most of what was built between about 1950 and 1980 is like that in most of the world , not just finland . 
  * slams fist into table *, 
  that 's actually pretty cool . 
  the building at the right edge of the photo looks much uglier based on what is visible in the picture . 
  most of those would look really cool if someone actually bothered to clean them . 
  it 's probably the biggest problem with concrete as a building material , it looks horrendous if it is n't maintained properly and cleaned frequently . 
  i like it . 
  it 's west of the urals . 
  that 's really the only definition of what is europe and what is asia that everyone can agree upon . 
  there are almost as many definitions of europe as there are people interested in geography . 
  elektrenai is famous for three things , a powerplant , ice hockey and that church . 
  i think there might be a bug in reddit , i 've seen it happen with a lot of titles lately . 
   unless you 're willing to accept attacks like have been seen this year as a somewhat regular fact of modern life . 
  they are going to be no matter what action is taken . 
  we can take steps to reduce the risk and potential damage , but terrorism is unavoidable , especially lone-wolf attacks like the one yesterday . 
  there will always be weak spots that people committed to killing for a cause can exploit , trying to eliminate them all will do nothing but tear the society we wish to protect apart . 
  because the only people convinced to have more children by such programs , or indeed almost all natalistic policies , are those at the very bottom of society who already reproduce at or above replacement rate . 
  the decline in birth rates are driven by the middle and upper-middle class , monetary incentives have very little effect on them . 
  higher child benefits will not convince a medical student to delay her education or a lawyer to take another 6-18 months off from work to have a second or a third child because the long-term cost of those decisions is far greater than the short-term gain offered by benefits . 
  countries are far better off carrying out reforms that improve the work-life balance for parents , like free or subsidised daycare , paid parental leave , shorter work-weeks etc. 
  `` paris bans poor people from driving '', 
  there is n't exponential growth elsewhere though . 
  have sex for the boys in green !, 
  because jesus told them to .
