  but whatever , we should n't even process these people : let 's just call / ~ ~ r ~ ~ u/detoxxin and ask him if they 're too brown to be refugees -- god knows the amount of money we 'd save, 
  to establish whether they are refugees or economic migrants you need to process their applications . 
  we can not process all these people . 
  we can not send them away because of countless laws and treaties that prevent us from : * not rescuing a sinking ship * turning away asylum applicants without processing them * invading libya and patrolling the north african coast to prevent these people from sailing, 
  they receive formal sos requests of which they have records in their computers and shit . 
  there have been some prosecutors who investigated them but they found nothing illegal . 
  you get it ? 
  different category of buildings ? 
  towers are buildings ... 
  you 're just tossing words around without making any sense . 
  for those who wo n't get to see it , / u/jubjeta :  holy shit , really ? 
  i applaud this guy then, 
  it is not democratic as the government is not elected by the citizens . 
  it 's not like having some people vote every ten years or so makes a country democratic . 
  yeah i 'm talking like 2500 stuff . 
  how cool would that be though, 
  maybe one day something like this will actually be a thing ... no ? 
  even cooler if your soldiers get out of here, 
  there had been a few local elections in the weeks before where women voted, 
   my last experience as a tourist was `` ahh fuck it , i 'm walking '' as a milanese , mine , too . 
  got ta say that there are worse places to be walking in than rome, 
   m5s got elected let 's not pretend that the city was any better two or five years ago ... 
   public trasport work perfectly nah bruh , even in the centre it is a total mess . 
  if you 're a tourist it 's fine ( worst case scenario you * have to * walk from the vittoriano to the colosseum ) ; i ca n't imagine living there . 
  not for long ... ^ ( laughs in milanese ), 
  wow what a powerful and compelling comeback, 
  you replied to the wrong comment, 
   there are millions of muslims throughout europe that are kind , warm , and good people do they believe in the subjection of women ? 
  if they do , they 're not good people ; if they do not , they 're not good muslims . 
   so all muslim women who wear the veil are part of an extreme fundamental political movement he did not say that . 
  a full-face veil , however , is the extreme example of a degrading view of femininity . 
  women who like wearing it are religious extremists . 
  administration of the state, 
  two-round majoritarian . 
  one of my favourite systems, 
  berlusconi is one of the greatest political * geniuses of his generation . 
  * ^ ( politics as in , gaining and maintaining power . ), 
  these polls have little value given that france has a majoritarian system . 
  good news though , that 's for sure . 
  the fact that an italian has to defend berlusconi speaks volumes on how simplistic your analysis is . 
  * berlusconi only governed for six years during the 2010-2010 decade , as we also had two center-left governments ( amato ii and prodi ii ) ; * any economic analysis on italy that does not take into account public spending policies in the 80s is laughably amateurish at best . 
  i do not like berlusconi . 
  very few italians under 50 do . 
  but any comparison between him and trump is an insult to everybody 's intelligence . 
   extremely strong overstatement , barely pools at around 12 %, 
   i can easily find sources  does n't post sources, 
  we do . 
   when italy leaves in a few months it 's wonderful how every few weeks a new state is supposed to be leaving the union in a matter of months . 
  first greece , then the netherlands , then france , now it 's us . 
  or maybe the le pen dynasty have reached the maximum consent possible in the country . 
  i doubt that the next few years will offer a more favourable climate for fn 's victory than these elections . 
  parties come , parties go . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is also very competitive . 
  so is en marche !, 
  and so will be whatever new party comes from the ashes of the old system . 
  they may be popular among young people , but demographics are not in their favour at all - more and more second and third generation immigrants will be able to vote for them in the next years , and they sure will not vote for le pen . 
   people are n't voting against them because they like the other candidate but just to keep fn out . 
  you can only play that game for so long . 
  it has worked since the party was founded almost half a century ago . 
  if polls are right , macron will still get between 150 % and 200 % of le pen 's votes . 
   to me it seems fn control of france is inevitable in the coming years . 
  based on ... ? 
  some agendas benefit the people and some do not, 
  lower education means that you are less likely to know about economics than someone with a degree . 
   how many people who are counted as having `` higher education '' are doing degrees like art , teaching , english , history , or the majority of degrees that have n't anything to do with economics ? 
  surely more econ/law/polisci students fall under the higher degree category than those who have no degree at all, 
  all post-vote stats showed that leave voters tended to have lower education than remainers, 
  no , do n't sue me . 
  that 's the opposite of the point that i 'm trying to make . 
   that is not bothering me well ...  those refugees are given more straight cash in germany than my mother makes working her ass off 9 hours a day , hence my lack of sympathy seems like that was bothering you indeed . 
  perhaps if you get in touch with some syrians making millions out of german welfare they can send you some meds for memory loss . 
   your argument is folly , that is not the point of my statement . 
  mmmmmmmm read again, 
  if she moved to a richer country she would make way more than whatever asylum seekers are given `` for free '' in germany . 
  what seemed to bother you is that the brownies are given more money than your poor hardworking momma is ; hence i suggested that she move to a more developed country so that she makes more money than she makes now . 
  why does n't your mother move to germany, 
  yes , google it . 
  salvemini called it that, 
   `` a giant box of sand '' that was libya, 
   uk and france are way nicer tell that to the libyans, 
   russia is being an asshole and people will remmber and wont cooperate with it . 
  right , that is why no country collaborates with china , the us , the uk , france ... 
   some people are just alittle less assholeish . 
  stop giving moral judgments to amoral agents . 
  this is not how international relations work . 
   how is denmark possible hostile to russia ? 
  it is in nato, 
  i seriously doubt that denmark has the means to infiltrate moscow . 
  if they did , they would think twice . 
  you 're protecting your country 's interests from a possibly hostile government ; you 're not playing a holier-than-thou game with putin, 
  what absence of proof ? 
  there have been countless so-called `` scandals '' about governs spying on each other . 
  it is just the way it is . 
   that still does n't make any sense mate . 
  i fail to see your point . 
  is it not normal because zambia does not have the means to infiltrate washington ? 
  what is politically wrong/extraordinary about a state hacking other states ' defence systems ? 
  yes, 
   because hacking another country , especially defence , is n't a normal thing to do . 
  yes it is , everyone does it and if they do n't it 's because they do n't have the means to,
