there are more cells in your brain than brains in your body . 
  he meant the longest suspension bridge . 
  the strait is very deep so you can not have pillars supporting the whole thing like the one you linked does, 
  what nationalist movement fostered peace in western europe ? 
  nice word salad . 
  how do you feel about communism ? 
  it 's a nice ideology after all, 
  off the top of my head , italy and afaik spain, 
  it is not just uk and germany . 
  besides the uk , it is the case for most countries that experienced nationalist regimes . 
  yes , nationalism has done a lot of damage ( understatement of the year ) to europe and it is obviously a sore point for many europeans - including symbols and acts that allude to nationalism . 
  i do n't expect someone who is not from here to understand , but i do expect them to contribute with something less moronic than  omg , those horrible nationalists !, 
   the same people do you know that girl ? 
  i do n't want to sound condescending or anything , but you really should inform yourself better . 
  the main economic argument for federalisation , in any country , is that it increases competition between subnational units and boosts efficiency . 
   the entities involved have now been erased are you sure that you know what federalism entails ? 
   calls me a fucking idiot  does n't even realise who he 's replying to, 
  there there , no need to get your blood pressure up . 
  you can not deny that a country with an economy 7 times as big as yours will dictate most of the conditions in any possible trade agreement . 
  that goes for the eu as much as the us . 
  federalism * is * a combination of competition and cooperation . 
  if i had a euro for every time i heard a brit calling continentals `` the europeans '' ... 
  it was n't just fascists . 
  it was a `` low-density civil war '' , with fascists , communists , anarchists and some say even the intelligence agencies all fighting against each other . 
  google `` lead years '' . 
  in proportion we pay as much as the dutch do - just look at the numbers !, 
  where is that data from ? 
  wikipedia shows completely comparable contributions for 2007-2013, 
  divide that by the population and you 'll see that the numbers are the same, 
  is the weed messing up your ability to google ? 
  what i find even more distasteful is : * having a buffoon who lied about his master 's degree as a finance minister * defending ~ ~ sad ~ ~ said buffoon 's remarks , completely disregarding its vague racist remarks and their total inappropriateness * forgetting that italian citizens have , per capita , contributed to the eu budget as much as dutch citizens ( you guys should stop spending your money on crappy food and weed , amirite ) * inventing laughable southern conspiracies instead of admitting that the guy is completely unfit for the job, 
  do n't forget the part where there is a southern conspiracy against northerners to oust them from their jobs, 
  solidarity to whom ? 
  poor kid right :(, 
   educated business owners  their was a vote, 
   2016 : far-right lost in italy . 
  must 've missed that, 
  not sure i agree with your wording here . 
  regulations and constitutions can and should change to keep up with social changes ; however , as long as they are in place , meps should uphold them , regardless of whether they agree or not . 
  what they should be able to do is discuss them and evening question them . 
  1 ) this is about quality of life , not quality of being a tourist 2 ) `` i `` ve been to both '' is not enough to have opinions on the human beings inhabiting two metropolises, 
  in all seriousness though , i feel like milan has a much higher qol . 
  it 's more compact and better connected , cleaner ( though that 's not a difficult feat ) , more international , with a great cultural scene . 
  sure , it 's not as beautiful as rome , but imo no city is so i 'm fine with being in the 99 %, 
  no it 's not that bad , though milan is 1,000,000,000 times better ( the figure is absolutely accurate and i 'm totally not biased ) . 
   here in italy , iirc , you can serve an alcoholic beverage to people after 16 . 
  not anymore , now it 's always 18 . 
  everything else you said is right though, 
  so why did you link that as an answer to my comment ? 
  again , what is the relation between monarchy and high hd ? 
  can you quote a respectable study of comparative politics that links the two ? 
  spoiler : no , you ca n't . 
  and why did n't you also show the hdi of bahrain ? 
  cambodia ? 
  jordan ? 
  the dublin agreement does n't say that refugees have to apply in the first safe country . 
  it says that the country where applicants are identified is the one that is responsible for evaluating their status . 
  this is why many people who have family or friends in other countries try to move past italy and france without being identified . 
  the disastrous dublin agreement is very much in place , and in italy we see its results every day . 
  also some nigerians , somalians and other sub-saharan africans have the right to asylum , not just syrians . 
  no , the eu does not have the power to turn back a boat of ** potential ** refugees . 
  it 'd contravene the agreements the member states signed . 
  we can not : by the international agreements that we all signed , we need to register them and give them the possibility to apply for asylum . 
  study instead of laughing lmao, 
  what is the relation between constitutional monarchy ad high hdi ? 
  correlation is not causation , especially since these countries have achieved these results only recently . 
  i was born in the 90s and no , it 's not . 
  i think that 99 % of the times that i even hear `` sin '' it 's said ironically ; the other 1 % is some random pope or cardinal they ( too often ) interview on tv . 
  yet , i 've never met anyone in my life who 's been told that  every single thing you do is a sin and you 'll spend the eternity suffering in hell for it, 
  he was referring to italy , where it 's not, 
   growing up being constantly told every single thing you do is a sin and you 'll spend the eternity suffering in hell for it is n't a thing anymore, 
  perhaps you have an abysmal political class because an abysmally small number of people cared enough to get out and vote ? 
  i 'm not talking programming-wise, 
  i do n't , but if you have 3 significant figures you ca n't just end up with 4 ( meaning that your measurement is more precise ) with a simple division . 
  pretty sure it 'd still be 150 . 
  you ca n't add significant figures . 
  well not him, 
  those are isolated incidents . 
  the way americans feel * defined * by their ethnicity and heritage is unthinkable for most continentals . 
  how can you be more progressive than that ? 
  warsaw is beautiful . 
  to me it felt like a mix between berlin and some quaint italian city ( with a touch of milan ) . 
  single transferable vote ( as is preference vote in general ) is an extremely cool system but it is a rare form of proportional representation and it only works in relatively small constituencies . 
  i have my doubts that it would be applicable to france because of the size of the constituencies . 
  weakening it even more is not a solution . 
  a mixed system where a quota of seats is assigned proportionally could be the solution to avoid penalising small parties too much . 
  sure , nothing in politics is black or white . 
  i can only talk for milan , since i live here . 
  the city is quite compact and i think it 's better if we avoid excessive sprawling , especially towards the north , which is already densely populated . 
  either build or plant . 
  true , but the number of elected candidates is generally larger and the bond between politicians and the constituencies is weaker . 
  because in majoritarian systems , usually one ( or very few ) candidates are elected for every district . 
  there is hence a stronger bond between the candidate and the constituency . 
  in proportional representation , districts elect a larger number of candidates , so it is much harder for voters to know * who * exactly is responsible for good and bad policy choices . 
  they may be able to point at the party they voted for , but not the specific human being they elected . 
  every comparative politics study shows that proportional representation provides less accountability and clarity of responsibility than majoritarian systems . 
  the bosco verticale looks really , really nice . 
  from an architectural , touristic and economic point of view it 's much better than having a small park with the same number of trees . 
  they do n't look as cool . 
  u wot,
