  oh , we do . 
  we like bashing our country , but it 's because we love italy . 
  we can complain ; a foreigner better not, 
  it 's a rare ( archaic ) alternative to the intervocalic `` i '' . 
  you can find it in foscolo and pirandello among others ; it probably sticked in his surname from a couple centuries ago . 
  anyway , you pronounce it like a normal `` i '' : * tah-iah-nee * ( stress is on the second `` a '' ) . 
  * #stayhomemalloch * looks like an awesome hashtag, 
  do n't be an ass, 
  that is in large part true - however , not all policy matters should be decided democratically , and every modern democracy sets limits the extent to which the people can influence the government 's decisions . 
  minority rights are not legitimate only if the majority backs them . 
  oh god read the fucking article, 
  you 're so bitter , some good food and sun would help . 
  also , where 's your degree ? 
  oxbridge i assume . 
   based on your speculation , but in reality you really have no idea do you . 
  neither you nor i know what will be negotiated . . 
  only a brit could believe that an economic power six times the size of his country would be hit as hard as the uk . 
  i love you guys . 
  so it 's the germans ' fault ? 
  not greece 's ? 
  you should n't , because you 'd be wrong . 
  the eu did n't ruin greece . 
  greek governments rigging the public finances did . 
  you did n't answer, 
  you realise that `` the eu '' is made up by europeans , either voted directly by the european people or appointend by the national governments ? 
  what signs point to that exactly ? 
  the eu has higher approval ratings than any national government . 
  you chose to leave this project and it 's fine , but your behaviour on this matter is incredibly childish - you look like the kid who does n't want to play anymore so he takes the ball home so that nobody else can have fun . 
  you made your choice , i wish independent * england * the best and i wish you guys would move on . 
  the fact that you chose to leave , however , does n't mean it is a trend in all of europe . 
  you guys are so bitter , i do n't understand . 
  you should be happy with your choice , with your new government , with your allies . 
  you do n't seem very happy . 
  you have a point , idaho and new york are so similar ... 
  you 're pretending that the steps that we took forward were imposed to local governments by some dictatorial evil bureaucrats , when in actual fact they were always ratified by the national parliaments . 
  ... which did n't include most of poland , scandinavia , britain , ireland ... 
  if it was based on reality , i would n't have said * believe * . 
  what 's the point of that question ? 
  something is changing . 
  what seemed to be almost unthinkable 20 years ago has now the support of many prominent politicians . 
  i do believe that , one day , federalism will happen . 
  the need for a common army and common fiscal and energy policies is increasing every day , and a stronger political union is the only way . 
  the eu as we know it is , i 'm afraid , dying . 
  we can either let it fall down and wait for the fear of another war to unite us again , or finish what already is the greatest geopolitical project of all time , in what is already the longest age of peace in our history . 
  i 'd be in favour of offering the european citizenship to whoever voted to remain , but that 's not possible . 
  unlike your university , however , scotland is a country which has already proved to have the political authority to choose its own destiny . 
  btw , do your uni mates make good haggis ? 
  because the majority of scots voted to remain and because i really like haggis, 
  nah , personally i 'll be happy with scotland , but i do wish the rest of you guys all the best, 
  i 've been following this sub for years and i knew you spoke italian but i did n't know you 'd lived here !, 
  how 'd you find it ? 
  the eu is not charity, 
  because i like scotland as much as i like england and i 'd love them to come back with us . 
  i also agree that if they left the uk to rejoin us that would make it clear that leaving the eu is not wise . 
  i sure hope so , but i 'm afraid that for that we 'll have to wait and see how the negotiation goes . 
  i do n't think it 's impossible that , if the deal turns out to be particularly bad for the uk , many mps will agree to ratify it only after another referendum is held rearding * that * specific brexit . 
  it 's the only way to play burkeian without ending up unemployed . 
  to your knowledge, 
  it 's not working very well , is it ? 
  you guys have more urgent matters to worry about than our union ... 
  it 's nice to know that you have such a high consideration of us ^ ^, 
  depends on what you mean by cultural appropriation . 
  those that believe that whites do n't have a right to wear a sombrero or dress up as a geisha are simply racist . 
   i used to think it was ridiculous until i heard the reasoning behind those that see cultural appropriation as negative . 
  ca n't really tell what you mean by that ... 
  ca n't tell if you 're joking , but the whole `` cultural appropriation '' thing is very american ( so much so that the first and only person i 've ever heard mention it irl is a collegemate of mine from dc ) . 
  that is because we have too few prisons, 
  how come ? 
  you 're using `` whom '' wrong . 
  and lmao at  anti israel and thus antisemitic, 
  that 's the problem though : thinking that what he did in belgium was because he cared about the belgians . 
  to undertake his personal projects an maintain his power , he needed some degree of popularity ( no one 's power is given for granted , not even that of a king ) , and so he allowed for progress and political innovation . 
  in his brutal exploitation of the congo , it 's not like he spared europeans if he believed that they were not on his side . 
  he is actually a textbook example of how the institutions and regime of a country determine the actions of its politicians way more than their moral convictions and inclinations . 
  leopold was an absolute scumbag in africa , but his reign in belgium was characterised by the expansion of workers ' rights , universal male suffrage and free compulsory primary schools . 
  the reason is clear : either the institutions governing belgium did not allow for the same degree of violence and exploitation that he exercised in the congo , or the political situation in the congo ( local elites , economy , laws and traditions ) did not allow for the same progress which he permitted in belgium . 
  probably both . 
  i asked you `` why ... '' and you replied `` when ... '', 
  no , it is n't . 
  why is it that a nation 's right to decide whether to welcome refugees or not overweighs a people 's right not to be exterminated ? 
  that is why governments sign treaties , agreements and conventions . 
  and by the way , you did not answer my question : is turning away a ship full of jews who will die in concentration camps if you do not let them in a violation of human rights ? 
  why ? 
  it is if they are asylum seekers . 
  do you not think that north american countries ' turning away the ms st. louis was a human rights violation ? 
  sure thing buddy , y' all are not brown but enough to be a problematic minority ... whatever floats your boat, 
  you sound like one of those british and german nationalists when they talk about eastern europeans, 
  `` we '' who ? 
  when did italy bomb their countries to shit ? 
  i pick what makes `` us '' better than `` them '' : humanity and respect for * every * human life . 
  your obliviousness to every treaty and human rights agreement signed in the last 100 years is comical . 
  populism is much more than just vagueness ffs, 
  does n't quite have much impact from your warm cozy ass, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the italian government is simply abiding by laws of common decency and humanity . 
  do you disagree that a sinking ship should be rescued ? 
  do you disagree that if someone claims to be from a country where their life is in danger their requ st for hospitality should be processed ? 
  how did you get through primary school without basic reading comprehension skills ? 
  nigeria , somalia and yemen are all sub-saharan african countries with ongoing conflicts . 
  not to mention the countless oppressive dictatorships the citizens of which may be eligible for asylum .
