i do n't know why people are so surprised by the results . 
  if you asked americans ( or any non-european e.g. 
  the chinese ) specifically what european landmarks they 'd like to see , the top of the list is likely to include buckingham palace , stonehenge , the eiffel tower , the colosseum , the canals of venice , the berlin wall , the black forest etc. 
  and it would correlate with the countries they 're in . 
  britain , france , germany , italy and spain in particular have a lot of world renowned attractions on offer of interest . 
  eu says to uk , `` happy now ? '', 
  i thought the capital of switzerland was bern . 
  and they did n't know , as they swam , that it would all come crumbling down within a year . 
  schmidt speaks from arguably the most european nation in the eu , with a government that now feels a duty towards it . 
  this is in contrast not just to the uk with its archaic institutions . 
  it may as well apply to france with regards to its `` imperial '' nature , such as its presence in the central african republic and mali , and its imperative to control german influence with vehicles such as the eu , albeit with limited success . 
  `` patriotism is when love of your own people comes first ; nationalism , when hate for people other than your own comes first . '' charles de gaulle, 
  our `` dearest enemies . '', 
  correction : he acts like an idiot and many people are fooled . 
  he 's a sly fox in reality , just waiting for cameron to lose the 2015 election . 
  from what i heard the uk , a country with a profound fear of those who do n't speak english , is more interested in foreign film and tv than ever before . 
  it would be because of state funding , whether through grants or tv stations , that we are watching these programmes , and that they are rather cheap to syndicate and spread to a larger audience which grows more discontent with the hollywood mediocrity . 
  the uk offers asylum for persecuted gay people or where they may be at risk . 
  it 's a bit funny because being gay is not something you can prove when you 're conditioned to repress it , especially when the judges have a very western conception of high-pitched , hotpants-wearing flamers . 
  i suppose you could use something to measure adrenaline when shown arousing images but the whole thing 's a bit embarrassing and likely to come under fire . 
  that said , i imagine a couple could move and prove their love and be granted asylum . 
  david cameron took a pay cut when he came into office . 
  and the pm already earned less than the german chancellor . 
  so , in general , whoop-de-doo . 
  it is german week at the bbc . 
  rick stein did a programme about german food as well . 
  this is why i like the eu . 
  however , i bet $ 50 that the uk tries to opt-out . 
  edit : spelling . 
  i like the way it 's seen as a three hundred year old debate , especially since the whole fiasco really started when franco closed off the border because the residents rather liked the idea of remaining british . 
  anyway , i 'm sure the foreign office will send a one-word document entitled `` lol '' when madrid decides to try once more in negotiating about gibraltar . 
  i really do think it 's about time for much closer uniformity for european tax rates , starting with corporation tax . 
  the eu is the largest trading bloc in the world , it should use the huge economic power it holds to its advantage . 
  reminds me of the video done by vice where they asked the children who were building the bonfire why they hated the pope and why they were going to burn him . 
  they did n't know . 
  i imagine it 's just because it was one of the requirements to joining the eu in 2004 , but i thought the latvia was pretty eurosceptic . 
   i do n't act like a buffoon , therefore i get good service , and i 'm british . 
  i refer to the last section . 
  the fact that i 'm british makes not being a stupid tourist seem not impossible . 
  if we can try hard at being refined , anyone can . 
  same here . 
  every french person , some of whom have been parisians , i 've spoken to have been very polite . 
  the french just do n't expect their tourists to act like buffoons ( read : badly dressed , loud american-types ) , and so they should n't . 
  i do n't act like a buffoon , therefore i get good service , and i 'm british . 
   i do n't even know what this means . 
  the magna carta was created and signed in the uk 800 years ago , long before the formation of the usa . 
  our common law practice has been going for even longer . 
  magna carta was n't about democracy , merely restraining the power of the king and protecting the relief and scutage of the barons . 
   we do n't vote for dictators in the first place , so it 's kind of a moot point . 
  we do not protest dictators in our country because we do not have dictators . 
  dictators are not the sole reason we protest nor are they the reason we do not protest in their absence . 
  lord hailsham calls the westminster system `` elective dictatorship '' . 
  once a party has a majority in the commons , it can act pretty much how it wants , regardless of manifesto or previous pledges . 
  perhaps the pm can be seen as a `` dictator '' , especially if the pm takes a more `` presidential '' form of decision making . 
  i thought a small * gifle * was at the heart of french discipline . 
  it 's why their kids are angels compared to the brats in the uk . 
  i imagine it 's because of what happened in brussels , where uk border agency officers were shouted at by police telling them quite directly that they were in the schengen zone and that they could n't check passports for passengers travelling within schengen on trains terminating in the uk . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16058860 ) honestly , the whole thing is a mess , though processing people when they 're in the uk is not exactly ideal either . 
  what a pipe dream . 
  i think we should really focus on getting a london - amsterdam/cologne service , or even a london - berlin service before we even start thinking about tokyo . 
  anyway , must have been a slow news day for the telegraph . 
  well , considering that we continue to pump untreated sewage into the sea when the sewers ca n't manage the occasional storm , even in the height of summer , i 'd rather not . 
  of course . 
  i always feel welcome in france , so welcome that i 'm studying its history and literature at university !, 
  what i mean is that words like elevator/lift are part of a common vocabulary for the respective englishes ; americans would say elevator regardless of the nationality of the speaker . 
  the difference is greater because the standard vocabulary is different . 
  on the contrary , local dialects are not often used when talking to `` outsiders '' ; the words they use among locals are not used . 
  the accents are toned down to a more uniform standard . 
  it is the same with american english - there are tons of different accents , although they spread over a larger area than in the uk . 
  so , to say that the differences between dorset and yorkshire are about as numerous between the us and uk , i think it 's slightly overdoing it . 
  well yeah . 
  second largest population in europe , one of the first countries to introduce conscription , former imperial power , overseas regions and departments dotted around the world , and a rather nationalist country when you think about french identity , especially compared to that of the uk and germany . 
  did n't surprise me one bit . 
  not really . 
  there are local dialects , especially in yorkshire , but there is some sort of standard british english vocabulary , used with people not from a region or country , which almost like the rp equivalent of a dialect , and which differs significantly from american english . 
  it 's why i would happily bathe in the mediterranean , but would n't even dream about doing so in the english channel . 
  granting asylum for people persecuted for being gay . 
  pretty big thing all considered . 
  not yet . 
  europe is on various levels of development and at the same time , rich countries are not going to sacrifice living standards to provide a lower but uniform standard across the continent , as currently witnessed inside the eurozone . 
  indeed , that was the flaw with the euro : a case of too much , too soon . 
  perhaps it should have been staggered and linked to economic development ( france , germany and benelux first , then italy , spain , greece etc. ), 
  but newer countries are catching up e.g. 
  poland , one of the only countries still growing in the economic crisis . 
  should other newer members reach near parity in living standards to western europe , that 's when the eu should be able ramp up its power with such things as redistributing members ' funds across the union . 
  ukip is part of a paradox that sees people vote against the gradual process of european homogeneity . 
  the 19th century ` nation state ' is dissolving , either because of supranational entities like the eu , the multi-ethnicity of western countries , and the strong determination of identity . 
  all european countries have this ` nation state ' logic at the core of their identity . 
  meanwhile , the difference between us and a country like the netherlands or even france is becoming murkier . 
  indeed , northwestern europe ( the uk , ireland , france , germany , belgium and the netherlands ) could be considered one culture , with the national identities considered ` regional ' . 
  to an outsider , we all have green spaces , cities with narrow streets , eat variations of meat , bread and potatoes , with the odd castle here and there . 
  some europeans are clinging on to the nation state for dear life , but here 's the truth : it ca n't , and wo n't , be stopped , not least if the european union is on its eventual path to becoming a power alongside the united states , china and russia . 
  of course , i do n't like the vague statements made by the eu , but there 's no doubt that this piece is timed quite nicely with all the hoo-hah about a supposed british exit . 
  i mean , what is ' a few years ' ? 
  it took 40 years from sharing coal and steel to the maastricht treaty . 
  it will take another 40 years , plus the time for fledgling members to catch up , for there to be any chance of a federal europe . 
  but with a bit of spin in the press , it 's as if europe , in all its hegemonic glory , will be one country five years from now ( for the more ambitious of you , a bit too overoptimistic ) . 
  meanwhile , building democratic legitimacy would be good for the eu at the moment , to establish itself further as a respected ( super ) power and amongst the member states themselves . 
  i like simon kuper 's pieces in the ft , such as the one about the use of english in the eu . 
  but he 's correct - europe is marvellous .
