those guys are surprisingly old . 
  i was expecting a lot more guys who were in their late teens/early twenties . 
  whilst some of them were , a lot looked to be well over 30 . 
  really ? 
  huh , til ... 
  how strong they are does n't affect the severity of war crimes they committed . 
  and the ira certainly got their act together enough to be a serious danger . 
  plus , one of the strongest armies in the world is n't going to go and steam roll an entire country ( that 's part of the country the army belongs to and they do n't want to destroy , the fact i need to point this out is kinda worrying ) , same problem you always have with insurgents , you ca n't use any real amount of military force , and they do n't need to be well equipped in order to cause a lot of damage . 
  currently , but that 's not because germany lacks the capability to have a large military , like most of the countries in the eu , rather that germany 's infrastructure and supply/logistics has been dreadful . 
  they certainly have the money , industrial capacity , men , technology , and resources to surpass almost every other country in europe if they put their mind to it . 
  as germany has shown in the past , it can raise a strong military quickly is necessary , their current issues are not because they ca n't create a strong military , rather that their current system is n't as good as it needs to be . 
  and since they 've admitted and realised it , i assume they 're going to be working on it . 
  i agree . 
  it would be nice , and would make sure we could protect each other , and have a more effective deterrent against russia , but as you said , it would be dominated by france , germany and the uk . 
  which would make it useless against any of those three countries , and we would have more influence over it for our own advantage . 
  we do have the eurocorps , cjef ( not strictly an eu force , it 's just france and the uk ) , european maritime force , eu battlegroup and the eufor , but they are n't really standing militaries , and as always , would be subject to the whim of the more powerful countries involved . 
  though i 100 % agree with how useful carriers are , since just the presence of one can stop anything from escalating . 
  i think the other nuclear carriers going faster is because they 're bigger , they can put more powerful engine in them = greater speed . 
  and obviously a nuclear one can go at full speed , and ` use ' the same amount of fuel as if it were stationary , where as it drains the fuel of a conventional one more . 
  i 've heard france was thinking about a new carrier , but they are looking less and less favourable since wars between major powers are looking less and less likely , and there 's cheaper ships to build . 
  if we ever did get our act together and make a formal eu military , it would be interesting to see how many supercarriers we got , or whether we would stick to several smaller ones instead . 
  an eu military in general is very intersting , but a topic for another day . 
  yeah , i have no idea why they went back on the catapult version ( ~ ~ though iirc and if it has n't changed since i read it , the second carrier will have a catapult ~ ~ never mind , did some research , it will still be s/vtol with no catapults because catapults were too expensive ( bs reason tbh ) ) . 
  and whilst we could cycle them out , our navy is n't all that big , and is spread out , we ca n't guarantee that we can cycle everyone out . 
  and a brief increase in speed whilst launching aircraft is n't nuclear specific , a conventional carrier can do that as well . 
  does n't affect the aircraft . 
  and it was always going to be that big , nuclear or not . 
  i would have preferred one that was closer to the 100,000 ton mark , not 65,000 , but it 's still better than anything anyone but the us navy has . 
  iirc nz does n't allow nuclear powered vessels into it 's waters . 
  from memory it 's to do with safety concerns and anti-nuclear politics . 
  and whilst yes , supply ships and tankers can always come in to re-fuel , the inherent main advantage of a nuclear vessel is almost unlimited range , which does n't matter if the escort ships ( the frigates and cruisers etc that protect the carrier group , that we ca n't cycle out ) are tethered and bound by having to plan fuel re-supplies in their journeys ( which dictates where the carrier goes , since it always needs protection ) . 
  so nuclear does n't really make a difference , we would still have to go where we can get fuel for the other vessels anyway . 
  we do n't need it to be . 
  nuclear is very expensive , and only really becomes slightly cost effective when operating at the same tempo you would be when at war . 
  far cheaper if it 's conventionally powered for general usage . 
  plus if it was nuclear we could n't go to new zealand . 
  and all the carrier escorts are conventionally powered anyway , and you never send an aircraft carrier off alone , so even if it was nuclear powered , it would be limited by the escort ship 's fuel tanks . 
   just do n't tell promises you can not keep . 
  britain 's promise to defend you against germany brought us into ww2 . 
  i do n't know what other promise you 're referring to , but our only one to poland at the time was to help if you were attacked , and we did , we lived up to our promise and it cost us millions of men , our cities bombed to hell , massive financial loss and arguably the loss of our empire ( or the acceleration of it 's downfall ) . 
  and we did n't want to go to war straight away because we could n't . 
  we 'd just had the largest war in history at that point , millions of our men dead or wounded for life , and almost bankrupt . 
  plus we wanted a defence ( buffer ) against russia with a strong germany . 
  we have n't been in the bloodiest war in our history in the last decade or so , we are n't financially ruined , we have a strong germany , we have a strong military , and poland is now part of the strongest and most powerful military alliance in human history , who are sworn to protect each other . 
  we promised to help last time and we did , and we 've promised again now . 
  i really just do n't understand how people still hold on to what happened before ww2 and use it as an example of what they think will happen now . 
  apart from russia is n't as powerful now , and we have n't been in the bloodiest war in history for the last 6 years , millions of our men have n't died , we have n't been bombed daily , and we are all obligated to help with the strongest military alliance in the world if something does happen . 
  it 's not the same situation , not even close . 
  well at the moment the un has the un security council , which is only 5 countries ( plus one temporary member ) , we could probably do something similar with the countries that form the bulk of the eu army ( which i assume would be france , germany , uk , italy and who ever else is next ) . 
  because we could n't any trying to would have led to a war as bloody as ww2 , if not worse . 
  have some common sense now . 
  they had 3 times the number of people on the front line , and had already set up defences by the time we realised they were n't going to leave . 
  you seriously think that starting ww3 , this time with nuclear weapons , only a year or so after ww2 ( when our armies were tired , needed new equipment etc , and our economy was failing as it was ) , in a war that would have absolutely flattened whatever remained of poland and east germany , and killed tens of millions of polish and german civilians , is a good idea ? 
  yes , it would have been better to get rid of the soviets , but it just was n't possible , as any rational examination of the situation would have revealed . 
  just because an american guy said that we are n't prepared does not mean that we still ca n't put up enough of a fight to make trying to take any nato country way too bloody to consider . 
  not to mention the us is part of nato and would have to join in as well , and they spend so much on their military that even 10 % of america 's military alone makes it a very costly invasion . 
  and germany might be underfunded , that does not mean that they ca n't do anything , what they do have is still very advanced , and designed with defence against russian expansion in mind , right down into the design of their vehicles and doctrines/strategy . 
  also , there 's still the uk , france , spain , the forces the us has in europe , not to mention poland 's own military which , whilst not as big as others , is still reasonably capable and would n't be a push over . 
  i agree we are not as ready as we could be , but we are still more than capable of going to war to defend the people we promised to protect , as we did in the past . 
  and this is all without considering cyber warfare and economic sanctions which at the moment are too severe ( not to mention damaging to ourselves ) for what russia has done at the moment ( since diplomatically we 're still allies , and destroying their economy now is n't diplomatically viable ) . 
  we were preparing , just not fast enough . 
  remember we had almost bankrupted our empire fighting ww1 , and were recovering from the depression , we were more concerned about sorting out our country , and trying other means to stopping war . 
  and what if we had been ready right at the start ? 
  poland still would have been taken as we had no real way of getting there except though germany , and we would still likely have ended up with russia being in control of a lot of poland , unless you wanted us to have fought an even bigger war against russia as well that would have resulted in tens of millions more deaths , plus a complete collapse of our economy and ruining our country . 
  people complaining about something that there was no real way to have prevented ( given that the actions seemed reasonable at the time ) or solved quickly is kinda misguided . 
  true , ca n't say i disagree with you about us being unprepared and the similarity with russia at the moment , but the difference is that we have been preparing this time . 
  we 've been sending aircraft ( or at least the french have ) to poland to re-enforce them , and we 're slowly gearing up and getting ready . 
  ( though i only heard about the french backing up the poles with aircraft after my old cadet sqn went to poland a few weeks ago , and had a look round an airbase near gdansk , and they had been told by someone at the base that hopefully the french at least would have been flying from there during the visit , because there had been no flights when i went last year , which was a bit of a disappointment . ), 
  the soviets at the time ( in 1941 ) were our allies , and they were fighting with germany . 
  yeah , in hindsight something being done beforehand would have been better , but us declaring war on an ally of germany who was fighting our ally was n't unreasonable at the time . 
  true , that was wrong , no argument from me about that . 
  but judging countries by what their governments did 70 years ago is n't exactly fair , or reasonable . 
  it 's a terrible idea to actually make sure you can fight before sending off your guys to war ? 
  sending them unprepared and without the support/equipment they needed would have just resulted in huge casualties , depleted what equipment we had , and not really slowed germany down too much . 
  we simply did n't have the capability to fight , as we had n't re-stocked after ww1 , caught up with the technological advances and had been more worried about the economy than war in the inter-war period . 
  as for the soviets , what do people think we should have done ? 
  started a war that would have been far larger than ww2 , with the possibility of nuclear weapons being used , when our economies would have simply collapsed trying to do anything . 
  i understand there might be some animosity , but it 's still not based in any rational thought . 
  edit : yay , downvotes for thinking about things seriously , not idealistically ... and then most of the replies are about things i did n't even mention as well ... 
  sorry if this sounds silly , but third member with a decent military ? 
  which are the other two you 're counting , because there 's more than 3 countries in europe with decent militaries , at least in my opinion anyway . 
  apart from , you know , declaring war on germany when we were n't ready to fight because we were had promised to defend poland ... ok , i admit that the response has n't always been up to scratch , there 's no denying that , but this deal wo n't have any real impact on russia 's ability to invade eastern europe/the baltic 's . 
  they already have enough of a navy to be a danger , their land forces are n't affected by this , which is the bigger threat . 
  yeah , the massive graveyards of old aircraft ( and they 've got them for tanks etc as well ) . 
  they could probably make a bit of money selling them to friendly countries , depends how much they are still wanted/transport costs . 
  so they 've basically stored a small airforce/army , in another country , on a different continent ? 
  and they really think they are n't spending too much on defence spending . 
  http://i.imgur.com/1ty4ubo.jpg there 's one in belgium too , built after ww1 as a peace thing between the irish protestants and catholics that had fought alongside each other . 
  the russian military can barely operate . 
  it 's big on paper , but a lot of it isnt maintained , the people arent fully trained , and they dont have the money . 
  plus when they try invading , that would stretch their supply lines far enough that it opens them up to attack . 
  small scale operations it can do fine , they have a core military that is pretty decent , but that part is small , and the rest just arent well trained enough to make the difference . 
  and lets not forget how fast europe could ramp up our economies and industry into war mode , and then we 'd really start doing damage . 
  and the one chain of command thing is a valid point , but the eu has done a load of training exercises together , and with nato , so the difference isnt as big as it could be . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , nato and similar treaties are needed to make sure that we do defend the smaller countries , with no treaties in place we might let a less globally important country go in return for not starting ww3 . 
  exactly , this is something people tend to ignore , the industrial capabilities of europe match or beat almost any other country on earth , and we can increase defense spending 10 fold , whilst russia ca n't afford to spend much more than they 're spending now . 
  some of the biggest wars in history ( napoleonic and ww1 and ww2 ) or the largest empire in history happened when a single european country geared up for war , all of them together is a serious threat . 
  i did n't say those 4 alone , i said those 4 as a group can . 
  and libya was more of a logistics issue , getting munitions that far away ( which was the hold up , they 're heavy and take a while to transfer a lot of money to move ) is not exactly relatable to fighting a war on our own turf , where you can transport stuff by road , rail and aircraft . 
  what i meant was that the countries that care about their militaries or have strong ones , tend to spend closer to the 2 % margin .
