  germany is a bad example , but even they are in the top 10 globally for both amount spent , and % of gdp spent , even if they are towards the bottom of the top 10 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures, 
  1.23 % of germanies gdp is going to be more than 2 % of most of the other countries in europe . 
  they do have the biggest economy in europe afterall . 
  they should still be meeting the 2 % goal though . 
  though they have other problems than just money at the moment . 
  europe can defend itself if one of the major powers in europe is attacked , its less likely that we would go into a shooting war with a nuclear power over lithuania for example if we didnt have a binding treaty and some serious firepower behind us . 
  maybe if russia stops being aggressive with its neighbours , then we can get rid of nato , but in the meantime it 's the main thing protecting those smaller countries . 
  i never said that all the smaller countries were capable of defending themselves , they 'd all go running to the uk , france and germany , who are closer to the 2 % goal . 
  those are the countries that would actually be doing most of the fighting . 
  the smaller ones wouldnt be able to defend themselves or contribute anything other than money in a time of war , they arent rich enough to have an effective military , so those guys rely on the more powerful countries near by , or allow america to strenghten their stance against russia ( and it gives them political barginning chips ) by putting bases/equpiment there . 
  when you grow up in a country that has one of the larger economies in the world and can afford a strong military , or has enough left over for its defence budget , you forget how fucked the smaller guys are , 2 % of their gdp might only buy them a couple of jets and maybe a tank once training and maintenance is taken into account . 
  edit : also , if you were a smaller country , would you turn down someone saying that they would pay you to build a base , bring a lot of spare cash into the area by the soldiers going sightseeing , and create some jobs for your people , whilst also strenghtening your defences ? 
  it 's a win-win for them . 
  europe can defend itself . 
  there 's a reason that we have eu battlegroups , eu training exercises , organise military training without the us being involved , so that we can defend ourselves in case the us doesnt want to get involved . 
  the uk , france , germany and poland can hold their own against a russian invasion , we would take heavier casualties than with american support , but we can do it . 
  think about it , all the equipment we 've been buying , the tactics and training we 've done for over 70 years has been in preperation for a russian attack . 
  america just wants to help strengthen their allies defences , and make any potential war even more dangerous for russia . 
  there 's still 2 nuclear powers and others with loaned nuclear weapons in europe . 
  europe can defend itself against russia , we 'd just take more losses than if we had america here too . 
  we 've been gearing our military and tactics for 70 years in preperation for a potential invasion by russia . 
  you expect more from the daily fail ? 
  they later released a statement saying it was n't just about british exit and so on , but this is a very uncommon thing to do , she did n't even say anything during the scottish referendum , which could have split a union that 's existed for over 300 years, 
  well it 's not as if you could have spent them over here anyway , 
  well quite a few countries have won wars against russia and germany . 
  the british and french ( and ottomans ) won the crimean war , as well as the obvious ones against germany . 
  or did you mean a war where it was 1 on 1 ? 
  well you 're not wrong about us being screwed if the netherlands needs mbts . 
  there 's been a theory for the last couple of decades that tanks are becoming less and less useful in the conflicts we 're finding ourselves in . 
  tanks are n't good for urban operations , so people think they should be replaced with apcs or something similar , that is a bit more flexible and can turn in a street more easily . 
  however you still need them as a defense against a more modern military , and in the initial assaulys , so they 're not out-dated yet , just not as useful in modern conflicts as they were in ww2 . 
  the educated one that objectively looks at the pros and cons of the decision , and listens to and considers both sides equally . 
  do you honestly see the majority of people doing that ? 
  then they 're maybe making the wrong decision . 
  objectively speaking . 
  one point about the ` is it right for everyone ' . 
  let 's say that you have two people voting on whether or not to open a new nuclear power plant . 
  one is a nuclear engineer who has spent decades studying nuclear physics and power plants , who has a well educated grasp on the risks and rewards , who knows that the new power plant wo n't be a realistic risk to the people nearby . 
  and you also have a daily mail reading housewife ( sorry to stereotype but you get the impression of the person im trying to describe ) , who hears the word nuclear and thinks that it 's going to just insta-blow up and kill her children , or radiation will make them grow a second head and give them twenty types of cancer . 
  in direct democracy , the educated vote gets cancelled out by the uneducated persons vote who doesnt really know what they 're talking about . 
  and there are a lot more people uneducated about various topics than there are educated . 
  and if you pick any major topic , like the eu for example , how many people in the general population actually know the ins and outs , the details ( aside from the bias arguments from both sides ) ? 
  you just get the vast majority of people voting based on emotion not reason , and often not for the good of the country . 
  i agree , however i doubt it 's a life anyone would want if they knew the reality of it . 
  imagine from the moment you were born , you were told that what you wanted to do was irrelevant , you had to go to this place , give some speech here , ca n't express yourself too much in public lest you offend someone , have most of your life dictated to you and never have a chance to make your own destiny , unless you abdicate , somemthing you 've been raised from birth to think is a horiffic thing to do . 
  if it were just sitting around doing nothing and still being rich , then i would want something done about it , but given how little they can really do , and how little say in their lives they really have , i for one would n't want to trade places . 
  that is not violating the nnpt , are you seriously saying that no country with nuclear weapons can ever put them on a new platform ? 
  or build another sub ? 
  because that 's already been done . 
  also , no we could n't cause a nuclear winter , not even close . 
  we 're not even sure the entire world arsenal could do it . 
  the last event that put enough debris into the air to seriously damage populations was millions of times more powerful than the nukes we have now . 
  as is tradition . 
  when you 've spent thousands of years with neighbours that are powerful enough to do damage and have large borders with you , you have to learn to pick your battles , since getting aggressive is likely going to go badly for you , when your neighbour is just as powerful and you 'll lose even if you win . 
  learning the difference between a small skirmish and something worthy of war is what we 've had to perfect , or we would have wiped each other out . 
  it 's a lot easier when your nearest enemy is an ocean away . 
  i do n't think that france should have to keep them . 
  france shouldnt have to deal with them anymore than the uk does . 
  send them towards which ever border they crossed in from , or take them back to morocco or algeria ( i appreciate that it 's difficult to know where they 're from though ) . 
  the issue i have is allowing them to cross borders illegally when they should have been stopped before then . 
  that does n't mean we have to take them . 
  if they 're really fleeing persecution or for their lives , they can go anywhere , but if they only want to get into the uk , then they shouldnt be in france or the uk . 
  i 'm not saying france should keep them , but saying you 're going to effectively help them illegally cross a border is n't on . 
  when they 're attacking lorry drivers and coaches , and trying to get into the channel tunnel , or storming ferries , that 's when the french police should be stepping up to stop it . 
  or getting rid of the shanty towns . 
  france should n't be letting them cross anyway . 
  you 're acting as if it 's some big favour , when a country should n't be sending , or allowing to cross , people who should n't be there anyway . 
  if these were all refugees , then i would n't be bothered , but the lot at calais have shown that they 're mainly economic migrants , why should we accept them ? 
  and the odd person with a certificate will have multiple firearms . 
  very few people only have one in my experience . 
  honestly , the people i 've seen at ranges you would walk past in the street and not give them a second glance . 
  definitely not just farmers :p though there are a lot of rich people who go clay pigeon shooting , that 's a noticeable trend that i 've seen , but most people are pretty decent , always helpful . 
  the shooting community over here is small , but pretty good to be honest . 
  iirc this is normally privately owned guns , not counting military and things like that . 
  hunters probably make up a fair bit though , depending on the country . 
  you might know some people who own guns , but they just do n't talk about it . 
  theres small ranges all over the place that do n't advertise themselves a lot ( i lived near one for the first 17 years of my life without knowing , and almost no one i know knew about it either ) , as well as shooting at clays in more rural areas . 
  edit : as an explanation for the ` not talking about it ' part , gun ownership is still seen as a bit weird over here , a lot of people think that you can not get guns full stop , and they dont really want to shoot them/go through the paperwork to own one . 
  i 've never heard of someone not liking it after they 've tried it , but there arent that many opportunities for people to start , so a lot of people never experience it . 
  iirc a swedish submarine managed to sneak into the middle of a us carrier group , then surfaced next to their ships to wave and take the piss . 
  diesel electric subs are no joke . 
  on the falkland situation alone , the 4 typhoons we have there , a type 45 , a patrol ship and a sub could take the entirety of the argentinian military that they could actually get working . 
  argentina is currently ranked lower than ethiopia for military power , so there 's not much to worry about there ( though i appreciate that your comment was about more than two islands ) . 
  yep . 
  no they were n't , they have never been legal for civilians . 
  france and the uk are pretty much even atm , though the uk has had a slight edge in the recent past , but there will be a definite gap when the uk gets our aircraft carriers up and running . 
  and germany does n't need to make or design brand new weapons systems , they just make more of the high quality stuff they 've got now . 
  the uk is the second most powerful country in nato and whilst turkey might be powerful , they are n't taking germany or any other of the big three in europe , germany is too rich and has too much industry that it can more easily turn into wartime production . 
  we do have a written one , it 's just not codified into one document . 
  and no , i was n't talking about the magna carta . 
  we do have a constitution ? 
  it 's not codified into one document , but we definitely have one . 
  training/application could start at 17 though , even if they 're 22 by the time they qualify . 
  another reason the tories like sticking it to scotland a little , is because they know they 're never going to get vote there , but if they irritate the scots , then they 'll vote for their national party instead of labour ( the tories main opposition ) , splitting the opposing vote so they remain the larger party . 
  so there is some political benefit to irritating the scots in this case . 
  come on dude . 
  i 'm not trying to say one does more than the other , but making out like the uk does n't do much overseas is disingenuous at best . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34919954 we 're involved in quite a few places , as well as maritime shipping protection duties as well ( which france does as well iirc ) , do n't make out like we do n't do anything . 
  1 ) harry potter films ? 
  always a good watch .
