  then they want a long list of documents , for example your bank accounts , your payroll information , if you own anything valuable , crime record . . etc. 
  they also want documentation on your accomodation and flights like you have to book/buy these before even applying . 
  then they interview you at the embassy ( this really depends sometimes it 's a quick chat , sometimes it 's like interrogation ) . 
  usually there is something missing/wrong in your documents and you go back and forth . 
  then you pay around 100 $ depending on the country . 
  then you wait , waiting varies hugely . 
  sometimes you get it in a week , sometimes months . 
  even if you do everything right , you might still be denied . 
  then you lose your money on the hotel and flight and the application fee . 
  pressure erdogan to do what exactly ? 
  i will make sure to visit poland though . 
  i might even invest in eastern poland if you 're taking dirty muslim money . 
  it really does n't . 
  i just want to see the coliseum and eat gelato without planning months ahead . 
  you mean after the war , right ? 
  they 'll rebuild , i 'm certain there will be international help to get them back on their feet . 
  i think you guys are misunderstanding the situation here . 
  turkey ca n't lock these people in , even with this new deal . 
  if eu keeps the same policies , they will still want to leave . 
  locking people in is a much different thing than keeping people out which is eu border control 's responsibility . 
  i think you 're paying for new refugee camps , ones in turkey right now are operating at maximum capacity . 
   visa relaxation for turks . 
  i 'll take it . 
  visa application processes have been very humiliating experiences for me . 
  why would they stay here ? 
  there are n't that many jobs here for syrians , and we do n't have a social security system . 
  are they going to make a living by begging ? 
  republican candidates all seem very bad to me . 
  mitt romney gave up when he had the most chance to win . 
  he 'd definitely be the rebuplican candidate and most likely a favourite against both sanders and clinton , if he 'd decided to run . 
  but i 've heard that his backers now support jeb bush , and that 's why he could n't run . 
  if that 's the case , rebuplicans made a big mistake in my opinion . 
  even though it 's a tragedy , i ca n't stop laughing . 
  what 's happening in syria is seen as a direct threat to turkey , that 's why turkey 's involved . 
   it 's not something normal countries do . 
  us backs similar salafist factions , russia and iran backs assad who barrel bombed his own citizens , germany is backing a marxist-leninist group who is actively terrorizing one of their `` ally '' . 
  i agree that these actions are questionable . 
  but i still think turkey has more reasons to be involved than the countries above . 
  it 's still not a justification though , so you 're right . 
  the argument . 
  and immunity from future ottoman invasions . 
  you win if i ca n't bitch about the source . 
  you may have linked the wrong article . 
  there is nothing there about a clash , nor anything about syrian kurds . 
   i am curious why a kurdish syrian teenager would want to emigrate in a country with such a strong turkish minority , instead of nl or france . 
  i think it 's the strongest turkish minority from any country in europe , no ? 
  come on man , really ... 
  he bought a satellite connection , it is mentioned in the article . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3kos3j/iama_syrian_immigrant_in_germany_ama/ this is the iama of the same guy . 
  this is making me anxious . 
  i do n't think turkey was ever suitable for eu . 
  though eu handled turkey 's candidacy horribly , and alienated the entire nation . 
  that strengthened erdogan 's position . 
   you can see it in the escalating violence against women , the attacks on secular habits , the pushing of `` modesty '' for girls , even telling them they ca n't smile . 
  i see that you 're following turkish media . 
  islam 's influence on some group of peoples ' lifes have escaleted , i admit that and find it worrying . 
  but that 's not islamism . 
  i thought we were talking about politics . 
  islamism as a political ideology is not an internal problem in turkey , as an atheist living in turkey i 'm not worried about it . 
  i am not sure what is it that you 're trying to say . 
  do you think turkish people are mostly islamists as in they want to be ruled under islamic law ? 
  if so you are completely wrong . 
  i 'm also not sure i fully understand the parallel that you 're trying to build with israel . 
  turkey is still a secular country . 
  majority is against erdogan , they just ca n't unite . 
  do you think he 's been passing laws based on islam left and right ? 
  he ca n't do that , he ca n't even dare to do so . 
  religion interfering with politics is one of the biggest taboos in turkish society . 
  the term is used when comparing , especially with factions in syria nowadays . 
  so some group is moderate in relation to the other . 
  moderate islamism is not a shaped political ideology or something . 
  putin and erdogan had an 8 hours long meeting a few days ago . 
  that must have been awkward . 
  very unlike putin to say those things though , usually his actions are aggresive not his words . 
  it 's very surprising to a point where i actually do n't believe he said them , or at least he did n't want them to be public . 
  i do n't have a problem with that . 
  your concerns are legitimate and should definitely be adressed better by politicians . 
  i have problem with people who push their opinions with smear and misinformation . 
  no , i am not . 
  i am against erdogan , especially his foreign policy . 
  but i hate misinformation . 
  if you doubt a redditor , just check his/her comment history . 
  it should look very much like yours . 
  all about refugees and muslims . 
  do n't you have a hobby or any other interest ? 
  it looks like you 're here to spam your bullshit agenda . 
  you have no chance mate . 
  were they supported before their alliance with al-nusra ? 
  i see that i am wrong here . 
  but were n't they in the us-coalition of factions that are against both is and assad ? 
  i feel like i am missing something . 
  because turkey is more than erdogan and influential people do n't form their opinions on internet comments . 
  you make some many assumptions , articles you 've linked make so many assumptions . 
  this is so not intellectual . 
  it is very clear to me that you 're on an agenda . 
  no one who can think for themselves would buy your bullshit . 
  good fucking luck . 
  turkey supports sultan murad brigade which are said to be moderate islamists . 
  islamic front are sharia nutjobs but they are still fighting isis . 
  ~ ~ ahrar ash-sham is the american-led intervention in syria . ~ ~ my german is quite bad so i ca n't understand the article .
