what is the old lady with the umbrella reference to ? 
  i 'm no dutch , i would n't know . 
  austrian + . . what 's austria bad at ? 
  dutch speak better than british . 
  always . 
  i do n't see how that matters . 
  being fully informed when making a major decision is strictly better . 
  depending on the consequences of the independence , people might change their mind . 
  do you mind explaining the european position that seems clear to you ? 
  i ` am really curious how will be the international reception if they choose the path of unilateral independence . 
  european bureaucracy is as terrifying as war . 
  i sympathize with the refugees . 
  syria population = 17.9 million muslim population in europe = 44 million ( 2010 ) source : googled and looked at the wikipedia articles . 
  there are more than a few cases like this . 
  i can only assume there are more that are not reported . 
  they will face the consequences next time they need help within . 
  what is the socialism that you are used to ? 
  it 's the top story . 
  i did n't pick anything , just clicked the first thing to find a source to make my point . 
  you literally access this article by clicking the big picture of tsipras at the top of the front page . 
  i do n't deny it 's a common way of reporting . 
  i just do n't like it . 
  i think it 's healthier for democracies if people formed their opinions by news itself as opposed to interpretation of the medium from which they get it . 
  bbc 's arcticle has also opinions and analysis but it 's not a part of the main article about the news , it 's only linked in it . 
  i think that 's better . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/21/alexis-tsipras-greek-election-syriza-election-triumph look at the top article from the guardian on greek election . 
  undertitle says ;  prime minister 's gamble on snap poll to see off party revolt over accepting more austerity in exchange for bailout pays off even though i % 100 agree with the assessment , i think it 's a very wrong way to report your main article . 
  using words like gamble , making assumptions about the motives of the parties involved ... keep in mind this is the undertitle , first thing people read . 
  i think it 's wrong to do that , even though i agree with this view on syriza . 
  if they keep alienating their readers who do n't share their views on every matter , the whole thing will turn into a circlejerk . 
  yes , in a way . 
  most people do n't have a problem with bias and agenda in the media but i do . 
  i do agree with the guardian on many things . 
  but i like to form my opinions and people to form their opinions on news not selective reporting and a particular perception influencing language . 
  if you get out of the eurozone , will you die ? 
  they are socialists but they do n't have any money to be socialist with . 
  among the guardian readers , is there anyone that does n't know their view on refugees and europe ? 
  i would even dare to say that they have a problem of overpushing their view . 
  in istanbul , they are 500k $ . 
  yes , i 've completely misunderstood that . 
  war is very often like that . 
  too grim of a comment to end with a smileyface . 
  we have a big deficit , it 's not that simple . 
  that money still has to come from somewhere in the budget . 
  i am not saying it 's a massive burden but it 's not like we have left over cash . 
  this should 've been the topic a few years ago . 
  leaving everything to the last minute is a very human thing to do but still a major mistake . 
  did they think that this would blow over ? 
  whom shall they fight for then ? 
  russia and iran backed assad ? 
  psycho isis ? 
  islamists rebels backed by usa and turkey ? 
  kurdish militia backed by germany ? 
  or one of the other many little factions ? 
  this is a huge clusterfuck . 
  slavs do n't like condoms . 
  governer of edirne said the number is around 1700 . 
  some say that , and some say rape is in their culture . 
  i wonder where are all the sensible people . 
  farron 's a hardcore christian ? 
  i did n't know that , i have some reading to do . 
  it 's funny that gay marriage legalization happened under the socially conservative party . 
   quantitative easing to fund national infrastructure this sounds a like a very bad idea to me . 
  does anyone have some links to proffesional opinions on this ? 
  yes . 
  those are the kind of places where radicalization happens . 
  and the schools , they are even more hateful . 
  wahhabism is a toxic ideology . 
  thanks . 
   can i ask what would look bad ? 
  war , terror , declining economic growth , plummeted currency , over 2 million refugees , growing deficit , private debt , incompetent politicians , complete hoplessness ; all kinds of hell really . 
  by the way i have n't heard of that kid who 've got shot . 
  and i ca n't seem to find anything with a quick googling . 
  i 'm giving the benefit of doubt as of yet , because news here are horrible . 
  oh yeah , and our media is merely a propaganda tool for people with political motives . 
  edit : link to the story below . 
  what is spray cheese ? 
  was n't that vote about assad regime though ? 
  i 'll waste my vote by voting ldp ( lib dem ) . 
  too early to tell ? 
  are you an elf ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'll read them later but i am already angry about it . 
  where can i read more about these policies ? 
  what 's this about ? 
  economic left/right : 1.0 social libertarian/authoritarian : -4.36 before answering , i 've paraphrased the questions and outright changed the loaded ones . 
  now the results seem right . 
  he 's a soviet spy . 
  i think reading through bias is a very important skill to have . 
  there should be classes on media consuming . 
  here 's the leaderboard of refugee hosting : 1-turkey 2-lebanon 3-jordan 4-iraq 5-egypt these countries are not `` islam countries '' . 
  maybe you are talking about the other gulf countries like qatar , kuwait , u.a.e and saudi arabia . 
  and yes , it is a shame they do n't feel they should host refugees . 
  it appears that european countries do n't share that many values at all . 
  scandies ca n't get enough of them dank memes . 
  free train wifi is the backbone of europe . 
  well , they 've just given them another $ 13 billion . 
  a new government who will not abide the deal syriza signed would cause a huge clusterfuck . 
  though polls suggest it will be syriza again , apparently they gained even more support . 
  it 's because of the hipput-tapput song .
