  war comes with all the atrocities . 
  these people are running away from those . 
  i thought it was obvious i was talking about the pre war syria . 
  other than that you linked to some instances from other countries . 
  you englishmen sure do mix up your middle eastern countries . 
  by the way , i am an atheist and pretty vocal about it . 
  i also hate islam but i never let it make me discriminate people . 
  we 've all heard about the evil catholicism , but when the time came , irish people stood up for equality and what 's good regardless of what they believe or think . 
  because people generally do n't want bad things for other people . 
  and syrians are no different . 
  they 're people who are running away from war , and in need of help . 
  it is okay if you do n't want to live with these people or if you think two groups can not co exist . 
  it 's just sad that you think so . 
   remember : you do n't have to be a subscriber to / r/european [ 1 ] to criticize certain behaviors , it 's not racist or bigoted to call these people backwards for the way they are acting what is bigoted is to blame the entire religion and all it 's believers for it . 
  is that what it is that being done here though ? 
  there is no act here , no behaviour . 
  there is just preassumption of syrian refugees being potential threat to children . 
  that is just wrong to me . 
  and where bigotry starts is that what is this preassumption is based on . 
  what makes you think these people will sexually assault children ? 
  are sexual crime rates high in syria ? 
  is there an epidemic of school girls being assaulted in syria ? 
  i think people are scared because of all the terrorism , war and violence . 
  and scared people do n't reason well . 
  most of the refugees are in the countries you mentioned above . 
  there are n't that many syrian refugees in europe considering the scale of the war . 
  germany is leading with 105000 sweden with 40000 austria 11200 italy 4600 and that 's pretty much about it , as opposed to turkey 's 2.5 million , lebanon 's 1.5 million and such . . 
  there are actually more syrians than lebanese in lebanon . 
  guys , this might be a shock to you , but raping school girls is not a national passtime in syria . 
  maybe if you spared a few minutes to research the life in syria , you would know these poor people who feel lucky to be alive are not potential rapists . 
  i am not sure i understand your argument . 
  i do n't think they tolerate harassment of school girls in germany either . 
  are they really natural though ? 
  we have a lot of syrian refugees and we have n't had this kind of problem . 
  at least it 's not reported in the media . 
  i 've read so many `` retarded reddit mod '' stories that i no longer expect reason from them . 
   the kurdish militia ypg has begun to `` surround '' and `` sweep the area '' where isil jihadists infiltrated kobane , spokesman r\u00ead\u00fbr xel\u00eel told the telegraph :  today 's early morning , a group of five cars , loaded with 30-35 of isil elements , wearing the clothes and raising the flag of the fsa [ free syrian army rebels ] has undertaken a suicide attack . 
   they entered from the south and the west sides of kobane to inside the town . 
  in the beginning they exploded a suicide car bomb near the crossing [ with turkey ] then they opened fire randomly at civilians , among them women and children . 
   then they infiltrated inside to the neighborhoods . 
  the ypg has started to surround them and sweep the area where they entered . 
   so far , 15 of this group were killed . 
  three of them managed to escape to turkey . 
  there are still some elements hiding inside the city . 
   the clashes are still going on between isil elements and the ypg . 
   ** so far , we have no confirmed news , if this group entered kobane though the turkish borders or not . 
  the primary information and the eye witnesses say that they entered from turkey but officially we do n't have confirmed information yet . 
  **  isil attacked a village called barambarkh , near the area of terreen , 20 km from kobane . 
  terreen is a border zone with isil . 
  in the village they are talking about 20 civilians [ killed ] but i do n't know for sure the credibility of this number . 
   after isil has lost many strategic areas , it wants to prove to its supporters and its elements that they are still powerful and capable to do a lot of things . 
  so that is why they attacked kobane and the south part of hasakeh . 
   it 's not easy for isil to return back to kobane . 
  we are expecting some operations of that kind as we have 400 km of borders with them but it 's difficult for them to return to occupy the area . '', 
  stay away from them . 
  turkish brokers ' fees are ridiculous , and i doubt austrians are any different . 
  most of the small brokerages have unprofitable fees . 
  i would be very surprised if that were true . 
  there are tons of brokers that serve internationally . 
  i am looking through a few online brokers right now and none of them 's saying they are not offering their services to austrians . 
  it 's odd . 
  you ca n't buy through them maybe in some countries but you wo n't have any problem buying through a broker . 
  it will just be a little bit more expensive on the commission side . 
  edit : https://global.vanguard.com/portal/site/kiids/at/en/documents it says here that they offer etfs to austrian citizens , maybe i 'm missing soemthing ? 
  lawyer makes a statement and before anyone reacts he says `` withdrawn '' . 
  maybe that could be an equivalent . 
  [ too many . 
  i could n't make myself clear . 
  risk is proportional to the interest you gain . 
  depending on whom you lend risk will vary . 
  you get the interest because you take the risk . 
  that 's how investments work . 
  vanguard has the best commission rates for small investors . 
  a european company would very likely be more expensive . 
  i am not sure though . 
  maybe you should try / r/investing for better educated advise . 
  i do n't think they do . 
  but there are that do so . 
  but i think it would be a mistake to not to have an exposure to american market , and many would agree with me on that one . 
  check out / r/investing , if you want to learn more . 
  etfs . 
  because they are diversified and do n't require much work . 
  i 'd suggest you check out vanguard . 
   later a buckingham palace aide said : `` this is not about the eu . 
  the queen is apolitical . 
  she would never make a political point . '', 
  good save . 
  it 's just one fuckwit guys . 
  gender segregated market is not a thing , even in islam . 
  sorry guys . 
  your guess is pretty much right . 
  he said the evidence was fake and it was made by outside groups who are enemies of the state . 
  conspiracy sells in turkey . 
  mhp is very strict about the process ' relation with pkk and ocalan . 
  if the process is to be continued , it will be up to kurds who seem to be the more flexable side . 
  compromising is n't a thing in turkish political culture . 
  akp-mhp coalition wo n't work like they are partners . 
  mhp will be there just to prevent akp 's plans as much as they can . 
  there seems to be a rise in anti-immigration parties in europe , generally . 
  obviously a part of european people are concerned with this issue .
