  they issued a temporary ban . 
  law says they can do it if it 's a national security concern . 
  so , that might mean the threat is n't over yet . 
  i am just speculating though . 
  almost every single media outlet is reporting it as of this moment . 
  i am 99 % sure you have to have travel insurance to get a visa in the first place . 
  nothing to do with religion , we 're just liars . 
  are you talking about proton mail ? 
  5.3 % now . 
  shall we get radical then ? 
  i guess military can still go ahead and take over , i mean they have the means to do so . 
  but i think we collectively agree that 's a horrible idea , including military itself . 
  media that was shut down is owned by another islamist group . 
  they were the ones who backed akp when they first formed . 
  something happened and now they are mortal enemies . 
  also , army has no role in politics now . 
  as a turk , i genuinely believe that . 
  those days are over . 
  if i ever get into politics , i 'd like to hire you as my campaign manager . 
  generally yes . 
  you could say that . 
  but turkey 's in conflict with assad regime , isis and kurds . 
  and they are in conflict with each other . 
  so any action could be taken as supporting the other two . 
  for example , us is against assad , and assad 's fighting isis . 
  so you could say that us is supporting isis ... etc. 
  here 's [ list of the factions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_armed_groups_in_the_syrian_civil_war ) in the syria right now , i think this is helpful to get a better understanding of the region . 
  just to give a bit context . 
  [ here 's a map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kd5kx8t.png ) ypg 's trying to unite the two yellow regions , with the ultimate goal of forming a strong state in the region . 
  turkey 's threatened by that because they think kurds will claim land from southeastern turkey later . 
  also pkk is actively at war with turkey . 
  opinions on ypg and pkk 's relation vary , but most people in turkey think they are the same organization . 
  [ do n't leave me hanging , woman-emperor !, 
  ottoman palaces actually have similar decorations to this . 
  it 's oriental . . but whatever . 
  what 's wrong with the project ? 
  who owns the houses in germany ? 
  why is nepal so low on the list ? 
  yes that is a concern aswell , but not a bigger concern than a ricochet . 
  in almost every situation , shooting in air is safer than shooting in the ground . 
  i did n't consider that . 
  although a bullet ricocheting off a branch is unlikely , it 's still possible i guess . 
  ricochet is something bouncing of a surface . 
  border guards were n't shooting to kill though . 
  it 's an accident . 
  well , in this case , ricochet randomly killed a person . 
  what a tragedy . 
  warning shots should n't ricochet . 
  you point the gun at sky and shoot . 
  it 's really simple . 
  i give up , this is exhausting . 
  i am actually from that town . 
   unfortunately , it seems that the turkish government may not be willing to protect the village , as plans have been put forward to lease the land and open it up to development . 
  this is n't true . 
  i have no idea where the author got this information . 
   not sure why you would n't believe these figures . 
  because it does n't validate my bias . 
  wage growth of 3 % is absolutely great but zero inflation is not necessarily a good thing . 
  i 'm from southwestern turkey and we have many british pensioners moving here , claiming it 's hard to live off their pension in britain . 
  can someone shed a light on this ? 
  i also know brits who wo n't stop banging on about everthing getting more expensive yet negative inflation is reported here . 
  what 's the deal ? 
  islam is actually fine with divorce . 
  turkey 's relatively low rate comes from conservative family values the nation has , in my opinion . 
  will national parliaments have a say in this ? 
  or will it be solely on european parliament 's hands ? 
  you have absolutely no chance dutchies !, 
  give up already . 
  i think people are worried about it because they fear corporates will abuse it in someway and state will have no power against them . 
  i can access both . 
  when do you think ttip will be public in its finalized form , approximately ? 
  i was talking about ttip ? 
  is it fully public ? 
  i think he 's calling the terrorists provocateurs . 
  something might 've gone wrong in the translation . 
  my translation ; `` people should watch out for these kind of provocateurs . 
  on the eve of the election , people who want to cause unrest to the nation commit these kinds of terrorist attacks . 
  therefore people should be careful . 
  intention ( of terrorists ) is to cause civil unrest . 
  it 's provocation . '', 
  deal is n't public yet , ~ ~ it will be in a few weeks ~ ~ . 
  i suggest you wait until everything 's clear . 
  it seems like there 's a lot of misinformation about it right now . 
  i actually expect it not to pass at this point because of the backlash it caused even before the text went public . 
  i believe pkk has been in conflict with kurdish hezbollah lately and k.hezbollah had heavy casualties . 
  i read these mostly on internet comments and some blogs , no journalist is covering these conflicts . 
  so , keep that in mind . 
  it 's funny that it 's an european problem now because eu did n't give shit when it was n't their problem back in 2012 . 
  very unnerving to watch . 
  general consensus seems to be that the suspects are hezbollah and isis . 
  i do n't think anyone suspects turkish nationalists , some think that the government is behind this . 
  it is probably hezbollah because this attack is very similar to suru\u00e7 ( another terrorist attack in july ) , and the suru\u00e7 bomber had ties with hezbollah , though it 's never confirmed . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/20/goldsmiths-racism-row-divides-students-bahar-mustafa the article of the other incident of hers , from may . 
  did you just make the exact same comment as me ? 
  this is creepy . 
  there is worse though . 
  i had gotten a visa from usa 2 years after 9/11 . 
  traumatic experience . 
  you make a reservation with the embassy first .
