  and the price of it is getting called english or british by some well meaning foreigners . 
  yea boi . 
  it 's 2009 . 
  [ did i win ? 
  by plumbing . 
  * sigh *, 
  https://i.imgur.com/yayyyfn.jpg this is from my hometown , it 's a few weeks after the bike lane 's built . 
  now it 's much better though . 
  one of the most reputable turkish news agency reports that f-16s are in the zone , and 4 turkish tanks were involved in clash . 
  and they have a picture of a dead isis militant . 
  there is a chance this will lead to a military action across border . 
  http://i.imgur.com/5pqyw5y.png south-eastern border to be exact . 
  night gathers and now my watch begins ... 
  that does n't sound right to me but i ca n't say i know much about greek politics . 
  some mps from syriza will be enough , because the opposition will vote it through . 
  looking forward to your input on this . 
  photos are reverse selfies now . 
  i admire your patience . 
  almost too intuitive . 
   creditors refuse their proposals for political reasons what are these reasons ? 
  are you talking about the potential snowball effect , reaction of countries like portugal , spain , italy ... etc ? 
  i agree with them about the debt restructuring but the whole evil creditors narrative needs to stop . 
  both parties handle this the way they think is right . 
  their interests and motives are different but syriza have been putting it like there has been a conspiracy against greece and they are being victimized . 
  what i do n't understand is how do they feel entitled to a debt structure . 
  it might be the best thing to do but that does n't mean you have a right to it . 
  [ service fee : 3 billion euros . 
  really my comment was about greece 's tax problem through undeclared revenue . 
  i do n't think i can convince you to `` trust '' the banks . 
  i do n't have your answers . 
  you should use whatever you think is right to use . 
  my point was that cards adress the problem . 
  we had that problem , but everyone uses credit/debit cards now . 
  nodody carries cash with them , so they have to give reciepts . 
  oh , now i see what i did there too . 
  1 percent of the 1 percent . 
  0.01 percent . 
  this new greek government 's ways are very unorthodox . 
  hope it turns out well . 
  though i think they need to drop the evil creditors narrative . 
  it helps no one . 
   as of tomorrow , with this very generous ` no ' that the greek people have given us - ignoring the fear created with closed banks and by the media - we will try to co-operate with our partners and we will invite them one by one to see if we can find some common ground . 
  and we will try to be positive . 
  - varoufakis so this was all a negotiation tactic ? 
  https://twitter.com/bbcrosatkins/status/617777123319791616 i do n't claim to know that this result is better or worse for greece . 
  but i think the celebrations are premature . 
  i do n't understand . 
  am i breaking the law if i take a picture of mona lisa or eiffel tower ? 
  i agree with everything you said except that these count as an excuse for not voting . 
  please vote . 
  this is like watching the office 's scott 's tods episode . 
  so much cringe . 
  if that 's how democracy should work , i think they should give people a little more time than a week for a decision that will shape their next fifty years . 
  i do n't see how this referandum will be benefitial to the process but good luck , neighbours . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees  migrants/refugees i am really tired of pointing out the differences . 
  okay , i will stop doing that . 
  1 - i get your point , it will depend . 
  i wrongly assumed we all agreed accepting refugees is a decent thing to do . 
  2 - i did n't say what you should do . 
  i commented on prime minister 's remarks . 
  countries generally do n't decide to accept refugees based on their responsibility on the matter . 
  prime minister 's comment was about refugees . 
  i agree economic immigration is a different thing . 
  i do n't see how this is forcing . 
  eu 's stance on the issue has been crystal clear . 
  no one was forced to join the union . 
  i do n't think anybody would disagree with you on that one . 
  of course ending the war would be a much better resolution to the problem . 
   the problem is that taking refugees is all that is really being proposed . 
  this is not true though , everyone has been disscusing how to react and whether to take action or not about syria for years now . 
  problem is they still do n't have a clue how to solve this . 
  we do . 
  is this something british redditors would give conservative government credit for ? 
  i just thought terrorism and fearmongering is interchangible in the context varoufakis used it . 
  i guess it does have an effect on the perception . 
  what am i missing ? 
  how does this changes things massively ? 
  you accept refugees because it 's a decent thing to do . 
  not because you feel guilty or because it 's a punishment or something . 
  this may be a little bit off topic but , what are the arguments for referandum being the right choice in this matter ? 
  was n't the recent general election primarily about this anyway ? 
  i did n't like what happened . 
  i wanted to read about greece . 
  i do n't think tsipras is qualified to be the prime minister of a country which is going through a major crisis . 
  kebap party in belgrade . 
  that would break the stereotype of german humour . 
  link you posted is a report on regime 's actions . 
  you are just like those 9/11 inside job people , keep throwing links that has no proof or revelancy . 
  i 've read your post history , i wo n't argue with you because i think you are textbook bigot . 
  was n't it also on ramadan last year ? 
  i do n't think they authorize marches on istiklal anyway . 
  what 's so special about this year though ? 
  pride parades have been going smoothly without any interference for years . 
  and attendance has always been huge . 
   rape statistics  male journalist dressed as women to expose sexual harassment  egypt : epidemic of sexual violence  over 100 women raped in tahir square  sexual assualt in the middle east  harassment a dutch reporter in iran  syria has a massive rape crisis wmc  syria has a massive rape crisis - the atlantic  children shot at , raped  what makes you think these people will sexually assault children ? 
   the above videos and knowing how muslims from 3rd countries react when they see western women dressed the way they dress as opposed to the way they dress in the middle east . 
   are sexual crime rates high in syria ? 
   yes . 
   i think as a turkish muslim you 're just sensitive to criticism of people from your religion but i do n't really care about you and am more concerned with the safety of children than being politically correct . 
  it is clear from the links you 've posted about syria , the problem is a product of the war .
