  and it is not addressed by main stream parties . 
  this is my impression at least . 
  also i see that the supporters of these parties are dismissed as idiots/fascists . 
  discussion has been cut off by two groups marginalizing and dismissing each other . 
  this does n't seem very `` european '' to me . 
  a turk lecturing on european values is borderline trolling , i am aware of that . 
  but i had to say it . 
  i 'm just happy that we were considered in europe . 
  chp made it clear they wo n't work with akp . 
  two parties ' and their voters ' base 's relationship is based on purely hate . 
  also turkey does n't do compromising very well . 
  coalitions almost never survive a full term . 
  and when you add in the bad blood between chp and akp , there is almost zero chance of it happening . 
  of course as it is tradition , akp will talk with chp first because they 're the second party . 
  but chp leader said many times that they wo n't cooperate with akp . 
  i think you are underestimating the group who are very unsatisfied with chp but vote for them because they do n't have much choice . 
  big parties wo n't vote against threshold . 
  uk has a very similar problem , labour and conservatives wo n't vote against fptp . 
  getting big parties to vote for something that would hurt their party is a very hard job . 
  you are right generally but it 's not that simple . 
  there are so many variables . 
  thanks , i hope you guys do okay aswell . 
  these are tough times , economicly . 
  to expand on re-election , if it happens on october , i do n't expect a huge change . 
  maybe akp will lose a few seats but it wo n't change the outcome when it comes to forming a government . 
  if a short term government is formed and the re-election is delayed until a year or so later , outcome is a bit hard to guess . 
  i 'm hoping akp will lose majority of their seats . 
  but anything can happen , they are very good at campaigning and they will have the tools for propoganda . 
  but whatever happens , turkish political history tells us that any government formed under these conditions wo n't be governing for full 4 years . 
  akp will try to avoid a re-election . 
  after the results came , consensus was a coalition between akp and mhp . 
  but mhp leader indicated that they are not willing to enter into any coalition . 
  but we turks have learnt by now that politician talk is almost always bullshit . 
  so , we still expect a cabinet with akp and mhp involved in some way . 
  seeing a community reference in a turkish election thread is almost too conceptual to follow , but i love it . 
  any kind of instability is bad news for investors . 
  we just have to get through it . 
  this might be a surprise for most of the voters but it was expected by anyone who has a clue . 
  i personally have lots of debt in both usd and euro , might be homeless by the end of the 4th quarter but it 's worth to wipe that smug off erdogan 's face . 
  the greatest accomplishment turks have ever had was convincing the world that hitler was austrian and kebap was turkish . 
  hello , this is hitler from beyond the grave . 
  i just wanted to say these mods are doing a great job carrying on my legacy . 
  i am so confident that brits will vote to stay in eu that if i 'm wrong , i will recognize baklava as a greek food . 
  force majeure was absolutely brilliant . 
  not surprising considering all those leprechauns with their rainbow propoganda . 
  it 's not uncommon for immigrants/minorities to hold on to their ethnic culture stronger . 
  these seem alright to me in general . 
  though there is a saying , something like `` judge politicians by their actions not by their words . '' . 
  [ good luck britain . 
  i have to say i find this post very funny . 
  congratulations norway !, 
  i 'm so jealous . 
  i am going to visit norway to talk shit about islam . 
  blasphemy tourism is a thing now . 
  it 's the practical majority . 
  ( 650-5 ) / 2 = 322.5 -5 is sinn fein mps , i think they refuse to take their seats . 
  i am not sure on that though . 
  milliband does n't look good while eating a sandwich . 
  clegg is a whore . 
  farage is literally hitler . 
  green party lady screwed up an interview . 
  i 'd probably vote labour . 
  official stance on politicians should be '' all of them are dicks . 
  shit newspapers here put it like that , and people believe . 
  we have icao compatible biometric passports since 2010 . 
  we do not mention them . 
  and czechoslovakia to us . 
  i do n't like it . 
  especially the bar on left . 
  and british nhs has reiki therapists and spiritual healers on payroll . 
  wait till libertarians hear about this . 
  death by kittens is acceptable . 
   `` values of responsibility , hard work , charity , compassion and pride in working for the common good and honouring the social obligations we have to one another , to our families and our communities . '', 
  quaker , maybe ? 
  yes , they can . 
  they can also work , though i imagine it would be very hard to find a job with the language barrier and the 11 % unemployement here . 
  why are people rushing to have an opinion on this ? 
  you could just wait until you have the whole text to base your opinion on . 
  http://turkey.usembassy.gov/mobile//sm-031116.html march 11 dated , so they knew . 
  turkish airlines is quite alright . 
  i think they even won some awards . 
  zara brand is fine , their products are made in turkey . 
  though he has other brands aswell which i do n't know much about . 
  i believe he has american citizenship , that might why he is n't listed . 
  which one bratislava was in ? 
  i believe queer is now used as a general term to desribe all sexual minorities . 
  they wo n't matter much , it will be up to opec . 
  could be something to do with gas prices . 
  if i 'm not mistaken goldman sachs also thinks oil could go upto $ 70 by the end of the year . 
  underage rape victims often end up with trauma . 
  that means a scar for life . 
  you ca n't possibly name a number for that , and if you must , start with the cost of a lifetime therapy . 
  the worst thing is , i am sure they will rape again . 
  no phone for a year . 
  yes , i am talking about a hypothetical reality where law matters . 
  mexico should be green . 
  law says if it 's a matter of national security , they can issue a temporary ban . 
  so reasoning might be that the threat is n't over yet . 
  but there is no official statement as of yet . 
  yes , i just saw it .
