  but i would n't be very surprised to hear turkey supplied arms to them . 
  but , there is n't or ever was a thing that suggests turkey supports isis . 
  when it comes to middle-east , reddit comments are the worst way to be informed . 
  media , be responsible for once and give these people exposure . 
  nutjobs are always louder than reasonable people , this needs to end . 
  muslims are fine . 
  you are not exposed to them much , that 's why you are afraid . 
  in most muslim majority countries women and men are % 100 equal against the law . 
  they can wear whatever they want . 
  there is sexism in the society but it 's getting better . 
  fgm is strictly an african problem , i 've never even heard of it before . 
  people here do n't even know what it is . 
  syria does n't have sharia law and stonings . 
  again this is not happening in the most muslim majority countries . 
  and in the countries that it 's happening , it 's the law . 
  i 'm sure we all agree , religion and politics is a bad mixture . 
  i mean you should know , a few decades ago in uk , people were jailed because they were gay . 
  was that because british people at the time was a toxic society ? 
  no , it 's politics . 
  in turkey , homosexuality was decriminalized in early 19th century . 
  in iran , state health services provides transgender surgeries . 
  everything is fine unless religion gets involved in politics . 
  you could just learn about them in first person actually . 
  do n't you have a kebap or a falafel place around you ? 
  go there and ask a turk or a pakistani about their culture or whether they want to destroy uk culture . 
  i 've rambled quite a lot , my point is islam is fucked up i agree , so are most of the religions . 
  but that does n't make people practising it evil . 
  i agree . 
  bigot would be my choice of word instead of racist . 
  that might be because the right is more often racist than being ethnically cleansed . 
  refugees wo n't wipe your race out . 
  this is actually the stupidest comment i 've read here . 
   call the police and have you removed from the premises , that 's what . 
  do police enforce those kind of rules in uk ? 
  would they also enforce my book club 's no teen fiction policy ? 
  where is this melting pot and how is the weather there ? 
  it 's a political move to gain votes . 
  nationalistic party ( mhp ) has been bleeding votes for a while now , erdogan wants those votes . 
  if you read on the akp history , it 's impossible not to realize that these people are in it for power . 
  it has nothing to with ideology at all . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , istanbul is actually greek aswell . 
  translates roughly to `` to the city '' . 
  i think that could be possible if we knew the shutter speed of the camera when the picture is taken . 
  if you do n't vote for him , a worse super villain might get in the office . 
  that one will certainly get a massive reaction here . 
  you 'd had better d\u00f6ner kebabs though . 
  imagine that . 
  wait . 
  are we the baddies ? 
  third time 's the charm . 
  this reads like sarcasm to me . 
  i believe biden 's latest remarks points to an agreement as such . 
  secret to high growth is being shit at first . 
  you seem to be on the right path . 
  one of these days i will understand a pop culture reference . 
  please do share more . 
  no need . 
  we have bruce willis . 
  agreed . 
  no one should be forced travel with budget airlines . 
  put them in a plane with decent legroom . 
  also torture . 
  ankara is the capital of radical whataboutism . 
  tragicomic ? 
  is that a word in english ? 
  i confess that it was a premature thought . 
  but while i was reading the 13th question i immediately drew parallels in my head . 
  we are so culturally similar , it 's funny . 
  you ca n't remove kebap because you are kebap . 
  we 've had enough of these experts . 
  i agree . 
  but no need to worry now , the post has been removed . 
  i think it does give a glimpse . 
  and [ the poll ] ( https://twitter.com/dailysabah/status/756575396301312000 ) is still there , as of this moment . 
  except [ insert nationality ] . 
  you hit the spot . 
  i kept expecting a `` but '' but it did n't come . 
  political drama needs to be an olympic sport . 
  no he does n't . 
  it sounds like he 's asked about it and he says that it is a possibility . 
  it 's quite accurate with some pharaphrasing though around minute mark it goes bananas . 
  gulen does n't say anything about corruption investigations for example . 
  what is the historians ' consensus on this one ? 
  inside job ? 
  that 's the nicest thing anyone ever said about us . 
  this warrants at least a 12 points to macedonia in the next eurovision contest . 
  wow . 
  i did n't know that french were such turcophiles . 
  36 dead , from prime minister 's statement . 
  are n't these quite serious claims ? 
  have these leaks been made available to public ? 
  it is clear to me that neither the leave campaign nor the government had a plan for a leave vote . 
  only cameron had a plan and that was to resign . 
  and where the fuck is osborne ? 
  unfortunately , hatred will bring out more hatred . 
  i have a feeling you already know this . 
  okay ... 
  i retract my facetious comment . 
  i believe he 's trying to reclaim the title . 
  we 're really good at invading .
