  just saying . 
  who 's the best realistic candidate in your opinion ? 
  this is so bizarre . 
  your comment makes it all clear to me . 
  i believe she 's talking about public 's perception and the culture . 
  turkish men and women are equal by the law . 
  aside from a few incentives for women to increase their role in the economy and the workforce . 
  hundreds of \u00e7omars grouped up at the consulate to protest . 
  they are aggressive idiots , so stay away . 
   i hope for a day when uk government tells the turks to fuck off . 
  i hope for a day when the turks tell certain turks to fuck off . 
  i am too basic for german sarcasm . 
  i will work on my banter game and be ready next time . 
  thank you for pointing out that my joke was historically inaccurate . 
  i did n't know where turkey stood in the world wars . 
  i guess our history education is as shit as you suspected . 
  world wars . 
  i was n't thinking that you geniunely think that eu should annex turkey . 
  you really are playing into german humour stereotypes . 
  where i live is the opposition 's stronghold . 
  so , i do n't meet a lot of supporters of the regime . 
  routes of communication between the west and turkey is closing more and more everyday . 
  there are negative news about the west all the time . 
  for example , yesterday mainstream news channels reported that germany did n't allow an akp meeting in germany . 
  then , they went on about karayilan 's ( pkk 's leader ) meetings that happened in the past in germany . 
  what they did n't tell is german authorities declined akp because the space they choose was far too small for the expected people that will come . 
  so , it was a technical/safety issue . 
  you should see that they are trying to cultivate people 's view about the west . 
  what eu should decide , in my opinion , is whether this is a battle that they are willing to take . 
  i have no idea on how to deal with this . 
  i am sure there is a way but nobody has been able to show putin 's true face to russian people and it 's not because a lack if trying . 
  and erdogan 's using the same tools . 
  i hope we can find a way to break the propoganda . 
  i am not % 100 convinced economic sanctions hurt the ruling government 's popularity . 
  i 've read that putin 's more popular than ever . 
  erdogan uses similar propoganda tools like putin 's . 
  everyone in the west is out to get us , they are secretly trying their best to hurt us ... etc. 
  if there is a problem , it 's usa/eu 's fault ( or the jews ) . 
  i think priority should be to break the propoganda . 
  go on then , third time 's the charm . 
  that 's a horrifying depiction of theresa may . 
   so better to force them not to wear it by the state right ? 
  i did not say that . 
   and if you 're so concerned about societal pressures , where is your demand that europeans stop alienating muslims through societal pressure ? 
  i live in turkey , mate . 
  do n't know much about europeans alienating muslims . 
  if i had to speculate , i 'd say blame does not lie solely upon europeans . 
  yeah , it looks like i have n't seen all of the comments . 
  it started out good then eventually went over the edge much like certain salafists . 
   disregards societal pressures . 
  that 's just another delusion of the religious . 
  i see people who are forced to wear it everyday , and it kills me . 
  i think it 's quite sad . 
  op 's just saying what he thinks in a articulate and polite way . 
  although i must admit , it is very hard to be openminded about salafism . 
  i ca n't speak for vietnamese but very big portion of middle easterners are not fond of us foreign policy . 
  i am not going to comment whether what us did was right or wrong but people 's perception of it , is that it 's horrible . 
  that is crystal clear . 
   they 've already cased more damage to us foreign image than probably any other us . 
  govt in history . 
  vietnamese , iraqis , afgans ... etc might disagree with that statement . 
  incase it was n't clear , we lie . 
  it might have to do with attracting international businesses with its tax code . 
  i am terrorized everytime he talks . 
  i remember a time when saying such a thing would n't be tolerated by the society . 
  i know it 's hard to believe but you just got to take my word on this one . 
  it has actually got worse , i do n't know many countries where social equality and liberties decline . 
  we had a woman prime minister for god 's sake !, 
  i have no idea how we 've got here . 
  it probably has to do with politicization of islam . 
  do you remember anything about the poll ? 
  a name or anything , so i can look it up . 
  we turks are very liberal with our ethnic slurs . 
  average turkish woman is my neighbour . 
  also facial dissymmetry . 
  so you think the turkish state did it ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/jul/23/vladimir-putins-approval-rating-at-record-levels surely it does n't make any economical sense . 
  now that i see that putin increased his support , there seems to be no political sense either . 
  is it merely taking a moral stance ? 
  or there are longterm goals i 'm missing , perhaps ? 
  i have n't formed an opinion yet , looking forward to your input . 
  but it 's a bit frustrating to see at the first glance that these sanctions only hurt the people of russia and europe , while helping involved politicians . 
  exchange offices or banks . 
  no , back in the day , we bought turkeys from india . 
  and we called them hindi after the country where they are exported from . 
  and then we sold the turkeys which we bought to europe . 
  then the europeans named the birds turkey after the country turkey . 
  i 've meant they are exported from turkey , as in a trade . 
  i thought that was clear . 
  turks/turkic people name of the race turkey is the bird named after us because it came to europe through turkey . 
  wow , just wow . 
  that is police brutality . 
  i do n't think women solo travellers are more at risk than any other demographic from that . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  in my opinion , [ cappadocia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cappadocia ) is one of the best spots in the world for solo travel . 
  although i can not guarantee your safety , i am % 100 sure you 'd be safer there than \u0130stanbul . 
  this is embarrasing . 
  well , then you 'd miss a lot . 
  it 's called hindi after india ( india is hindistan in turkish ) . 
  same here in turkey aswell , although we 're biased .
