oh , of course spain should apologise . 
  but when you 've got a ruling party giving honours to troops who fought with the nazis ( and giving police medals to the virgin mary ) , that 's not very likely . 
  and did you see aznar 's former spokesman saying that mas needs a firing squad ... stay classy , pp . 
  i think that because northern france was under occupation , it does n't count in law . 
  were he captured in vichy france then you could make that point . 
  it 's difficult because relatively few people will admit that they do n't know much or very rarely speak it . 
  this [ link ] ( http://www.idescat.cat/dequavi/dequavi?tc=444&amp;v0=15&amp;v1=2 ) provides some data that about 50 % of catalan citizens claim their normal language is spanish , while about 36 % say catalan . 
  i would suggest that the proportion of habitual catalan speakers increases as you get further from the metropolitan area . 
  yes , i speak it . 
  i guess about half ( maybe a little less ) of bcn speaks it and then much higher ratios as you get out into the countryside and rural towns . 
  language policy is a key component to the catalan question . 
  education here is 100 % in catalan , except for spanish and english classes . 
  a few parents have complained about this , which has led to the spanish government deciding that classes should be 50/50 catalan and spanish . 
  some catalan speakers fear that this is a first step back to reducing catalan to second-class status . 
  at the same time , the pp ( ruling party in spanish govt ) is reducing the need for catalan/valencian among public servants in the balearic islands and valencia , threatened to remove funding to the valencian academy unless it declares that valencian and catalan are different languages ( they 're not ) , and has renamed the catalan language when it 's used in aragon . 
  so it 's a hot topic and some people do worry that the plan is to recentralize spain again along very much more castilian lines . 
  edit : i should add that fewer and fewer people in the islands and valencia speak catalan/valencian . 
  some say that 's a natural process and that rule changes are simply intended to reflect that new reality . 
  others would argue that it 's precisely removing the language from schools and removing it as a necessity for civil servants that causes its decreasing usage . 
  well i 'm english originally but living here for years !, 
  but thanks !, 
  looks like it 'll be elections and a udi rather than a referendum . 
  it 's the catalan independence flag ( estelada ) . 
  you can also choose the regular catalan flag ( senyera ) , and lots of other non-state nations/regions . 
  just because you do n't even have a president . 
  nope . 
  the tc already ruled in 2010 that catalonia has the power to hold a non-binding consultation on any issue `` of public interest '' . 
  [ more here ] ( http://www.abc.es/20100709/espana/estatut-consultas-201007091432.html ) . 
  the law already makes it legal to hold such a consultation . 
  the thing is that in 2010 , the constitutional tribunal stated that catalonia does have the right to hold non-binding consultations on `` any issue of public interest '' . 
  this was explicit . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.abc.es/20100709/espana/estatut-consultas-201007091432.html ) ( in spanish ) . 
  the thing is that the ec report is an opinion poll of citizens . 
  it 's pretty flawed as well . 
  which is n't to say that catalonia does n't have big problems to address . 
  other reports point out that per head of population , cat has fewer corruption cases than any other c.a. 
  of course , this does n't correct for the size of the cases . 
  also , where 's the comic sans ? 
  ai n't nothing ` socialist ' about the psoe except its name . 
  interestingly , in catalonia , the pp got 20.07 % of the vote whereas in spain as a whole , they got 44 % . 
  catalans still voted conservatively but favoured ciu . 
  the psoe is opposed to the consulta and any territorial changes in spain . 
  podemos supports it but quietly considers catalan independence to be undesirable . 
  your analysis is very unusual . 
  you ask why a group of people would bother to speak their mother tongue . 
  a language a thousand years old , which has survived hundreds of years of repression . 
  and then you talk about ` self-inflicting ' . 
  do you lack all empathy ? 
  also , it 's not `` how it came across '' at all . 
  that would suggest that there 's an implied attitude of self-harm in catalonia . 
  what you meant is `` that 's what i 've chosen to infer from my lack of knowledge '' . 
  it says that in the article . 
  at the beginning . 
  i reckon a likely scenario is this : the spanish government wo n't permit a referendum to take place this november . 
  based on that , and the resulting risk of a low turnout , the catalan government will cancel the referendum and call elections which will result in a probable erc ( catalan republican left ) majority , which will likely unilaterally declare independence . 
  the government in madrid wants this to happen as it offers it the strongest possible position from which to negotiate . 
  national debt issues and eu accession - probably the two most important areas to negotiate - will take years to resolve . 
  but full independence wo n't happen until they are negotiated . 
  i 'm not completely clear on what catalonia 's position would be during this period . 
  but i think a unilateral declaration of independence could be worded to include time for negotiation ... e.g. 
  `` we declare that on january 1st 2018 , catalonia shall become an independent republic within the european union ... '' , thus providing 3 years for all the necessary negotiations . 
  from what i have seen , the catalan government genuinely is preparing for independence . 
  among other things , it has started to establish its own diplomatic corps . 
  as long as you use the numpad , there should n't be a problem . 
  source : am english , live in catalonia ( same system as you guys ) . 
  it 's not really the ` most spoken ' so much as the one with proportionally more speakers per head of population in one * comunidad autonoma * . 
  but still , that 's an interesting statistic . 
  it can be when used in an inclusive way , which was clearly my point . 
  political correctness does n't mean that difficult topics ca n't be discussed . 
  it 's really just a form of language designed not to exclude . 
  there seem to be an awful lot of people out there who are confused about this topic . 
  barcenas has his holiday home there !, 
  hahaha, 
  in my experience , that sort of language is not used very often at all . 
  the parties that talk most about ` xarnegos ' and ` bad catalans ' are generally pro-union parties who are playing a sort of reverse victimhood card . 
  i 'm not saying no one has ever been insulted : i 'm sure it happens on both sides of the debate . 
  but no candidate for a pro-independence party would ever speak like that . 
  a hell of a lot of icv voters are pro-independence but loyal to the party . 
  that 's based on good old unscientific personal experience , by the way . 
  societat civil catalana - founded by fascists , is effectively a front organization for somatemps and various other right-wing authoritarian groups . 
  it 's funded secretly and wo n't even say how many members it has . 
  anyone who tries to report negatively about scc gets threatened with legal action . 
  and it has the nerve to call itself that . 
   eventually we reconquer the entire country by ` we ' , you mean wellington , the british army and spanish guerrillas , i suppose ? 
  you clearly do n't know what fascism is . 
  actually , i do n't think spain can afford more austerity . 
  no , an increasingly right-wing psoe is rubber-stamping pp budgets and legislation . 
   democracy is about the rule of law as much as it is about putting votes in a ballot box . 
   i understand how people who have never been through a dictatorship where one man believed himself about the rule of law would struggle to understand this though . 
  the rule of law is an essential element of basically all systems of government , and without voting and protection of human rights can be no better than authoritarianism . 
  as the un has said , `` human rights , the rule of law and democracy are interlinked and mutually reinforcing and that they belong to the universal and indivisible core values and principles of the united nations '' . 
  you wo n't get a straight answer on here . 
  this is n't correct . 
  bcn el prat is owned by aena , a semi-privatized public company . 
  the part that is publicly owned pertains to the ministry of public works , not defence . 
  no , it 's not . 
  in recent elections , the spanish government imposed a system called ` electoral blocks ' on catalan broadcast media , meaning that in every bulletin a precise amount of time had to be given to each candidature . 
  this is a reworking of that law , but using a catalan government agency rather than the junta electoral central , because the latter obviously wo n't be involved in a referendum the spanish government refuses to permit . 
  el pa\u00eds knows this but has chosen to twist the facts to suit its agenda . 
  hey , it 's a newspaper and that 's what they do these days , i guess .
