  a between 2 android devices , the chats are encrypted end to end , to ios users it is n't . 
  ( they are working on it ) . 
  por una parte si se me hace como que ya quitarlo por verguenza , pero por otra digo * fuck haters , they gon na hate , charlie sheen is winning *, 
  suitable username the one you have . 
  i 'm more inclined toward trp so ... lol . 
  ese video !, 
  well , if you want a degree that would be very useful in mexico or us , computer engineering . 
  i know it 's the clich\u00e9 of the tech boom but it 's true . 
  if you are gon na live with your family in gdl and will stay to study , i would recommend tec de mty ( itesm ) [ disclosure : i study there , that career ] . 
  great school . 
  it also offers several courses in english but it may be expensive ( from the mexican pov ) . 
  so if you have the money go for it . 
  i enjoyed reading it !, 
  good article . 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  if you just stand up and began shouting , you actually expect him to respect your questions and answer you back ? 
  you may have not read from all the bs liberal media , that when ramos cooled down , he was allowed to come back and actually trump allowed ramos to ask questions about immigration policy and answered them for 5 minutes . 
  you can see it here : https://youtu.be/z0_n-lhv6xs?t=19m, 
  which on a 30 minute conference it 's 1/6 of it . 
  of course the left wing media only talk about the `` poor '' ramos being `` thrown out '' but casually never mentions that he went back asked his questions to trump and he answered them . 
  you should first really make sure your breakfast is dead , otherwise ... it 's still alive . 
  refiriendome a tu hermana , anyways ... 
  guiseeee op delivered !, 
  i googled `` halterophilia '' and since i guess you speak spanish ( like me ) it would translate to powerlifting . 
  shut up metallica . 
  one of us . 
  has probado las tacodillas ? 
  notepad life brah ^ ^ jk, 
   like in said you do n't understand because you have not lived through it . 
  therefore shut the fuck . 
  i never said that you did . 
  haters gon na hate xd, 
  para ser honesto yo uso sublime text . 
  genial !, 
  u mad brah ? 
  funny thing is ; first i wanted to go to iteso but by my parent 's choice i go into uag . 
  i did n't liked it and after 1 year i dropped out . 
  i got a scholarship at itesm when iteso would n't offer me one . 
  anyways , i like it here . 
  while i really like isc , i also think managing skills are really useful since they can be applied in other areas besides engineering . 
  i 've began using onenote . 
  previously i used evernote . 
  i really wanted to like it , but ca n't . 
  notes organization is a mess ( imo ) and there 's always the `` ugprade ! '', 
  messages and limitations . 
  onenote seems much more complete and robust . 
  no premium features and much more customizable . 
  i now get really orgranized with the structure of onenote . 
  seem much more complex but with a lot more power . 
  well , onenote is free on the app store . 
  no need for office 365 . 
  i would really like the implemented latex on onenote . 
  would be amazing !, 
  looking forward to it !, 
  from the current fusion 8 charts you posted . 
  i 'm glad to see it 's only around 10 % ( on average ) performance difference between bootcamp and virtualization . 
  if it keeps getting better ( maybe hit 95 % performance-wise ) i would never install windows again . 
  also enable being able to type anywhere . 
  ( like onenote ) not just begin at the top and then go down . 
  ( like a normal document ) . 
  better image management . 
  post its also would be nice . 
  it had some premium features they got eliminated on february this year . 
  this is the only office app to do so . 
  word , powerpoint , excel do have extra features with a subscription . 
  pls no ; _ ;, 
  exactly . 
  sync a google doc to your pc ? 
  ( you already have it with drive installed ), 
  so even if you copied it , it would open the browser to open it . 
  windows mobile has no marketshare . 
  it would not make sense for google to spend resources on it . 
  not even a youtube app . 
  even less when wp is competing with android , which has ~ 80 % marketshare . 
  never gon na happen . 
  google is cloud . 
  pc is desktop . 
  the closest thing is syncmate . 
  which i tried then found no utility to it . 
  photos ? 
  i have google photos sync them up to the cloud and then back to the drive app on my laptop . 
  contacts ? 
  saved on your google account . 
  music ? 
  any appdata is already going to be saved to the cloud on android m. 
  it would only make sense if you wanted a phone with aosp . 
  no google apps for it . 
  in that case why would google develop a program that does not use its services ? 
  it also matters that with since google is all material , microsoft would n't allow them to release non ~ ~ metro ~ ~ modern apps . 
  a 3 % marketshare is not at all significative . 
  google makes them for ios because iphones are in the `` high end '' spectrum . 
  google probably makes money on 95 + % of that 13 % comparing to the 3 % of wp ; since it 's mainly used on developing markets which may not have internet access widely available . 
  also with a little more work when developing for iphone , it can be ported to the ipad , which google like 's it or not , it 's the most popular tablet on the world . 
  i would describe it as :, 
  do n't `` feel '' it . 
  it `` just works '' if you do . 
  excelente post amigo !, 
  yo actualmente estudio ingenieria en sistemas computacionales , tec de mty gdl . 
  un par de puntos :, 
  1 ) que son los ingenieros chairos ?
