  yes . 
  you must be new here , username checks that out . 
  there is no better reason . 
  oh dear lord ... why do some mexicans have to have ferrari-branded everything ? 
  i personally think it looks hideous . 
  looks good stubble . 
  i have that much in about 3 days tho . 
  pretty obvious , you can see them because you are logged in your account . 
  try in incognito and you will see nothing . 
  mi no speako italiano , what does he says ? 
  i know , i live there , remember when the barbie was captured ? 
  i lot of people went out to buy ralph lauren . 
  medics , devote years of studying just to save lives . 
  2 years ago ics was already out . 
  that looks absolutely delicious . 
  great list , have visited several and they are excellent . 
  ok , let me make a list and get the links . 
  edit :, 
  [ quesadillas el roger ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/quesadillas-el-roger/464159480293607 ), 
  [ hamburgueseria central ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/la-hamburgueser%c3%ada-central/245008118908156?rf=296196610425152 ), 
  [ tacos el ranchero ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/tacos-el-ranchero/181780088527431 ), 
  eyesight and i would like to be 10cm taller but other than that i 'm fine . 
  yeah , the difference is that here they kill people to make money . 
  i 'll wait for next part . 
  because ` murica tells to fuck the international metric system that every country , except 3 , uses . 
  spam . 
  my hair stylist is one of the things i have no problem paying any premium for . 
  totally nails it when i ask him something . 
  if you are gon na write it in english , write it fully in english . 
  * school, 
  * middle school, 
  from where is it ? 
  did you see the image ? 
  excellent example of blue pill . 
  yeah i remember it , was funny then , still is now . 
  1 - alto can be used referring to a person 's size , grande is more used to describe objects . 
  2 - yes it 's correct . 
  well , you can use iatkos for vm , or native vanilla osx with some kernel modifications and help from osx86 a la hackintosh . 
  download it and burn it to a dl dvd . 
  5 o 5.5 de mex . 
  the road is long , just keep your head up and be the best version of yourself . 
  it 's a nice feeling , you finds loads of free time . 
  place taken by guadalajara , 
  you know it . 
  seria austin no ? 
  blame niantic and their stupidly unachievable medals of portals . 
  : oooo en mty no manejan como pinches lentos ? 
  ** get away from kingston **, 
  hello there , i 'm a current rep of comcast too !, 
  cable support and billing too . 
  i assure you , i hate comcast more than the clients but it pays for my university ... so i 'm stuck here until grad . 
  well , since last month we got like 10 min on average of auto in . 
  working currently with comcast , seriously , if we want to sell a lob ( line of business , video , internet or phone ) we will give you our best possible price . 
  if you say something like `` my neighbor has the same plan and has more service/cheaper '' we will tell something like `` ohhh good for him , do you want the offer or not ? '', 
  or try like you say `` verizon has cheaper internet for speed '' well ... then go and buy verizon 's . 
  the only ones who have discounts are retention when you are trying to cancel and supervisors that have like 50 % more promos than we do . 
  it 's $ 8 since january . 
  all they care is money . 
  tech visits cost $ 50 yep , even for a small thing like the box is n't in the correct input or the box itself is n't working . 
  it 's the same when they push to sell , do you have family in latam ? 
  i can sell you phone with 300 free minutes * or do you have kids they sure will use the tv to watch educational programs !, 
  currently on same boat . 
  going to school and comcast pays for it . 
  i would say 30 %, 
  definitively , some nights i just want it to end and get so drunk to pass out . 
  yeah , it you have a dp on edp we can get you a tp promo for $ 10-20 less . . * for a year * then you will end up paying $ 30 more than previous . 
  every rep is different , some genuinely want to help , others will repeat the same until you get tired and shut up . 
  hmm interesting if your aht was high and made sales did they still bitch you about the tsr ? 
  scientific atlantas ... why did they fuck up almost weekly ? 
  it 's possible that you account is on `` pending order '' . 
  not `` fully '' opened since they are n't charging you . 
  if you have service great !, 
  do n't complain . 
  specially with retention . 
   2hour install guarante ? 
  yes it 's real , $ 20 credit if the tech gets late if you confirmed the visit via phone call , if you do n't anwer it the visit is automatically canceled and guarantee does n't apply . 
   do you , the reps laugh at people calling in who have serious legit problems or do reps feel bad because you ca n't help the customers ? 
  the only occasion i have thought of something funny was because of the customers ' names . 
  i always try to help out but sometimes our hands are really tied . 
   what happens when an install tech tries to get money on site for an install ? 
  tell him to fuck off , every install is charged on the bill . 
  i do n't hate customers , i hate the company . 
  i understand that it 's possible that comcast is the only thing available in your area and you are just trying to get a fair service . 
  that 's why i always try to help . 
  if there 's any problem with your internet try turning it off and on again or connect directly to the modem via ethernet . 
  if does n't work . 
  call . 
  do n't yell or be angry . 
  1 year and counting , pays my university . 
  you . '', 
  i want to crawl through the phone and kick him in the throat , but i ca n't , so i start to respond , `` is that how you really talk to people - '' and he hangs up . 
   so , for the next , oh , three or four months i would log in to his account on our diagnostics system and send random signals to reset it and clear any custom settings . 
  every night . 
  i also did some online research and found that he operated a liquor store near where i lived , where mice poop had been reported by several customers and they received similar treatment to what i 'd endured . 
  so i made sure that found it 's way to the inspection folks at the city , yelp , foursquare , google places , anywhere i could post it . 
  that 's a bit ... extreme . 
  the most i 've done was for 2 days to a woman in tx , bots to sas . 
  average exchange in a call is exactly like that right ? 
  it 's comcast but we attend the spanish customers . . maybe that matters . 
  after 6 months i can say it 's definitively better than my galaxy nexus .
