  thanks , 
  intenta con un vpn o cambiar el dns . 
  lol , are you new here ? 
  justo como dice / u/yeyo666, 
  a mi me interesa ver que te dice en los emails . 
  el poscas de / r/techoblanco, 
   one of them popped a tire of mine , so i went to get it replaced, 
  wut , why you just did n't patched it up ? 
  actually i do n't know who i hate more , fb or the government . 
  no , trp is a series of guidelines of how to be the best of you . 
  if you want a ltr o marriage ( which many here do n't like but some do ) you can get one . 
  this is not belief system that you have to follow exactly . 
  it gives you the ways to achieve your goals and make you happy . 
  if having a lot of sex makes you happy so be it . 
  if having successful career makes you happy so be it . 
  if having a wife and children makes you happy so be it . 
  that is trp which in imo you have n't fully understood . 
  'm commentin ', 
  that 's the look i strive for . 
  if i could grow a full beard . 
  youtube, 
  danger & play, 
  good looking loser, 
  return of kings, 
  twitter, 
  relevancia ? 
  tapatio encontrado . 
  well , it does n't necessarily needs to be shitty . 
  just like you said , i could run linux which makes it harder . 
  or you could get the beautiful chromebook pixel , in which running games in practically impossible . 
  tipo [ asi ] ( http://www.hairfinder.com/hairstyles9/ear-long-hairstyle-for-men-g.jpg ), 
  wow . 
  this year increased from $ 7 to $ 8 . 
  merida is cool . 
  ingress ftw, 
  descripcion grafica : gatas . 
  hahaha resistance ftw . 
  we know . 
  no but it has already been reposted several times . 
  caffeine  sugar, 
  i 'm currently torn between z3 and gn4 . 
  i ca n't decide because of the software . 
  if sony makes this it 's going to be an insta-buy . 
  lo acabo de revisar en la pagina y asi es . 
  agregalo al carrito y ponle calculate tax y algun codigo postal y te lo dice . 
  because you do n't clubbing expecting to bang someone in a tshirt and ripped jeans . 
  mi opinion en puntos :, 
  chiltepin ... delicioso . 
  you take notes on keep ? 
  i have alway seen it as a to do app . 
  woah , how it 's going to monitor non-existing things ? 
  that shows it 's still a speculation . 
  microsoft never changed the name , just went from 8 to 10 , the ones changing it were windows9hub.com and they could n't even get the name right . 
  microsoft never `` released/confirmed '' windows 9 . 
  if that website could not even get the right name for the os , why should i believe this `` report '' ? 
  no te roban ni te estafan . 
  you actually can . 
  it was done to many htc ones and i did it to my ( nearly stock ) moto g to go full stock . 
  it has something to do that the camera proprietary compression and other camera algorithms are in a partition with drm and that if you unlock the bootloader that partition is erased . 
  the rational male - rollo tomassi, 
  no mr nice guy - robert glover, 
  the way of the superior man - david deida, 
  the book of pook - pook, 
  how to win friends & influence people by dale carnegie, 
  models by mark manson, 
  the charisma myth by olivia cabane, 
  the power of now by eckhart tolle, 
  the 7 habits of highly successful people by stephen covey, 
  48 laws of power by robert greene, 
  mastery by robert greene, 
  anyways , gdl master race . 
  en merida . 
  chido tu cotorreo we . 
  hewlett and packard ? 
  haha, 
  say that to my samsung laptop running mavericks . 
  del de tu post . 
  que la promo sigue activa . 
  we could take ebola 's ass and put it in a taco and eat it . 
  cuervo is in da house bitches . 
  role : explorer, 
  pero si leyendolo mas a fondo si medio me describe . 
  enjoy your stay , 
  one thing i hate about people is a variation of that . 
  not knowing ? 
  no prob . 
  do you want to learn ? 
  i will be more than happy to teach you . 
  you refuse to learn just because you 're lazy ? 
  i will only help you once , then all the help you will get is google . 
  a no bueeeeeeeeeno . 
  i remember that story . 
  like a boss . 
  you got ta be spinnin ', 
  p.computer engineering master race !, 
  no pus lol . 
  we need pics, 
  ay guey , asi has de estar . 
  why you never seem to age ? 
  i like that oem are going back to android tablets , first htc now motorola .
