  tagged for chelas, 
  interesante !, 
  nas y vpn . 
  you know it . 
  only if it 's widely spoken or has a business niche . 
  que vergas ? 
  wow !, 
  sigues en m\u00e9xico o ya te regresaste a rusia ? 
  lo posteaste doble . 
  todo lo que sea de recursos naturales . 
  minas , petroleo , ambiental . 
  ingenierias obviamente . 
  fil : feria internacional de libro, 
  currently studying the same thing as you . 
  i was at a average university , went up to calc iii , then dropped out because i really do n't like the university . 
  began working for a full year . 
  now i 'm studying the same ( comp . 
  eng ) at the best engineering university in my country and i 'm struggling with calc i. 
  if you like coding and solving logical problems this is your carrer . 
  whether you 're good at math or not . 
  do n't give up . 
  you can do this . 
  twitter is trying to hard to be it 's competitors . 
  facebook bought instagram ? 
  better revoke preview on the timeline and roll our own . 
  twitter music ? 
  anyone ? 
  now that the vine acquisition did n't exploded in popularity , they are trying it directly on their own service . 
  you know what would be fucking great ? 
  that twitter removes its stupid 100,000 token limit on third party apps . 
  hello !, 
  i have not but actually i 'm more interested in visiting eastern europe than the west . 
  seems more `` traditional '' . 
  looking forward to it . 
  also they eat what it looks like a giant tortilla ? 
  no sabes de lo que te pierdes . 
  aliens pls . 
  el pinguin dando dating tips al tren ? 
  luzbel pls, 
  do they even reddit brah ? 
  see my karma gains . 
  tipico que los top 3 comments despues de los borrados son de los mods . 
  not suspicious at all . 
  * en la frontera . 
  that 's the cia job . 
  russia could expand it 's sphere of influence into eu if they for example provided financial aid to debt-laden greece . 
  the ones that i follow at twitter are : mike c. chris gll , victor p. rollo , roosh , christian m. robert greene . 
  el equivalente seria popcorn time pero ese solo esta disponible para computadoras y android . 
  en comparacion con paises de primer mundo que la mayoria si son formales . 
  me ganaste !, 
  en fin ,, 
  most of the countries have territorial divisions due to geographic terrain . 
  iirc only canada and us have divisions due to latitudes . 
  vas a invitar al gonza ? 
  a chingarle :d, 
  hahaha, 
  son tyson . 
  we need more tortilla . 
  la de the equalizer con denzel washington . 
  haha, 
  vladimir putin . 
  esta cool . 
  republica checalisco ( ? ), 
  master race, 
  they wo n't . 
  if they do , another app will come and do what waze is doing . 
  does it allow to block custom page elements ? 
  that 's one of the main reasons i use adblock . 
  no me digas que creer . 
  serious ? 
  se ve cool . 
  no penguin no !, 
  i like / r/spacedicks more . 
  i had a short sleeve polo yesterday . 
  one of the benefits of living in mexico . 
   use a paper and pen if you do n't want to transmit your personal info electronically . 
  or learn to use privacy/security tools like linux , tor and pgp . 
  somebody give this gentleman gold . 
  this phone is the corvette of the phones . 
  unbelivable deal for the price . 
  to be honest i liked it with kitkat more . 
  multitasking with lollipop is awful and there is n't xposed for it . 
  after a year and half , it 's one of the best phones i have bought . 
  i still ca n't decide what would be my next one , moto maxx , note 4 ( with cm12 ) or if hima surprises me . 
  would you say . . the question is . . * mindblowing * ? 
  while i congratulate you for this step in your life , i must remind you and everyone that it 's better to have a `` fuck you '' fund in case you wan na quit your job . 
  programmer ftw !, 
  saca las cortinas y el push up . 
  op will surely deliver the photos ... 
  3 fucking months and still google has n't fixed the memory leak ... 
  [ que tal estos ] ( http://go.dallasnews.com/media/img/photos/2011/03/22/thumbs/tacos_y_mass.jpg.728x520_q85.jpg ), 
  paisa tapatio !, 
  udacity , coursera , edx , codeacademy , codechef , youtube ... you get the idea . 
  ayynnn :( mi voz digital esta de la verga . 
  / u/sophiek7 i love you guise . 
  perfect example : dan bilzerian . 
  buy it unlocked gsm and also free of any crapware . 
  i totally read that in dom mazzetti 's voice, 
  interesting post . 
  it seems obvious that the prius would automatically label you as `` boring '' and `` beta '' .
