  i 'd suggest using an external recorder . 
  the zoom h1 ( $ 99 ) has an amazing recording quality . 
  and this way you have it if you need it in the future . 
  introduce her to reddit , the place where everyone is a karma whore . 
  i can get her a month of reddit gold if she accepts to post on / r/gonewild, 
  too bad they closed / r/jailbait ( im not saying she is . . ), 
  in fallout you could get raw meat . 
  that seems more realistic . 
  dude ... hahahahahhahahahahahahhaha, 
  there 's only one thing left to do ... grab a camera and film their reaction when you tell them . 
  monster cables . 
  sometimes reddit is n't the happy place we all know and love . . 
  with new space hydrogen ^ ^ tm technology that will boost its performance 25x over standard cables and it 's salt and dirt alloy will make a crisper image with a 10000000000000000 ^ 10 :1 contrast ratio . 
  he fapped to his sister 's underwear when he was 14 . 
  pitbull , he started in rap singing about social problems and poverty but then he switched to pop/comercial music because that 's where he could make money . 
  dont . 
  buy . 
  beats . 
  me incline mas al rock pasando por mana , luego soda stereo , moderatto , despues ya al hard rock en ingles , metallica , van halen , kiss , green day , etc. 
  ahora los principales que escucho son foo fighters , oasis , mcr , stone temple pilots , velvet revolver , rolling stones , red hot chili peppers , muse , paramore . 
  esa es mi historia musical . 
  well all the ` piracy ' seems more deserved now . 
  you sir , are the first to make me laugh in all day . 
  apps and games : internal since most dont take a lot of space . 
  media : sd where speed ( even c10 ) is n't that important . 
  mejor usa steam . 
  dam ... that 's bad and microsoft should feel bad . 
  battery having 2000 + mah, 
  non-pentile 720p would be amazing . 
  * the dam camera * i dont care it is still 5mpx or 8mpx as long as it takes badass photos like the iphone camera . 
  sd card , if not , minimum 32gb of storage . 
  nacho , this is happy nacho :d, 
  your dad is a douche , now how do you get along with him ? 
  1 - i do n't translate into english , i know how to speak english . 
  2-not only / r/mexico hates pri , everyone with a sufficiently inteligent mind doesnt like pri . 
  3 - never been to san diego . 
  the perfect would be something like :, 
  motorola radios and maxx 's battery ,, 
  samsung or htc 720p display ,, 
  sony camera ,, 
  asus build quality . 
  * specs :, 
  12mpx camera, 
  2mpx front facing, 
  3000mah battery, 
  4.65 720p super lcd, 
  sd card . 
  hdmi out . 
  you took photos with ... an ipod ... nano ... 
  * slowpoke *, 
  i saw it here on reddit a while ago ... they are extremely overpriced . 
  dont remember the exact price but it was something like this :, 
  buy it : $ 15,000, 
  build it yourself ~ $ 4000, 
  they all change when they smell their sister 's underwear . . 
  stop the spying/privacy shit and acta and sopa shit . 
  since almost their part in war here 's my two cents :, 
  ( note , i 'm mexican ), 
  i would have helped antonio l\u00f3pez de santa anna win the mexican american war , that would have changed the fact that nearly a 1/3 of current us territory would still be mexican territory . 
  since this was circa 1846 , the world war and modern world outcomes i think would be slightly different . 
  without texas , california , arizona and other states us didnt became a superpower ( or maybe in later years ) . 
  maybe the us would n't had overthrown hawaiian government and it 'd still be the republic of hawaii . 
  with that , the wwi would have stayed nearly the same but with wwii i 'd be a different story . 
  hitler raising to power , japan attacks pearl harbor ( republic or mexican territory ) , since it wasnt a us territory it had multiple outcomes :, 
  * us didnt enter wwii, 
  * it did , but only to help europeans , that means japan won over the pacific islands and maybe a good chunk of china . 
  * without the us troops ( same levels ) , hitler may have conquered poland with half of itlay and stopped there due to the russian threat . 
  mexico also might have sent more troops than the single batallion 201 to wwii but idk if we would have stayed neutral as well . 
  forward that in time , with the cold war in the horizon , us is notable less powerful than the ussr . 
  might have gone to war with cuba and russia . 
  mexican side , obviously we are a richer country , with levels of canada or similar but with same social issues . 
  top exporter of oil and gas ( mexican + texan oil and the other states ' oil ), 
  we would have around 1,500,000 sq mi of territory . 
  ( more than the arabian peninsula ), 
  development levels are similiar to that of brazil . 
  so how the other world powers developed ? 
  russia became the only superpower but still failed with communism so it took a depression while the us thrived ( on a smaller scale ) on the manufacturing and tech industry . 
  germany ( with polish and italian territory ) became very successful until the ussr failed then germany had a revolution and became democratic . 
  other european countries did n't lost land but were left severly hurt . 
  mexico still had it 's 1910 revolution to overthrow the diaz dictatorship , even though it took longer the recovery also came faster . 
  in summary :, 
  the superpowers of the world are, 
  japan ( with pacific islands and territory ), 
  russia ( with the biggest military ), 
  germany as european leader, 
  us as research and manufacturing . 
  the other first world countries . 
  china ( despite not being an economic force ), 
  brazil, 
  mexico, 
  european countries as of today . 
  this is a lot of speculation and all the info i have is not very deep , just what i know and remember from what i 've read and seen . 
  ** tl ; dr : us isnt the greatest superpower now . 
  * all for some justice ( ? ), 
  for my dear mexico ... *, 
  ( error 404 ), 
  here you go buddy ,, 
  save it on the res tag . 
  well my favourite school book is ` how to think logically ' but it is in english so ... 
  pics or didnt happen .
