  what 's the average pay ? 
  can i get a job in the fields as a summer-only job ? 
  if from mexico , do canada gives summer job visas for oil workers ? 
  but i learn fast and with a motivation of $ 30/h salary sure hell i 'll look at it next summer . 
  you reddit regularly ? 
  i got that too . . 
  a htc nexus 1x with the design of the 8x instead of the one x. 
  more industrial and refined . 
  ( for me ), 
  have you ever seen breaking bad ? 
  the twins are almost exactly like hitmans in mexico . 
  just that after they kill you they chop off your head or hang you from a bridge . 
  maybe like me ... a bad photoshop ... but no ... we saw that . 
  you may or may not have hurted people when you * stole more than 1000 pencils * . 
  * magic *, 
  proof ? 
  a velociraptor as a matter of fact . 
  in a tub ... on an rocket ... at the moon . 
  bleaching them , not with * actual bleach * , but that 's the process a dentist uses to get them incredibly white . 
  do n't know if stupid question or not but is there anyway possible to put braces behind teeth , like , making them almost invisible ? 
  edit : typo, 
  that 's like going to a car dealership and asking the salesman `` how does ford make so efficient engines ? '', 
  there 's a huge difference between selling and making . 
  first , use a vpn !, 
  then i read on torrentfreak i think that only .0012 % of those cases go to court . 
  i didnt say if it was us-only , worldwide or anywhere . 
  stop with this fucking weekly question already . 
  they cost more than regular braces ? 
  dudeeeee ... . them feels . 
  ( http://bit.ly/sgmuwp ), 
  join the spaniards in the ` paro ' . 
  nuclear fallout ... like fallout series !, 
  i 'm going to conquer the mojave ... 
  when a dude kept staring at me at the stop light i picked my nose and then waved to him . 
  inception . 
  the matrix . 
  you mean , los angeles , california , united states of america ? 
  ` murica !, 
  an ipad 64gb preloaded with all english wiki entries ( no pictures , ~ 5gb ) , a dictionary of every language and translator ; some 100 songs . 
  science books . 
  gun ( maybe an mp5 ) 2 boxes of rounds . 
  flashlight, 
  some combat/hiking boots, 
  dslr camera . 
  laptop . 
  solar charger . 
  gold coins ( universal currency , well maybe not in the aztec empire ... ), 
  you mean right now or in the future ? 
  future :, 
  my work is to repair computers . 
  when i was a kid a waiter did that for me . 
  went 2 blocks to buy me a coke . 
  it was awesome . 
  i 'm going to be that guy ... 
  zelda : ocarina of time . 
  also wind waker and halo are also good . 
  i 'm studying cs and my idea of failing in life is ending up repairing computers . 
  i dont think it is going to be and i dont want it to be . 
  last update messed it . 
  good thing i still had the 1.3 beta 6 apk on my phone . 
  just installed it over and everything back to normal . 
  download it yourself without the toolkit then flash . 
  not so hard really . 
  direct from google . 
  stock jelly bean for verizon nexus :, 
  ( the almost the last one ), 
  tl ; dr best hardware , not so cool software . 
  managed to get to the homepage . 
  click , it 's down . 
  back , it 's still down ... 
  did n't matter ; saw boobs . 
  * that will teach 'em *, 
  * slowpoke *, 
  came here to say that . 
  also good but a little different , the version with s&m orquestra . 
  that 's why we have a 6 % rate of solving crimes . 
  the rules of :, 
  1 - it ca n't be done . 
  2 - it will not be done . 
  will you go to dinner with me ? 
  you seem pretty nice . 
  learn to play . 
  seriously i took ` classes ' at age 13 or so and we would only learn to play songs . 
  very little technical knowledge . 
  i stoped playing about 3 or 4 years and then i only remembered some chords , scales and song parts . 
  if you really learn yo never forget . 
  awesome laurence !, 
  para pasarme lo del se ; or que no me interesa . 
  yup , once i had my phone ` suspended ' for 3 days at school and i bought some apps ( 10 billion sale i think ) and because of it my data plan used half my data without me actually using the phone . 
  yay !, 
  l337 t1m3 !, 
  around 3pm, 
  yup , compare it to the galaxy nexus and it is only a few mms off even though the gn has a 4.65 '' screen . 
  4 hours screen time . 
  ( currently ~ 2.5 in gn ), 
  mexican music at its finest . 
  we are this weirdly amazing !, 
  hahaha, 
  i wish i could give you more upvotes . 
  \u0ca5_\u0ca5 rofl you fell .
