  wait ... 
  i 'm not here ? 
  all this time while reading the story i thought this ... 
  1 - which is your favorite painting ? 
  2 - what motivated into starting this ? 
  3 - how does the karmanaut event ended and how do you feel about it ? 
  4 - anything not known that you might want to share with reddit ? 
  agghhh too much insanity wolf for today ... 
  for anyone wondering it was :, 
  put toothpick under toe nail . 
  kick the wall . 
  have seen it so many times but still it makes me laugh . 
  that is * crysis 3 *, 
  yeah , it 's going to be the last crytek big name game that is going to cost full price . 
  after that they will adopt the freemium model . 
  ( read it somewhere ), 
  having you dreams crushed like that . 
  * feels bad man *, 
  at the end of the curious case of benjamin button when he narrates the impact of everyone in his life . 
  tears were dropped . 
  ** tl ; dr : if you somehow live in a year prior 2010 , build 32b , if not 64b . 
  i need to call my friend that is an expert deal dealer about deal dealers to make you a deal about this hate deal . 
  dam it finrayy i had already tagged you as `` hot misty cosplayer '' . 
  meh , too lazy to take it off . 
  yes !, 
  i have been waiting for it since i moved from ios . 
  i thought development on it had been halted because the last update was from 2011 . 
  awesome !, 
  put jellybean on it or root and a custom rom . 
  well only tweetbot for twitter and reeder for rss feeds . 
  miss them so much . 
  do n't worry , kyle 's just got a little sand in his vagina . 
  haha everyone should use [ clipcube ] ( http://clipcube.wikispaces.com/ ) it 's a history of your clipboard !, 
  it has saved me many times . 
  tl ; dr lost boy chased by a spider . 
  tl ; dr i 'm god and decide what actions every single person in the house does . 
  this is the base and origin of piracy , if you ca n't get convinient quality service legally you are gon na go find it somewhere else . 
  balls of steel . 
  sap and blb . 
  it only works in korea . 
  quote from pulp fiction . 
  what, 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 i seewhat you did * there *, 
  this thread made me crank up at nearly 5am . 
  cheers !, 
  visita r/buildapc, 
  apparently some people are too lazy to do a google search nowdays . 
  suddenly i felt the need to enroll in some ruby classes . 
  engineer here . 
  if you are still around ( or reddit ) in around 4 years surely i 'll move to denver . 
  ( i 'm from mexico ), 
  un magnifico * touch\u00e9 * toma un upvote . 
  google translate huh ? 
  ( allergic to milk ) or intolerante a la lactosa ( lactose intolerant ) . 
  how about google play store ? 
  min . 
  is the se scene big in germany ? 
  i have n't heard a lot of it and germany is my favorite country alongside canada . 
  right in the childhood feels . 
  count me in too !, 
  no , pero solo esta disponible en usa . 
  as always . 
  `` freedompop does not provide wireless telecommunications services outside the united states , puerto rico and u.s virgin islands . '', 
  nuff said . 
  uggghhhh * vista . . *, 
  yes , only when the operator is gsm ( verizon , sprint are cdma ) but the gsm is the standard in almost all the world anyways . 
  google ecosystem , not being tied tied to apple and its fanboys , roms , galaxy nexus . 
  cool story bro . 
  that . . 
  i did not know . 
  1 - no son dominios oficiales ( que empresa multinacional usara gmail ? ), 
  can you share this powerpoint presentation ? 
  dont force close your eyes , just very smoothly . 
  focus on deep long breaths , * only * on that . 
  well i imagined the world a lot different . 
  mainly it was that almost all chile , argentina and brazil were unexplorated forests . 
  same goes to africa . 
  there were just animals minding their own business . 
  and that russia was a big piece of ice covered land . 
  and obviously , god . 
  aliens . 
  probably still diapers but walking on the garage trying to climb 2 steps of stairs . 
  each one was like half my body yo !, 
  [ dear diary ... ] ( http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/22225555.jpg ), 
  can help with spanish . 
  this gave me a feel , i wish there were more people like you . 
  phone app but maybe you need also dialer app to you know ... * dial * and if not switch to the contacts app , lem me explain this . 
  it is a very useful app that keeps a list of your friends ' phone numer . 
  crazy right ? 
  i could n't believe it . 
  it also sorts it by name . 
  * magical *, 
  because you clicked on it . 
  haha it 's super funny lol, 
  no , because america is a continent and not a country . 
  i hate fruit ninja since the last update . 
  free app with ads ? 
  fine no problem . 
  buying the paid version and then they later update it with `` rewards '' ( ads ! ) . 
  that 's called `` i dont give a fuck about the customer '' it seemed very eaish to me .
