  i am a founder and still at lv15 . 
  so basically 4 years and counting to lv16 . 
  i 've broken my cellphone 3 times so that was a couple of months of not playing . 
  some of the res players got to 16 like in a year but they were the ones playing till 2 almost every weekend . 
  now even some of them have stopped playing completely , they got bored . 
  relevancia con mexico ? 
   i have some apointments on thursday jueves y saturday sabatho, 
  write in either english or spanish , we know both , do n't mix them . 
  una biblioteca, 
  spam, 
  same boat here . 
  moto g -  moto x -  htc m8 -  s6 and now i think i 'm going to get a 6s, 
  ahhh mira que interesante, 
   niantic is still on top of their game, 
  i would n't say so . 
  / r/mendigoviews, 
  que vergas ? 
  fin . 
  al contrario de la creencia popular , no me llamo ignacio . 
  que ? 
  the company that has released 9 chatting apps in the last 10 years ? 
  what i have been hearing the last few years from people at google is that there is * a lot of bureaucracy * now . 
  that google no longer behaves like a startup and project managers prefer to work `` on the next big thing '' than to fix what 's existing already . 
  toma tu like, 
  * duo, 
  * talk, 
  * g + messenger, 
  * messenger ( now messages ), 
  * spaces, 
  * voice, 
  * buzz, 
  the battery on this thing is * insane * . 
  10 hour sot almost seems like a miracle . 
  reader hit me hard . 
  i agree with you , i now prefer to use a competing company 's service since google seems not to care anymore . 
  yup , if you buy one of the battery mods you could go 3-4 days without charging it . 
  today i had very light use , ( mostly working all day ) and the phone dropped only 17 % since 6:30 am . 
  ( 1 hour sot ), 
  bring guns !, 
  what ? 
  what part of mexico ? 
  i have n't heard anything from our national ( resistance ) chat . 
  # * another one *, 
  relevancia con mexico ? 
  reviviste foo !, 
  shales , living the dream . 
  ( isc ) . 
  damn . 
  productivity skills : +1000, 
  no , estan bastante dispersas . 
  huh ? 
  ahhh, 
  i understood your comment perfectly . 
  you viva, 
  da-mn . 
  40 horas por 1000 semanales . 
  ahhh, 
   it 's not as bright as my old m8 's display but it 's not that far off . 
  what ? 
  the m8 had shit brightness and you are telling me the 10 is even shittier ? 
  i dunno , last year i switched my m8 for a s6 . 
  the s6 got dimmer and also brighter . 
  i hated the m8 display because in sunlight it was unusable for me . 
  ez 8 hours sot when using it a lot . 
  9-10 when using it lightly . 
  it 's unreal is n't it ? 
  living without the `` i need to charge my phone '' on your mind . 
  i do n't like the camera . 
  too slow and sometimes has trouble focusing . 
  it they had used the fingerprint scanner like a pad on the g5 it would be a + but the phone has a big waste of space on the bottom . 
  telegram ftw . 
  no one in my country uses sms . 
  i actually come from a s6 ( flat ) and the only thing i miss is the camera but i trade that for 5x the battery . 
  barba master race . 
  la silla can confirm . 
  atunes master race . 
   ups/regulador, 
   monitor, 
  can confirm . 
  jajaja la ultima . 
  gdl master race, 
  you can only come here if you have swag, 
  living the dream . 
  puees gg, 
  relevancia con m\u00e9xico ? 
  por el momento no nos encontramos disponibles , intente m\u00e1s tarde . 
  relevancia a m\u00e9xico ? 
  no te cansas de promocionar tu canal de youtube ? 
  no te cansas de promocionar tu canal de youtube ? 
  no te cansas de promocionar tu canal de youtube ? 
  no te cansas de promocionar tu canal de youtube ? 
  can i be a mod ? 
  i want to add a css theme . 
  for that you would have to un-ban me first tho . 
  llevate tu facebook a / r/feisbuk, 
  disclaimer 2 : tampoco aplica para / r/blackfathers, 
  you win today . 
  you do n't talk about fight club . 
  he was the ceo when he said that , at the moment of when the mobile os wars was getting started . 
  in comparison , satya nadella has been the current ceo for 3 years , ballmer was for 14 years .
