  there a lot of conversational clubs actually , i think there is one for spanish for expats . 
  i will try to find the on meetup.com, 
  they are awesome !, 
  i like how you mix up nature with city life . 
  please do more . 
  * damn *, 
  pretty much because the s6 active has a built in case . 
  also overheats to the point of shutting everything down . 
  this is why i will never stop xposed/rom, 
  shuttle fan here also , i use it because it 's more material and much more consistent than gpm, 
  i uninstalled after 2 minutes of opening it . 
  my reaction : `` so ... it barely works . 
  goodbye '', 
  funny how you put a video from someone who nobody knows and only has 2 videos on his channel . 
  while everyone other reviewer says it overheats . 
  the s6 5min limit is a software limit by samsung . 
  here 's a better video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ekhjw_vncu, 
  espero que el de la esquina super feliz sea yo ... 
  ** fuck my life **, 
  you ... you know better than most people on the capital of mexico . 
  came in hoping jokes about the mudfestival , i 'm happy i was dissapointed . 
  oh , that explains it . 
  i use isyncr , which syncs wonderfully with ... itunes ^ ^ * do n't * ^ ^ * hate * ^ ^ * me *, 
  less features , more pretty . 
  i remember they basically screw us . 
  they offered like 50 % off so i ( and a lot of people ) went to buy it . 
  then 2 days later , google buys them and everything is free . 
  the rational male - rollo tomassi, 
  no mr nice guy - robert glover, 
  the way of the superior man - david deida, 
  the power of now - eckhart tolle, 
  48 laws of power - robert greene, 
  good . 
  the more they screw up , the more people will realize they are full of bullshit . 
  i have banned them from my reddit frontpage with res . 
  at this point they are even better than the verge . 
  like altima98 said , arstechnica for general stuff . 
  anandtech for mainly hardware news , wired for more `` cultural '' stuff . 
  those are the ones i read . 
   do you copy music onto your device , or do you stream ? 
  copy . 
  i do n't have a large data plan . 
   if you copy music onto your device , how are you getting the music onto it ? 
  usb and file copy or a sync app ? 
  i use isyncr , which can sync either with usb or wifi to itunes . 
  or if just want to copy music without it , i use a ftp server on the phone ( solid explorer ) and connect it to my laptop . 
   what music application / streaming service do you use ? 
  playback : i used to use shuttle player , but on a yesterday 's thread somebody mentioned blackplayer and i 'm using that now since it 's awesome !, 
  streaming : well , i like gpm since it has my music and i really used to like their listen now and curated playlists . 
  but with the new material design is a fucking waste of screen space . 
  also it does n't work offline in desktop . 
  i used to use spotify when it was only in europe ( so hipster , i know ) but i think before it was better . 
  it did not have all the stupid social stuff . 
  if they gave me an option to remove that and also reduce the visuals a little bit . 
  it would be awesome !, 
  right now i 'm just waiting for the podcast section to open up again to give it a try again . 
   are you happy with it ? 
  what are the pros and cons of it ? 
  err , look above . 
  that 's correct . 
  instead of the default folder for itunes library , move it to inside gdrive and it 's done . 
  hey , you might wan na try out blackplayer or phonograph . 
  i used shuttle but switched . 
  isyncr will work work with any player , from you pc to your phone . 
  syncing from phone to pc only with rocket tho :(, 
  google play music is a waster of screen space . 
  yeah , i like blackplayer more , phonograph i do n't understand their decision to put the now playing button on top . 
  and when you begin playing something it does n't open it . 
  jalisco campus party ? 
  se llama campus party mexico 6 . 
  lol joking, 
  vente !, 
  que ? 
  just like they said in got , `` all i ever wanted was the freedom to make my own mistakes '' . 
  -  res settings -  filters -  down to domain filters -  theverge.com `` everywhere '', 
  me too . 
  right now studying computer engineering but i have already worked as `` tech support '' . 
  do you know how is the scene on berlin ? 
  hahaha le dire !, 
  wow , fuelio is still around i remember they were one of the first holo apps too !, 
  awesome !, 
  nope . 
  cry me a river bro . 
  well , it 's going to be better than my 1st gen moto x. 
  let 's just hope it gets microsd or at least decent battery . 
  i agree wholeheartedly of this . 
  since i 've been lurking for over a year . 
  i still consider myself a newbie here . 
  trp sidebar theory gives you the frame of mind on how to pursue your own * true * interests . 
  as stated on the post , having a very logical mind may interfere with the application of said theory , but sometimes you have to say `` fuck it '' and apply it without understanding it fully since life is not always logical . 
  no amount of theory will help you if you do n't apply it and you also need to have the knowledge to be able to apply it . 
  any question or confrontation against an idea should be made as an argument . 
  explaining * why * you think it 's wrong , explaining how you would do it or how to fix it and how you came to that conclusion . 
  contributors should begin writing about their experience and what outcomes they have achieved in their own life . 
  after it has been apparent that that person has been fully swalllowed the pill , they should begin sharing more abstract theory information . 
  everyone who comes here without intention of ideas discussion , just * trolling * should be banned . 
  we have come a long way but the journey is still ongoing . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/happynacho, 
  good . 
  resign yourself at not having all your music stored .
