  current it help desk , moving up the chain , while studying my comp . 
  degree to work as a developer . 
  y yo recientemente me cambie al team mac . 
  lol no . 
  i got 1gb , after 1 day , the spotify app will automatically close on exit . 
  not cool . 
  it 's really bad . 
  more functional than pretty . 
  que se siente salir de extra en un video musical ? 
  que curioso . 
  mac !, 
  que es de 5 ', 
  a little bit . 
  now foreigners can own beach real state , whereas before it was in a certain way limited . 
  muffin pls, 
  i live in guadalajara , home of tequila . 
  so ... nearly everyone does . 
  just to comment , one of my weird life dreams is to open a mexican restaurant in europe . 
  do you think it would sell ? 
  hey que onda !, 
  como has estado ? 
  1 - mostly , barebones level , not using it . 
  2 - done . 
  3 - done . 
  4 - only with my closest friends . 
  5 - not an option really . 
  since tor browser blocks javascript by default . 
  which is in nearly all the web . 
  facebook . 
  i have a profile , but do n't share anything . 
  no photos , no statuses . 
  old profile pic . 
  just to message people . 
  i deleted fb app long ago , and even then i mostly used tinfoil for fb . 
  as with login , if it 's a temporary webpage i use a disposable email , if not i use google login or personal email . 
  never fb login . 
  hi there , rojo and me are the main ( or just active ) ones from mexico . 
  specific game tips . 
  well , since you are going to be in mexico city that 's the most liberal city in the country . 
  you can find all types of women . 
  from church goers to total sluts . 
  the good thing is that women here do n't have the entitlement level like us . 
  so expect the majority to be friendly , specially to a foreigner . 
  dafuq , go to attention whore somewhere else . 
   just remember too , eating spicy foods before you sleep can really fuck with your system and you 'll automatically notice that you require more sleep most the time ( when you ate spicy foods ) . 
  wow , never thought of that . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  so my habit of eating habaneros gave me my beard ? 
  will keep at it . 
  yeah , keep repeating the same since 2 years ago . 
  i see now more activity in my g + feed than the fb one . 
  what the fuck does google reader have to do with g + ? 
  they did n't killed reader to make you read news by following people , they killed it because a lot of rss services were using reader as a back bone and google did n't made a cent from reader as it contained no ads . 
  maybe could be that ... or like cos_2 said , a couple points i have implemented since i began my rp journey are also no sodas and more excercise . 
  that could be also it . 
  i 've been eating spicy sauces since i was 11 i think . 
  the irony ... 
   many short-haired , tattooed , pierced , fat women here . 
  tattoos are gaining a popularity lately , but only discrete ones . 
  being a fat woman here has always been a big turn off so they understand that . 
   i 've heard that university dorms do n't exist in mexico the way they do in the us . 
  that is correct . 
  very few universities have them ( mine does ) but they are very expensive . 
  you could get a regular aparment for the same price . 
  the main reason for this is that in mexico it 's rare that we go to another state to study our career . 
  so most of the people stay at home to save up rent/dorm money . 
   so i 'm worried that hooking up will be difficult logistically . 
  any tips on how to find somewhere to `` be alone '' with a girl here ? 
  motels are your friends . 
   also , any tips on where to go to find the more ... easy women here ? 
  depends , if you want and easy hottie or an easy 4 . 
  if you want a 4 really anywhere with the smv unbalance should be pretty easy , specially on poor areas . 
  if you want a hottie , they are rare , your best bet , hopping for the best , is go clubbing , have game and do n't be ugly . 
  the one that had extra features was whatsapp plus and it was banned and devs now killed the project . 
  i had a ban from using wa + , waited 24h , downloaded original , delete , install wa md. 
  working !, 
  we know . 
  also that thread was closed more than a year ago . 
  you are the ignorant one that does n't know how to behave in this sub . 
  las 2 unicas altcoins que valen la pena son litecoins y dogecoins . 
  por eso no han destronado al bitcoin . 
   theres is no `` latin america '' thing , is too huge , to many countries , too many different cultures . . 
  wut , there is more common ground in la than in europe . 
  mexico is both north america ( due to tectonic plates ) and latin america ( because it speaks a latin based language ) . 
  latin american countries have common ground because they share a common language ( except in brazil , like you said ) . 
  have similar cuisines from bordering countries , some similar traditions , religion ( most are catholic ) . 
  compare it to europe which basically each country is totally diferent from the next . 
  other language and dialects , traditions , lots of religions . 
   also explain to me why mexico is somewhat anexed to the whole central and south america , apart from `` north america '' . . what on earth would explain that ? 
  is there something like that in in europe for instance , like if they kicked out spain and italy but anexed the north of africa as part of europe ? 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to say here . 
   also dont forget that us has a huge mexican and mexican decendants community , while in places like my country , brazil , they would be in the thousands . . 
  so us is more mexicanized and therefore much more in common with mexico than any other country in `` latin america '' . 
  so , what does the us ' mexicans have anyhing to do with this ? 
  yes , geography is very relevant . 
  i was arguing with seumiyagi that he said that the concept of `` latin america '' is absurd . 
  since you could modify any theme , i made one that looked a cross between material and ios design guidelines . 
  `` flat '' blue style with material layout . 
  pretty nice . 
  however the main thing was having the hability to disable seen status and offline from your account but not from your contacts ' .
