  we have the mexican at&t ( telcel ) that is a national monopoly . 
  think 80 % domestic and mobile marketshare . 
  barely on december we are getting lte . 
  only on the 3 biggest cities and on certain neighborhoods . 
  shure i could have waited to travel to us in august to buy the gnex for $ 350 but those 3 months were worth it . 
  android is the best thing ever ... 
  i have google music . 
  ( registered with a proxy ) and use wallet as internet payments ( prefer it over paypal ) but without the nfc thingy . 
  ( minerva , arcos , catedrales , etc ), 
  tianguis del sol por unas deliciosas quesadillas fritas . 
  estadio omnilife . 
  came here to say that !, 
  $ 800 ( mas impuestos claro ) por 10gb . 
  loool si claro . 
  yes i have read the correct definition but whenever people hear about a 3rd world country they imagine some poor as fuck country . 
  exactly . 
  there are some countries with good overall development ( think brics and/or mexico ) but do n't quite yet arrive at the high standard of living like the us has . 
  i like other way . 
  i love the design of google now and google web apps . 
  if they could make an alternative theme of that to holo i would use it daily . 
  [ en ese caso ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/i_am_rich ), 
  crea un disco virtual . iso con imgburn y montalo con daemon tools . 
  una vez lei que hicieron una comparacion de compra de software entre mexico y usa . 
  you ca n't torrent a car !, 
  finds car torrent , aha !, 
  well aparently you ca n't . 
  me refiero a que si compre una cancion en itunes y decido cambiar a google play music usar el mismo ticket para validar mi musica ahi . 
  bad times . 
  apps de 3 pesos ? 
  apps de 13 pesos ? 
  tambien las steam summer sales . 
  estudiante de ing en sistemas computacionales , reddit , gamer y geek general . 
  no piratear es tu decision . 
  aun asi es tan facil como meterte a safari y a reddit.com, 
  put a condom on it . 
  first world problems, 
  at least they were n't inside the cumbox . 
  exactly 360 edges !, 
  did you liked the interview with daniel pots ( potasio ) in mexico ? 
  you have to be fucking shitting me ... \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  super interesante la nota . 
  the usual . 
  set up your profile . 
  make a first post . 
  look for interesting people . 
  googlers ( lots of them obviously ) ,, 
  photographers ( it is displacing flickr as the defacto photography network ), 
  and see if your friends are at it . 
  create content also , do n't just lurk . 
  posts , comments , reshares , etc. 
  if you want a newsletter by guy kawasaki former apple evangelist , now g + evan . 
  subscribe [ here ] ( http://alltop.us5.list-manage1.com/subscribe?u=d677d21bbe209861e1e84a693&amp;id=b41eb6eb5d ), 
  news about how google + is really growing and useful tips and articles . 
  tweet lanes + falcon widget ( with notifications ) = profit !, 
  read the sidebar, 
  if reddit did n't delivered me all the news i 'd be stuck in g + all day . 
  i think of it as the social network for intelligent people . 
  i doubt that happened with pinterest and tumblr . 
  did n't read the guide in the sidebar ? 
  please put solved in the title . 
  use sparks to search for communities . 
  ie ` android ' or google `` x ( actors , photographers , musicians , tech people ) in google + '', 
   telcel supplies data services in gprs , edge , 3g hspa and 3.5 g hspa +, 
   telcel launched its hspa + network in mexico city and other major mexican cities , by the end of 2011 . 
  by may 2012 , telcel 's hspa + network already covered most of the cities and roads in mexico, 
  with the addition of 4g lte telcel now offers a wide variety of technologies including : tdma , gsm , gprs , edge , umts , hsdpa , hspa + & lte . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/telcel, 
  no nos ven la cara . 
  total play solo esta disponible en el df . 
  por ser la capital del pais y tener estandares de vida comparables con los de usa . 
  it 's solved now . 
  how much did the suit cost ? 
  do you spit tea everytime you play them ? 
  mejor que hagan un mapa con los que ya estan disponibles . 
  i specially like the last one . 
  even though i do n't watch tv anymore i always seem to find time for 2-3 hour sessions of tf2 . 
  i would suggest german or french . 
  it 's awesome !, 
  i see what you did there . 
  stop . 
  there are already a gorillion reddit apps . 
  i uninstalled that crap . 
  it had like a 700mb cache and everytime i opened it , after 3-4 articles it crashes . 
  also it did background downloading . 
  better using flipboard for casual use of reader por power use . 
  best answer i have read here . 
  there is also picasa and google talk desktop clients . 
  i only use gtalk in the taskbar to see if i got new mail . 
  and picasa had some small updates to allow google + sharing but it definitively needs an overhaul . 
  nice , i 'll learn german in english . 
  they are not like a full aplication . 
  they are more like companion to the service . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  ie full play music app would let you play organize etc , instead of just uploading/downloading . 
  happynacho lol, 
  you mean windows rt ? 
  - picale !, 
  - son operadas . 
  ( chevrolet ), 
  done .
