  stupid post and shameless own blog promotion . 
  you must be new here ,, 
  if i got a us mail address i could order all the samples and stuff you see in this subreddit or if at least they shipped to mexico . 
  meanwhile , i will see if i can get an importer or something to order more stuff . 
  definitively will not go back to cartridges . 
  spam . 
  seems to sound better with my cheapo $ 15 headphones . 
  thanks . 
  a friend told me a he once met you at an airport , i think it was mexico city ( not sure ) and he told you ... hey i know you from somewhere ... and you told him , of course i 'm a famous actor . 
  he then told you `` ahh you are the guy from jackass !, 
  '' , and then you `` wtf of fucking course not !, 
  '' , and then he told me you bought him a beer and talked for some minutes before you had to leave . 
  is it true ? 
  taco with cheese ? 
  that are some stupid tex mex stuff , any real taco doesnt have cheese . 
  slowpoke, 
  segun yo pedro se traducia a peter . 
  well fuck me . 
  we have real sugar in mexico and it all tastes great but i think they have been changing the one in plastic . 
  cans and glass remain unaffected . 
  if i ever moved to another country for more than 1 month i 'd take a bag full of habanero sauce . 
  ca n't live without it . 
  from those two , mexico city . 
  from all mexican cities ? 
  guadalajara , perfect blend of traditional and modern . 
  disclosure : i have living-there bias . 
  we are not central america . 
  like a boss . 
  he means that the app justs sends the info you put on the server and the server sends back the answers and all the other info . 
  if the server stops sending the step by step the app wont show it . 
  doesnt matter which version of the app you have installed . 
  the gym is a excellent alternative . 
  i have fallen in love with it . 
  fuck post-rs livemocha, 
  can you explain ? 
  well he went from senator to president of the united states . 
  can you illustrate my username ? 
  i was absolutely sure it was gon na end in tree fiddy , was dissapointed but happy . 
  i do n't like white at all but yours looks sick !, 
  google translate for the rescue !, 
  we meet again , lem me make an apology post at whiteroof . 
  latter, 
  i started reading trp at 18 and now just turned 19 . 
  this is so true , i already started going to the gym , got a part time job , already made a lot of connections due to going to events in my area of interest , i have n't watched tv in 3 years and for vidya i 'm trying at / r/stopgaming, 
  i already feel like master of my life 's direction . 
  great insight , i must say it 's true . 
  fucking developers over and trying to be more fb-like has made it more boring for me . 
  this would make an interesting discussion , q&a from top posters from both subs . 
  grades . 
  do n't . 
  matter . 
  actually holasoygerman uses bots to increase views/subs there was a lot of drama between him and mexican youtubers . 
  i 'm on my phone but simply search `` holasoygerman bots '' , a youtuber discovered that in one of his videos that showed a google chrome screencap it had bookmarked 3 websites to buy likes/views . 
  after lot of people accused him he made a response that he had bookmarked them to `` investigate how do they work '' so he was simply a curious man and did n't used bots but everyone called bs . 
  i 'm not saying all are bots but they helped him get fame and therefore some real subscribers . 
  all i need is a desktop client for google music * or * an itunes app for android . 
  sucks to manage 2 libraries , mainly because of the playlists . 
  yes !, 
  caile a / r/mexico o con la banda desmadroza a / r/techoblanco, 
  ^ this is why we consider you a troll / u/antiis we are the 14th world economy by gdp and you expect us to do n't have some basic things like tampons ? 
  this ai n't some middle of nowhere . 
  slowpoke, 
  i do n't even ... who even comes up with these things ? 
  silk road . 
  link * for science *, 
  first step is going to the gym, 
  this looks so awesome !, 
  but i 'm a computer engineer and know nothing of concrete . 
  i do n't know what shitty apps you have but none of my nearly 200 does this . 
  dude that runs in high heels , i have seen you in several non-defaul subs , we may have similar tastes , except running . 
  / r/imgoingtohellforthis, 
  here you go :, 
  the storage limit is for full-size photos only . 
  ( original resolution ), 
  they are unlimited for 2048px or lower . 
  i think that if you run out of space they automatically reduce all further photos to 2mpx, 
  holy mother of hambre, 
  today is the day . 
  glory, 
  this is so ... 
  amazing !, 
  how could i have not know this before !, 
  i have spent the last 3 hours reading every.single.one.of.them . 
  since the beginning , almost made me cry of happiness . 
  if this was a book i would buy in a hearbeat . 
  well put , this goes to even the beginning of the interaction , like i 've read in a post here a while ago , you do n't ask for her phone number , which she may say no to , you give your phone and say `` type in your phone , i 'm calling you tonight '', 
  that works . 
  of course you need confidence and that shows that you can lead . 
  the irony ... it burns . 
  you like programming ? 
  try computer engineering , you like bussiness , lately i been liking it a little bit more , so i 'm thinking of a mba , that 's what i 'm planning to do . 
  this way you got engineering , coding and business skills what else do you want ? 
  but really , i would n't change engineering for anything . 
  if i did n't knew anything about mustang i 'd say that looks like a brand new car and stock photo . 
  yes , everyone wants to merge hangouts and voice but i 'd like first that they release it worldwide . 
  presumir que no es como la gente comun y corriente de / r/mexico, 
  / r/stopgaming, 
  nice , you made them op ? 
  i totally expected that because of the title . 
  my favorite is the red one .
