  if it had space for capacitive/physical buttons the size would be similar to the one x. 
  it 's because that bezel ... 
  tweet lanes . 
  holo , tweetmarker , supportive dev . 
  edit : tl does n't have push , dev 's working on it . 
  it 's awesome . 
  also , falcon for twitter in case for push notifications and its amazing widget . 
  first ama i get with a really famous person in under 10 min . 
  what inspired you to be part of the show ? 
  what do you do on your free time ? 
  would you rather fight one horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses ? 
  favorite movie ? 
  do you like cats ? 
  something you want to tell everyone in reddit ? 
  i like the standard wayfarers better . 
  i usually like mustangs more but that is a sick car !, 
  very retro-futuristic . 
  awesome !, 
  rumors point to a nexus based off a htc droid incredible x. . . but they are just rumors . 
  i came . 
  would you rather fight a horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses ? 
  pa if you got a note . 
  i prefer aokp over cm . 
  currently on cna , best of both ( aokp & cm ) worlds . 
  someone beat you . 
  it probably because the ` droid ' brand belongs to verizon , aka only the us , whereas samsung is all over the world . 
  kidnapping a vampire 's human daughter and raping her at gunpoint after escaping with some plasma granades . 
  if you are already root then flash a custom rom without bloatware, 
  it 's codename android , based on jelly bean . 
  leave a white screen for a couple hours to ` reset ' the display . 
  use titanium backup to uninstall it as a system app and root explorer to nuke it permanently from / system/apps /, 
  maybe now try leaving it off for 24 hours ? 
  starting language to an absolute n00b ? 
  dreaming is nice . 
  once a day at midnight . 
  willingness, 
  barney stinson has always the right answer . 
  yup , i have been talking to a guy in my algebra class for two weeks and i do n't even know his name . 
  i heard that of el chapo . . 
  i guess it 's an urban legend . 
  i read that with a high pitched scared voice . 
  nice . 
  nice clothes ... and nice nexus . 
  most people are ehem ... unintelligent enough to learn how to use a stock android properly and you want google !, 
  to teach them how to use such a powerful tool as tasker ? 
  keep dreaming . 
  yeah , it really an eye opener when you try ics or jb and realize the iphone is stuck on 2008 . 
  cant wait for the new nexi next month . 
  have you rooted and rom 'd it ? 
  awesine lockscreen . 
  mind sharing that wallpaper ? 
  actually , the rumors say there are going to be several . 
  you should subscribe to / r/android , 
  well , mexico city and monterrey are the only cities that does n't feel that mexican . 
  their quality of living and development are on par with world cities like berlin or toronto . 
  the rest of mexico is a lot less developed . 
  ( not that exceedingly but still ) . 
  it 's stupid to think she took a screenshot with her iphone in mexico . 
  omg , it is grown in mexico i need to get some . 
  buy a nexus 7 . 
  dont buy a tab 2 !, 
  they are crappy . 
  a lot . 
  10x worse than a siii . 
  read the android police review on it . 
  save the rest of the money maybe on the upcoming nexi or buy a lot of apps . 
  also there is the rumor of a 32gb n7 . 
  if asus released a transformer infinity with a qualcomm s4 pro it would be an insta-buy, 
  any tips on making a more adult room ? 
  i 'm currently in another city for collegue living with my aunt . 
  my `` room '' is the third floor but it has ehem ... 
  shelves of toys . 
   `` capucci-moka light descafeinado sin azucar , con crema batida y cerezas . 
  sin canela , con mucha espuma y de preferencia cocoa en polvo '', 
  it 's worse than the jolly ranchers ? 
  *** beware of this , it will remain on your brain forever . 
  *** you have been warned ***, 
  la de, 
  actores principales :, 
  angelica rivera como ` la gaviota ' . 
  make him do an ama . 
  en serio ? 
  `` mexico , el pais con mas pirateria de la oecd '', 
  only if it has emoji . 
  i was gon na ask ... but then i looked at your username and confirmed you are canadian . 
  joker = do it for the lulz . 
  camioneta bmw x5 . 
  heeeyy you are that fuckin shitty lava reposter . 
  i need more photos of that mpower mobo !, 
  yup , been using music since the beta , registered with a proxy . 
  wallet apk also ... daaamm i want voice soo much . 
  even if the extremely remote chance this was him , it would n't be awesome he could make all the things listed here ? 
  we can only recommend headphones that do n't play sound and connect via hdmi . 
  i was gon na buy an asus but then mp got released and it 's awesome . 
  seems like a crossover between the sabertooth and rampage series . 
  ninja edit : aqui esta [ link ] ( http://hazmeelchingadofavor.com/2012/01/10/viral-racismo/ ), 
  1gb free . 
  ~ 10gb musci, 
  ~ 3gb apps, 
  i am not a photographer but it pisses me off that people make such ignorant opinions thinking they are right .
