  aynn, 
  same here , the only thing `` optional '' was the ssd . 
  but after using a samsung laptop with shitty display and shitty battery life i decided a macbook would be my next one . 
  no regrets . 
  yes , it means channel . 
  if money is not a problem , razer blade . 
  coff coff, 
  err . . 
  big data is better data . 
  data is beautiful . 
  are you plannig to expand the countries that you ship to ? 
  here in mexico we would really like you . 
  dafuq is this piece of shit ? 
  omg :d, 
  although it slowly has gathered much of us culture , i 'm glad feminism still is n't here hard as in us . 
  for one i thank the ` macho ' culture we have , where men are supposed to be men and work for what they want . 
  like / u/rojoescarlata said , we may have a growing white knighting problem . 
  yeah , the songs are always putting women on a pedestal . 
  time to flash back stock to get lollipop . 
  anyone know if there 's root available ? 
  live wallpaper on galaxy nexus , how do you live on the 30 minute battery life ? 
  muzei is pretty good with extensions . 
  reddit es mas como para los power users  :d, 
  2 - click en / r/adviceanimals, 
  imagine when the z3 gets lollipop . 
  damn !, 
  this is what i do n't like . 
  why do n't google kept manufacturing the cheap n7 and made a truly premium larger tablet . 
  sure a lot of people would bitch aloud and compare it with the ipad ... while the rest of us that really wanted it would be buying it . 
  no , he did n't mean that . 
  `` the way he made me feel , one thing led to another . 
  he manipulated me , it was n't my fault ! '', 
  * control + f *, 
  i do n't have a `` folder '' per se but i have an evernote notebook for trp . 
  i can clip anything and it preserves the formatting and links . 
  it 's currently ~ 15 posts only . 
  the most recent is the `` chat work '' spam that gets in your face annoyingly . 
  yeah it 's good advice but depends on the case . 
  personally at 18 i went to an `` ok '' school but one i did n't wanted to go really , i dropped out because i lost my 25 % scholarship due to slacking off . 
  got a job , evaluated my life ( and found trp ) , one year later i 'm in the best engineering school of my country with a 60 % scholarship . 
  that year off school really helped me see what i wanted in life and that i got ta work to get it . 
  as a fellow programmer , i will check stallman 's essays . 
  personally , i 'm a big proponent of open source ( but support also paid sw ) and i align more with google 's philosophy . 
  sure , they data mine the hell out of you but i see it as a way of founding their goals , which are making the world a better place ( in contrast with apple and ms which care more about money ) . 
   pirate bay ( rip :'( ), 
  lol , [ here you go , tpb ] ( http://thepiratebay.cr/ ), 
  the rumors say the z4 will be like that . 
  so ... if sony releases a z4 gpe would you buy it ? 
  i love torrents , it 's the perfect example that if it 's once uploaded , can never be erased . 
  ingress . 
  yes !, 
  i 'm stuck with todoist after trying tasks , wunderlist , rtm , astrid , and more . 
  op is probably retarded ( or just a slowpoke ) since telegram has had a desktop client nearly since the beginning . 
  currently there . 
  fml but it pays university . 
   sistemas, 
  ftfy, 
  y de casualidad no estas adentro de what.cd tambien ? 
  que ? 
  you got me op . 
  when hangouts was gtalk it was open as it was using xmpp , since the change to ho it changed to closed . 
  a mi secret santa le mande el libro de steve jobs . 
  whenever you defy the status quo you will be met with criticism . 
  look at some of examples or askreddit or twoxx , they clearly show trp knowledge but without our lingo since they perceive us as `` woman haters '' since they are too far plugged into the system . 
  most helpful :, 
  * your body is a machine like your brain , you need to keep making it work or will stagnate and you will suffer . 
  * the actions of today will determine tomorrow , start working now to see the results you want today . 
  * life is a game , trp shows how to play it but most people do n't like losing . 
  regret not understanding earlier :, 
  * being nice wo n't get you anywhere . 
  this is one of my fears , of which why i do n't use all in one google services . 
  a wrong account termination would erase a lot of info . 
  that 's why i got a blog on wordpress , listen music on spotify , keep stuff at spideroak , and moved my yt channel to a `` page '' . 
  sure i love google but sometimes they have very bad communication tools . 
  hey !, 
  masomenos evitar el `` bible belt '', 
  technical support associate . 
  robert rodriguez o antonio banderas . 
  visit / r/wicked _ edge for more information . 
  magnificent beard !, 
  lookin sharp . 
  last minute reservation on one of the most turistic cities of mexico on nye is n't a good idea . 
  like angeltc said , your best luck is to check out airbnb . 
  erased after 12 hours . 
  yeah , my university 's ( itesm ) one is one of the best . 
  pretty good city for any kind of tourists and expats . 
  since they made voc matter again in the igp and qa do n't i do n't give a single fuck about qa and s4 . 
  i get around 30 points but 100 in voc so fuck them . 
  that 's one of the problems , we have to `` negotiate '' credits even if it 's completely comcast fault for a wrong charge . 
  in 2014 they went from having $ 7 modems to $ 10 one for the same shit . 
  and now dtas are n't free , first they were $ 2 and now $ 3 , ( even though i put them free using the b1 codes ) . 
  fuck this shit . 
  same here , fucking comcast but pays for university . 
  well , i 'm outsourced to mexico , they pay us $ 2.5 the hour , so a 40 hour week would give you little less than $ 100 . 
  can i also participate ? 
  comcast tech support here too !!, 
  it sucks really , if anyone wants to get some freebies on your account , pm your account number ( west area only ), 
  did you call from a cellphone or your home number ? 
  nope . 
  money , it 's always the money .
