  www.compartodepa.com.mx ( if you want roomies ), 
  www.segundamano.com.mx ( craigslist basically ), 
  tremenda chaqueta mental . 
  ni\u00f1o rata detected . 
  fox !, 
  spam, 
  ~ crickets ~, 
  i have a mac and i never have had any issues with it . 
  spam, 
  / r/mexicorants, 
  acabo de ver stranger things , solo por el hype . 
  * mr robot, 
  * game of thrones, 
  * house of cards, 
  and you are posting it here because ... ? 
  do n't forget that on top of that there will be another bezel for the onscreen buttons . 
  nos confundes con / r/android y / r/apple, 
  use a saw and some duck tape . 
  i got a friend who got it a couple hours ago, 
  mi instagram : v, 
  search for swipe . 
  another wrapper for the mobile site and it has messages . 
  ( and the dev is awesome and posts here ), 
  te invito a postear en / r/guadalajara , 
  a ver si eso pronto cambia , stay tuned !, 
  i do n't even ... 
  spam, 
  and here i am , with my s6 and it 's august security patch . 
  well i just got an s6 is it 's awesome !, 
  better in almost every aspect than my past m8 . 
  ( audio is worse ), 
  august , s6 . 
  does n't really bother , but it 's funny poke my friend that swears by motorola being faster with updates and he is on march security patch . 
  ve a tu plaza de la tecnologia mas cercana . 
  celebrar que ? 
  66196 santa catarina , n.l. 
  mexico, 
  1 ) no seas feo, 
  you do n't talk about the red pill . 
  i am a high energy traitor, 
  we ca n't be stumped !, 
  buuuurn, 
  i think that if keep improving like this . 
  i might switch to it . 
  good things ( besides specs improvements ) :, 
  * waterproofing, 
  bad things :, 
  * no headphone jack, 
  things that would make me buy an iphone . 
  * quick charging / wireless charging, 
  * most customizability, 
  i mean i could give up filesystem access , and the headphone jack if they opened the os just a bit more . 
  lately they improved it with being able to delete stock unused apps ( apple bloatware ) and seems they are also improving the notifications and widgets . 
  and i do n't even want to change the app icons , just to not be stuck in a fucking 4x5 grid . 
  not to be an apple apologist but this post is stupid . 
  you got several data wrong . 
  lol, 
  / u/astderek is da real mvp, 
  what a shit article . 
  consulado americano . 
  kek, 
  el a10 fusion es quad core . 
  con su propia implementaci\u00f3n de 2 +2 en big.little . 
  pero si , todos en / r/android estan super jelly y ya enfadados que qualcomm no se pone las pilas . 
  si abrieran m\u00e1s a customization ios . 
  si consider\u00eda un iphone . 
  chris lacy ( dev ) has stated he does n't do promos and the current price seems fair to him . 
  i might give al another try before buying it . 
  i 've a nova user forever ( since ics ) . 
  i used lucky patcher to get al pro a few months back , toyed with for a couple min and then uninstalled . 
  if i like it now , i 'll buy it . 
  poniendo una navbar de ice cream sandwich en ios . 
  noobs ... 
  it 's awesome . 
  for some reason right after installing my app drawer went completely black , but after a reboot it 's fully working and it 's beautiful . 
  i heard the oneplus 5 is going to be the real flagship killer this time . 
  i would stick with samsung or an iphone 7 +, 
  tried it since yesterday and it seems very similar with outlook . 
  does n't really convince me . 
  that photoshop looks shitty . 
  that is my opinion . 
  relevancia con mexico ? 
  .  facebook, 
  nos confundiste con facebook, 
  relevancia con mexico ? 
  ... what !, 
  3 times was tops . 
  that was like a week ago . 
  relevancia con m\u00e9xico ? 
  / r/mexicorants, 
  shitposting to the max . 
  interesante . 
  nova launcher , feels i 'm stealing from them , i paid 10c and have been using it for over 3 years . 
  i bought it to support the dev . 
  / r/terapiamexico, 
  ponle una veladora a la virgen . 
  such a stupid question . 
  do you honestly think we are going to read this shit post ? 
  ahh orale ... 
  he could also ... you know . . order it on the internet .
