  dreading . 
  think about this way , it 's just temporary . 
  do n't get comcast . 
  nope . 
  1 - acsr, 
  2 - idk, 
  3 - because many `` noob '' hires were scheduling unnecessary trs and they were , `` well , we are gon na make them harder to schedule trs '' . 
  4 - yeah , it 's mostly einstein now . 
  5 - no , we ca n't save any info from our workstations . 
  they offer to lure them in . 
  it 's easier for bussiness to get new customers and harder to make them leave . 
  not so much being outsourced comrade !, 
  if you call from your home number one of the `` activation '' signals is basically a modem reset , which cuts the call , and without that signal we ca n't activate or schedule a tech if does n't work . 
  err , for bussiness accounts i ca n't help . 
  if you have cable yes , if not it 's not even remotely possible . 
  average handle time : 9:10 min, 
  hold per call : 30 seg . 
  sales percentaje 2 %, 
  talk directly to retention department . 
  `` i ca n't afford to pay this , too expensive '' i think the most they can lower is around 20 $ of discount or if they have promos for your current services it can be more . 
  it pays . 
  afaik vip accounts are business and bulk residential accounts like department complexes . 
  because monopoly that 's why . 
  maybe i can help . 
  1 - they do n't give a fuck about customers because they are a monopoly . 
  2 - they call it s4 . 
  greet , solve , sell , close . 
  3 - yeah , in the retention department they have metrics for agents to keep customers . 
  that 's why there are times when it 's impossible to cancel . 
  you just have to call to add it to your account . 
  we will need the serial number and the mac address and that 's it . 
  yeah , that can work , unless some spanish csr will transfer back to the menu . 
  i usually hand them over to bussiness acounts . 
  what 's is your problem ? 
  if you are on cable only you would get 100mbps or little less , for full speed you need to get a fiber install . 
  possible proof ? 
  i do n't have more since i do n't take their shitty merchandise . 
  if you are from west region , california , oregon , washingon , texas , colorado , arizona , pm me your account number and i 'll see what i can do . 
  dont install facebook !, 
  two words : twitter music . 
  they are like tacos basically , it 's just on mexico city . 
  everywhere else in the country quesadillas by definition include cheese . 
  cuesta $ 999 al mes , which is not bad . 
  google takeout, 
  wtf ? 
  valentina on tacos ? 
  valentina is n't really a `` tacos '' salsa , it 's mainly used for chips . 
  1 - carl cox . 
  damn, 
  i mourned the death of google reader . 
  in my opinion , for most casual users twitter feeds or flipboard are enough to deter the use of rss . 
  ^ ^ filthy ^ ^ casuals, 
  for power users there is nothing like it . 
  now i use if with feedly as a backend service and reeder on mac and press on my phone . 
  works great !, 
  i think it would be better that it encompass ages 15-25 . 
  after 25 you are definitively a full grown adult . 
  it 's found where i care , in my phone . 
  flash gpe image , check again , update ready . 
  when i had my galaxy nexus aokp was king . 
  now on my g it 's pure stock . 
  i 'll buy it as soon as it 's out to secure my token . 
  1 - htc one m8, 
  2 - sony z3c, 
  a combination between click ui , minimal ui and pop ui . 
  i really kxnt icons . 
  yeah , i always thought that one of the stupidest ideas from twitter , limit token usage . 
  that 's what actually made them popular on mobile . 
  for one i 'm glad they have not killed tweetdeck or i would have stopped using their service . 
  mods !, 
  comcast on ces `` those calls ? 
  they were so last year '' . 
  call the fcc and complain , calling their customer service phone line wont do anything . 
  tapatio confirmed, 
  i think `` diversity '' just for the sake of it is very stupid . 
  esta cool . 
   why not bring some quality dank ? 
  seriously weed here is shit and by buying you are directly contributing to the violence , that money goes to the cartels man . 
  unless op is from colorado or washington , buying there also helps the cartels . 
  anyways * roleen el album *, 
  if that is n't a big red flag i do n't know what is . 
  the number 1 rule if your main income is digital is back that shit up . 
  you need an online backup as well as an off site backup . 
  imagine if this were a writer whose wife just erased the transcript of a book he was gon na publish . 
  all the work thrown away . 
  en serio ? 
  * facebook * ? 
  get some exercise that will make you sleep earlier and therefore , wake up earlier . 
  at first i though `` wow , ieee is a scumbag '' then i read your comment and i stand corrected . 
  thanks . 
  source ? 
  plot twist : es un gtr . 
  he does n't have a car . 
  just the keychain . 
  never . 
  that version does n't exist . 
  that 's pretty damn obvious . 
  you are a pirate : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibh4g_ua5es, 
  i have lost the number of times a 13yo has fucked my mom after i kill him in an online game . 
  yuo are giving me hopes .
