  es neta ? 
  that moment when your mpg is higher than my 2008 small 4 cil sedan . 
  fml, 
  you could move to germany , but not as a lawyer . 
  you will need to re study law but there . 
  all hail best korea !, 
  would you rather fight a horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses ? 
  matte black, 
  a bottle of water . 
  que creo que la cancelaron despues de 1 temporada . 
   las instalaciones son agradables, 
  hecf !, 
  this . 
   la biblioteca, 
  this is my rant about uag . 
  / end, 
  yes , with the sixaxis app . 
  linkme : sixaxis controller, 
  in which city ? 
  i know at least 2 cumbres schools in cities that are 800km apart . 
  be literally on our faces ? 
  sony made the first chicklet style keyboards on vaios and microsoft the flat ui with the zune . 
  where are your apple gods now ? 
  if you mean the music , go to google music and click on the `` download '', 
  if you want all at once , your best bet is with windows using their manager app and click download all . 
  he will understand what we say just not all the street slang . 
  you could try using wine with the manager app for windows . 
  i dont know if it will work tho . 
  i 'm hungry now . 
  it 's like saying someone coming from south africa must be ~ ~ a nigger ~ ~ black . 
  there are all kinds of people . 
  mexican it 's just a nationality of a country of more than 100 million people . 
  we are just messing with you . 
  * and a true scholar *, 
  can confirm tapatio . 
  source : vivo en guadalajara ( y yo no digo ocupo ), 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  i 've been here too long . 
  nope . 
  la regla no. 1 de / r/polandball es no hablar de poland ball !, 
  ] ( http://forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/attachment.php?attachmentid=994012&amp;d=1403437595 ), 
  you can stream free ... your own uploaded music . 
  the spotify desktop client is a uses a lot of resources due to all the included webapps , seriously idgaf about top lists , songkick , artists pages , etc. 
  if they had an option to remove all the bloat and use only music it would be better . 
  on monday i start university at the no . 
  1 of my country . 
  if i 'm going to use a browser i might as well use gmusic . 
  and that is exactly the point . 
  it 's awesome . 
  hasta las privadas en mexico salen mas baratas que las publicas de usa . 
  aparte de que ni es mexico esto es un shameless self promotion . 
  2 - shameless self promotion, 
  no homo right ? 
  sounds legit . 
  pewdro pls, 
  do n't stick your dick in crazy . 
  if you do , delete facebook , hit the gym , get a lawyer . 
  mods please ... 
  call center . 
  we are not `` permitted '' , but sometimes we still do it anyways because customers like op 's, 
  waiv ? 
  that 's ... new and interesting . 
  that 's not a lot of tequila . 
  me zorry , no spiko americano . 
  * high five *, 
  estaria interesante encontrarte en otras partes de reddit . 
  3 horas de on screen time suena dentro de lo normal . 
  galaxy nexus . 
  that 's amazing . 
  somewhere ... there must be a video of a gopro above a claymore going off . 
  sorry we no hablamos pocho aqu\u00ed , or english o espa\u00f1ol . 
  you should 've had accepted my work 's work offer . 
  hecf !, 
  tacos . 
  well i do n't know in mty but in gdl it 's the second best , the best one is tata consulting 's one , however that pays more but is zero flexible and full time . 
  mine is perfect for a student like me . 
  ya regresamos al drama ? 
  thanks a lot for this . 
  los albumes miticos de tb y mx, 
  that show is the perfect example of `` alpha fucks , beta bucks '', 
  correction , * the browser on your computer * becomes laggy . 
  they ca n't directly affect each other . 
  i do n't really how to feel about that . 
  trato de bajarle al refresco y chocolates . 
  el helicoptero de fondo me recordo black hawk down . 
  * this is my rifle there are many like this but this one is mine * . 
  fmj esta excelente ( como todas las de kubrick ) pero zero dark thirty no la he visto . 
  the popcorn of this story is all over the internet . 
  youtube , reddit , twitter , 4chan , blogs , tumblr . 
  i only hope the people censoring everything get punished , and zoey well ... she 's a fat piece of shit , what else can i ask for ? 
  i have one exactly like that . 
  nice !, 
  ftfy, 
  bitcoin, 
  8am and boom insta-boner . 
  ftfy, 
  i would rather like her to make movies instead of music . 
  nuff said . 
  `` by the power of truth , i , while living , have conquered the universe '', 
  wait 10 years .
