  i got one question tho , what would be the case in a sportier car ? 
  for example a camaro , ( i 'm more a mustang guy ), 
  while it is n't boring , it also does n't scream money !, 
  like a bmw or mbenz . 
  what would a girl pick ? 
  truck or sportscar ? 
  igual que poncho , al filipina de azul . 
  i have nearly unsubscribed from all default subs . 
  i think the biggest ones i 'm subbed to are / r/worldnews ( which clearly shows bias sometimes ) / r/android and / r/malefashionadvice . 
  trp helped me see the agenda they 're pushing everywhere . 
  i liked the moto a lot more !, 
  looking great . 
  really ? 
  try harder brah, 
  i do n't like being tracked . 
  i mean that for example , in brazil and mexico you can buy the turbo labeled as `` moto maxx '' and it does n't have any carrier shit . 
  just the 3 or 4 apps motorola uses to enhace android like connect , active display , etc. 
  yes , it 's very good . 
  really kickstarts your day and prevents from going back for 5 more minutes . 
  happy cakeday frutzi !, 
  yay ... 
  hahahahahahaha, 
  vere el queue de / new y te doy un upvote . 
  te apuntas al table con / u/mihde y / u/thefox51 ? 
  arre !, 
  esta es la que te digo : https://es-la.facebook.com/pages/barbierattoo/487772181315766, 
  me interesa , me avisas que onda . 
  anyways esto era casi igual , lo encontre en internetz . 
  for fucks sake . 
  meanwhile os x still has office 2011 . 
  at least with that you 're confident it will work the way you want it to . 
  you 're the real mvp . 
  interesante . 
  es calculo 1,2 o 3 ? 
  hahaha, 
  pizza o hamburguesa ? 
  como * abridor * compulsivo de links de reddit , cuando legue a este dije `` que vergas ? 
  err ... 
  * no homo *, 
  fuga !, 
  this nigga knows his shit . 
  1 - tsss, 
  3-huhh ... 
  would this be avoidable if you had an open-source like dd-wrt ? 
  they could never replace the people who program them . 
  unless we develop advanced high-level artificial intelligence . 
  awesome , thanks for sharing . 
  i would love to hear it . 
  since i do n't live in the us i find this fascinating . 
  knock knock, 
  we love to party , spend time outside and with family , and we have beautiful women . 
  when you first install it , it 's very smooth , after a while it becomes sluggish and runs out of ram due to the memory leak . 
  yesterday i flashed back kitkat . 
  mine did . 
  since dec i think, 
  and mexico . 
  i been using a moto g since my gn was stolen . 
  i must say motorola has gotten back in it 's game and has made pretty solid phones . 
  i do n't miss anything from the nexus line . 
  specially the less than average batteries . 
  probably my next will be a moto maxx with it 's massive 3900mah battery . 
  that or a m9 . 
  lg has been stepping up it 's game a lot too . 
  gpe . 
  this is why i 'm now wary of every non-core google service . 
  tree fiddy !, 
  g + o /, 
  ayyynn :( (, 
  bitcoins . 
  lavado de bitcoins !, 
  swiftkey . 
  engineers are always welcomed . 
  i have been using it since it was released . 
  i like it a lot !, 
  already erased adblock . 
  # #orgullo #nacional #mexipower #vasquezsounds #instacool #food, 
  bitch please , hma is thw * worst * vpn . 
  i only have problem when they are using different file formats . 
  imagine a linux user sends a . tar.bz2 archieve to a windows user that does n't know how to open it . 
  or a mac user sends a . pages document to linux which does n't have a way to open it . 
  imo it would be a lot better if there was an open standard to every format ; that way the os battle would be irrelevant . 
  i know , you can also export to pdf , but users will be users . 
  i do n't even ... 
  i seem to notice a pattern . 
  some presidents become apologists and say we need to do the right things , right after they are no longer presidents . 
  how convenient of them . 
  google has the ability to do many things . 
  many of them , simple ones . 
  why do n't they do them ? 
  fucks know why . 
  i began using ddg and now using startpage ( ixquick ) . 
  only use google search for * very * specific searches . 
  like on certain sites and news type . 
  and of course with web history disabled . 
  modiodal ? 
  are you from mx mate ? 
  i think that was clinton , it was here a few days ago . 
  how do i retweet in reddit ? 
  so a habits app ? 
  kudos for the material design .
