  i agree that we need a european border control . 
  a real agency , reporting to the eu-parliament / commission or something . 
  with own personnel and equipment and of course a budget to pay for all that . 
  was just curious about this minor point , thank you . 
  your main comment was really informative . 
  our media sometimes treats this law as if you just declared martial law or something . 
  newest i 've seen is [ this ] ( http://www.forschungsgruppe.de/aktuelles/politbarometer/ ) . 
  it 's from september 11th , so from ages ago as fast as things are happening right now . 
  it was done just after the now famous decision to accept the refugees from hungary and not use the dublin agreement . 
  it says , roughly : two thirds of germans agree with the decision to let the refugees in , only a minority expects refugees being shared evenly . 
   i do n't think that they are actual refugees from the war in syria and iraq , but just economic refugees who thought it would be a good idea to come to germany , since the standard of living is higher there it 's both . 
  there are the syrians who lost everything in that war and want to start a new life somewhere else . 
  of course they are trying to do it where they think their future will be best . 
  some might choose a country because of the welfare , sure , but others because they already know people there or already speak the language ( that 's mostly the reason for those trying get to the uk ) . 
  or because they heard good things about that place ( other than `` free money '' ) . 
  thing is , their country is such an utter mess that most of them might not think about just needing a safe place for the next year or two until they can return home . 
  they are thinking about a new life , a place to raise their children , to have a perspective again . 
  honestly , i ca n't blame them . 
  and then there are others who either claim to be syrian or just follow the big trek currently happening . 
  they got their own reasons , too . 
  some have a war at home or a horrible regime and are genuinely afraid for their lives or the future of their kids . 
  some just want the newest iphone and a bmw . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to generalize this huge number of people currently trying to get to europe . 
  i 'll buy some langos and p\u00e1linka right away !, 
  ever tried buying a ticket at keleti ? 
  shit takes ages and drives a grown man insane , even without a refugee crises . 
   no road fees for authority vehicles they are usually not exempt ? 
   we need a european solution for this problem . 
  you ca n't just leave our member states at the border to take care of this . 
  as long as frontex has to literally beg for some new people or boats , it wo n't change . 
  they are massivly underfunded . 
  and then of course there 's the problem of not having a real plan about what to do with all the people they fish out of the water . 
  should n't an accepted asylum seeker be entered into a european database , so he ca n't apply again in another country ? 
  so they check for fingerprints in germany , for example , and see he 's already been accepted to hungary ? 
  the problem is that 's she 's very , very good in inner-party politics . 
  she eliminated everyone who could pose a danger to her inside her own party , the whole `` second row '' . 
  so there 's really no one promising left to replace her . 
  and the spd ( currently coalition party and traditionally the other german party to provide chancellors ) kind of destroyed themselves and are currently polling somewhere around 20 % . 
  also , she 's still amazingly popular , always in the top spots of approval ratings accross all parties . 
  there 's a reason they call her teflon-merkel , no problems seem to stick . 
  so ... we 're stuck . 
  it 's also a typical merkel-solution : deal with the problem at hand , be very silent about the grand scheme of things or bigger plans . 
  let lowly ministers take the heat if necessary , they can be replaced . 
  no vision , no big plan . 
  same way she handled the greek situation couple of months ago . 
  she mishandled that completely . 
  she could have just said `` to ease the burden of austria and hungary , we will process all these people currently here . 
  just for now . 
  limited offer . '', 
  or something that would n't have been twisted so easily . 
  really , it 's a great city . 
  try the baths !, 
  reminds me of berlin ... 
   i hope you are talking about the outter borders here . 
  absolutely . 
  also something to get arrested for . 
  agreed . 
  we desperately need a thorough plan . 
  everything from border control , to the handling of asylum seekers , to the benefits accepted refugees recieve and what to do with them , to aid for third countries and all that stuff . 
  by my humble estimations , based on the speed of unified eu decisions in the past , a first draft for that will be discussed in about 2072 . 
  hell , after the first euphoric months people in the west were not even delighted to have east germans here . 
  and we even speak the same language . 
  mostly . 
  the thing we need to discuss , as europe : where do we want to draw the line ? 
  there a lots of conflicts happening around the world . 
  and lots of other valid reasons to leave the shithole you live in . 
  yes , we should help to the best of our abilities . 
  however , it 's illusional to take in everybody who would deserve it in the long run . 
  so , where do we want to position us , morally and practically ? 
  this will not be an easy discussion . 
  merkel rarely has a long term plan for anything . 
  oh no i did n't mean that - sorry if it came across like that . 
  i do n't see any racism in criticizing islam , i just wanted to share an anekdote about other , equally misguided people . 
  should have worded that better , my bad . 
  it 's time to confront all religious fanatics . 
  in it 's extreme form , it 's really a disease of the mind . 
  there are some christian nutjobs protesting right in front of my house , almost every day ( except when it rains ) , with signs of dead fetuses and bothering all girls who happen to walk by . 
  just because they 're not brown does n't make them sane . 
   she even set a number of 800,000 . 
  she did n't , that was an estimate by the ministry . 
  also , none of the points she said wer wrong per se . 
  however , that point is moot . 
  i guess all that counts is the percieved message , and she handled that more than poorly . 
  in a world where a message becomes a rumor that arrives on smartphones accross the world in a matter of minutes , you should really be more careful on how you communicate . 
  and she still does n't really get that . 
  as she said not so long ago ( and was mocked to death for in germany ) `` the internet is unknown territory for all of us '' . 
  except that this cuspert clown never migrated anywhere . 
  born and raised in germany , even had a german mother . 
  there 's a difference between trying to understand motivation and agreeing with it . 
  well since the right wing narrative here just changed from `` romanians are all thieves that want to steal our jobs ! '', 
  to `` muslim migrants are evil '' , you might be lucky !, 
  did n't you guys just invest a shit load into state of the art border protection ? 
  quite unfair to net let you join schengen quickly . 
  well that is if schengen is even a thing anymore . 
  damn , i always thought you had a kinda nice country down there . 
  i see how that 's a problem then , thank you . 
  should n't romania be on the inside of the fence ? 
   after they threw their water / breads away well yes , that 's kind of the point of hunger strike , is n't it ? 
  i read the signs as `` we wo n't eat / drink until you open the border '' , not as `` we do n't have food !, 
  open the border ! '',
