  or ganging up on someone just minding his own business . 
  you know , these places in budapest still look very much like in the picture . 
  good thing communism was too poor to tear them down and just let them rot , so they could be rebuild easily . 
  same thing happened in eastern germany . 
  we destroyed an awful lot of nice buildings in the west after the war , just because they were n't `` modern '' . 
  do n't worry , he really does n't do much . 
  i think it 's a good idea and hope at least something will come from it . 
  the thing is - at least here in germany ( and i guess it might be the same in other countries ) - the parties advertise completely with their own names without even mentioning the european equivalents . 
  which makes them faceless and unknown . 
  also merkel was supposed to be there . 
  let 's fulfil their wish . 
  massive force . 
  and be prepared to stay 100 years . 
  pigs is a really unfortunate acronym . 
  i 'd love it if packages had an additional english label in all eu states . 
  unfortunately , manufacturers mostly label by region , making it very hard to actually read some labels when in eastern europe , for example . 
  they are still multilingual , but omit english . 
  someone in the industry once told me that was on purpose to make it harder to re-import products ( because they 're usually sold a bit cheaper in ee ) . 
  it 's still anoying as a costumer . 
  as an interim until the next regular election ? 
  i doubt it will come to this , but if he would still be able to do it . 
  and give the cdu some time to come up with a new , younger candidate . 
  hungary is quite nice , actually . 
  but as you said - a matter of personal taste . 
  and also a joke . 
  using that definition , i herby declare france unsafe . 
  thing is ... if you spend the money inside your own country , it 's directly beneficial to your own economy . 
  it does n't just vaporize . 
  but why ? 
  a belgian can legally stay in the netherlands as long as he/she wants ? 
  there are two articles that may never be changed ( the only way would be to get a new constitution alltogether ) : art 1 ( human dignity ) and art 20 ( basically the democratic order of the state ) . 
  the rest is fair game with a 2/3 majority . 
  asylum is article 16a . 
  as far as i know , nothing out of the ordinary . 
  just your normal amount of fights and stupid drunken behaviour by germans and tourists alike . 
  for me , personally , the problem is that the only visible parties voicing concerns are the far right and pegida nutjobs . 
  this is an issue , as i find it very hard to agree with them on anything , also they take their retoric way too far and have opinions in other areas i strongly disagree with . 
  so in a way , the nationalists make it harder to have a more nuanced and sane discussion . 
  it seems to be changing a bit , though . 
  in the first couple of weeks , the media went all out on `` refugees welcome '' , even the usually conservative and populist part . 
  this is no longer the case , reporting is far more balanced now and different politicians are voicing different opinions . 
  personally , i 'm kinda in the middle . 
  my humanitarian side wants to help , my rational side knows that it might be impossible to help everyone and that we need some kind of order to all this madness . 
  maybe we could meet somewhere between `` deport everybody and shoot on sight at the border '' and `` everybody come to germany ! '' . 
  that would be nice . 
  i do n't think any arab demanded these signs to be in arabic ... 
  i get why it 's a sensitive topic for poland and i agree . 
  to be honest , without that discussion here i would n't even have recognized that while reading the article . 
  from school to media , there is no doubt here that these were german camps , that the german army attacked poland unprovoked and did horrible things , etc. 
  so it did n't even cross my mind that this would be a sensitive phrase as i automatically interpreted it as `` a kz in what is today poland '' . 
  hey i agree that it 's unaccaptable and should n't happen . 
  i just think that it 's not necessarily with a bad intention on part of the writer . 
  noone in their right mind here thinks these camps were actually polish . 
  `` german camps '' would be okay , i guess , for international media . 
  but i ca n't see that for german media . 
  not because they try to shift the blame , but because they want to transport the message that these camps are in an area which is now poland . 
  so ... `` the german kz in auschwitz ( today poland ) '' would work , i guess , but mostly they would go with `` the kz in auschwitz ( today poland ) - because everybody knows who 's camp it was . 
  but seeing that there were only a hand full of these mistakes ( and most of them apologized for it ) compared to the sheer number of articles in the same time span , most of the media seem to get it right . 
  thank you . 
  while these numbers are rather small , i agree that exposure to the mistake can only do good . 
  i took a look at some of the german examples and would put them under `` lazy writing '' more than trying to shift the blame . 
  `` polish camp '' is shorter than `` a german nazi-camp on occupied polish territory '' . 
  well , obviously not everyone there is a nazi . 
  as / u/blackblob said above , there is a little bit of a problem . 
  pegida is an odd mixture , really . 
  there are the normal people who feel helpless , afraid and left alone by the politicians . 
  there are nazis . 
  there are weird people like that turkish guy who expressed sadness that the kzs were currently out of business ( pegida even distanced themselves from him after lots of uproar . 
  at the rallye , most of them cheered for him however ) . 
  there are even the weird chemtrail-truthers and `` the german empire never fell , we live in a lie ! '', 
  people . 
  as i said , an odd mixture . 
  let 's forget about the obvious nazis and the weird people . 
  take the normal guys , that just want to express their disapproval with the government . 
  where do they go ? 
  there 's not really a mainstream party openly sharing their concerns right now . 
  so they follow the populists ... 
  political discussion is changing , though . 
  it 's not all rosy anymore , markel is facing severe opposition within her own party and especially her sister party ( which only exists in and rules the state of bavaria - they 've always been more right than merkel 's cdu . ) . 
  there are now discussions about transit zones for keeping refugees , sending denied asylum seekers home faster etc. 
   is pegida really that consumed with hatred ? 
  i thought they were mainly normal people who were concerned with migration , and had balls enough to show it in public ? 
  maybe it started out like that ( and that 's what they still claim to be ) , however they went full on retard some time ago and are attracting lots of neo nazis ( and i 'm not using this as a blanket term for `` someone i do n't agree with in a political discourse '' ) . 
  the atmosphere is also poisoned ... 
  it 's almost impossible now to have any kind of conversations with them . 
  i have never heard anyone refer to them as `` polish death camps '' . 
  where is that coming from ? 
  curious how that will work out with a common digital market ... maybe an option for eu citizens to buy a subscription ? 
  i can see them not wanting to give it away for free , however i do n't like being locked out ... 
  what does xenophilia have to do with that ? 
  why the hell ca n't we just take all that money for this insanely stupid idea and do something more useful ... like , i do n't know , send people and equipment to greece and slowenia ? 
  just an idea . 
  maybe a naive one . 
  make it a washington dc type of thing for the eu ? 
  maybe we could send some border guards then ? 
  better to help greece than standing around in freilassing . 
  yeah , building fences inside of schengen is madness . 
  also maybe give frontex a budget that 's more than that of a medium sized village and the proper framework to operate . 
  then agree on a fair policy for immigration and asylum for the whole of eu . 
  because just building a fence might bring order , but it ca n't be the whole solution .
