  that being said : still ridiculous for refugees to deny aid . 
  could you expand a bit on that please ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  to be fair , `` high quality '' would be stretching it . 
  also 35 % of all german muslims seems like a ridiculous number , but what do i know ... 
  of course i get it , they want to go to the destination they chose , they are looking for a brighter future and maybe even already have friends or family here the want to meet up with . 
  but a hunger strike is ridiculous . 
  they are not exactly being held forcefully in inhumane conditions . 
  is asylum in serbia really that bad ? 
   when did you last get personally affected by asylum seekers ? 
  well living in munich close to the main station with a girlfriend that 's currently trying to get from budapest to munich ... quite a lot , actually . 
  just relax , you seem to be taking this whole reddit thing far too seriously . 
  as you said , life goes on . 
  / r/worldnews really has a fair share of twats , though . 
  dude , i do n't know about a danger at the border , but it certainly poses a danger to your sanity . 
  it 's not that i 'm afraid ... it 's just that the article lacks any substance and basically just repeats what this nut job said . 
  like he sent out a press release or something . 
  i think he does n't deserve the free publicity , especially for a message to his self procaimed warriors . 
  how quaint . 
  never had to pay extra in austria , though . 
  well i 'm sure i did with the gas price , but it was never a separate item on the bill . 
  oh one addition : if you see something like e10 , that 's super95 with a higher ethanol percentage . 
  your rental car can take it no problem and it 's usually cheaper than super95 , if available . 
  also for diesel , they sometimes advertise something like `` premium diesel '' or `` performace diesel '' or whatever . 
  it just costs more , ignore it . 
  there are some in austria and hungary !, 
  you can ignore them however if you choose to do it yourself . 
  after you get over the awkward feeling it 's quite nice to go shopping / to the toilet / whatever while someone takes care of it . 
  he means that a gas station employee has to fill you up , you are not allowed to touch the pump yourself . 
  seems to be the law in oregon . 
  regular 92 is discontinued in most countries , just ignore it . 
  super 95 is the one you 're looking for , almost all cars with a gasoline engine take this stuff . 
  premium 98 is the high octane one - if your car needs it , they will tell you . 
  but you 'd have to rent a porsche or something for that . 
  lpg is gas ... as in the airy stuff . 
  i 'm lacking translation here . 
  you know , like oxygen . 
  there are special engines for that , a bit rare and most certainly not in rental cars . 
  maybe a french redditor can chime in about pumping your own gas , but i have never been anywhere where it was not allowed . 
  maybe that is something that should n't be reported ? 
  they agreed to meet again . 
  in october . 
  yeah . 
  there are summers in finland ? 
  hungary is sending 15000 personell to guard a 100 mile fence . 
  that 's 150 people per mile . 
  good luck with a wirecutter , they 're serious . 
  seems like they closed it earlier . 
  well he must have picked it up from somewhere . 
  why does he need to call for it in an interview ? 
  he 's vice chancellor and head of the second coalition party in the government . 
  just write a check , no need to go begging first . 
  it 's honestly not that much money in the grand scheme of things . 
   he did n't have helmet either . 
  you must be german . 
  in case of the greek islands , this place would be turkey . 
  hardly a death sentence . 
  however , there 's another problem : too many islands , some within view of turkey - you ca n't possibly stop everyone in time . 
  too close , too many people . 
  then it might be a good middle ground ? 
  that seems shockingly reasonable . 
  you know , even if germany believes by heart to do the right thing , it 's time to accept that a lot of countries view this differently and maybe move towards them . 
  if germany always tries to push its views unto the others , we can forget the whole eu thing . 
  even if there was an agreement to a ) create a eu army and b ) to actually use it to invade syria ( two very big ifs , i ca n't even imagine the discussions in germany about actually getting boots on the ground in another country ) , it might take quite a while . 
  with the current refugee rate , syria will be an empty pile of rubble by then . 
  good idea for the future , but maybe not the reaction we need urgently . 
  yeah , that 's a problem . 
  even if you would do it by buying power equivalent . 
  and i sincerely hope the eu have some people cleverer than me who can figure something out . 
  but the way it is now , it 's pure chaos and unsustainable . 
  yes , that was stupid and maybe because she still does n't understand how the internet works in this day and age . 
  however , the refugees germany took did n't just appear out of nowhere , they were already in hungary or greece or somewhere in between . 
  and it 's not really a new thing , just the extent of it . 
  we were looking away from italy and greece for a long time while boats arrived daily . 
  that 's why i mean we need a plan . 
  and it should include non-schengen countries like croatia , who lack the ressources by themselves . 
  to keep it fair that should also be a europe-wide harmonization about who will be granted asylum , what to do with that do n't get it , benefits and procedures so the quota system wo n't be a cynic lottery ( `` oh you ended up in denmark , now your family ca n't come '' , `` oh you 're going to sweden , we have a winner here ! '', 
  etc ) . 
  the sad part is : good luck agreeing on that . 
  and then dealing with the local constitutional courts . 
  and public opinion . 
  that 's why we need a damn european plan . 
  maybe a central agency with a budget that takes care of the stuff . 
  unfortunately , most countries do n't want to make refugees a eu thing . 
  what 's a better alternative ? 
  leaving them all in hungary or greece ? 
  unfortunately no source , sorry . 
  it 's what i read into all the announcements by our ministers and the reports coming from the border . 
  for example they took all the refugees off the train headed for munich and will provide a special refugee train bound for somewhere else . 
  then there 's some outrage on twitter ( #oktoberfestung ) because our bavarian gouvernor said that munich should n't handle refuggees and oktoberfest at the same time . 
  it 's not the only reason though . 
  they also want to check for passports , maybe sent refugees without papers back , catch some smugglers etc etc. 
   i 'm still confused about this - surely border controls only gain you a few hours at most and that 's if they 're very inefficient ? 
  no , the point seems to be to process them at the border and send them on to different cities in germany , thus taking the pressure off munich . 
  rest of europe : we are so sorry . 
  i 'm honestly at the point where i think an old school colony would n't be that bad . 
  i mean , it ca n't really get any worse for syria . 
  you know , i kind of understand you . 
  if austria would rename itself bavaria , i 'd be pissed too . 
  nothing against the austrians , really lovely country , but it just would n't be right .
