  also , as far as i can tell by the reports , the german controls are not directly at the border but a bit inside german territory . 
  the refugees are then processed right there instead of letting them travel unchecked through the country . 
  translation : vice chancellor sigmar gabriel expects up to 1 million refugees in germany . 
  `` a lot indicates that we wo n't have 800.000 refugees , as forecast by the federal ministry of the interior , but a million '' , he writes in a letter to party members , according to ( news agency ) dpa . 
  well okay then , but if we learned anything from the past that means better be prepared for a very long and thourough occupation and rebuilding . 
  i 'm talking decades . 
  maybe it 's time to establish europe in the middle east ? 
  i 'm usually against wars , but this whole situation is fucked . 
  but if someone decides to enter the fray they better expect to stay a long , long time in syria . 
  donald , is that you ? 
   we need to build militarized border between africa and europe erm ... there 's a little lake there . 
  not alone . 
  but how about a damn eu-wide plan ? 
  secure the borders , agree on how many and who to let in , how we handle those , what to do with the others etc. 
  a quota should be part of that plan , but it 's not a stand alone solution . 
  it was n't a threat as in `` someone called and said there was a bomb '' . 
  a police dog trained in explosives detection thought he smelled something funny , so the police decided to evacuate . 
  are you high ? 
  also : sunday . 
  i have no idea where this is going ... 
  even if they do n't manage to cross , all this will create is a make-shift camp at the border , horrible press and angry austrians . 
  it 's not exactly a sustainable solution . 
  according to spiegel all german federal police have been called in , they also think about sending the army ( which would operate fully under command of the police as help ) . 
  they wo n't just put two people at the autobahn and call it a day . 
  i think they were sent there after arriving in munich . 
  the new plan was to route the train from salzburg directly to somewhere else , without stopping in munich . 
  now that they seem to be closing the border , i do n't have a clue what the plan seems to be . 
  thanks . 
  damn . 
  nothing about that in german media . 
  but what 's being discussed for some days is routing the refugees past munich ( which is at max capacity ) to other german cities . 
  i agree . 
  what 's desperately missing is a plan . 
  forget the people already here , they can stay i think germany could handle to do that alone . 
  but there really needs to be an agreement on how to move forward . 
  what do we , as a union , do with refugees at our borders ? 
  how do we handle legal and illegal immigration ? 
  how do we secure our borders ( dublin agreement is a joke that gives the responsiblity to the poorer nations ) ? 
  and how do we deal with the causes of all that ? 
  how do we deal with human rights vs the needs and feelings of our own people ? 
  these are not easy questions . 
  far from it . 
  but they have to be adressed in a unified matter . 
  otherwise you get the chaos that 's currently happening . 
  you just had one !, 
  let 's talk about that after the uk / eu referendum , ok ? 
  if the uk leaves and you really want to stay , that might be reason enough for another one . 
   the threats were of sanctions and withholding eu funds from poland . 
  yes , that 's the point i 'm trying to make . 
  there were several threads about this video in the last days and they all made it sound like schulz was about to deploy the army . 
  now about threats of sanctions etc. 
  you find that unaccaptable and that 's okay . 
  i do n't think it 's the right thing to do either . 
  we should somehow work this out together , not going at each others throats . 
  however , it 's not like the other side of the political spectrum is more self restrained . 
  everyone is threatening , speaking in absolutes and creating an us vs them atmosphere in the eu . 
  that 's what i find unaccaptable . 
  everybody should tone it down a notch and work on actual solutions . 
  that being said - it 's not unheard of in political discussions to threaten your opponent . 
  happens quite often , even in germany ( if you do n't agree on x we 'll block y. 
  also , you 're literally hitler / a communist / ruining this country / bla bla bla ) . 
  at least it used to be like that before we had a big coalition government in germany who can just do whatever the fuck they want without any major opposition . 
  i 'm still curious how that rumour gained traction in what seems to me polish media only . 
  you know , he said no such thing . 
  he got lost in some convoluted sentence ( sort of his trademark ) speaking about how the federalists should defend their believes and not give in to ultra-nationalists . 
  that whole thing started because someone decided to translate the german `` kampf '' with `` battle '' and giving it a military aspect , which is ludicrous in that case . 
  also it was part of a tv show where they were talking about eu-aid , so if anything the `` force '' he mentioned might have been ( i 'm speculating here ) renegotiating some funding if the nationalists do n't play ball . 
  that 's the worst you could take away from that . 
  to give you some perspective from our side : it 's a complete non story in germany . 
  if it was n't for reddit i might not even have known about this interview . 
  and believe me - a german politician threatening war ( to a fellow eu state and poland of all places ) would be major headline news and his career would be over in an instant . 
  let 's not get hysterical , ok ? 
  we got enough problems to solve as is , without being angry about each other for made up reasons . 
  oh i 'm all for it . 
  that being said it would be quite challenging without a body who is actually of capable of doing something with this army without having all member states discussing the issue to death , threatening one another , trying to leave etc. 
  or let 's say france wants to intervene in mali or something and romania does n't like that . 
  who decides ? 
  and when romanian soldiers then die in this mission ( if it happens ) , can we manage the fallout ? 
  i 'm all for more integration , but who would control this army ? 
  the eu-parliament ? 
  looking at the handling of the current crises , this might not go over well with some member states when shit 's getting real . 
   assad may be a tyrannical dictator , but removing him would create a power vacuum similar to iraq and libya , and radicals would take over . 
  maybe we should take over ? 
  some good old fashioned colonialism ? 
  we were a little late to the party last time round . 
   she werner is a guy . 
  funnyly enough what 's strained right now in munich is not beds but busses ( according to local paper tz ) . 
  they ca n't find enough busses and drivers to bring all the refugees to their locations , so some have to walk a bit . 
  if ( and that 's a huge if ) the eu would federalize , it might make sense to give independence to all these regions that want it ( catalonia , scotland , hell maybe even bavaria ;-) ) . 
  so the prosperous future in unity , as you said , but under a bigger roof . 
  every capacity is limited , sure , we can agree on that . 
  and it 's a bit unsettling that noone seems to have a fucking plan or be able to agree on anything . 
  also , the atmosphere is borderline hysterical ( from both sides ) . 
  i 'm very much not happy with the situation as it is and i fear there are no really good answers , only bad and worse . 
  that being said : forcing people to take refugees in their private homes ? 
  not going to happen . 
  even the suggestion would be political suicide and insane . 
  why should this happen ? 
  like ... ever ? 
  well ok , it 's your right to think it 's unacceptable .
