  but believe me it 's not violent . 
  look the guy up , he 's a federalist at heart , social democrat and head of the eu parliament . 
  you might not agree with his views , but he 's not exactly hitler . 
  are you serious ? 
  `` battle '' is the wrong translation . 
  he 's quite obviously talking about political fights , not tanks . 
  not clear form this interview . 
  i interpret it as using every trick in the book available , just as i imagine his opponents will . 
  when two sides strongly believe to be right , it tends to get a bit dirty . 
  `` we 'll cut your money ! '', 
  - `` we 'll leave and close our borders ! '', 
  threats ? 
  he said that the people who believe in a european community should fight the ultra nationalists . 
  not giving in to your political opponent is not really a threat . 
  it 's not like he would like to bomb everyone who disagrees or something . 
  it might sound very german but would it hurt to bring some order to this chaos ? 
  this is completely separate of the whole `` all welcome '' / `` everyone out '' discussion . 
  just geht some order to the people who are obviously already here . 
  sorry to hear that , that sucks . 
  i know this route quite welk , driven there a lot of times myself . 
  good luck to you !, 
  do they really have to walk on the motorway ? 
  there 's plenty of space right next to it . 
  this is getting silly . 
  noone said that . 
  if you 're interested , i was curious myself and just looked up the context in this tv show . 
  right before this very short interview there 's a segment about how eastern europe recieves , and i quote `` 55 percent of all eu aid , but only 16 percent of refugees '' . 
  then the lead in to the interview is `` martin schulz demands to fight against national egoism '' . 
  so ... well ... 
  i do n't know what his views are on the `` all are welcome policy '' as you say . 
  from this segment alone the message is more `` we 're all in this together '' and `` fight ultra nationalists '' . 
   he 's advocating a bit more strict political stance , basically saying they need to stand by their believes instead of looking for a compromise , even if it gets ugly . 
  or something . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  it 's martin schulz ffs , a slightly left federalist . 
  not exactly a man who would call for war . 
  relax , martin schulz is not an anschluss-type of guy . 
  let my try to translate as well as i can manage . 
  `` what we need is a europe of common spirit , and this has to assert itself powerfully if necessary . 
  they who say we can not solve global problems in the global 21st century with nationalism , and i 'm one of those people ... have to prevail against the others ( meaning the nationalists here ) , in a fight if necessary '' he is certainly not talking about anything military . 
  or even specifically other countries for that matter . 
  he 's talking about ideologies and ideas - his views a pro-european social democrat guy against nationalistic views of others . 
  now when he says `` kampf '' ( and struggle seams to be the better translation here ) , i 'm pretty sure he 's not even remotely thinking about war or anything stupid like that . 
  it 's about resolve in negotiations , as far as i can tell . 
  if this site really just suggested that a german social democrat , head of the european parliament , called for military action against another european state ... well . . 
  i 'd look for other sources of information in the future if i were you ;-), 
  what makes you think he 's abusive ? 
  is that so surprising ? 
  your country 's beautiful !, 
  in front of an austrian train with a real madrid backback , while his father 's carrying a german aldi bag . 
  oh come on ... imagine for a second war breaks out where you are . 
  you 're living a rather nice live , but then the shooting starts . 
  you grab some stuff ( maybe your favourite jacket , your phone ) and get the fuck out of there . 
  because you die if you stay . 
  it 's not that hard of a concept , really . 
  so you manage to get somewhere safe with your fancy jacket and your phone - that and your life is literally all you have . 
  meanwhile some tank uses your house as target practice and some maniacs kill the rest of your family . 
  it would make you a textbook case of a refugee , and then someone comes along and says `` hey he 's got an iphone !, 
  ca n't be that bad ! '' . 
  seriously ... 
  to add to that - it can also happen when travelling by car . 
  there 's a region several km inland that they do random checks ( an undercover car will pull you over and ask for id ) . 
  does n't happen often , but can happen . 
  not our proudest moment ... 
  i fully agree . 
  whenever i drive through poorer countries and see construction or beautifully rebuilt city centers with a big `` eu '' sign , i 'm quite happy how my money is being used . 
  we 're all in this together , you know ... 
  getting rid of the debt silently might be the only way if you want to avoid bild going full retard . 
  the last point would basically be a transfer union . 
  not only from germany to greece , but generally from richer to poorer economies . 
  we do it inside germany , but boy would it be a tough sell for the majority of voters . 
  but i think that it might be the only feasable way forward with a single currency . 
  translated literally it means something like `` work beer '' , with the work part specifically meaning the work a public servant does . 
  absolutely - and that 's the thing . 
  the naive part in me hopes for a similar kind of feeling to emerge across europe . 
  looking at polls , i might be part of a small minority there . 
  if it ever happens , it might take a while ... 
  eh i do n't know ... bavaria sort of bails out berlin regularly and it 's not a giant outrage . 
  maybe we should start seeing europe more this way . 
  however , after reading comments on german news sites , i lost all hope for that ... 
  that 's just budapest though . 
  most of the time they want to see me id when boarding there , and i 'm flying lufthansa . 
  when starting in munich , noone cares . 
  it 's also not really what most people here understand as passport checks . 
  they just glance on it if your name matches the one on the ticket . 
  no scan , no database check , and also done by the airline staff . 
  [ case in point : able archer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/able_archer_83 ), 
  that 's not how merkel works . 
  if she changes her opinion , it will be by slightly changing her tone until she did a full turn , making it seem like that was of course always her way of thinking . 
  it might have already started with her speech about how the syrians are `` naturally supposed to go back home '' . 
  [ visegrad group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visegr\u00e1d_group ) , named after the town where these countries signed a treaty for collaboration . 
  seeing how the state of affairs seems to be whenever we actually try to do something with our military , i 'm wondering if all that money is being spend ... let 's say ... with the right priorities . 
  it 's slightly higher ... wiesn beers have around 6 % compared to 5 % for most standard beers . 
  not that it really matters if you drink several liters of either stuff . 
  seehofer would be fun , but he does n't want to . 
  he has no more ambitions to become anything else than a retiree - at least that 's what he said a couple of times . 
  come on ... if somebody were to be cought in the us having like 20 identities in 7 states , who would you blame first ? 
  the missing border between them or the obvious and astounding incompetence of the bureaucracies in these 7 states ? 
  i 'd pick the latter . 
  i condemn attacks by the left as much as by the right , however i see a little difference between clashes at a demo and setting a building on fire at night .
