guess where they 're going to want to settle as a second choice ? 
  sweden ? 
  they are afraid of vampires , are n't they ? 
  more like 2k . 
  do n't forget the reichtangle !, 
  is this offer only for arabs ? 
  i 'm ... asking for a friend . 
  central bus station , munich . 
  nah , we 're just arrogant . 
  i laugh so hard when people try to paint merkel as some sort of toothless and delusional leftist . 
  yeah ... no . 
  is this sub now seriously backing wilders of all of people ? 
  absolutely no way to tell . 
  this is in an early internal draft by the minister of the interior , not by merkel . 
  it 's impossible to say if that ever becomes law , or what will change along the way . 
  also it 's highly doubtful that they would retroactively try to send those back that are already here right now . 
  getting back to the other eu state . 
  i have my doubts that even if it becomes law , that part will survive the constitutional court . 
  no idea . 
  but as we have a grand coalition government , the odds of it failing the vote are slim . 
  now , will it ever reach that stage ? 
  it seems to be a draft by the minister of the interior , lot 's of things could happen on the way to becoming law . 
  and if it bcomes law , there 's always the possibility of the constitutional court disagreeing . 
  the first point basically eliminates all possibilities to successfully claim asylum in germany - well , maybe if they would come by boat via the north sea or by hot air balloon . 
  maybe that 's also there to get the rest of eu countries to accept that quota system ? 
  do n't know . 
  yes , no doubt . 
  some of the key changes : - refugees entering via another eu state under dublin regulations will not recieve any benefits , just a train ticket and some food . 
  - denied refugees who can not be deported by their own fault ( because they lost passports etc ) are forbidden to work and wo n't recieve benefits - maxium time for staying in the first center increased from 3 to 6 months - in these centers they will be provided food etc instead of cash - refugees can not move to a town of their own choosing while in a center - albania , kosovo and montenegro to be declared safe countries - rejected refugees that are about to be deported will recieve less financial support it 's still a draft , though . 
  it 's not directly a violation . 
  the dublin rules state that each country is free to take refugees despite the possibility of sending them back . 
  still stupid to announce that publically , but not a breach of contract . 
  that 's her standard mo. 
  they delved too greedily and too deep . 
  i googled , i wikipediad , i [ was not disappointed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_turanism#/media/file:parthian_jesus.jpg ) . 
  all glory to hungarian battle jesus !, 
   he was born in the middle of hungary wot ? 
  by now i think they even shout that while buying bread or mowing their lawn . 
  yes ... 
  i guess the live ticker and the article on top of it are written by different persons . 
  it was quite objective in the newsticker , now it 's good-guy-serbia for calmly deescalating and tear gas against refugees who were just `` hoping for entry '' . 
  sort of . 
  spiegel is a weekly magazine and their website one of the main german news sites . 
  they are more in the quality-department . 
  bild on the other hand is the biggest daily paper and yellow press trash . 
  come on ... you ca n't seriously want for someone to blow up on a mine . 
  in germany , both spiegel and bild report that the refugees started by throwing stuff and breaking the gate . 
  why it always allahu akbar ? 
  do n't they have a second chant ? 
  anything ? 
  if this happens it will not end well . 
  my mistake , i need a coffee . 
  last i checked we do n't share a border . 
  so it 's a corridor to austria . 
  also : it 's beautiful . 
  or the poor ceiling takes one for the team . 
  the article says that an employee of the market was attacked by the lovely fellow , but does n't expand on that . 
  so i guess it was minor in terms of actual physical struggle . 
  well , that 's an interesting idea . 
  in the article it 's `` steine '' , so stones or rocks . 
  google translate , you 're drunk . 
  i like the idea , but as we can see with the strong reactions of some countries right now it might not be feasable . 
  i ca n't imagine countries like cz or hu ( just to name two ) agreeing to let someone in brussels decide who will be granted asylum und and settle in their country . 
  a unified policy however might be a first step . 
  to be fair : it 's currently the topic in most of europe . 
  and also a topic lots of people feel strongly about , because it might directly affect their lives ( even if that is only percieved ) . 
  this is a bit different to , say , the greek finance crises . 
  it 's shaking the eu to the core , so a mild obsession as you call it might be justified . 
  drawn with a ruler by an old english guy who has never been there . 
  that worked out brilliantly in the past . 
  ca n't lines be moved ? 
  maybe it 's time for some realpolitik . 
  yep , the whole point of unsc was to keep the nuclear powers from killing all of us . 
  removing a russisan veto right would be stupid . 
  why they have to beg and rent their equipment is beyond me . 
   deploy the eu fleet well , there 's your problem . 
  frontex is understaffed and underequipped by design . 
  i guess one of the numerous internet shops and cafes around keleti might have a printer ? 
  it 's not like they are walking through a desert . 
  great , now i 'm hungry . 
  they just built a fucking 170 km fence with barbed wire . 
  i doubt they give in because of some stupid signs and a sad looking kid . 
  german media , not exactly the most pro-hungarian bunch , clearly call it a hunger strike . 
  no word about starving . 
  i think most people here are not against refugees and have their hearts in the right places ( some neonazi scum aside ) . 
  what 's currently happening is the realization , that we ca n't possibly rescue the whole world . 
  it 's just too much , we realize that we have to draw the line somewhere . 
  if at 50.000 or 5 million , that 's up to anyone 's opinion , but there will always be more . 
  and more . 
  and it ca n't possibly be fair . 
  baby steps . 
  i do n't know . 
  but i guess she looks at a lot of polls daily . 
  there was also quite a lot of pressure coming from bavaria , the region bordering austria , to do something because they were running out of beds . 
  maybe even the intelligence agencies told her that it 's not so bright to let tens of thousands people roam around completely unchecked . 
  it 's all just speculation , might have been a mixture of several reasons only known to her . 
  it came rather suddenly , though . 
  when someone first posted here that germany closes its borders , i did n't believe it at first . 
  it came so out of left field . 
  i read somewhere else that frontex has to lend the ships sometimes one month at a time and beg for extension again and again from the respective government .
