  not even enough to station a squadron , much less the 10th air wing and the 2nd air force command of the turkish air force . 
   erdogan ( yea it spelled with an a dumbass ) what are you , 12 ? 
  should i comment on all your misspellings and syntax errors ? 
   was going to be captured in his hotel in marmaris no attempt was made . 
  his claim was debunked . 
   they never planned on him escaping so that 's why the aircraft were n't equipped to take down his plane are you fucking serious ? 
  the thought that the president would try to escape did n't occur to them ?!, 
   my sources are turkish , from turkish news sources , most of which are historically anti erdogan . 
  * then provide them * . 
  you have n't provided shit , but a bunch of anti-american bluster . 
   you just hate erdogan and use this event as another circle jerk on hating him . 
  you need to calm down . 
  i do n't hate erdogan . 
   it was about a cleric in cahoots controlled by the cia trying to take over the turkish government . 
  still no proof , and still refusing to answer the question as to * why * . 
  erdogan approved the increase of use of incirlik airbase . 
  he cooperates in everything we do . 
  what purpose would a coup serve when we get all the cooperation we need * right now * ? 
   this isnt the first time something like this happened . 
  pro nato generals did the coup in 1980 . 
  look him up . 
  and ? 
  it 's not 1980 anymore . 
  there is no cold war . 
   im sick of us influence because i saw what happened to iraq afghanistan and libya . 
  we were actually begged to participate . 
  you can thank europe and france for libya . 
  afghanistan was justified . 
  iraq was not . 
  you 're sick of us influence , but still seem to cry because we did n't jump in militarily to stop this coup . 
  jesus christ , you have no consistency . 
   im not ignoring the peculiarity that erdogan flew around for a while . 
  i just know it isnt as shady as you think it is . 
  it 's pretty shady . 
  not a single attempt on his life . 
  `` hostile '' jets bombing buildings while it was happening . 
  they did n't even try to use their canons or sidewinders . 
  plus , there was * plenty * of time to quickly scramble a jet to intercept his aircraft . 
  no attempt was made , and you are foolishly , stupidly , ignoring it . 
   why the fuck would erdogan remove half of his general staff . 
  how docyou explain gulenist police chief 's wearing military uniforms posing as officers . 
  i do n't think you understand how false flag operations work . 
   do you really think a bunch of general are going to kill themselves for erdogan . 
  how is that any less strange than a bunch of generals killing themselves for gulen ? 
   dont act as if you have no bias against erdogan , i tend to view the rounding up and torture of tens of thousands of people to be generally disgusting . 
  yes , even if it 's my own government , just to squash your whataboutism before hand . 
   and do n't act as if huffpost the guardian and such also credible . 
  they 're all supporting gulen . 
  i do n't believe i 've referenced them at all . 
   seriously show me your sources to show gulens innocence . 
  do n't be foolish . 
  you ca n't prove a negative . 
  * i never claimed gulen was innocent , i said the us was not involved * . 
  saying there is no evidence that gulen did anything is very different than saying he 's innocent . 
  those are very different things . 
   do n't give the bullshit he 's got no evidence to prove hes bad , him and his cult have been funding a bunch of officials in the turkish government and even in british parliament . 
  that does n't prove he is involved in any way . 
  instead of pounding on a keyboard like a goddamn mad ape , how about you provide something besides `` everybody believes it '' and `` us is bad ! '' . 
  are you even capable of a reasonable conversation ? 
   the thing is everyone in turkey agrees it 's gulen . 
  even people jailed by erdogan even people who absolutely hate erdogan . 
  people heavily invested in all this believe it 's gulen . 
  who the fuck are you to think you know bettet than them . 
  knowing better than generals that were forced to resign as gulenists took their mantles because everybody believing something does n't make it true . 
  only a fool follows a crowd thinking it 's automatically correct . 
  are you a fool , or can you provide evidence ? 
  the us has zero desire to go to war with russia . 
   when exactly was nato about doing good ? 
  ask the baltic states . 
  it 's keeping them from being a russian oblast . 
  warmongering how ? 
  to be fair , * everybody * sucks at insurgency and occupation . 
  much of ukraine is in ruins . 
  i do n't know how you can seriously think it does n't have an impact . 
  he really does n't . 
  in retrospect , the collapse looked obvious , but to nearly everybody it was a complete surprise . 
  you 'd be surprised how many americans feel ancestry to be important . 
  i can trace my family to the american revolution . 
  then again , by european terms , i suppose that 's a short time . 
  we 're a nation of 350 million people . 
  reddit is not a good barometer for america , tbh . 
  oh , it 's the germans now ? 
  here i was thinking americans were getting the blame . 
   because they were n't equipped with air to air missiles but were equipped with air to ground missiles . 
  so they could take off unauthorized at a turkish base , but could n't get the right munitions ? 
  this is quite the stretch . 
   as for your `` research '' into the evidence , ideally appreciate that you 're telling me 260 people died over a farce when you have n't ever stepped into my country . 
  i 'm not sure how being directly on the ground adds any weight to your argument . 
  those deaths are a tragedy . 
  wildly throwing accusations around is not how you go about it . 
   the reason i 'm pissed that the us did n't report shit is because russian sensors in syria warned erdogan about all the shit going on close to incirlik . 
  according to iranian media . 
  you 're so quick to accuse us of spreading propaganda with this `` unnamed general '' people are quoting , yet you swallow this hook line and sinker ? 
   oh but yea of course the government that built , maintains and houses 5000 us servicemen would n't know what 's going on in its own airbase . 
  it 's ** not ** a us airbase . 
  it 's a turkish airbase , ran and operated by turkey . 
   and yea you fucking dipshit the aircraft controllers need to know of each other 's schedules of taking off and landing , they kinda wan na make sure planes do n't crash into each other . 
  yes , and those are operated by turks . 
  because it 's a turk base . 
  full of turk troops and aircraft .
