  at the moment , the only real talk is microscopic . 
  i do n't think you understand the sheer size of the us military . 
  10 aircraft carrier groups , each with an air force larger than most modern countries . 
  hundreds of bases . 
  tens of thousands of war-experienced troops . 
  fighter and bomber aircraft that are several generations ahead of their competition . 
   and china 's economy is growing and their resources are geared more and more heavily towards achieving their immediate objectives , which is securing these local waters and airspace . 
  according to the pln , their goal is to be able to secure their own borders . 
  something they * still * can not do . 
  and you want to classify them as a super power ? 
   that the us can fly jets overhead all the time does n't mean the us can force them out if fighting happens , and it will certainly be tougher in a few years as the chinese military improves its capabilities . 
  the us absolutely could force them off those islands . 
  china 's airforce , by their own admittance , is not comparable to the us . 
  they 're two generations behind aircraft development , and still have n't managed to get their rusty , old soviet carrier in full service . 
  they have no ability to force project their forces . 
   in raw economic output , yes they will . 
  since they have more people . 
  this is not how economics work . 
  in short , it 's worth about as much as the paper it was printed on . 
  1.3 billion people , the vast majority of which live in absolute poverty . 
  a high population a good economy does not make . 
  in reality , china is far too fragmented , corrupt , and inefficient to accomplish anything of such magnitude . 
  there is very little evidence that china will surpass the us any time soon . 
  it 's actually far more likely that china wo n't surpass the us at all . 
  as has been pointed out more times on this subreddit than i can count , this was not a military treaty . 
  this was a treaty of assurance from russia that they would uphold the territorial integrity of ukraine . 
  there were no military provisions between ukraine and the west , or anybody else . 
  none . 
  it was simply a guarantee that the us would recognize the sovereignty and territorial integrity of ukraine . 
  the west still upholds this treaty . 
  russia does not . 
   a russian mig costs a third of a western equivalent fighter jet , but that does n't mean it 's a third as capable either . 
  you 're right . 
  a third would be generous . 
   a great example of this is china 's power . 
  their main goal is to deny the us use of islands off the coast of china and to prevent access to the taiwan straits and local seas . 
  that 's what their military is focused on and they win by simply achieving that . 
  you make it sound like this achievement is a foregone conclusion . 
  it 's simply not going to happen . 
  the u.s. will not abandon taiwan , south korea or japan . 
  nor will they recognize the construction of these islands as sovereign territory . 
  we fly our jets overhead all the time to make that clear . 
  edit : instead of downvoting me , perhaps you lovely people could explain to me what part i said was inaccurate ? 
  are there truly people in this forum that believe the us would not honor its treaty violations ? 
   china will be soon highly unlikely . 
  it 's far more likely that china has hit its apex , and wo n't get much further . 
  economically , they are stagnating , and they are so far behind militarily , it 's almost comical . 
   there 's no point defining anything around what the us is because the american military is just absurd in comparison to anything that 's ever existed in human history in terms of scope and power . 
  on the contrary , that 's absolutely * why * it should be used as a comparison . 
  it 's the defining characteristic of a super power . 
  russia and china can not enforce their will halfway across the world by military force alone . 
  they ca n't even enforce their own will right off their coast . 
  they have virtually no force projection of any kind . 
  they are outclassed on land , sea and air . 
  both powers combined could not even come * close * to rivaling the conventional forces of the us , much less the combined might of nato . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think china and russia are even close to being a super power . 
   russia can never ` lose ' a conflict because they can destroy everyone on earth . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  nuclear weapons do not execute foreign policy the same way an aircraft carrier group would . 
  projection of power , and the * enforcement * of will is where the rubber meets the road . 
  the ability to unilaterally project military force world wide is what makes a super power a super power . 
  russia can not do that . 
  having nuclear weapons -- even enough to destroy the world many times over -- is about as valuable as a boot full of warm piss when it comes to power projection . 
   it is obvious that west leaders are pussies and would not send military to stop russia 's invasion in ukraine so why not ? 
  the west are n't `` pussies . '', 
  they have no reason , treaty or otherwise , to interfere . 
  that 's not cowardice , that 's wisdom . 
  ukraine was not in nato . 
  ukraine had no defense alliances with any european state , or the usa . 
  did we read the same article ? 
  it pointed out russia 's inability to globally project its power , and its inability to develop new systems to replace old ones . 
  those are pretty concrete . 
   in 15 years ( think about it , china is the first country to challenge american econmic power in more than 100 years . 
  ) , china will surpass the american economy this is now highly unlikely . 
  all signs point that the chinese have peaked , much like japan did in the 80 's . 
  their agreement to no longer artificially lower the value of their currency was the last nail in the coffin . 
  their economy is now on a very rough path , and they 're having to build whole , empty cities to keep their unemployment numbers low . 
  george friedman actually predicts china 's collapse as both a nation and a power within the next 30 years . 
   just because they do n't use their hard power , does n't mean they do n't have it . 
  they do n't have hard power . 
  millions of poorly trained soldiers are not hard power . 
  they do not have the ability to project their power regionally , or globally . 
  their navy is simply outclassed in virtually every capacity . 
  you give the chinese too much credit . 
   for all the rhetoric in the us , they still have a relatively decent welfare system . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  it 's an absolute disaster over here . 
  it 's the one thing both supporters and dissenters of our welfare system agree on . 
   yeah , maybe you should get angry at saudi arabia first or maybe we can think they 're ** both ** barbaric . 
   not one single european country has integrated its muslim population properly it 's mostly up to the foreigners to integrate . 
  his point is that muslims simply are n't assimilating to french culture , and have n't been since the 60 's . 
   if you go around saying let 's deport all muslims then yes you are probably a racist that would make you a bigot , not a racist . 
  muslim is not a race . 
   go to n. ireland . 
  catholics and protestants love a good brawl there . 
  the difference is they 're not trying to take this violence to other countries . 
  pointing out a statistic is not inherently racist or bigoted . 
   are all christians to be blamed for the actions of the westboro church ? 
  as disgusting as they are , they are fundamentally peaceful . 
  they are pacifists .
