  if turkey is the aggressor , they 're on their own . 
   warmongering , genocidal country that tortures yeah , and we learned from the best ( europe ) . 
  no , that 's texas . 
  ( my home state ), 
  ... why ? 
  he does n't need us to do that . 
  the us will never abandon nato . 
  our entire system of alliances would fall apart . 
   turkey threatens greece with war every other day you have a citation for this ? 
  that 's quite a claim . 
  and they behead atheists, 
   so he ca n't just arrest them for treason . 
  again , not trying to be a dick , but is n't that exactly what he 's done to thousands of government officials ? 
   he needs referendum i would say the `` coup '' does that . 
  who is there to oppose him , now ? 
  i 'm seriously asking . 
  how long before the legislature sucks his cock for fear of being labeled a traitor and part of the coup ? 
  i do n't like it either . 
  but that 's a long way away from executing dissident citizens exposed by a false flag attack . 
  and what 's to stop erdogan from changing that constitution ? 
  he 's now arrested virtually all opposition , including court judges . 
  stuff the government full of enough sycophants , and it can be easily done . 
  i think the condemnation would be significantly louder if turkey were already an eu member . 
  why ? 
  we do n't make any secret of who we put to death . 
  their trial records are open . 
  you wo n't see a single candidate of the opposition on his way to the gas chamber . 
  for good or for ill , we have the death penalty . 
  but we do n't use it on political opponents in show-trials . 
  the difference is we have n't resurrected the death penalty for the specific purpose of dealing with `` traitors . '', 
  i 'm against the death penalty , but it 's not the same . 
  but not because of nato requirements . 
   if you 'd want to get rid of erdogan , violence is not the way to go , not anymore . 
  well , you got your wish . 
  after this `` coup '' nothing short of his death will get rid of him . 
  if trump wins , i 'll be doing my damn best to move to europe . 
  it 's like getting my girlfriend to decide what to eat for dinner . 
  of course we do it in our interests . 
  it 's in our interest that europe remains at peace . 
  it 's in our interest that you folks do n't go to war again over something in the balkans . 
  nobody is going to deny that we have some skin in this . 
  it 's why we stayed after ' 45 . 
  but that 's a long way from what you 're saying . 
  no , really . 
  i do n't . 
  i 'd rather have good roads and universal healthcare . 
  i think we can do without another super carrier or two . 
  hey , i 'm all for it . 
  few are grateful for what we provide . 
  but make no mistake : european nations want us there . 
  if they did n't , we would n't be there . 
  germany and the others can tell us to leave any time they 'd like . 
  being justified and being successful are two different things . 
  you may not remember the gear up to the war . 
  i remember it like yesterday . 
  i remember the taliban basically telling us to fuck off . 
  i have friends who died there and some who came back never the same . 
  we 're aware of our failures and of our very limited success . 
  we just have a nasty habit of trying to rebuild a country after we 've conquered it . 
  and we 've not been any good at rebuilding conquered countries since wwii . 
  iraq was a disaster on all fronts , but to pretend like afghanistan was n't justified is pretty off . 
   and nato is not really a defensive alliance . 
  name a single country that has joined nato against their will . 
   who in europe needs to rely on the usa for their own defence ? 
  how about all those eastern european countries who scrambled to join nato for fear of russian aggression ? 
  do you think their pleas for help to be not genuine ? 
   we are perfectly capable of handling any threat close to our borders . 
  like ukraine and georgia ? 
   it is the usa who is reluctant to abandon bases in europe for strategic reasons . 
  no , [ that 's not true at all ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-us-military-idustre80q1a620120127 ) . 
  we 've been pulling more troops out for a while . 
  after that , we usually have to assure your nations that we are still committed to their defense . 
   and because some of those bases allow you to spy on your european allies . 
  spy on them ? 
  for what ? 
  we provide the vast majority of your military equipment . 
  we provide virtually all your logistical support . 
  besides , if the nsa has taught us anything , it 's that we do n't need people on the ground to spy on you . 
   you want the missile defence system for your own reasons . 
  because intercepting missiles over europe is safer than intercepting them close to us shores . 
  false . 
  that missile defense system would not protect america . 
  they would just shoot them over the north pole , past canada , into our backyard , completely bypassing that system . 
  that system exists for one reason : to protect europe ( and to line somebody 's pockets , i 'm sure ), 
   being as military important as the usa is affords it a lot of benefits geopolitically . 
  maybe . 
  but i think the younger generations are getting tired of empire . 
  and dying for it . 
  if that were the case why were former soviet countries so eager to join ? 
  this attitude is beyond naive . 
  no more `` war against terrorism '' . 
  enough of this nonsense . 
  this is n't 2006 anymore and fighting a perpetual war against an ill defined enemy must not be our foreign policy . 
  you have some military muscle , but it is worthless without discipline , a unified command and oob and logistical mastery . 
  all of that is provided by nato . 
  without nato , those understaffed , under equipped armies you are so proud of would be large islands of directionless , inexperienced men , wrangling over the politics of how to transfer them over from one nation or another . 
  by the time they were done wrangling , the baltics would already been incorporated into another oblast in the russian federation . 
  you do not have the way or the means of a unified high command and oob outside of nato and have n't for many decades . 
  even in the falkland war , the uk depended heavily on us logistics and information . 
  syria , libya and virtually all activities in the mediterranean require such for even the most basic military operations , and virtually all of it is provided by the us .
