  we have access rights to the base , but not control over it . 
   seriously what are your sources on saying there is no evidence for the imprisonment of the coup plotters . 
  it 's impossible for me to prove a negative . 
  where are * your * sources outside of rt or iranian media ? 
  everything you have said is complete and total conjecture . 
  you 've not presented anything remotely solid to back up your accusations . 
   people who were direct accomplices during the coup were imprisoned . 
  yeah ? 
  according to who ? 
  again , arrests are not indicative of guilt . 
  unless you want to operate like stalinist russia . 
   i really ca n't see how much more evidence you need or anyone else for that matter . 
  being caught red handed is n't enough apparently . 
  ** how about any evidence at all ? 
  ** you ca n't provide anything . 
  nothing . 
  zero . 
  if there was any evidence , do n't you think erdogen would have released it immediately ? 
   oh and remind me when you respected the extradition process of pakistan and the afghan govn when you demanded his extradition without need for evidence and then assassinated him on their own soil . 
  piss off with your no one 's above the law bullshit , the us has n't been following it for a while now . 
  your whataboutism has no power here . 
   there 's no fucking way he would risk his life in that way . 
  he did n't risk his life at all . 
  there was zero attempt on it , despite lying about it . 
  he felt so confident in the midst of a `` coup '' that he flew around an airport for quite a long time , completely undefended . 
  this is an ugly little detail you continue to ignore for my last half dozen posts . 
  nor are you able to answer what the us would get out of such a coup . 
  we 've lost nothing with erdogen . 
  he still is in nato , and he 's still one of the only partners that pays his fair share . 
  a bunch of nonsense rhetoric is not enough to warrant the ending of one of our strongest and longest lasting strategic alliances . 
  you are blinded by your nationalism and anti-americanism . 
  it 's working perfectly into his favor . 
   how does not reporting fishy behaviour not qualify as fishy behaviour . 
  it 's predicated on the belief that we knew it was fishy behavior to begin with . 
  the absence of evidence is not evidence . 
  do you think the us has a complete list of every exercise turkey does ? 
  do you think if there was a variation of an exercise , that we would know about it ? 
  is it now our job to monitor your airforce for rebels ? 
  i think you overestimate our involvement with your air bases , and i think you are inconsistent . 
   how does harboring a man known to have deep ties with the agents of the coup not qualify as disrespecting the process of justice here . 
  he came here years ago . 
  if you want him , there 's a formal process for extraditing . 
  start that process , and let 's see where it goes . 
  but if handing him over means execution , good luck with that . 
  accusing us ( with zero evidence ) of attempting to overthrow your government tends to close more doors than it opens . 
   do me a favour , actually look into who gulen is before telling me and a whole nation if we have any proof or not . 
  i already have . 
  ** what strikes me is how no evidence has been given of his involvement . 
  none . 
  arresting thousands of people on trumped up charges is not evidence of anything . 
  ** can you explain to me how rebels who were able to use jets to bomb government buildings did n't even * attempt * to shoot down erdogen 's plane ? 
  i notice how you continually ignore this . 
  this is pure conjecture . 
  you have no evidence . 
  you have no evidence . 
  none . 
  fanboyism has nothing to do with it . 
  we really are . 
  if we were surrounded by russian bases the way iran is surrounded by ours , we 'd freak the fuck out . 
   and you would create the second iran in the region , but much more dangerous than the first . 
  which is my entire point . 
  * there is no reason for the us to sponsor a coup * . 
  arresting tens of thousands of individuals without cause seems to make people not to like you . 
  crazy , i know . 
  the point of the coup would have been to take out erdogen . 
  that would have been the number one goal . 
  everything is held together by him . 
  yet no attempt was even made on his life , despite his early claim . 
  so let me ask you : ** do you have any evidence at all that the us was behind this coup ? 
   i was n't angry you did n't interfere . 
  your government did n't even warn the government . 
  the sovereign government of turkey . 
  even if erdogan is president it does n't give your government the right to pick and choose who leads the turkish people . 
  probably because we had no fucking clue it was going on ? 
   even if erdogan is president it does n't give your government the right to pick and choose who leads the turkish people . 
  not that the us government ever actually gave a shit about that . 
  which is why we did n't do anything with your election and did nothing about the coup . 
  it 's not our business . 
  period . 
   also yea do you think that the opinion of some grunt on the ground matters in comparison to the people actually in the towers monitoring aircraft traffic would know when people take off . 
  do you really expect them to not notify their commanding officers about a fucking fleet of fuel tankers and f 16s taking off out of schedule ? 
  as well as all the attack helicopters and transport vehicles . 
  you do n't understand how these bases work . 
  this is turkey 's base . 
  not a us base . 
  turkey allows nato troops in that base . 
  we have zero control or even care about what goes on with your own base and your own domestic problems . 
  for all they knew , you were going to go bomb a whole bunch of kurds . 
  you ca n't seem to make up your mind : on one hand you seem to be angry that we always interfere , and then immediately say we should have said or done something  this guy is not innocent . 
  how can a guy who had his followers infiltrate the government for the past 30 years and then instigate a coup be innocent . 
  do you really expect me to believe that all his followers did a coup without his permission ? 
  right before the day they were going to be arrested for charges of conspiracy ? 
  so yea no shit the turkish government and turkish people demand the extradition of the murderer of 260 people because if his petty attempts at taking over a government . 
  this may be a new concept for you , but we believe in innocent until proven guilty . 
  so far , nobody has provided a single drop of evidence that he was behind this . 
   oh and do n't be so fucking stupid to think that the us government would intervene directly by killing erdogan are you kidding me ? 
  coups are out . 
  assassinations are in . 
  we have drones for this stuff . 
  much less messy and gets the job done just as well .
