  as an american , i would like nothing more than to take all of our troops out of your continent . 
  hell , i 'd close down the 700 + bases , cut our military spending by 3/4 , and tell everybody to leave us the fuck alone a la 1930 's . 
  you want us gone ? 
  great . 
  but that means you 're going to have to unite and build a military on your own . 
  a proper one , with force projection and all that jazz . 
  and we 'd sure like you to get on with it . 
  only because they could use syrian bases . 
  had the france and uk been able to use libyan bases , they also could have done the same . 
  let 's be honest . 
  we 're trying to save face in afghanistan . 
  if we were to leave right now , it would return to the shit hole it was before we got there . 
  and no amount of staying is going to change that outcome . 
  europeans lecturing americans about genocide and warmongering ? 
  that 's rich . 
  great idea . 
  personally , i 'm pretty tired of my country paying for 700 + bases overseas . 
  but that means you 'll need your own military . 
  so either way , you need to increase your defense spending . 
  yes , and if we do that , how will our politicians get those sweet , sweet kickbacks ? 
  realistically speaking , if russia decided to commit nato is in no position to hold off the invasion of the baltics . 
  their only hope would be to wait for liberation once nato is able to marshal their conventional forces . 
  i just figured the booing was uk politics as usual , tbh . 
  we really do n't have any moral high ground to speak of . 
  we do n't directly elect our head of state either ( electoral college ) , and we only have two options . 
  what 's really sad is he probably does n't realize nobody votes directly for the president in the us either . 
  we call them freedom units . 
  give us some credit . 
  we have good sausages with the bad sausages . 
  we just allow you to have the choice of bad sausages . 
   ( in other words it 's dead ) nobody has told my country this . 
  the us does not properly represent unemployment . 
  they have n't for years to fudge the numbers . 
  fair point . 
  and it 's in the millions , now . 
  that 's because we subsidize everybody else 's healthcare , in some ways . 
  much worse . 
  we do n't even want to acknowledge that they 're human and exist . 
  ... not according to wealth of nations . 
  rekt, 
  what a mistake !, 
  calais should forever be english !, 
  we knew iraq had wmds . 
  we knew because we gave it to them . 
  the issue is not whether they had them . 
  the issue is did they have them in 2003 . 
  they did not . 
   i think the american people do like being ` at the top ' . 
  we could cut our military budget in half and still be on top . 
   you do n't care about international law just like russia . 
  you 're right . 
  like he said , we 're the only ones enforcing it . 
  that wo n't stop until we have a truly multi-national force of law . 
  and that wo n't happen unless everybody else wants to spend money on their armed forces . 
  which they do n't . 
  sorry , but it will never happen . 
  never . 
  no sitting president is going to prosecute a former one . 
  the chances of bush or any of his administration ever seeing a trial are ** zero ** . 
   arguably one of the worst decisions of all time . 
  until 2016 , that is . 
  they invasion did work . 
  it worked beautifully . 
  it was the peace that we lost . 
  the debaathification was the nail on the coffin . 
  what happens when 100k + armed , trained and professional soldiers are told to fuck off with no pay and no recourse ? 
  that 's just the armed forces . 
  we 're not even talking about the civil services . 
  what 's happening now is what we get . 
  america is great at kicking ass . 
  we 're terrible at everything else , including nation building . 
   christopher columbus no , even when i was in elementary school nobody praised him for his conquests . 
  quite the opposite : he was treated as an explorer , not a conqueror . 
  your president is going much , much further than white washing . 
   i merely wanted to point out that saying greeks are the `` original , native population '' of anatolia is wrong . 
  it 's not wrong . 
  the greeks were on anatolia before most of the world discovered iron . 
  the turks were a nomadic people from the east . 
  i do n't think there 's much point in fighting battles long lost , but turkey needs to be very honest about its past if it wants a better future . 
  i do n't think westerners are accustomed to ` brown ' people dominating white people and can be a tad bit resentful of it . 
  serious question : what is happening right now seems pretty unprecedented . 
  the government seems to be in disarray , to put it mildly . 
  can the queen call for elections ? 
  it seems like if there was any time for a respected head of state to step up , this would be it . 
  as an american who has been keeping a close eye on this , it 's almost impossible for me to get a straight narrative . 
  it 's all over the place . 
  they disagree with him . 
  we 're a bit over rated . 
  it 's a small group who do work daily . 
  on mobile so ca n't provide reference but am currently in france studying this . 
  just a note : that 1904 election turnout was only for well-off white males . 
  as an american , it 's a mild relief to see there are other people in the world with trump-level delusions outside of the united states . 
   flemings and wallonians who ? 
  a greater germany , if you will . 
  that 's because the whole thing is a contrived distraction from real , domestic issues . 
  not that i can talk as an american ... 
  enjoying your coca-cola and rock n ' roll ? 
   super liberal in the cities and religiously conservative in the country . 
  is n't that everywhere ? 
   so , if we are old mexico , then standard mexico is new mexico ; what would new mexico be ?
