  a large , poor population is far more difficult to advance than a smaller , better off population . 
  ** gross population is not an indicator of economic health or capability ** . 
  never has been , never will be . 
  no , it 's not . 
  in fact , there 's little correlation . 
  gross population is a very poor indicator of economic performance . 
  it 's how well that population produces and consumes that matter . 
  it 's exactly why a nation of 350 million people can still dominate countries with over 4 times its population . 
  it 's also why there 's no nation in africa that can be classified as a world power , much less an industrial one . 
  this is economics 101 , folks . 
   a country that can project a few thousand nukes to any point of the globe can not be described as unable to project its power globally . 
  a threat is only as good as its credibility . 
  it 's like north korea constantly threatening invasion . 
  if nuclear weapons were a credible projection of force , all russia would have had to do in the russo-georgian war would be to wave their missiles around . 
  but in the end , those missiles mean nothing . 
  which is why troops occupy parts of georgia today . 
  domination of land , sea and air is what matters in the real world . 
   now all of us brave natoers are saving turkey from the evil ruskies who pass through turkey with military jets without permission ? 
  a few incursions through airspace happen in all countries . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  this is very , very different than naked aggression . 
  if war was declared every time air space was violated , * we would never be at peace * . 
   nato = useless union/paper tiger . 
  because we do n't declare total war over a few incursions into airspace ? 
  right . 
  i think the baltic states would disagree . 
  that genie has been let out and will not be used again . 
  let 's talk * real politik * here . 
  we 're not talking about defensive capability . 
  we 're talking about force projection . 
  and with force projection , outside the small window of time when the us had monopoly on nuclear weaponry , it becomes moot . 
  with the threat of retaliation , no modern power will realistically use nuclear weaponry as a means to project their will on another . 
  they would become an international pariah , bereft of any friendship in the world . 
  even north korea is n't able to do this . 
  mad is very real . 
  it is no a realistic scenario . 
  shit , even in the darkest days of wwii , germany would n't use chemical weapons , for threat of allied reprisal . 
   stop downvoting shit when you disagree with what is being said i 've not downvoted anything . 
  ( edit : though it 's obvious you 're downvoting everything through my history . 
  projecting much ? ), 
   yes , the war games you read online about . 
  and actual warfare we know about . 
  we 're talking about aircraft who hit their prime in the 80 's , verse aircraft recently developed . 
  two generations ahead , stealth wise . 
  we literally shoot down these russian aircraft before they even see us . 
  this has been done in real conflicts . 
  the russians and chinese know this , which is why they 're trying to develop fighters to counter them . 
  so far , with little success . 
   the us might not want to abandon a single defense treaty , but the us public will - war weariness extends beyond upholding treaties . 
  based on what ? 
  you general sense of feeling ? 
  newsflash : the us public does not run the government . 
  our institutions would * automatically * retaliate in the advent of naked aggression against our allies . 
  that 's how our defensive treaties work . 
  there is n't any need for public approval . 
  if china invaded taiwan , the 7th fleet would immediately retaliate and the war machine would go to work . 
  and if you think for two seconds that congress would n't approve of this measure by near unanimous vote , you 're very much disconnected from our populace and foreign policy . 
   i already addressed in this very thread about how using spending is a terrible metric for power . 
  cutting the us pay of its soldiers/sailors/airmen to chinese wages will also cut us military spending by $ 240 billion - that does n't mean shit for the us capabilities besides being an impossibility to pay an american a chinese person 's wage . 
  it 's actually a very good measure . 
  well paid , well trained , and well equipped soldiers objectively perform better . 
  even if you abandon this metric as a standard , every other metric still has the us ahead by many times . 
   you do understand that we do n't use carriers in that way right ? 
  i do . 
  what about your statements negate what i 've said ? 
  in war time , all those aircraft carriers could be brought into service , not to mention our mothball fleet . 
   they are , however , a major power in the region , and their goals are quite explicitly focused on beating the us in a limited war . 
  they 're closer to achieving their goals than the us is at achieving its goals in a straight fight with china . 
  our only goal is to contain china . 
  we 've successfully done that for decades . 
  in contrast , china has n't achieved a single , publicly stated goal yet . 
  they do not have a sufficient blue water navy . 
  no power recognizes the chinese islands , and nobody respects their sovereignty . 
  until they can * enforce * their sovereignty on their islands , it 's all a bunch of saber-rattling . 
  the reason why nobody is acting on these islands because , at the moment , nobody cares . 
  they 're building these islands at huge expense , and the rest of the world is ignoring them . 
  and for good reason . 
  because , as of yet , they do n't affect anything . 
  the prediction of collapse is based mostly on domestic issues . 
  rebellions in the west , social unrest in the east . 
  china is not as unified and monolithic as western media makes it out to be . 
   and what grounds do you have to substantiate that ? 
  numerous war games . 
  it also helps that nato aircraft have gone head to head with the same equipment from russia and have dominated . 
  multiple times . 
  the f-22 going against soviet fighters ? 
  not even a contest . 
  they will literally be shot out of the sky before the enemy even sees them . 
   who says it 's not simply going to happen ? 
  the us has less and less appetite to go to war overseas , and calls for budget cuts to the military increase every year . 
  we have less appetite to go to war offensively , or to get in world police actions . 
  this is very , very different than upholding existing treaties . 
  if the u.s. were to abandon a single defense treaty , it would mark the collapse of us hegemony . 
  it wo n't happen . 
   he us military is already stretched as is with its commitment worldwide , this is such a nebulous statement . 
  the us can project force anywhere in the world within a days notice . 
   and calls for budget cuts to the military increase every year . 
  those `` cuts '' are laughable . 
  they 're incredibly minor . 
  the us could cut it 's military spending in * half * and still claim global hegemony .
