  we 've even used it on our own citizens , and you think we would stop for your shitty-ass osman-wannabe president ? 
  your president was `` helpless '' in the air . 
  even * i * knew where he was . 
  so did the whole world . 
  and yet , these ` rebels ' who supposedly had control over fighters and bombers and all that stuff , did n't even * try * to shoot at him . 
   yea well boo fucking hoo , that 's what you get for failing to overthrow the government and causing the unnecessary deaths of 260 people . 
  you have zero proof that we had anything to do with this . 
  you are a fanatic . 
  keep downvoting , though . 
  so petty . 
   because 99.9 % of the turkish people see this failed coup as directed by cia probably because that 's what your state run media is telling you ? 
  probably because that 's what your leader is telling you ? 
  gee , i wonder why he would do that ?!, 
   in addition , this coup was a cornerstone in us plans to dismantle turkey and create kurdistan/armenia in eastern turkey this has got to be the craziest theory i 've ever seen . 
  do you have anything to back this up ? 
  we did n't even support kurdish independence in iraq , a country we flat out owned for over a decade , and you think we give two shits about the kurds in your territory ? 
  you are being played like a fiddle . 
  why would we want to dismantle a country * we are actively defending * ? 
   if you think that we can not do without nato , you do not know anything about turkish people . 
  i think you can survive without nato , but i think you would be a fool to do so . 
  if we sponsored your coup , it would have succeeded . 
  at the very least , erdogen would have been shot down as he was circling the airport for a good hour . 
  i 'd sure like one of you fanatical erdogen supporters to explain to me what we would get from sponsoring a coup . 
  you know ... they can leave germany any time they like . 
  i do n't think you know what fascism is . 
  christians are n't blowing themselves up every other day either . 
  you are perpetuating the same type of one-sided hate they are . 
  how is `` men lie more than women '' any better than `` women lie more than men '' ? 
  do you think that has more to do with historical reasons , or simply wanting to remain separate ? 
  it 's a stage up from being passive-aggressively oppressed . 
   military aircraft taking off and refueling outside of their schedules en masse is normal ? 
  this assumes that the us military knows or even cares what the turkish schedule is . 
  do you know how stupid * you * sound ? 
  i 've lived in and around air bases for a good portion of my life . 
  jets are always taking off and landing . 
  at all times . 
  it 's most certainly the same for your bases as well . 
   stop trying to shift the guilt away from your government , the us government is guilty of many , many things . 
  this coup is not one of them . 
  there is nothing to gain from this except endangering a relationship that has existed for over 60 years . 
  you have absolutely no proof that this happened . 
  everything points to the us being used as a fall guy . 
  if we were behind it , erdogen would be a smear on the earth because we would have shot down that defenseless plane as it circled the airport for a good hour . 
   something very serious was a about to happen and did not help , are you seriously suggesting the us shoot down turkish military planes ?!, 
  * are you out of your goddamn mind ? 
  * it is a domestic issue . 
  what did you expect us to do ? 
  ** you are berating us from constantly interfering in one hand , and then condemning us from not interfering on another . 
  make up your goddamn mind . 
  **  and im completely ignoring the fact that your government is giving him asylum when everyone under his payroll and orders carried out the coup , he 's been in the us for a long time now . 
  it 's not like this coup happened and we just let him in because of it . 
   what more evidence do you need if your nation is actually just ? 
  evidence that gulen did anything besides piss of your great leader would be a good start . 
  the us would n't gain anything by the coup . 
  why risk a 60 year alliance over a leader that is going to stay in nato regardless ? 
  no , but we do have missiles . 
  and lots of them . 
  your president was a sitting duck , circling the airport with no defenses whatsoever . 
  libya was in chaos before the invasion . 
  let him bluster about all he wants . 
  do you think some minor squabble like this would cause us to break an alliance we 've had for over half a century ? 
  no chance . 
  turkey is smart enough to sign an actual treaty . 
  turkey has nothing to gain and everything to lose by leaving nato . 
  i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  why would it ? 
  it 's an airforce base . 
  aircraft refueling and taking off is a normal thing that happens at all points in time . 
  on the contrary . 
  an alarming number of people believe that cunt . 
  [ enough that if the election were held today , he would win ] ( http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/289067-nate-silver-id-favor-trump-if-election-were-today ) . 
  uh ... that 's a lot less than what would go down with war . 
  that would turn into millions . 
  in a truly global economy , sanctions become more relevant than ever . 
  i do n't think you understand what sanctions are . 
  yeah , you forgot that it was almost 75 years ago . 
  i 'm not going to defend trump * per se * , but it 's important to understand the context of his comments . 
  he is saying that all countries in nato need to pull the appropriate weight if they want to enjoy the benefits of the treaty . 
  i think this is a good policy , but was irresponsibly handled , to say the least . 
  sanctions worked for iran . 
  you can do what we do : we simply pack you up , drive you to your country , and drop you off . 
  i am no trump supporter . 
  far from it . 
  but defending your borders is a legitimate policy . 
   `` the 9/11-accident . '', 
  i ca n't even fathom that language . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's a [ paradox ] ( https://www.paradoxplaza.com/ ) joke . 
  in their games , such as victoria ii , holding enemy cores is an automatic casus belli . 
  well , get together a coalition of the willing and see how it goes . 
  spoiler alert : it wo n't end well . 
  the megali idea lives again !, 
  hey , at least we had the courtesy to act ashamed and deny it !, 
   anal sex for many muslim men is not seen as homosexual as a gay man , all i can say is : wut, 
  amazing, 
  you hold cores in each other 's territory !, 
  but turkey 's infamy is really high right now . 
  might not be the best move . 
  yeah ? 
  what are they going to do , swim across the pacific ? 
  the pln is a joke .
