  they 're not going to bomb anybody . 
   i love how liberals are finally seeing that maybe things are n't as rosy when it comes to islam this is a sad state . 
  liberals should be in the front of the line . 
  as a liberal myself , i 'm alarmed at the left 's blatant disregard for the facts . 
  at least we have people like same harris , richard dawkins and bill maher talking reason . 
   so what ? 
  the us should not have been invading smaller nations . 
  the vietnam war was wrong . 
  while i definitely object to the vietnam war , it was precipitated by the north vietnamese invasion of south vietnam . 
  i know , it 's pedantic , but it 's still different . 
  we always have a carrier battle group off of china . 
   monologe of mindless ramblings by the hero of the story . 
  the further through the story you get , the more obvious it is that terry goodkind views himself as richard . 
  i did n't say she would win . 
  i said she had nearly a 90 % chance of winning . 
  nato troops are there as a trip-wire . 
  by engaging with nato forces , including american forces , it would be an automatic move to join the war . 
  should tanks roll into the baltics it would be automatic retaliation . 
   geneva conventions apply to signatories ** laughs in american **, 
  dude , we equipped and supported saddam for decades . 
  no matter how you look at it , the iraq war was a catastrophic mistake not even worth trying to defend . 
  it should never have happened . 
   we do n't have 800 bases around the world . 
  [ yes , we do . 
  and no , they do n't count golf courses . ], 
  ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2015/06/us-military-bases-around-the-world-119321 )  and that cost is estimated over decades we 've been at it for decades . 
  if you were to read the full source , we are currently around 1.1 trillion in iraq . 
  this is all well documented stuff . 
  none of it is secret . 
   fyi we do n't spend trillions overseas . 
  [ the cbo estimated that of the $ 2.4 trillion long-term price tag for the war , about $ 1.9 trillion of that would be spent on iraq ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_cost_of_the_iraq_war ) . 
  this excludes the cost of the nearly 800 military bases we have stationed around the world and our massive super carrier fleet . 
  yes , i think we could have spent all those hundreds of billions of dollars doing better things instead of completely destroying a nation and building resentment that will last a thousand years . 
  we ca n't defend half the world forever . 
  let them build their army . 
  this poses us no serious risk and we have a lot of other things we can spend the money on . 
  i 'll likely be voting for hillary in november , but i would still like to see our military significantly downsized . 
  we have a lot of needs at home that we need to take care of . 
  we ca n't afford to spend trillions over seas any longer . 
  not to mention you built some of the [ most beautiful battleships ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/littorio-class_battleship ) in the world . 
  to be fair , we 're not a great example . 
  north korea has all but abandoned communist ideology in favor of [ juche ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juche ) . 
   they are forcing businesses to pay a years tax up front in advance holy shit , small business does n't stand a chance, 
  as an american , this blows my mind . 
  our peoples have more in common than we want to admit . 
  because that 's totally what ( s ) he said . 
  sorry , we 're not quite sure what else to do with it . 
  that 's interesting as hell . 
  do you have a link for that ? 
  you need to flair up !, 
  how else can i justify my preconceived cultural assumptions ? 
   but it was n't nationally or ethnically greek it most certainly was . 
  enough that the west taunted the ` byzantines ' by calling them `` the empire of the greeks '' . 
  not to cross it , no . 
  but to supply , and defend their gains ? 
  absolutely they do . 
  and if they ca n't keep it , why go after it to begin with ? 
   really ? 
  yes , really . 
  do n't throw all of this on the neocons . 
  neoliberals are just as much responsible for our actions as anybody . 
  clinton is just as keen as maintaining us hegemony as bill kristol . 
  ah , the perpetual red china bogey man . 
   it 's looking increasingly likely that china is planning to annex taiwan within the next few years . 
  no it does n't . 
  china still does n't have a blue water navy . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  swim to taiwan ? 
  china is not going to risk a full blown war ( not to mention her economy ) with virtually all of her neighbors in addition to the us because of taiwan . 
  if conflict arises from china , it wo n't be over taiwan , it will be over this artificial island they 're building in the pacific . 
  china wo n't invade taiwan for the same reasons they have n't done so for over 50 years . 
  as for the island , if we wanted to wipe that island off the map , there 's not a goddamn thing they could do about it . 
   dod analysts are predicting that the us navy will suffer significant to heavy losses and may lose the war . 
  i want to see a genuine source from this . 
  nobody in the know truly believes we would lose a war with china . 
  the biggest fear is the loss of a few carriers before we take out their missile systems . 
  but * lose * ? 
  you overestimate both their technological capability and their national unity . 
  a few of their missiles are not enough to win a conventional war , especially as we maintain significant technical superiority in key areas . 
   kim jong-un making credible threats to kill everyone with nuclear missiles , among other concerns . 
  none of kim 's threats are credible . 
  he literally makes this threat on an annual basis . 
  this is why it is * not * credible and why he is not taken seriously . 
  nah , just enough so the eu has a place in the sun . 
   also , what about loyalty ? 
  why would a person from country x fight for country y ? 
  not long ago , the states had the same issue . 
  why would a georgia man fight for a new york man ? 
  over a hundred years later , that is no longer the case . 
  it just takes some time , i imagine . 
  what 's so delusional about a federalized europe ? 
  i was in paris this last summer , and i was told people would be rude about my terrible french . 
  the worst thing that would happen is a few people switched to english , but most people were polite . 
  well , except for that homeless guy who told me to `` go the fuck home '' when i refused to give him money . 
  or perhaps you do n't know the difference between military planning and * actually invading other countries * ? 
  `` european military plans '' ! = nato, 
  that 's right . 
  this is all a yankee plot . 
  it has nothing to do with annexing and invading other countries !, 
  nothing at all !,
