  erdogan will not attack nato . 
  i do n't know why this is always banded about . 
  it would be the end of him and he knows it . 
   they already threatened the us with war ( albeit indirectly ) if they do n't hand out g\u00fclen . 
  that 's cute . 
  apparently , being a muslim does n't count unless you 're a `` faithful '' one . 
   stop treating them like they 're some halfwit brutes . 
  if they stopped acting like halfwit brutes , they would n't be treated that way . 
  how would an electronic currency prevent corruption ? 
  you do n't find it the least bit fishy that the rebels were able to bomb buildings but did n't even try to intercept the plane ? 
   if trump has the personal characteristics that are said of him , and if he is elected , he may very well choose the wrong decisions and escalate things rather than calm things down absolutely . 
  all bets are off if this man is elected . 
  there is no guarantee that nukes would be used in the next major conventional war . 
  virtually no gas attacks were used in wwii , even in the most desperate hours , for fear of reprisal . 
  that same fear applies to nukes . 
  this is so distressing . 
  nato is a cornerstone of our strategic alliances . 
  trump probably has no clue how damaging his statements are . 
   but you hardly ( and by you i mean the westren media ) criticise their leaders as much as they do others . 
  you clearly are not overly familiar with our media . 
  i think you harbor a lot of prejudice at americans for the actions of their government and make the mistake that all americans somehow approve of it . 
  do you have a link for this ? 
  i know it 's hard to believe , but i can criticize * both * . 
   if testimonies from female asylum center workers are to be believed , that would weed out nearly all male asylum seekers , single or married . 
  and ... ? 
  do you really want such people in your country to begin with ? 
   yes but i would n't support rounding up the evangelicals in america just because a few engage in terrorist acts . 
  hell , half of them run the place . 
  no , we invaded iraq to remove wmds . 
  sure , the wmds were n't there , and the bits we found are the ones we gave to them . 
  but the whole `` democracy '' thing was n't used as a huge justification until after it was accepted that we were sold a lie . 
  that 's important , because it shows our intentions were far from benign . 
  america does n't purposefully bomb civilians either . 
  we have photos of him right next to very important soviet officials . 
  these photos are from western sources . 
  he may not have been head of the kgb or anything , but he was definitely not a nobody . 
  i 'm sure my texas accent will sound very weird in dutch . 
  i know my german already gets a few raised eyebrows . 
  yes , the us government is perfect !, 
  completely !, 
  no faults at all !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  is that what you want me to do ? 
  grow the fuck up . 
  you are a very angry person . 
  you have no idea who i am or what i do or what i am capable of . 
  i have family ties in both canada and europe and have a highly valued trade . 
  i 've been thinking of moving anyway , and this would be the final budge to make it happen . 
  but by all means , continue making assumptions about somebody you do n't know . 
  do n't worry , guys !, 
  we 're totally gon na make afghanistan awesome . 
  just give us another 10 more years . 
  we 'll get it right , i 'm sure . 
  hell , not only did bush not resign , he was re-elected on the premise that he made america * safer !, 
  i love the netherlands , but i 'll never get over reading your language . 
  it looks like somebody just pounded on the keyboard randomly . 
  i do n't think it was us this time . 
  we would never have allowed erdogen to live , much less circle freely around an airport for an hour . 
  do you think gulen headed the coup , or was simply used as a rallying cry ? 
  oh , please . 
  not but a hundred years ago most of you lot were playing the same game . 
  had you not destroyed yourself in two world wars , you 'd * still * be at it . 
  i 'm not going to try to justify our foreign policy because i have zero control over it . 
  i do n't even approve of it . 
  i 'm simply telling you how things * are * . 
  if we had been behind it , the coup would not have failed . 
  erdogen would have been killed within the first hour . 
  if not then , he would have been shot down as he was circling the airport . 
  now , let me ask again : what does the us have to gain in this coup ? 
  ** nothing . 
  ** which is why you completely avoided the question and started preaching at me . 
  no , trump is terrifying . 
  if he is elected ( unlikely ) , i will be emigrating to either canada or europe . 
  i think you overestimate our capabilities . 
  the monroe doctrine does n't apply to turkey . 
  latin america has been in the american sphere of influence for over a century . 
  if you are aware of this coups , you would see they were done only when we considered in our primary interest to do so . 
  for good or for ill , we do n't overthrow a government without a compelling reason . 
  turkey has given zero reason for such interference . 
  overthrowing a democratically elected president of a highly valued allied country is n't done lightly , or without reason . 
  we do n't just randomly overthrow governments . 
  we do it if it 's in our best interest . 
  tyrants , fascists , and murderers do n't phase us if you play ball . 
  erdogan has shown he plays ball just like everybody else . 
  the us gains nothing by overthrowing erdogan . 
  however , erdogan has * every * reason to put the blame on the u.s. to deflect any suspicion at home . 
  you 're welcome . 
  ( am i doing this right ? ), 
  i 'm sure the [ sword of osman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sword_of_osman ) would look dashing on him . 
  not because of the death penalty per se . 
  we do n't like dictators we didnt install and accusing us of being an accomplice in the `` coup '' was pretty insulting . 
  it 's just saber rattling really . 
  no nato countries were compelled by treaty in those conflicts . 
  i assure you , the usa does not give a single fuck about turkey joining the eu . 
  `` given away '' implies we could have taken it back . 
  that was not realistically possible . 
  i say we give it all back to the hittites !, 
  article 5 is only applicable if they 're attacked .
