  yes , it 's pretty sad . 
  i always ask the question to myself why it is like that , and i ca n't find an answer other than pretty believable conspiracy theories . 
  `` i went to school , got a job . 
  did my part , but still got robbed . '', 
   households are much richer than when boomers were born do you have a source for that ? 
  i 'm curious ( also after inflation of course ) . 
  because to be honest , i have a hard time believing it , considering * new * households . 
  there are still many boomers households that are already settled anyways . 
  i understand your point , but does n't that also have to do with culture ? 
  i 'm not saying women making a career is bad by any means , but it 's a pretty new thing cultural-wise that women work now . 
  some decades ago it was always the man working and the woman taking care of the kids . 
  the reason why women start a career now is because they need money , because they generally decide ( men as well though ) to marry/make kids at a much older age . 
  my personal opinion on this might be a bit conservative on this . 
  i 'm not religious , but i do see the value of a family based society ( opposed to a the more free ( as well as sexual ) society we live in today ; divorces are sky high , which results in even more people not having kids , because they 're scared of the consequences . 
  but yes , it still also has to do with the economy . 
  it 's really odd that in the efficient society we live in today it 's so expensive to support a family , while decades ago people could buy decent houses , get a good career without degree and also only have a single income ( the man ) . 
  the scary thing is ( puts in a tinfoil hat ) that this is all part of a globalist agenda . 
  i think it 's more about the fact that it 's always cloudy . 
  sunny days are pretty rare , even in the summer . 
  but it does n't mean that it has to rain when it 's cloudy . 
  true enough . 
  must be fun being able to get offended by some words , while with common sense you would understand what kind of people he 's talking about . 
  there is a reason why people compare the ones who are pro-refugee with left-wingers , because usually every pro-refugee is a left-winger . 
  i understand that it 's still not the same , but you could just not be so butthurt about it . 
  i do n't think it 's the americans actually . 
  but it could very certainly be a small group in america , the bankers/ones who have capital . 
  these are interested in globalization for the purpose of profits . 
  i mean , speak for yourself , but there definitely are people who know what they are doing . 
  definitely many of those who are considered `` global elites '' , who have great political power or in terms of money . 
  propaganda sounds like something from the past , but it 's happening everyday . 
  those who control the media , control the masses . 
  this whole set up ww2-guilt will backfire soon or later . 
  people are racist all over the world and use common sense in terms of immigration policies . 
  europe is just too afraid to be politically incorrect nowadays , which is probably made stronger by the fact that there 's social media . 
  just imagine if you voice an opinion that is not anonymous and spreads over a lot of people . 
  your life could easily be ruined ( losing youe job , social shaming ), 
  you hit the nail on the head with what i was trying to say . 
  i kinda worded it wrong , which probably got you confused . 
  it 's hard to articulate certain topics well , especially when it 's not my mother tongue ( but to be honest , i find it hard to express my words right in dutch as well ) . 
  denmark and the netherlands have , however , more heterogenity in favor of certain race ( or actually not race , i would call it a culture ) . 
  in my opinion comparing anything to the us is stupid , because they are a melting pot of races . 
  but every west-european country has a higher amount of muslim people than the us does . 
  comparing apples with oranges in terms of race ( read : different kinds of immigrants ) is stupid . 
  us immigrants are different than european ones . 
  things ca n't always be a one-way road , and with islam it seems very much like a one-way road . 
  tolerance for islam has been given for a long time now , but when will this tolerance be returned back to the host countries ? 
  i do n't see it happening . 
  slippery slope , bud . 
  `` fixing things '' . 
  and do you honestly believe germany is the only one ? 
  i edited it . 
  i am on my phone , so i thought just typing the sentence would be easier . 
  and yes it is a blurry line , i agree . 
  it is really hard to stay perfectly neutral , this article still does a very good job . 
  however , even if something is agreed to by the entire population , it is still a logical fallacy to call him a lunatic in an article . 
   calling donald trump a lunatic is n't seen as biased in any way here even if it is n't seen as biased , it certainly is n't really `` neutral '' . 
  it still is biased . 
  sorry but that 's just not true . 
  there are other countries that contribute more into the eu than germany does ( relatively ) . 
  it 's just that in absolute numbers , germany is often the biggest one since they also are one of the biggest countries ( population wise etc. ) . 
  and let 's not forget that germany decided to take in this mess on their own , while most other countries did not want this . 
  but merkel tried to force ( and succesfully does so still ) to give some of its burdens to other eu states , because they have more ( absolute ) power . 
  that 's why i do n't think the eu ( in its current state ) will never work , because smaller countries will always be germany 's bitch like this . 
  source on those claims ? 
   if they dont break the law : ^ ), 
  ah , i did n't know that bit . 
  i thought it was coca cola that made the santa claus a big thing . 
  my bad , i probably remembered it wrong / mixed up some things . 
  santa claus is the copy of sinterklaas . 
  some guy working for coca cola marketing got the idea for `` santa claus '' from the dutch tradition . 
  note how they 're pronounced almost the same , and the tradition also really looks the same ( some old bearded guy in a red suit giving presents to the kids ) . 
   sorta stops near alkmaar living in heerhugowaard , i can confirm . 
  more north is no good . 
  i am biased , but i do n't feel like heerhugowaard is past the line . 
  i do have some friends living more north , but yeah , most there are pretty `` boers/plat '' . 
  on campus in alkmaar it 's also really easy to spot who 's from past the line and who is n't . 
  yeah . 
  of course i think us/eu is part of the emmisions of china , but it 's not as big as many people make it out to be . 
  china is not only some factory for the west . 
  it 's ( consumer ) economy itself is also very big . 
  alright , i understand that the burden of proof is on me but i thought it was a reasonable agreed fact . 
  anyways i will link a source that proves that you 're wrong ( i 'm on my phone in the bus atm though , but finding a source was still very easy ) . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/middle-eastern-and-north-african-immigrants-united-states ( us has a total of 1.02 million middle-eastern immigrants , which is roughly 0,3 % of their population ) only providing this source would be enough to prove you wrong , because everybody knows that the current refugee crisis is even more than that amount that the us has ( and we 're not even counting the millions of immigrants that already live here ! ) . 
  to be honest i do n't know the credibility of the source , but it seems reasonably accurate if you follow politics in general . 
  if you would like to prove me wrong , then i 'd like to see some sources on those claims . 
  edit : seems like i did n't worded my sentence well on the earlier post . 
  i meant that europe deals with a lot more than the us does . 
  my apologies . 
  same can be said about europe ; there has been a lot of succesful integration for other cultures . 
  middle-eastern cultures do n't seem to fit in , though . 
  the usa deals with ** a lot less ** of middle-eastern immigration than europe does . 
  edit : i meant that europe deals with a lot more middle-eastern immigration than the us does . 
  it 's easy to overlook flaws in sentences when typing on a mobile . 
  fixed it . 
  your `` first hand research '' is still anecdotal , so it still does n't say much . 
  it only says somrthing about the ones in your neighbourhood and only the ones you talked to . 
  i 've talked to them as well and found the oppposite to be true . 
  but that also does n't say much , since it 's not based on facts/proper research . 
  just to add something to make it correct : it can be used with a capital letter . 
  it depends if the whole name is written or not .
