check your facts please . 
  this comment explained it well , i 'd recommend reading the rest of that thread as well for some more ( loose ) information here and there : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lfybp/netherlands_immigrants_on_welfare_graph/cv6d507, 
  the 496,000 `` dutch '' people is probably misleading . 
  immigrants get a dutch passport fairly easy here , or at least a lot faster compared to other countries . 
  so ethnically they 're still not all `` real '' dutch , but can also be people living here for such a long time that they were granted citizenship , 2nd/3rd/4th generation immigrants etc. . . 
  i 've heard great things about morocco and the people living there . 
  i really want to visit it sometime . 
  your story about how you 're ashamed of your fellow countrymen immigrated to europe is n't new for me though . 
  i hear it quite a lot , it 's weird that there 's such a difference . . maybe the cultures clash too much together when trying to integrate well , idk . 
  from my experience it 's the same with turks . 
  i love turks in turkey , i loved my vacation there . 
  but they seem very different people when they come here . 
  at least the 2nd or 3rd generation that is . 
  thus his message should stand apart from other things he says . 
  generalizing that every message from wilders is bad is the same as other bad generalizing . 
  his message should n't be wrong just because wilders is ( subjectively ) wrong . 
  you mean the chaos in budhapest with registrating immigrants a few days ago that eventually led to hungary opening the borders ( shengen ) because the crowd became uncontrollable ? 
  personally i had bad experiences with a lot of muslim immigrants , i am not going to lie about that . 
  and it 's not a `` any other ethnicy except whites '' - thing . 
  i ( in general ) like asians/hispanics for example . 
  but there is just a too big group of bad people in african and middle-eastern immigrants that make me not like them in general . 
  i still never prejudice individuals and most of them are still actually good people . 
  but the bad ones are just so much more present ( in numbers ) than at other immigrants , they ruin it for the good-willing . 
  and sorry for this sloppy english . 
  i ca n't put it into good sentences , not even in my native language . 
   yet when i walk through town , i see so many . 
  i wonder what they are doing during workdays ? 
  because i never see them on the workplace . 
  i meant to say that when i normally walk through town , i see so many immigrants . 
  when i am at work ( and i 've been to a lot of workplaces for my consulting job ) , i never see any . 
  which makes me wonder where they all are ? 
  i thought i wrote it correctly , but i guess i have to explicity tell it to you like this because you are apparently trying hard to find something to talk back to me . 
  because even if i did walk through town during a workday , i could 've just taken that day off , right ? 
  i 'm not even saying that it 's a race thing , is this an attempt to call me racist ? 
  but it kinda does show that somehow they do n't integrate here , even after several generations . 
  even though it might not be a race thing , the problem is still there . 
  perhaps a cultural thing ? 
  or a cultural thing that only applies to immigrants ? 
  because funnily enough , moroccans and turks in their own country do n't seem to be the kind of moroccans and turks i often encounter here . 
  our western welfare-system is just too easy to be exploited , and immigrants know that or will find out . 
  from my personal experience , his stereotypes are right . 
  why do i almost never see any at havo/vwo or hbo/wo ? 
  but vmbo/mbo is filled with them ? 
  and when i walk down the street late at night to see certain `` hangjongeren '' . 
  i also never saw any in an office or something like that . 
  maybe a few times in some easy administration job , but that 's it . 
  yet when i walk through town , i see so many . 
  i wonder what they are doing during workdays ? 
  because i never see them on the workplace . 
  note that i am talking in general , because i do know a * few * that are exceptions , just like in every stereotype there are enoigh exceptions . 
  it 's not the point that i 'm talking about . 
  why would those ukrainian refugees settle in a safe part in ukraine , when they can go to a richer country as well ? 
  ^ this is the same kind of logic that quite a lot of people ( including you ) try to defend about syrian refugees . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  nice ignorance . 
  alright , good for you . 
  in my neighbourhood i find it personally not , and that 's enough reason for me to be against the mass-immigration . 
  sounds indeed cocky , at least you 're self-aware . 
  we 'll see how this will go though . 
  to be honest i hope you 're right and it will be all ok . 
  but do n't come complain here when there will be higher taxes or more crimes in your neighbourhood etc. 
   not bothered by 100k of them in august alone , you understand that right ? 
  it 's to be expected for 800.000 over 2015 . 
  and what about after 2015 ? 
  although the past has shown us that many opinions do not actually change . 
  if their `` shit opinions '' did change , then people would n't be so much against it now . 
  they will keep dying when you allow this to continue as well . 
  both ways are n't right , but which one would be best over te long time you think ? 
  they stopped being refugees the moment they entered a safe country . 
  these people are in fact immigrants . 
  things like this will happen a lot more if the mass-immigration does n't come to an end . 
  so apparently it 's still safe enough in their country for the women and children to stay there quite a while longer . 
  honestly it does n't make sense to me . 
  i understand that there are plenty of refugees actually fleeing war , but are n't most of them just looking for a lazy life in europe ? 
  yeah , but that is n't enough . 
  go further north is what they 're told , because there everything is free . 
  they also all claim to have some kind of family/relatives living there . 
  i really do n't understand how people are still ignorant of some basic facts . 
  i would n't want to let them die either of course , but the way things are going now is just wrong . 
  i believe most people know the real problems , but are so far cuckolded into thinking that they / might / get called a racist , that they choose to stick their head into the sand . 
  i mean , people ca n't be that stupid to not see it , right ? 
  the card `` but think about the children ! '', 
  never fails , eh ? 
  world is tough , their parents are responsible anyways . 
  it is n't right , but accepting more is n't right either ( also because children will keep drowning by even more refugee boats ) . 
  africa is better of after european colonization than before . 
  just saying . 
  saying that the `` evil europeans '' owe them a lot is just utter bullshit . 
  ( native economy growth ) < ( native economy growth + immigration growth ) you are not wrong , but a bigger economy is not necessarily good for the native people in the country . 
  immigration is something politicians and businesses are interested in for economic purposes , but it might worsen the situation for the people already living there . 
  some examples : - more supply of cheap labour -  lower wages - more demand for houses -  higher house prices, 
  thanks for providing a source . 
  these do not give an image for new households though , or am i in mistake ? 
  and above all , these are us figures . 
  i am not sure how comparable they are with western-european ones . 
  i ca n't research more on this subject at the moment , as i 'm at work/on phone . 
  i will try to look more into it tonight . 
  this has a lot to do with cheap labour that we have because of globalisation . 
  even with a good degree , things are worse than when labour was n't so much outsourced . 
  all the more reason why importing even more cheap labour in this continent itself is a bad idea , it only serves the needs of a small rich group .
