  but remember that the eu has spent so much money in public buildings , roads , parks , infrastructure . 
  literally everywhere i got i can spot signs that state the budget of each project and how much of it was contributed by the eu , and most of the times it 's more than 50 % . 
  our universities and schools get grants , we have new museums and we are also part of a united europe . 
  the eu has done a lot for my country and that is something that most of us overlook because of the crisis . 
  major mistakes have been made not doubt , but saying that greece would be better off outside of the eu is just wrong . 
  in a world of globalisation , we 'd be fools to think that we would be remotely relevant by ourselves . 
  i 'd firstly like to point out that i am talking from a greek perspective . 
  the chances of my country returning to pre-2008 living standards in the next couple of decades are slim . 
  right now as a young adult in greece you 'd be happy to have a minimum wage job ( to put that into perspective , that 's roughly 3euros an hour ) . 
  add that to the fact that i 'll probably have to suck somebody 's dick in order to get a job on my field after i 'm finished with my degree , moving abroad sounds very very appealing . 
  as for the young adults in the uk , you have to understand that our generation feel very attached to the eu , unlike the older people , i actually feel like a european citizen , i want the eu to succeed and i want to live in it when it does . 
  i remember back in 2014 when greece had that joke of a referendum , where every politician had twisted it 's meaning into grexit or not . 
  i was scared shitless , even more so when the no vote prevailed , it was like watching the older generation ripping away my future because of some stupid nationalistic ideal . 
  except with brexit , this is the real thing , one way or the other the uk will be out of the eu . 
  i fully understand why people would want to move the continent in order to be part of the union . 
  if not for economic reasons , but because they love the idea of the eu . 
  then the winged hussars arrived !, 
  and where exactly should i pledge my loyalty to ? 
  the bunch of idiots that run my country ? 
  or should i completely cripple my career all for some sense of patriotism ? 
  i love my country as much as the other guy , but i want my family to be raised in better living conditions than the ones i myself was raised in , not worse . 
  you 're so beautiful , neighbor !, 
  i like to thing that even in such a scenario , the rest of the european union will step in and keep russia in check . 
  we are a union and we need to start acting like it , depending on the us might be viable now , but as these elections have shown us , things change and we need to be ready to stand up for our members . 
  it 's clearly our fault for geographically existing on the eu border !, 
  dude just fuck right off . 
  people like you are what 's wrong with greek society . '', 
  hurt durr we gave em democracy and civilization , they owe us '' . 
  no jack ass , nobody owes you shit , stop living in the past , our government agreed to relieve germany of her debt after the war because everyone knew they could n't pay it back . 
  nobody gives a flying fuck about what our ancestors did 3000 years ago . 
  today is what matters and today we need their help , and calling then hitler is n't making them any friendlier . 
  doing a quick search , the best data plan that you can get for 30 euros or under gives you 200minutes and 200mb for 24,40 $ . 
  pretty fucked up , if you ask me . 
  does anybody else think how nice it would look if some power washing company just went to town on this village ? 
  i bet it would look really really nice . 
   surprise surprise , nothing changed and things got a lot worse . 
  syriza are a bunch of idiots and do n't have a clue of what they are doing . 
  but you ca n't blame the people because they wanted to try their last resort . 
  from my post above  i 'll agree with you that we would have been better off if tsipras had never been elected . 
  but let 's not kid ourselves into thinking that we would have been out of the mess . 
  from another one of my posts above . 
  i never said that syriza did a good job , i never claimed that that tsipras was n't worse than the previous government . 
  in contrary , i actually said that `` they are a bunch of idiots that do n't have a clue '' . 
  and do n't compare us with spain , portugal or cyprus . 
  none of them are/were in as deep of shit as we are . 
  that actually could work against you even , since of all 4 countries , we had the most austerity and the least results . 
  mate , before you try to be edgy , realise that math and statistics only apply to things with hard data . 
  projections and predictions are not hard data . 
  you can draw statistics of last years budget , but you can not draw a statistic about next years , that 's called a projection . 
  also , if you read further i do admit that it we * probably * would have been better off , but sometimes people tend to speak about tsipras as if he 's satan himself and everything must be blamed on him ( i 'm not referring to / u/keldore here ) . 
  2 years later , all we can do is * assume * about * probable * results , another bailout was imminent and unavoidable and since samaras did n't get elected in 2015 , all you have in your `` math and statistics '' is projections , predictions and a * whole * lot of whataboutism . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced that greece would have been so much better off had samaras remained . 
  maybe we would n't have had that much capital leaving the country and possibly would n't have had capital controls , we ca n't really be sure about that . 
  but , let 's not forget that we had some pretty huge payments to make in summer 2015 and a bailout was required no matter the government and that bailout would not have come in cheap . 
  i 'll agree with you that we would have been better off if tsipras had never been elected . 
  but let 's not kid ourselves into thinking that we would have been out of the mess . 
  people who actually said those things ( i admit that there were people who genuinely believed those lies ) were hardcore socialists , the majority of people just saw tsipras as somebody different , a protest vote of some sorts along with the last hope that something would actually change . 
  pasok fucked us over , new democracy fucked us over , syriza was elected into power not because the majority actually believed in what tsipras was saying , but more so because people were fed up with the major parties and wanted to see if something would change if somebody else got elected . 
  surprise surprise , nothing changed and things got a lot worse . 
  syriza are a bunch of idiots and do n't have a clue of what they are doing . 
  but you ca n't blame the people because they wanted to try their last resort . 
  yeah , excuse me when i complain about getting fucked over dry for the last 7 years and then learning that i 'll be getting every * more * fucked over for at least the next 5 . 
  if you just want to come here for the museums , check airbnb and get a cheap room . 
  athens public transport is fairly good and you can travel with the metro to * most * places . 
  food is fairly cheap compared to the rest of europe , steer away from all the tourist shops and restaurants and you can get by with minimal spending . 
  nobody does anything out of charity , why would you expect china to be different ? 
  yeah , i think those were eu funded , because we used to have some very enticing tax cuts and grants here in greece , but after 2010 not only did the government stop them , but started taxing the hell out of everybody who set up solar farms . 
  for anybody wondering what the site of the specific organisation the article mentions is , it is the [ russian lgbt network ] ( https://lgbtnet.org/ ) which are also raising funds to directly support this cause . 
  i think you are looking too deep into this . 
  this is a video of a single priest who takes care of some graves . 
  this probably is n't state funded or has anything to do with the russian government , it 's just a single dude , doing something nice and a tv channel got wind of it . 
  greek politicians are in general in a level of their own as a whole . 
  the best thing you can do is just make your own . 
  the recipe is really easy , takes about 10minutes to make and costs about as much as you pay for yogurt ( for god 's sake , get the full fat one ) . 
  to me , 250g is hardly enough for 2 meals . 
  i usually drink beer when going out , so i ca n't really say for other drinks . 
  so here goes : 2x metro tickers = 2,8 $ 2x average price for 0.5 l beer = 12 $ 1x gyros = 2 $ total = 16,8 $ keep in mind , i live in athens and , generally speaking , it 's more expensive here than in the rest of the country . 
  it 's almost as if each country is n't a big homogeneous blob and even within countries customs differ from area to area ... 
  i guess we just have been to different places . 
  the only guest visits that i 've ever been to where everyone kept their shoes on were very formal visits . 
  the kind of visits that you go to with a nice shirt and tie . 
  over here the norm is that everybody expects you to take off your shoes but they still insist that you leave them on , even though they will be silently judging you if you do n't . 
  unless our government abandons the whole `` prepay next years taxes '' i doubt * any * company will want to come open up shop in greece . 
  not to mention the bureaucratic nightmare that is accompanied with doing pretty much * anything * here turns investors away . 
  that , along with the constant uncertainty and the absurd amount of bribery that has to take place in every step in the bureaucratic ladder means that nobody wants to do any business here anyway , too much hassle for a dead economy . 
  make the kalmar union great again !, 
  we 'll build a wall , and make the russians pay for it !, 
  i just think it 's a stupid system . 
  employers take advantage of it by not paying their employees and basing their salaries off of tips . 
  that 's just stupid in my opinion , just raise your prices a bit so that the salary of the person serving you is included in it . 
  then you wo n't have a culture where if you do n't tip you are literally satan and also the service workers will have an actual steady salary . 
  tipping exists in most european countries as well , in greece specifically , the standard tip is around 10-15 % of your total bill . 
  but the difference here is that tipping is not expected of you . 
  we do n't print out receipts with a blank space that says `` tipping amount : '' and wait for you to fill in the number . 
  the act of tipping exists as a way to reward exemplary service , meaning the worker actually went beyond what was just standard service . 
  we do n't tip workers just because they did a decent job , because they actually have a salary for that reason . 
  reading stories here on reddit about servers being openly rude to customers for not tipping is just horrifying and something that you 'll probably never see here in europe . 
  nothing , in greece the state provides the students with the textbooks that the professors choose to use for their courses . 
  well greece is n't really out of the ordinary like op requested . 
  also 24th of september is still pretty much full blown tourist season , so last minute bookings may be tough to come by .
