  protesting is a right , but hitting policemen that get paid some shit wage to stand there and get beaten is not . 
  shame on those protesters who think that if you do n't throw a couple of stones and punches you wo n't be able to get your point across . 
  you are correct in saying that the photo is looking at the opposite direction . 
  but still , the main building in the picture no longer exists . 
  i googled around and found out that it was a municipal theater that was built in 1886 and was in use up until 1938 . 
  then in 1939 it sustained structural damages and was demolished the following year . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/43/athens_-_kotzia_square_and_city_hall_-_20060508.jpg ) is the building that now stands in it 's place . 
  fun fact : i actually had to google that image . 
  apparently , it 's [ kotzia square ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/132090808.jpg ) in athens , and if you ask me , it does n't resemble what we have today at all : /, 
  how come we do n't get to have cool paintings like these from athens ? 
  :( damned ottomans , you ruined everything !!, 
  think of all the karma we would 've been reaping right now ... 
  mate , i appreciate that you took the time to write down your thoughts . 
  but the parent comment was sarcastic , nobody is accusing germany of being racist ( at least not on this comment chain ) . 
  the `` woosh '' that i wrote in the earlier comment is the written expression of when something flies over your head , meaning that you missed the joke . 
  i 'm gon na be honest here , whenever i open these types of maps all i check to see is if we did better than turkey ... and on that note ... suck it turkey !!!, 
  hellas numbah one ! 1 !, 
  going by the article , it would appear that it was indeed the pkk . 
  although that is taken from a quote and not actually stated by the news agency . 
  nevertheless , i hope the casualties stay low . 
  hey man , at least i hear you guys have good internet in your gypsy tents !, 
  i find it sad that you feel that way . 
  it seems ever since 74 any notion of unification has died down . 
  having lived in nicosia for two years , a big part of the population seemed to agree with you . 
  nobody ever said anything about you being a foot , we are brothers , cretans , macedonians , thracians and all the other folks do n't feel like just an expansion to attica , do n't see why you would either . 
  the police officer never attacked the american ambassador , where is the proofs ?!, 
  this is just american capitalist pig propaganda , russia did nothing wrong !!, 
  they have , it would seem that we are spending the same amount of money on our defense if you look at it from gdp % , but keep in mind our gdp has been free falling . 
  i really hope they do go on the holiday , that sounds amazing !, 
  on one hand i am very sad , because this is a clear example of elderly people with backwards beliefs fucking over the younger generation one more time . 
  then i am afraid of what will happen to the uk ( breaking up , recession ) , but i am also excited to see what this will stir up in the eu . 
  will matters take a turn for the worse or for the best ? 
  i really have no clue whatsoever , and that makes it exciting . 
  must have been some damn good noise isolating headphones if he thought a rocket striking his house was fireworks . 
  damn that must suck , does turkey have any other alternatives to paypal ? 
  hey there estii , need somebody to talk to ? 
  still at the top , baby !, 
  greece number 1 !, 
  the past 7 years have taught us that austerity does more bad than good . 
  the debt is not sustainable , there needs to be debt relief ( restructuring , however you want to call it ) , not more austerity . 
  sure , let me just sit idly by while they impose a shit load more of austerity measures , because that has been proven to work !, 
  i just found out about this , i never knew i needed this so much in my life !, 
  yeah that sucks big time , 10 years ago all the conscripts fired actual ammunition and even trained with hand grenades and explosives . 
  now everything has gone to shit . 
  fortunately , our government has n't completely shit on our special forces , they still fire actual rounds and stuff ... 
  see ? 
  we 're one step ahead of you , we never stopped calling it constantinople !, 
  i 'm sure most people would give their defense a priority if they were neighboring turkey too . 
  the olympic games are a net loss because they are housed in different countries every time and you need to build the infrastructure to house them . 
  having them be in one place would eliminate the need for constantly building new stadiums for the sports . 
  i personally would be a fan of one idea that was floating around in this sub reddit last time the olympics were being discussed . 
  have all the stadiums and halls required built in greece and then allow whichever country is chosen to `` house '' them decorate/organise them as they please . 
  although i can see other countries not really liking that idea , as it kind of takes away of `` hosting '' the olympics . 
  i 'd like us to continue aegean missions so that maybe turkey remembers that we are supposed to be united ... 
  oh wow , i did n't know that such a `` fine '' existed . 
  yeah that would totally explain this statistic . 
  orthodoxy stronk !, 
  mate , i 'm not misinformed . 
  i live in athens and have been to exarchia quite a few times . 
  the place is decadent , especially the main square pretty much reeks of weed and alcohol . 
  even in broad daylight you can see junkies just hanging around in corners . 
  now , you may find that kind of place `` cozy '' if you are into that sort of thing , but i can not in any way describe such a place as `` the coolest '' neighborhood in greece . 
  try being a policeman and going on a walk there , good luck with that . 
  apparently they think all the graffiti is cool . 
  also , they must think the anarchists are somehow friendly and welcoming of tourists ... 
  seriously if any european wants to actually visit there , make sure you go there with a local and during the day . 
  it 's pretty stupid how expensive our highways are . 
  if i recall correctly , in order to drive from athens to thessaloniki , which is about a 6-8hr drive , you 'd have to pay about 50 euros just in toll fees . 
  a bus ticket would be cheaper than just the toll fees . 
  he just circled the areas where there is a notable muslim minority . 
  and no it 's not some sort of joke , he 's just being an ass . 
  cities like xanthi and komotini have large muslim communities without many issues , if at all . 
  i mean , we should better just revoke the privilegia , expand like crazy and then just one tag right before the world is about to end . 
  well , we do have neo-nazis in our parliament ... 
  [ greek defense spending \\ ( % gdp \\ ) ] ( http://www.ellinikos-stratos.com/images/arthra/dapanes-hellas.jpg ) , this is up until 2009 , before our economy started shrinking so much . 
   `` trump spoke to mr. tusk and mixed us up , '' said juncker , taking a jab at the american billionaire 's grasp of his new role . 
  `` that 's the thing about international politics , '' he said . 
  am i the only one that is upset that the president of the united states confused the president of the commission with the president of the council ? 
  i mean , you 'd expect a world leader to not make such mistakes , or at least expect his team to correct him . 
  while your calculations are correct , you also need to take into account that you need personnel to man these weapons , you also need personnel to train the other personnel on how to use them . 
  you also need more personnel and facilities to maintain these weapons and you also need facilities to store and guard these weapons . 
  while on paper your calculations may make these seem as `` cheap '' , the reality is far different from what you are describing . 
  also , since there currently is no active `` war '' nor do we plan on declaring one anytime soon , it would be foolish to just build all these weapons and then just have them sitting around doing some recon missions every now and then just to see if they still function . 
  long story short , it would take about tenfold the cost of what you are describing just to * have * these weapons under our control , if you actually wanted to operate them the price would be * very very far * from your original estimations . 
  * hellenism intensifies *, 
  mate , speaking from a greek and cypriot perspective , any government that allows turkey to enter the eu would have committed political suicide . 
  turkey is light years away from joining the eu , and that is not just because we do n't want them , but also because they do n't want us . 
  eu popularity is pretty low in turkey . 
  thank you for sharing this with me , although in my original comment i meant a statistic with a percentage figure of the us against the entirety of the world . 
  my wording was n't really adequate to describe what i was asking . 
  i 'd like to see a map like this comparing the us with the rest of the world . 
  the letters '' \u03b7 , \u03b9 , \u03c5 '' as well as the combinations '' \u03b5\u03b9 , \u03bf\u03b9 '' are all pronounced the same in greek and sound similar to the first `` i '' and the `` y '' in the word `` dictionary '' . 
  pff , my 50mpbs connection is just fine !, 
  right guys ? ^ right ? ^ :(, 
  orthodoxy stronk, 
  do n't even think about it / r/italy , the answer is still no . 
  i hope people do n't mind me posting this , but i 'd like to give a shout-out to the [ eu commission youtube channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/eutube ) since this is how i found out about the solidarity corps myself . 
  they have regular uploads about stuff being done by the eu but unfortunately do n't reach very far since they only have about 38k subscribers . 
  * gasp * `` you sick fuck ! '', 
  yes , the eu did handle the economic crisis badly , and we should n't have joined the eurozone .
