slices of the cheese have been sent to the forensic 's lab in order to determine it 's age and origin . 
  well it 's no surprise since we 've been under pretty much the same occupations and have been neighbors forever . 
  it 's no wonder all the albanian immigrants blend and integrate so easily into the greek society and vice versa . 
  yes it is , summer season starts late april until late september-early october . 
  great , now they 'll cut our minimum wage by at least another 30 beers ... 
  this guy knows too much , off with his head !, 
  i agree with this , but more austerity is n't going to fix that . 
  a better way to tackle tax evasion will , so far for the past 5 years of `` reforms '' there has n't been any significant change in how we handle tax evasion . 
  that and also a way to fix the broken average person 's opinion that paying taxes is optional . 
  it 's about free for me , since my grandfather has olive trees  . 
  i really do n't get why everybody tries to put a different context into the referendum . 
  nowhere in it does it ask `` do you wan na stay in the eu ? 
  '' , all it says is `` do you agree to this deal ? '' . 
  saying no is just rejecting that particular deal . 
  it 's like ordering pizza , and your friends who 's calling the pizza place asks if you want pepperoni , if you answer `` no '' that does n't mean you 'll order chinese food instead , you can still choose another topping for your pizza . 
  haha , joke 's on them !, 
  i do n't even have any money to withdraw !, 
  i really hope you never get to the position where you have to chose between these two choices a ) have something to eat and b ) have a roof over your head . 
  sincerely , go fuck yourself, 
  yeah , i understood all the money and the car keys are a result of bribery . 
  what i was asking is , what 's this guys ' story , whom are these bribes from ? 
  judging from the amount of money and the fact that he owned a couple mercedes and jeeps , this money did n't come from poor town folk looking to avoid jail time . 
  context ? 
  no deal is reached on monday , the greek government decides to take drastic measures increasing the vat % for souvlaki and ouzo to a staggering 40 % . 
  greek debt is paid in full by 2018 . 
  a lot of countries have seen what war can do , greece included . 
  in my opinion , most of the greeks polled would have probably imagined that the hypothetical war they would be going to would be against turkey , because `` we '' generally do n't like turkey . 
  in my opinion , you people are being waaaaay over dramatic about things . 
  living in greece myself and having served my time in the military , all i have to say is : i fucking loved it . 
  i got to shoot fucking rifles 2 times a week , go on stimulation missions and objectives , i learned to rapel , i jumped off a plane/helicopter with a parachute , met a ton of amazing people which now consist of most of my close friends , not to mention the fact that i felt like a fucking bad ass wearing the green beret + paratrooper wings and overall was an amazing experience that to this day i hope was longer . 
  some of you talk about slavery , i do n't know what happens in your countries but me and my colleagues where treated with the utmost respect from my superiors , the food was amazing ( honestly sometimes it was better than my mothers ) . 
  and also about the whole sex issue , honestly women like it or not would not physically be able to perform most of the tasks we were given there . 
  in a real war scenario i 'd hate to be wounded , have my colleagues be female and them not being able to carry me ( to those who say neither men would be able to , you are wrong , it 's surprisingly easy once you 've tried it ) . 
  mediterranean diet my ass , gyros too good . 
  i honestly believe he made the right choice . 
  i do n't know exactly how i would 've reacted upon being diagnosed with his condition , but i hope i 'd have the courage to die with dignity . 
  the laws prohibiting assisted suicide are just stupid , this is an entirely personal decision to make and no government/court should have the authority to deny you your dignity . 
  i 'd hate to be a burden to my family for the rest of my life just because of some illness , no matter how short that life would be . 
  what makes us human is our ability to communicate with each other , converse , laugh , all those things . 
  if you ca n't do most if any of those things , then what is the point ? 
  that man was right , had he not gone through with his decision he would 've have lived on the expense of his family and he himself and all his family members would have suffered so much more from taking care of him than to just mourn him . 
  all in all , he left this life with his head held high , and that is more than a man can ask for in his death . 
  well , you 're not really asking the most well informed greek , as a 20 yo uni student most the stuff that 's happening does n't directly affect me so i find it hard to remember them and actually cite them when needed . 
  that being said , they have changed how tax debtors can pay off their debt , which resulted in [ 135 million euros collected in april ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/05/13/greek-budget-revenue-up-15-2-in-april%e2%80%8f/ ) . 
  they have halted privatizations of public services and `` re-negotiated '' the privatizations of the port of piraeus and some airports . 
  rejected the 10-20 % pension/salary cut that troika was planning ( at least for now ) . 
  started to actually negotiate the austerity measures that creditors want instead of just signing papers given to them ( looking at previous governments ) and also finally mentioned the war reparations issue . 
  i guess the last two statements could be taken as `` bad '' behavior from certain parties , but honestly i think the past 6 years have shown that the austerity system did n't really work and that further introducing such measures will make matters worse . 
  are they the best government ? 
  nope , but i still stand by my vote and think that given the situation , they are the `` less worse '' option for greece right now . 
  god , this is getting old really quick . 
  it 's like a freaking soap opera `` will greece run out of money ? 
  have the creditors had enough ? 
  stay tuned to find out ! '', 
  why is this marked as nsfw ? 
  i honestly think in our day and age a good internet marketing campaign would be worth a lot more than some signs on the side of the roads or `` spam '' mail ( because i do n't think too many people actually read those ) . 
  something along the lines of click-bait titles and social media advertising would , in my opinion , bring a lot attention to the person i 'm promoting . 
  as far as those `` this is what i 'm going to do when i 'm elected '' lists , i 'd probably be more willing to read on of those on my screen while sitting on my chair with nothing better to do than stand on the side of the road and try to read it off of a banner . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i 'll just sit over there in that corner with my 24/1 down/up ... 
  but , but ... but gyros :'(, 
  thank you turkey for baklava . 
  i do n't get it , were they doing something illegal ? 
  the men 's reactions seemed a little over the top and would justify a lawsuit . 
  a pretty stupid thing to do on behalf of femen , but jeez you do n't have to choke the women in order to make them shut up . 
  nobody is as innocent as they claim to be . 
  but pointing fingers to others helps keep the eyes off of you . 
  `` children deserve a mother and a father '' , but fuck those orphans lol yolo . 
  yeah , the `` issue '' with rakomelo ( what you drank ) is that it is served quite hot and you can gulp it down pretty quick w/o realising just how much alcohol you just had . 
  then you try to stand up from your chair and you then realise you 're pretty damn drunk :p . 
  yes yes , post your scenery , my wallpaper collection is hungry . 
  most people barely make by , others live with their parents and/or receive some sort of help from their parents . 
  makes a lot of sense for athens in greece . 
  nobody wants to live here but is forced to in order to find a job . 
  estimated 5 million people out of a 11 million total population live in athens . 
  living here is a lot more stressful than if you were to live in the countryside . 
  spanish to me sounds like incomprehensible greek . 
  a few months ago i was listening to the tv without actually looking at the screen and when this [ advertisement ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfh0e-xxtes ) came on , i was like '' wtf is that guy saying '' . 
  makes a lot of sense if you compare it to a [ geographical map ] ( http://osialb.org/italygeo.jpg ) of italy . 
  people always prefer a nice plain instead of a mountain . 
  we have been having really warm weather even for greece up until now , so i 'd speculate this will be going on at least until mid november . 
  also , `` bathing season '' usually starts at may , so i guess determined migrants would n't mind swimming in april . 
  no it does n't make it misleading . 
  it says so right on the title of the image with the big letters : `` support by the members of european parliament for more eu integration in defense policy - by country '' . 
  european empire by 2030 , you heard it here first folks !, 
  that seems way too imbalanced imo . 
  i think these clusters would need a strong leader each . 
  something like france leading the cluster with spain and portugal , germany leading the cluster with the nordics and the baltic . 
  poland leading the v4 and italy leading the rest of the south . 
  if this ever happened in greece it would be hilarious to see all these high profile lawyers , doctors and other upper class professions declaring minimum wage . 
  man , such a shame that [ this cat ] ( http://www.choratravel.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/mnjcnuj.jpg ) died this year . 
  he would have been the best candidate . 
  we 're lit , fam !, 
  we get it , you vape ... 
  jokes on you , my wage is so low i do n't even * have * to pay taxes !, 
  nah man , i 'm not poor , reddit told me so . 
  time to go buy some groceries with all this karma i 've got . 
  damn , you sound like a typical greek already !, 
  why is it a shameful act ? 
  those pensioners were throwing stuff/rocks , hitting the policemen and then tried to topple over one of the buses .
