is turkey european enough to be a valid answer here ? 
  the usual then . 
  apparently , around 600-1000 of them . 
  here a [ google translated article ] ( http://translate.google.it/translate?sl=it&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fespresso.repubblica.it%2fdettaglio%2fsorpresa-litalia-e-piena-di-lupi%2f2201485&amp;act=url ) . 
  i 'd say that the president of the republic ( not just napolitano ) is the most popular politician in italy . 
  he is the symbol of the republic , a sort of noble father ( or grandfather ) to everyone . 
  he is required to be neutral and to safeguard out constitution . 
  he has some power but he does n't make laws so he is not the one screwing people . 
  so , our president is usually well liked , especially in a time like this in which parties are n't trusted at all . 
  napolitano was liked for most of his time as the president for these reasons . 
  he had a couple of problems though : 1 . he signed some shameful laws on the first time that were then deemed uncostitutional by the constitutional court ( every law has to be signed by the president , but he can refuse to sign them once if those go against the constitution . 
  that is a strong signal . 
  anyway , the parliament could still bring them back to him without a change and he has to sign them on the second time ) . 
  2 . there were some phone interception between him and a former minister that could have been relevant in a trial about some deals between the state and the mafia in the early '90s . 
  those has been destroyed without listening to them . 
  it looks like he has something to hide or someone to protect . 
  napolitano is still well liked ( i like him too ) . 
  but he has been made president again and that is the first time it has happened . 
  fourteen years in charge of a country are too many . 
  also , he has been chosen because the parties could n't choose ( well , the partito democratico could n't choose , the others had a clear idea ) . 
  finally , the voters of the pd were asking for another guy , rodot\u00e0 . 
  the guy that was supported by the small ally of the pd , sel . 
  and , also , the guy who was supported by the new party in the parliament , the movimento 5 stelle of the ex-comedian grillo . 
  there is no love lost between grillo and half of the old leaders of the pd , so the pd did n't want to support rodot\u00e0 . 
  this has created an internal feud among the leaders of the pd that led to an epic failure during the vote and the resignation of them all . 
  in this time of desperation , they asked the only one they all trusted to be president again . 
  so he is now a president that reminds people of how things has gone wrong . 
  so , most people ( or the most vocal ) would have liked rodot\u00e0 as the president . 
  as far as real politician ( the ones we love to hate ) the most popular are renzi ( the most right wing of the centre-left ) , grillo and ( still ) berlusconi ( not in order of popularity here ) . 
  probably the pd will split in two with its left wing merging with sel . 
  it may be interesting to notice that after the whole suicide of the pd , today we had a regional election in friuli-venezia giulia ( a small region on the border with slovenia ) . 
  many where wondering if the m5s would have won its first region . 
  instead , the pd won . 
  their candidate was anyway a young woman who has been opposing the old pd leaders for a long time . 
  also , only 50 % of the people voted . 
  we ca n't right now . 
  we need a president of the republic first , he is the one with the power to dissolve the chambers ( i wonder if it 's the correct translation in english for `` send the mps home '' ) . 
  that 's what we are trying to elect right now . 
  actually ( warning : this is just a wild speculation on my side ) , this could actually lead to a government being made earlier . 
  the pd is divided is two factions , half of it wants to ask for the 5 stars ' help to form a government on some shared ideas , the other half ( well , less than half , but relevant ) wants to govern with berlusconi . 
  bersani got caught in the middle : he promised to his voters `` never with berlusconi '' and that 's is what everyone voting centre-left wants ( with the exception of that group of mps entrenched on their chairs in the parliament ) , but also fought fiercely against grillo ( and grillo fought even more fiercely against him ) . 
  so everything will depend on who will take the lead after him . 
  now they really look without a direction . 
  for this presidential election first they proposed the name of marini , a guy liked by berlusconi , with the aim of forging a government with his party , popolo delle libert\u00e0 . 
  the pdl voted marini and the pd split itself and did n't vote him . 
  today , after an assembly of theirs mps , they decided unanimously for the strongest name they hald , former president of the council and of the european commission prodi , ignoring theirs ally , sel , asking for the candidacy of rodot\u00e0 , because grillo is asking for the same name and they did n't want to concede to them , with the hope of getting some needed votes from some people of the m5s or the monti 's party , scelta civica . 
  what happens ? 
  an internal feud , 25 % of them did n't vote for the very same guy they nominated earlier ( for the presidential election the vote is secret ) . 
  now their secretary and their president are resigning . 
  the m5s had promised full support for a government this morning if the pd voted for rodot\u00e0 , but who knows what they will do after this self inflicted shitstorm ? 
  anyway , whatever the direction the pd take , they will make a government . 
  if they go with grillo , the government will probably be short , they will make some of those shared reform as the electoral reform ( the law we have now is foolish ) and the law on the conflict of interests ( so berlusconi wo n't be eligible ) . 
  i 'd say the government will be short lived because grillo has got most of his voters saying that he is different from the others and will not mix . 
  if they choose to go with berlusconi , they will alienate a lot of their voters forever . 
  maybe the governemtn will last longer because the day it falls will be the day all their voter will vote grillo . 
  the pd has to form a government . 
  it is necessary now if we want to constitute one ( majority of seats in the chamber of the deputies ) and wo n't get any vote if they go to an election after this trainwreck . 
  i do n't know who would be able to win between berlusconi and grillo . 
  both are bound to get more votes . 
  anyway , it could still be possible that no majority is to be found thanks to our electoral law ( explicitly written to even out the results of the 2006 elections so that the pd would n't have a clear majority back then ) . 
  i could explain it better than with this rant , but now i 'm just really angry at this guys giving berlusconi another chance to survive . 
  tl ; dr the democratic party could be lost forever . 
  we do n't know if it will be grillo or berlusconi to benefit from its downfall . 
  if yesterday was crazy , today has been even crazier, 
  i was thinking something weird was going on since i 've just learnt in spanish class about andalusia that `` naranja '' is a word coming from the arabs and then i see in the map the arabs themselves do n't use the word . 
  thank you for pointing out they have different words for different oranges . 
  i want to believe that the absurd candidacy of marini is a cunning plan by the democratic party to allow bersani to resign cleanly after a `` failure '' and move on someone new for the next government + elections . 
  but i guess they are just being stupid . 
  in italy olanda is the common name to use , unless in formal speech . 
  then it 's paesi bassi . 
  however , a person living there and the language he speaks are called olandese every time . 
  an even less interesting fact is that we can move the accent in ucraina ( ukraine ) wherever we like . 
  both ucr\u00e0ina and ucra\u00ecna are accepted . 
  in italian `` elvetico '' is one adjective for swiss , but `` svizzero '' is more largely used ( and `` svizzera '' for the country ) by the way , `` svizzera '' is also used as a synonym for hamburger . 
  and we will have almost everyone with a chance to vote on such a subject when they ( well , me too ) do n't know a single thing about how everything works . 
  oh god -_-, 
  i 'm actually really worried that after the possible upcoming failure in creating a government , the 5stars will get even more votes . 
  i feel that after this other defeat voters of the centre-left will be even more disappointed in their parties that should have won easily and managed to fuck up even this election and they will be more willing to add their vote to the protest . 
  [ let 's up it again !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwsqdz_nthq ), 
  let me guess : you are not from tuscany . 
  here * crostini neri * ( a sort of chicken liver pat\u00e9 on bread ) are the most common food to start a dinner at a restaurant and also very common for any dinner with guests . 
  the campaign is bad , yes . 
  but why ? 
  he has n't really changed his ideas since he came to power . 
  what has changed ( imho ) is that he is no more celebrated as the saviour of italy but he is now the bad guy who put on an unpopular tax ( for berlusconi ) or the guy who left lots of people without work ( for the left ) . 
  both the major parties left him the hot potato to rescue italy whit drastic measures ( ymmv on his success ) and then went to this election with their renewed virginity ( especially the right , since the left will probably need monti 's vote to govern and they are keeping their door open ) . 
  monti is attacked by both sides and being a `` new guy '' , he is not getting many votes from people who voted other parties . 
  actually , his votes are almost all from people who already voted his allies . 
  the `` now is a politician '' is also a factor . 
  hearing everyday that politician are bad , are all the same and we need young blood wo n't help the old man that shifted from technocrat to politician . 
  he built a political platform . 
  he brought us the austerity europe asks for . 
  you can guess than after years of overspending and enjoying it the guy who stood up and said : `` you know , we ca n't go on like this , we are broke '' and put new ^ 1 taxes wo n't be liked . 
  it is not that monti has no agenda , the problem is that people do n't want to hear messengers of bad news and will believe to everyone saying them things they hope for . 
  ^ 1 the new house tax is n't new at all . 
  it was there until the prodi government removed it for the lowest incomes and then berlusconi removed it for almost everyone . 
  the latter move made municipalities broke . 
  then the very same berlusconi voted it back in 2011 ( but not on the first house and starting in 2014 ) and monti changed it on every house starting in 2012 . 
  all the major parties voted it , but now berlusconi persuaded people that he had nothing to do with it .
