  yea and they are from the region , why is this so hard to understand ? 
  sams are inanimate objects, 
  dugin is a more or less intelligent person , but his ideological convictions undermine his legitimacy in the eyes of the people who are familiar with him, 
  most people fighting in the area were n't sent , the majority are locals to donbass with help from private parties that want to fight for them from russia and beyond , russian military involvement was confined to a couple of strategic events, 
  because of that glorious flow of western aid straight into the pockets of their elites , if you have n't noticed by now . 
  there 's a reason none of the color revolutions actually lasted for long , they were all failures in terms of providing seriously meaningful change . 
  and russia might not own ukraine , but it will always be a constant influence no matter who might dislike it . 
  if you have the time , [ watch this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzx8ceho1pu ) . 
  these experts present some general guidelines for meaningful collaboration on the future of european security , and it involves all sides to suck it up and to accept truths, 
   however , it 's those countries own choice who to deal with countries are n't people , they do not make up their mind , they are made up of people who have agendas . 
  in the case of ukraine for example , we have had 3 major shifts in policy that have done very little to reform the country , all it did was advance the interests of the individuals backing the movement at the time . 
  ukraine ca n't choose who its neighbors are and what their history is , no matter how many streets they rename in bandera 's honor , russia will always have an influence in ukrainian affairs, 
  i do n't think russia will * join * the west per-se , but it definitely has the opportunity for better relations , but that can only occur once all sides have a long and frank conversation about a mutually beneficial framework for interaction in europe, 
  kyrgyzstan had a color revolution , followed by a counter revolution , that is n't a pretty good game , that 's being slightly better than ukraine, 
  you are missing the point . 
  putin or no putin , russian strategic policy is russian strategic policy , there is no scenario of competent government that would have allowed the color revolutions and nato expansion attempts to continue . 
  the sooner europe understands this , the sooner we can come to some sort of agreement , prayin putin away is delusional and makes everything worse for everyone, 
  tbf while the french were weak for not following through it was the british who were the egregious offenders, 
  you people care wayy too much about dugin, 
  even in the uk example , there are indian origin cuisine that was created [ in the uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chicken_tikka_masala ), 
  when 's the last time you 've been ? 
  there has been a massive pedestrian campaign going on for the past 4 years , they 've added space to sidewalks and turned some streets entirely pedestrian in the centre, 
  what you experienced is the holiday security regime that goes up in lieu of previous terrorism threats that specifically target the holiday season , we 've had islamists plan to attack the areas several times of the years , the security checks provide a security theater that shows that something is done, 
  oh bullshit , you all will believe what you want to believe , and if you think random self-identifying russians are going to the trolls you paranoid lot are suspecting everyone of being , then you need to step back from the internet and talk to human beings to realize what direct human communication is like, 
  why the fuck is n't / u/baneken being removed either , how is calling someone a shill not a personal attack ? 
  since when does / r/europe have such a hardon for the liberty of russian ethnic nationalists ? 
  why would you * want * those people to have a voice ? 
  you 're the one comparing him to hitler , nationalists tend to not be exactly tolerant of other nationalities . 
  calling putin a nationalist is absolutely retarded, 
  hitler tried to exterminate eastern europe you piece of shit, 
  you ca n't just take some facts and disregard others as you please , the facts that i listed already disqualify putin from being any sort of aggressive nationalist, 
  none of the bullshit you wrote would even identify a nationalist , what dictionary are you reading ? 
  he certainly wants a unified russia ( hence the `` united russia '' part name ) , and i guess if you define nationalism as such then of course he would fall under that category , but then any country 's leader would fall under that category , including any national leader , including the proponents of a united `` european culture '' right here on this sub . 
  personally , such love and respect for the entity that unites diverse peoples through history and law for a sovereign state and its predecessors is more like patriotism rather than nationalism , as russia historically was and is made up of so many different national groups that it 's hard to call it a nation , something that seems so monolithic , and it 's reflected in the federal organization of the state , even if symbolic at times . 
  whereas you has the us with completely equal ( de-jure ) states , in russia we not only have regions , but also republics which serve the role of the homeland of its titular nation . 
  this of course does n't mean that people strictly live in their national land , quite the opposite , but the state ( de-jure ) recognizes that some of the land is to be influenced by the people who were there first , even if it is a part of russia, 
   there are many russian nationalists and even nazi fighting in ukraine now . 
  no doubt they are , and sometimes even dying , which means the violent radicals do n't cause problems at home  there are many nationalistic organizations currently functioning in russia as they do worldwide , that does n't mean they have power beyond beating up foreigners in the shadows  many right parties in the west are funded by kremlin . 
  so far i only saw fn be funded by a russian bank that went under . 
  if your narrative that russia is their ideological funding and the bank was kremlin , why did the kremlin cut off funding to their ideological ally  none of that is possible without explicit support from kremlin ( and its chief ) the kremlin is n't some omnipotent being capable of seeing and funding all , if it was we would n't have constant reaction to events as opposed to instigation, 
  nope , uncensored, 
  then what the hell is russia doing between the two ? 
  shoddy ass journalism, 
  [ read here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5morgg/russian_treachery_is_extreme_and_it_is_everywhere/dc61xy2/ ), 
  putin and his administration has worked to actively persecute the most pronounced of ethnic nationalists in russia , banning nationalist parties and actively working to divide them into opposing camps so that they ca n't organize into any coherent bloc . 
  putin also has a significant amount of non-russkiy people in key positions of power , including but not limited to the mod , the mofa , and the mayor of moscow . 
  putin is also often accused of being a secret jew by the anti-semitic nationalists for being more cordial to israel , and he meets with key religious figures from russia 's 4 traditional faiths from time to time . 
  he 'd have to be the most retarded ethnic nationalist alive , which is n't saying much given the retarded views of many ethnic nationalists . 
  abandon all hope with these westerners , they have incredibly discriminatory views on what 's `` european '', 
  it was better off , because the ussr was helping it significantly with infrastructure projects and economic growth, 
  putin has to be the opposite of nationalist , and the fact that this narrative continues to be perpetuated on this sub speaks levels of the ignorance of russian politics on a fundamental level, 
  this would make more sense if they decided to merge it with gosuslugi at least , although technically rostelcom still wants to act as a company not a government entity, 
  what the fuck is this bullshit , google is n't blocked in russia, 
  the same applies to russian people born abroad , the process is incredibly annoying even if your parents are russian citizens with propiskas in the country , the embassies and consulates do not make it easy at all . 
  not sure about kazakhstan , as it 's an eaeu country , but the only reason there is even some kind of program is because of the refugees coming from ukraine , before that it was and still is in many ways a huge bureaucratic hassle to gain russian citizenship if you were n't born there . 
  notice how many were killed in the 90s-early 00s as opposed to recent years . 
  journalists died covering warzones , mobsters , and oligarchs . 
  dead journalists does n't mean hand of kremlin, 
   i remember the quoted parts being there longer than that . 
  i used to comment & discuss this a lot more when i did n't have to spend time moderating . 
  that might be true , but the entire underlying narrative of the article changed from being non-partisan to an anti-russia slant , just in the way the author chose to use words and phrases  you know what else can be considered disproportionate ? 
  starting such `` small flare-ups '' . 
  these flare-ups have been going on since the 90s , they are anything but disproportionate  does this mean georgia can blame the russian peacekeepers in the cities & towns from which shells & the like originated ? 
  no , because they do not act as the authority in the area , the local south ossetian government is the authority , much like the un was n't the authority in southern lebanon in the mid 2000s , lebanon and ( de-facto ) hezbollah were . 
   i never mentioned nazis , nor upa , nor far-right but i did , and so did the person i was responding . 
  if you ca n't follow the topic that 's not my problem  but they do defend their country and at least in that , they have my respect that 's pretty sick, 
  so you would defend far-right militants that praise a figure whose organization ethnically cleansed western ukraine for nazis . 
  they might not be entirely the personification of evil ( although who knows what lurks ) , but they sure are the personification of idiocity that 's infected ukraine with its rhetoric . 
  glorifying racist idiots who thought they were superior enough that nazis would n't genocide them is probably the stupidest thing an organization has done , and all of this modern praise just makes you and your compatriots retards, 
  oh look at you !, 
  ca n't engage in conversation , so you just call everyone you disagree with a troll . 
  such a mature adult !, 
  careful there internet warrior , you might cut yourself on that edge, 
  ah , so what would that be ? 
  once again , where are you deriving this from ? 
  what have you personally experienced for you to say this ? 
  haha thanks , good to know i had some impact, 
  it is , in russia cops do n't wait outside bars to harass people when they head out at night . 
  what 's your perspective on the country anyway ? 
  from what i understand you just occasionally cross the border, 
  while it remains a problem , it really is much better than the state it was in before , and now there is a more active drive to rid the country of it . 
  i doubt it will be completely possible to remove corruption , as no country is truly without some corruption on higher levels or to enter desireable positions of civil service , but low-level corruption , the kind that comes from government-civilian interaction ( traffic cop vs driver , bureaucracy vs passport applicant , etc ) is much lower than for example in neighboring ukraine, 
  there are several reasons * russians by and large do not know of reddit , we have our own time-wasting sites * politota is not a native reddit community , they are expats from reddit analogue d3.ru , whose collective and inherent paranoia of the government led them to move to a us-based website . 
  because they came from a russian-language website , most of them will probably speak russian more . 
  * / r/russia on the other hand is a native reddit community , which tended to initially attract mostly russians living in countries where reddit is already popular , along with english-speaking russians in professions with significant access to the internet and its culture . 
  for one reason or another , russians living abroad and russians born abroad that are around reddit 's core age and gender demographic support putin more . 
  i was a moderator for around a year or two and did the css that / r/europe used for april fools , and i was there when politota was moving in , and our community actively rebuked them for their comic levels of opposition to the government . 
  * in the leadup to the crimean crisis , western media , particularly that of the us and the uk , had begun to escalate their rhetoric even more towards russia , disproportionally skewing news concerning pussy riot , lgbt laws , and the sochi olympics to such a ridiculous extent that russians that were exposed to these outlets and were on the sub started understandably going on the defensive when redditors started spewing crap on the sub . 
  the mods and i started upping the moderation to remove low-quality comments that were basically just talking shit with no substance . 
  then ukraine went to shit and the floodgates really opened . 
  at this point both pro- and anti- russia sides started having people contributing to a toxic environment , and i went awol , coming back several months later . 
  trying to bring some civility i started to make changes , adding stickys for cultural topics and banning toxic users from both camps , and started adding rules trying to contain the toxicity without the input of the other mods . 
  i felt this was necessary because the other subs for these discussions ( this place , / r/ukrainianconflict , / r/worldnews ) had already turned to shit when it came to russia , so i wanted to create at least one place to discuss these topics in a reasonable manner . 
  at one point the active top mod i guess decided he did n't like that i was doing all of this without their input , and just straight up banned me , and at that point i was pissed and burnt out so i just said fuck it and did n't bother dealing with this shit . 
  i guess the mods decided that since the rest of reddit was a cesspool when it came to russia , they were going make / r/russia a counterjerk or something , and started being more liberal with banning dissent from the echo chamber . 
  meanwhile i found a sub for the kind of discussions i wanted to happen in / r/geopolitics , and now i just come here to counter some of the retarded comments people write about russia here , as well as answer questions for those genuinely interested in a topic . 
  tldr there are two separate russian communities on reddit , and their polarization is a product of the greater standoff between russia and western powers, 
  basically it 's an echo chamber for russian-speaking people that hate the russian government to confirm their own biases . 
  they tend to maximize the defects of the gov to such a cartoonish extent that it is n't even worth it to debate them . 
  a lot of it stems from seeing comfy living in the west and lack of understanding why russia ca n't just be a carbon copy .
