  try gent as well, 
  except 20 locations were targetted , with russian mod publishing op videos of some of the strikes . 
  move to ukraine then , enjoy the oligarchs and their battalions, 
  do n't bother , this guy tried to call the new toll booths on the paid roads border control for when `` russia falls apart '' . 
  people here eat it up of course, 
  i 'm so happy your kind will never have power in my country, 
  stfu you racist ass piece of shit , while dugin 's ideology is certainly extreme , the concept of identifying with a common eurasian identity makes complete sense considering we have been a eurasian power since we expanded into asia in the first place . 
  we have a decent blend in culture , cuisine , etc for you ignorant ass to deny the multifaced nature of a culture we share not only with other russkie , but also with caucasians , central asians , and east slavs, 
  just because \u041f\u0443\u0442\u0438\u043d said that stalin was able to build up the soviet union does n't mean he was endorsing repression during that era . 
  most of his repression has been condemned by the duma under putin and numerous museums have been opened that focus on his atrocities . 
  this is definitely something that 's overhyped there are still obviously russians that regard stalin as a net good but that does n't mean everyone does, 
  logistical personnel is chilling in russian bases where they are needed . 
   special forces are for jumping out of helicopters and stuff like that , not your everyday warfare on an active front . 
  hahawat , special forces are exactly what most of the external forces need and are actively using , spetsnaz and the us ' special forces serve as advisors and surgical tools for very particular purposes . 
  you are thinking of airborne forces , which does indeed have a lot of sf overlap, 
  the buses are literally one day a year , what statues , the statues are built up either for wwii events or the communists did it , what stalin museum , last i heard there was only a repression museum opening , and the metro head did it as a restoration of the original design , with the presidential representative responding with  in my opinion , the question whether such inscriptions should exist in the moscow underground is not the question in the competence of neither the mayor of moscow , nor even the head of the moscow underground . 
  one ca n't take decisions that may break the society that 's heated up and politicized even without that . 
  it seems to me , that the presence of the lines about stalin in the hall of the metro station kurskaya is the question that should become the matter of discussion for the city denizens . 
  [ 61 ] learn to read the wiki page you clearly used to write this up, 
  that 's bullshit, 
  that 's the fate of pretty much all of the world 's sf , the families know that spetsnaz means a lot of secrecy, 
  i hope you suffer too keyboard warrior, 
  thank you , people here really do think we are n't capable of independent thought , and the racist overtones really do start getting on my nerves and others, 
  just looked at the uk embassy twitter , i think they are actually just taking the piss off the uk because of strained relations . 
  does n't justify it , but puts pre-war europe into perspective, 
  lolwut , first off russians know about it it 's not a secret . 
  second of all , the fuck does it have to do with this event ? 
  [ it certainly did n't prevent this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93czechoslovak_border_conflicts#annexations_by_poland_in_1938 ), 
  the polish one did a number on czechoslovakia, 
   russian unis are n't really great though . 
  i attended \u0421\u041f\u0411\u0413\u042d\u0423 for two semesters . 
  now imagine the ukrainian schools that they would have to apply to first before  what kind of renovation are you talking about ? 
  :d major roads finally have uniform covering from major cities , and cities themselves are getting funds to clean up streets and buildings . 
  something also changed over the 8 year interval that major cities are also willing to have lively waterfronts full of activities for residents and tourists . 
  crimean tatar cultural areas such as the khan 's palace in bakhchisaray stopped being stingy as fuck and charging for bathroom and photography , and has kept everything preserved , plus some restoration of crimean tatar life in the surrounding area , prices are not that much larger than in the mainland . 
  a lot of the shadier unregulated kiosks were torn down , so there 's accountability making an appearance  finally working electricity on all of the peninsula ? 
  yep !, 
  i have n't experienced any electricity issues there , and all the cities are not too concerned with using energy on light-up decorations all around the city . 
  hows that , they get to go to apply to russian unis easier , and actually get some renovation done on the peninsula , work that has n't been done in like 26 years, 
  the project is definitely helping with establishing new infrastructure to travel from europe to asia , which is quite good, 
  nah they have a very toxic attitude towards people who are happy in crimea , its schadenfreude, 
  yea , that 's not gon na stop them from hating crimeans though . 
  well both regions are pro-russian , so it is n't hard to imagine that at least gaugazia , being multilaterally recognized as a sovereign state , would be able to depend on russia and regional trade, 
  time-sensitive deliveries will definitely benefit not going around the world , and it also diversifies china 's import/export routes from being overly dependant on a us-dominated maritime system, 
  it is autonomous , but they have an agreement with moldova to secede if the former chooses to join romania . 
  the only difference between them and transdniester politically is that they agreed to be autonomous under moldova while the former did not, 
  right , but the modern concept of sovereignty as we know it only emerged after the treaty of westphalia in the mid-17th century , and only among the european powers that were involved . 
  it would take a while for such notions of sovereignty to emerge as a part of various nationalist ambitions , culminating in the revolutionary waves of the 19th century, 
  it was as well, 
  well the entire thing right now is essentially a single market ( goods , services , labor ) , with a unified customs regime . 
  unlike the eu schengen zone , we have yet to have the same level of freedom of movement , relying on our official internal or external passports to get around , and unlike the eurozone , we have no single currency . 
  the difference will really lie in two factors : 1 . 
  while europe had never really been in one unified state entity for significant periods of time , the eurasian space has been , and our economies are quite closely integrated by virtue of already have been in a single political entity . 
  whatever the level of integration is actively pursued in the region , there has to be at least some sort of it . 
  the eu was the first of its kind to emerge in the world , which meant they set the precedent on what works and what does n't . 
  having someone already go through these steps allows eau planners to evaluate decisions based on the past experiences of the eu , which is helpful in reducing unsound policies, 
  because russia is going for eaeu integration now, 
   i want immigrants who strive to become 100 % european . 
  it 's only an issue in northern caucaus , most russian muslims are pretty much secular or cultural muslim, 
  swastika laws are very specific on what they define as a nazi swastika , it is a description that still very much allows religious use by hindus , buddhists , etc. 
  the difference is that you can use it , as long as you are n't a nazi sympathizer, 
  more like since 2 , shit was annoying, 
  crimea 's doing just fine right now , do n't you worry, 
  lol who , where are you finding this shitstorm ? 
  refugees either move to western ukrainian regions or to russia , moving to poland is too dramatic, 
  they barely get any funding , there was a good post in / r/olympics about the issues surrounding the ukrainian national team , including minimal funding and a series of defections, 
  it 's hilarious how many nazi references being low-key made by the ukrainian government completely unironically , who is this person that just keeps doing this ? 
  crimean tatars are not systemically discriminated against , they are in fact going through a mini cultural revival in cities like bakhchisaray and stariy krim, 
  no one could n't , because chechen islamists invaded dagestan first, 
  not in this case , talk pages show the mess it is, 
  there definitely ought to be some sort of rebalance vis-a-vis cultural traditions , but i very much agree with you . 
  dealing with bigotry does n't mean we should be soft towards how the west perceives all of us . 
  worst of all are those delusional types that decide to abandon everything about their culture just because '' \u041e\u0439 \u043e\u043d\u0438 \u0442\u0430\u043a \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u043e \u0436\u0438\u0432\u0443\u0442 \u043d\u0430 \u0437\u0430\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0435 ! '', 
  especially in this case where they banned the substance only this year , and it stays in the system for a while . 
  if the controlling committee was really interested in fairness they should have issued the ban much earlier, 
  georgia violated the peace deals that were signed in the 90s to pull this shit . 
  they were the instigators, 
  quoting a wiki article hijacked by a ukrainian nationalist on the onset of the ukrainian conflict does n't mean anything, 
  solidarity with palestinians draws parallels for the organizers of this bonfire, 
  i do n't know who you 're talking to , but its pretty clear around moscow that it 's good that relations are improving but erdogan is not to be fully trusted, 
  do they at least ban other country 's state media too , or is it the usual anti-russia circlejerk ? 
  antonovs dropping water or whatever mchs uses to kill fires, 
  which is clearly why the us started funding the rebels in the beginning , of course / s, 
  jesus did they seriously ban sputnik here ? 
  that 's pretty pathetic, 
  watch food inc , it 's pretty disturbing just how bad it is, 
  either him or generals in the military command . 
  jesus no one 's fucking starving , people always want to go to where there 's money , and they sure as hell do n't want to go to poland or romania . 
  it is n't exactly a dictatorship if the majority of us voted him in , so fuck off, 
  living conditions may not be up to par with western europe , but they are n't as horrible as this sub makes it out . 
  overthrowing the current administration would only make everything worse and people seriously suggesting it are scum, 
  if you fuckers try this shit in russia rest assured that it wo n't be pretty for the west, 
  haha please , if there 's one thing in common it 's this trend of intelligence agencies trying to get as much information as possible , the difference being that isps have to foot the bill for infrastructure here . 
  if you actually believe that western states do n't engage in such activities you would have to have been asleep for the past decade, 
  yea , that 's pretty much what this law is for too , the biggest issue is the responsibility ot isps to hold on to information they physically ca n't even , not to mention the if you see something say something law . 
  the crime itself is the incitement to violence, 
  how would that make it any easier than it would be already, 
  google ` blm social media arrests ', 
  if all you say was done before , why would this be used for that ? 
  not sure if you realize , but that 's exactly the same shit that the russian law covers , with particular focus on suspected is sympathizers .
