  you mentioned it in your own post !, 
  how is it unrelated when you mentioned it yourself ? 
  you ca n't get surprised that i offered a rebuttal to something you brought up !, 
  debate against your strawman all you like , you might as well just go outside and shout at the birds , because this is bullshit not a discussion, 
  it 's not though , i didnt deflect attention elsewhere , im providing context on the political maneuvering . 
  fact of the matter is that it is n't worth anything to russia to navigate through the process of assigning specific blame on the rebel responsible because the point was moot before that . 
  it 's not like it was going to affect western decision making either way , and the netherlands remain receptive to russian economic ties while politically antagonist . 
  unfortunately tragedy does not stop anyone in ir from doing what they are doing . 
  and by the way , ignoring the neo-nazis that do exist is not a good look for ukraine, 
  it 's not whataboutism , it 's about foreign policy protocol . 
  while none of us regulars can understand why this is seemingly a better tactic diplomatically dealing with adversaries , it does seem to be a common approach to approaching such situations . 
  just because i bring up a counter-example of a similar scenario does n't make it an example of a made up word by some economist writer propagated by a bunch of people who get their education from wikipedia stubs, 
  what about it ? 
  it 's not like we hate all ukrainians, 
  if you reorder it it makes a bit more sense ( \u043c\u0435\u0442\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0440\u0443\u043a\u043e\u0439 ), 
  suddenly gent makes so much sense, 
  for the same reason the us denies shooting down civilian airliners i guess, 
  there are no birth requirements for being president , only age , citizenship , and residency, 
  considering all of these statistics already applied under yeltsin none of that actually matters that much . 
  who gives a fuck if he resigned , that 's the most useless information ever . 
  the only thing he was good for was allowing putin to become successor . 
  he was a worthless alcoholic that set the country up for failure , and if you dont see that then you have no business talking about my country, 
  yes the guy that literally shelled his political opposition and rigged his reelection did n't kill democracy , ok kiddo . 
  if you got nothing smart or accurate to say , just do n't say it, 
   i 'm not claiming that yeltsin was a great president , but to date , he remains the only russian ruler to voluntarily step down from power , and not because of a revolution , a coup , or by dying in office . 
  i 'd say that 's a pretty significant precedent , would n't you ? 
  considering the man was responsible for killing democracy in the first place , no it is n't  and yes , who needs khodorkovskys and berezovskys when you have timchenkos , rotenbergs , kovalchuks , sechins , medvedevs , etc. ... all people that decided to work with the state and invest in the country as opposed to opposing regulation under the guise of ` democratic reformers '  give me a fucking break . 
  they are the state !, 
  seriously , putin and co treat russia as if it 's their own personal property . 
  at this point it would n't surprise me if putin considered himself synonymous with russia . 
  he certainly acts like it . 
  which already makes them better  putin was n't that bad when he first started , but let 's not kid ourselves : things would have stabilized with or without him anyway . 
  likewise , all the horror of the 90 's was n't all yeltsin 's fault . 
  just like all of the other ee countries russia needed time to process and balance having a capitalistic system and societal development following communism . 
  instead of progressing past that stabilization period , you 've have a select group of siloviki who transformed themselves into billionaires at the expense of regular russian citizens , and russia is all the worse off because of them . 
  and this is where we stop because you clearly dont know what you 're talking about . 
  yeltsin literally set precedent for the country 's growth . 
  if by eventually better you mean like ukraine i can tell you clearly that nobody is interested in that, 
  once again , they reap what they sowed, 
  except look how it played out for western countries now . 
  it 's geopolitics , but very shitty geopolitics because they thought about exploitation in the short term with no thought put in on blowback , and that has been a particularly american way of looking at geopolitics , which is why they are dealing with blowback , although western europe is taking the brunt of it . 
  and i find it hard to believe that it was a one on one choice . 
  we 're talking about a community that managed to help literal nazis after wwii , i doubt their hands were particularly tied that they could n't have had more positive effects on the post-soviet space rather than encouraging policies that led us all to serious ruin . 
  it 's very telling that in the eyes of the west yeltsin shelling his opposition is ok , but interfering in kosovo almost set off wwiii . 
  most is true , but american influence gets people to do self-destructive shit a lot, 
  yeltsin was the first president and he set the precedent , it will take decades to undo his damage . 
  at least putin made sure the remaining oligarchs work with the state , and not against it . 
  russia had no need for khodorkovskys and berezovskys . 
   note that all of those actions were internal to the territory of the russian federation . 
  and that makes it better ? 
  the fuck is this your argument ? 
  he fucked his entire people ? 
   putin has invaded ukraine to cynically regain some of his lost electoral support and putin has stolen more from the russian people than yeltsin could ever have hoped to steal . 
  the largest differences in actual living standards lies in the return of some stability and higher oil and gas prices . 
  putin getting involved in ukraine is geopolitics , temporary boosts do n't mean shit  what political ideology is russia most similar to then?russia has all the hallmarks of a traditional fascist state and based on current trends it is only going to get worse . 
  except for the whole part where we share none of the racist rhetoric and are in the process of seeking investment from foreign states , that 's like the opposite of fascist policy . 
  this is a government that started to take away unity from the russian march to promote unity of all of our nations and ethnic groups  putin 's favourite ideologue is ivan ilyin , a man that was very supportive of many fascist ideas . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivan_ilyin ilyin was a monarchist , a product of the russian empire and an aristocrat who wrote about the promotion of nationalism in combination with democratic ideals of government not forcing its people into beliefs . 
  the fact of the matter is that the only thing he liked about fascism is national awakening and that it was reactionary against socialism ( ideas that were common place in conservative circles throughout europe at the time ) . 
  [ everything else from the totalitarianism to the persecution of dissenters he pretty explicitly condemned ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20070523042622/www.anticompromat.ru/naziki/ilyin02.html ) . 
  ilyin himself fled germany when the nazis gained power and the gestapo began investigating him . 
  the fact the putin 's citations of him involved his democratic thought , that is n't enough to call him a fascist , despite what nyt op eds claim . 
  it seems that what people are confusing is fascism and what could be better described as a conservative collectivist society . 
  personally i am not interested in conservative-leaning collectivism , but that does n't make ilyin a fascist ( ilyin 's call to fascism is pretty dumb , considering he disagrees with most of what makes it fascism in the first place ) , and it does n't make putin a fascist for quoting him . 
  it makes him the social conservative and economic liberal we have always known him to be  russia got rich from the spoils of capitalism and the first thing putin tries to do when russia has reached a modicum of stability and prosperity is restarting the cold war for no apparent reason . 
  this bullshit started in 2002 with the color revolutions with all of those populist atlantacist fucks who would be removed from power by their own people at the beginning of the next decade . 
  if that 's not stirring shit than you must have a strange definition  it 's a simple but sad fact that a strong russia always seems to threaten the peace on the european continent . 
  it 's not like we 're the only actors involved in it , considering haphazard foreign policy of the united states and western european malaise that defines the past decade . 
  there are tons of people who have written about this , even the bbc has portrayed exactly what all sides got wrong to get us to this point . 
  the fact that you call it an ultra agressive fascist state already indicates you have nothing of value to contribute . 
  yeltsin exacerbated conflict with chechens ( although chechen nationalists were no better ) to the point of war , he literally shelled his own parliament , and allowed the country to be robbed blind and set us back decades . 
  that enough is to warrant me saying your fat-filled head can go run itself into a wall, 
  they are turkic , consider it a family reunion !, 
  the simple fact that westerners prefer yeltsin is enough of a reason to hate those westerners , so kindly fuck off, 
  become a reindeer herder/oil-gas-diamond industry and congratulations , you are now \u042f\u043a\u0443\u0442 !, 
   netflix - i know that it will be hard to find a good alternative . 
  european torrent sites ) ), 
  embrace kumys as the one true drink, 
  the unfortunate problem with this minority is that they occupy posts of considerable influence in their nation , with seemingly no oversight until shit goes down and their heads of state have to react . 
  thankfullly they are now a bit more preoccupied at home , but that does n't mean they are done , or that the damage will be solely to russia . 
  and it 's way more than one or two people , let 's not forget that popular map posted here a few months back . 
  us and turks are a scapegoat for the superiority complex of quite an amount of people on this sub , and these are n't reasonable people in the slightest, 
  a bit inaccurate , think about people who get drunk in the heat and accidentally drown taking a swim, 
  while that 's true , he 's also pr 'd himself heavily as a nature-lover/outdoorsman for quite some time . 
  it 's not a stretch that there might be some commitment , though probably lenient given our love/hate relationship with lake baikal : /, 
  it 's all about dat nuclear and hydroelectric baby, 
  i do n't know who ` we ' is to you , but it certainly is not the cold warriors in atlanticist camps that have very clearly expressed their displeasure in russia 's ability to be anything than a yeltsin shithole . 
  just because you arent one of those people doesnt mean they do n't exist, 
  convert your alphabet to cyrillic , then we 'll talk, 
  well it 's not like we 're completely ok with it , it 's just that for just how catastrophic things were only a mere 17 years ago , this has definitely been closer to a best case scenario that we could have gotten , even with the many problems that we and the state face today . 
  i feel like the biggest issue in understanding why most people in the west do n't understand why our current state of affairs are still more or less ok for us is the lack of a parallel collapse in recent years for their country , so it 's hard to relate . 
  not everyone has the luxury of living in a continuous state that has more or less remained stable for at least 30 years . 
  buddy , we have centuries of precedent for authoritarian style , the only thing that could be worse is incompetence at this point , or if some fucktard like navalny succeeds in gaining power , people do n't exist in a vacuum in their generations , russia is already much more liberalized than it had been since the 20s , and it 's happening under a the administration of a conservative economic liberal with authoritarian style of state management . 
  there is n't really much of a chance that all of that is going to disappear , for the same reason blocking rutracker does n't stop us from pirating . 
  here 's already been in power for 18 and has already been trying to fill up his administration with younger faces , he 's may have an authoritarian style but he 's not insane to deal with 20 more years of this bullshit lol . 
  and i agree , eventually there will be a bit of rebound in terms of some aspects of expression . 
  but given worldwide trends in freedom restriction going on right now , i would n't hold my breath . 
  if there 's something all the major world leaders seem to agree on , is that populations need to be managed , and frankly i do n't know if a new generation will give up access to such control, 
  lol putin is n't gon na stay for 20 years , by then it 'll probably already be someone else, 
  yea good luck with that in enterprise,
