   and the oil-boom occurring in his hypothetical tenure would present russia with many opportunities regardless . 
  unlikely , his positions and political alliances indicate that he would not have nationalized russia 's oil reserves to capitalize fully on the oil boom . 
  that money would be going into the bank accounts of people like khodorkovsky  whatever outcome a nemtsov-presidency might 've looked like it probably would 've done most people more good than the nationalism , jingoism , and kleptocracy that you ended up getting . 
  he was a part of the kleptocracy from the start , he served in yeltsin 's government , and frankly at least the nationalism that comes from pro-gov nationalism is civic and not ethnic in most cases , though i 'm not sure how nemtsov would be able to affect national consciousness with his incompetentness . 
  bottom line , so many people outside created this martyr of a guy just because he was killed but do n't pay attention to just how much he discredited himself over the course of the last 20 years . 
  the guy died being marginalized as fuck , navalny probably had more clout than him at the time of his death, 
   that 's probably because putin has created a political environment that makes it nearly impossible for political opposition to thrive , not because putin is so great . 
  that 's a very shitty cop-out of an argument , especially since there were plenty time before `` putin created a political environment that makes it nearly impossible for political opposition to thrive '' to establish him/herself . 
   from what i recall the idea was that by electing the richest candidate you would limit the power of corruption . 
  typically this argument is usually based on the idea of a landed upper/middle class that was born into ( some ) money . 
  there has always been a stereotype against the nouveau riche about the opposite, 
   nemtsov ( for a time ) for example has a somewhat reasonable chance at succeeding yeltsin for example . 
   implying he would n't be any less incompetent, 
  if a person 's consumption is mostly domestic , the exchange rate wo n't matter . 
  380 usd only matters if you want some gadget or a car , which is admittedly going to be a hassle , but otherwise it is still liveable, 
  alright , who do you suggest ? 
  navalny the populist ? 
  kasparov the biter ? 
  it 's very easy to say `` just get rid of him '' , but no one ever brings up at least one example of a capable candidate with better qualifications than putin, 
  yea i do n't exactly understand the argument that `` russia needs to follow the constitution '' , [ considering the political state of russia when it was written . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1993_russian_constitutional_crisis ), 
  [ the movie come and see was based on the massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/come_and_see ), 
  do n't engage with him , he ca n't read simple documents either . 
  it 's actually an easy mistake to make because of [ a similarly named massacre in belarus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khatyn_massacre ), 
  thanks for the breakdown !, 
  actually there 's a specific fast-track pass given to mexicans across the border that allows unfettered travel to the us . 
  i remember reading about it recently , but do n't remember what it 's called , but it calls for less scrutiny at the border, 
  yes , did you even bother reading chapter one ? 
  the center of national interest 's honorary chairman is kissinger , this is a well respected magazine . 
  it has much more credibility than you for instance , because even after showing what british military analysts thought of litvinienko , you still seem to argue that it 's all wrong . 
  how can you actually read the whole paper , and say `` hurr , durr wrong ! 1 !, 
   conspiracy theories from fringe websites and out of thin air . 
   [ founded by nixon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/center_for_the_national_interest )  [ the british ministry of defense ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/ministry-of-defence ) mate why are you digging further into your own intestine ? 
  does n't it smell like shit in there ? 
   none of this has anything to do with litvinenko . 
  literally sold himself to an oligarch , nothing to do with corruption . 
  yea ok  the guy who uncovered the fucking hit on him ? 
  the guy with theonly thing tying him to berezovsky , ) is that they worked for the same organization and putin hates both of them ? 
  you seriously believe that that 's the whole story , that he saved his life and they worked together to stop corruption ? 
  really ? 
  that 's what you 're going with ? 
   this is entirely your own fiction . 
  [ a former us presidential advisor said it ] ( http://www.webcitation.org/5oglpfuo5 )  hold on , you 've entirely skipped the entire reason putin had litvinenko arrested twice : he was the one who uncovered the kremlin 's plans to murder berezovsky . 
  he was charged with selling his ass to berezovsky . 
  and there was no `` kremlin '' to murder berezovsky , because he himself was a part of the kremlin . 
   what the fuck ? 
  he was arrested once , acquitted , arrested again and then fled . 
  boris was probably just as much of a scumbag as putin is , but you ca n't just fucking paper-over plans by the government to murder it 's own fucking people . 
  of course , and then let 's go ahead and believe him when he said russia killed the armenian president , that russia set up the theater crisis that would result in wide condemnation over the use of an unknown neurotoxin ( because what other better form of propaganda than self-incrimination ) , take a school hostage , work with al-qaeda , hire muslims to attack caracateurists of mohammed , that putin is a pedo and was personally friends with the mafia , all while providing absolutely zero credible proof . 
  the guy blamed absolutely everything he could find at the time on putin as soon as something happened . 
  if he was such an insider , why did he not warn of all of these things before they happened ? 
  oh that 's right , because he was talking out of his ass the whole time . 
  [ a fucking uk military college dedicated an entire chapter on his disinformation ] ( http://www.webcitation.org/5ci8eswsu )  he applied for asylum in london because he could n't get refuge in the us embassy in turkey . 
  he most likely applied everywhere he could . 
  either way , he would have joined goldfarb in working for berezovsky . 
   his non-existent affiliation ? 
  your own fucking government confirmed it . 
  even berezovsky confirmed it , stop being stupid . 
   the entire reason he could n't get refuge with the us was because he did n't know state-secrets worth anyone 's time , because he was a damn anti-corruption officer , not a spy . 
  for goodness sake mi6 waited 2 years before even bothering to contact him , and then used him to combat russian organized crime in europe . 
  are you stupid ? 
  who fucking tells spies state secrets ? 
  spies are a high-risk asset , they do n't know shit . 
  litvinienko was based in lubyanka , he is definitely the one to know state secrets . 
  and if by your logic he does n't know anything , then how come you actually believe he uncovered a `` state secret '' of the government to kill its own people ? 
  you 're starting to contradict yourself . 
   there 's supposed to be something sinister about an anti-corruption officer who was run out of his country by his corrupt government speaking out against that very corrupt government ? 
  i 'm not even going to bother dealing with the ties with berezovsky , particularly considering by most accounts he helped putin assume his position , and putin 's own immense corruption is what prompted this entire shitshow . 
  ah yes , quoting the guy in question from wikipedia about his illicit activities . 
  because clearly he would n't lie . 
  after reading your shit attempt of a response , i 'm not going to bother to respond to your stupid ass in that other comment , you 've discredited your own critical thinking abilities much better than i could have hoped . 
  unless you wish to argue with your own government 's military and with a respected us advisor , i think i 'm done here, 
  we know very well what our government does well and what it does n't , because it impacts us first and foremost . 
  we praise the government when it protects our interests and we bitch and make jokes about the times it tries to screw us over . 
  who the fuck are you to claim that you know my country better than me or anyone else that is from there ? 
  who the fuck are you to decide that litvinienko is someone to be praised ? 
  the fuck do you even know about russian history , culture , and life to feel the need to have an opinion on it ? 
  not to mention you are the one who decided to do a character assasination on me , you ca n't even come up with a response to what i wrote , so you chose to be a pussy and decided `` hurr durr , let me just call him a dumb russian , that 'll show him '' get your head out of your ass, 
  oh look , an armchair specialist who thinks he knows a country better than the people that live there . 
  well for starters he , like many members of security forces in russia during the 90s , worked for berezovsky ( by berezovsky 's own admission postmortem ) . 
  if you are n't aware , berezovsky was one of the key oligarchs in russia during the wild 90s , and had a huge hand in manipulating public opinion via all the media he controlled back then . 
  in order to protect the status-quo and keep the state money flowing into his and other oligarchs ' pockets , he , along with guzinsky , propped up the incompetent drunk that was yeltsin through every major crisis ( including the chechen war , the constitutional crisis where yeltsin shelled his own fucking parliament , and through the fraudulent election that bought him his 2nd term ) . 
  litvinienko was one his guys in the fsb , and in exchange for his services he was behind his promotions . 
  after yeltsin 's resignation and putin 's assumption of the presidency , berezovsky realized he had miscalculated the technocrat that he took a part in assigning the pm post , thinking he was going to be a pushover and friendly like his predecessor . 
  after putin started his reforms on state and economic security , berezovsky suddenly found himself outside the kremlin political circle , along with many other oligarchs like khodorkovsky and gusinsky . 
  in response , they used what influence they had from the media they owned and organizations they funded to attack putin , citing `` anti-democratic rule '' , a hilarious pretext considering how much they supported the guy that in a fairer world should have been tried for treason . 
  this was incredibly shortsighted , as the government then proceeded to strip them of the power they gained in the 90s as much as possible . 
  berezovsky and guzinsky lost their media properties and de-facto exiled to the uk and spain respectively , khodorkovsky was imprisoned after yukos lost the protection it had in the 90s . 
  litvinenko logically went with his employer , and to make an extra buck also gave himself to mi6 . 
  now the british are obviously going to use the lines along `` he was investigating corruption '' ( already paradoxical considering his affiliation with berezovsky ) , but in reality he was most likely just giving out the state secrets that he knew while in the fsb . 
  for the next several years , berezovsky would continue to attempt to influence public opinion in russia , and used primarily the handomely payed litvinienko and goldfarb to be his mouthpieces . 
  edit : after british media learned of the mi6 connection , [ his own father condemned litvinienko and apologized to putin ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/litvinenko-father-regrets-slander-343/ ), 
  anti-corruption operative my ass , he was corrupt as fuck, 
  haha yeap , guy moonlit for berezovsky , a man that had a significant history of screwing over russia and its people in the 90s , and worked pr for him until both are exiled to the uk , where he defects to mi5 and continues to shower praise for berezovsky along with alex goldfarb . 
  i mean do you people honestly believe people like berezovsky and khodorkovsky are innocent lambs ? 
  do you actually believe that these people were legitimate in their businesses , and were russian heros ? 
  because these were the people that helped create the crookedness that still is very much present in the country . 
  they were there from the beginning , and they fucked us hard . 
  litvinienko deserved the painful death he got , and berezovsky deserved the depression that killed them , i hope they burn in hell . 
  the fact that you all defend these assholes is fucking disgusting,
