  life expectancy is russia is not a solid 65 , it is an average between two extremes : life in large european cities and atrophied settlements outside of them . 
  some regions have an even lower life expectancy than 60s , while others are significantly higher . 
  either way , there are still going to be people getting pensions , and life expectancy will still continue to increase, 
  this system seems to exist in north america in the form of fast-track lanes, 
  refugees from ukraine were not treated like hobos as an example . 
  they even receive high-priority medical care in moscow and spb, 
  mongolia actually had a stalin figure around the same time as in the soviet union . 
  as expected not a super swell guy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khorloogiin_choibalsan, 
  also interesting to notice how he just casually decides to join the political party in power . 
  started in tymoshenko 's bloc , jumped to party of regions ? 
  the guardian should have picked someone less shady for sure , and find someone more competent than shaun walker, 
  meanwhile crimea is widely regarded as a smart move as it finally stabilized the black sea fleet after numerous political ploys in the 90s to fuck with it . 
  ~ 70 % of the ukrainian navy defected , what happened was the inevitable . 
  everyone knew it was us in crimea , it was our uniforms and a strict operation . 
  meanwhile while in ukraine we know that people did go fight there on their own , whether for their beliefs or for adventurism , and that they got materiel and limited covert assistance from the military , we know that most of the fighters are local because of the lack of any standardization among the rebels , and no real filter of troops , everyone who wanted to fight fought . 
  and we are n't the only ones saying this , most reputable european think tanks share this view . 
  it 's also why merkel and hollande decided on minsk and not just blind support for kiev , if it was n't an authentic rebellion , it would n't be negotiated as one . 
  no , aside from a few violations , the rebels and kiev are holding up the ceasefire , and everyone is now waiting for kuev 's reforms to continue the minsk peace process . 
  well no one is fighting in ukraine and we only do airstrikes in syria with our own weapons , so none of that is particularly an issue . 
  i know it must so disappointing that we are n't dying of hunger and begging for help . 
  that 's because there is no analogue example for these countries , these countries were in fact the imperialist powers of the past , so it seems pretty silly to compare western europe to modern iran, 
  yea despite what idiots in this sub claim there wo n't be any hyperinflation anytime soon, 
  vengermudin , hungary is vengriya in russian, 
  what country would n't chant death to the country that has actively undermine them since the 50s, 
  that 's so cute :\\ ^ ), 
  it 's actually easy with a cheap snorkel and fins, 
  do n't forget [ lebed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mykola_lebed ), 
  yea , most medical supplies and aids in russia usually come from germany , they are probably the most trusted origin country , and nobody in russia is going to seriously suggest to embargo german product , despite what the hatemongers on this sub suggest, 
  [ this is still me favorite review ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/3fg41g/europa_universalis_4/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link ), 
   if china wants to be taken seriously they should drop the hypocritical nature of their message . 
  haha , nah man , virtually every major power engages in such rhetoric , none of them give a shit about hypocrisy and other silly things . 
  sovereign states do n't pay attention to what is being said , but to why it 's being said, 
  well that 's because japan is china 's rival in the region , and japan had made itself really easy of a target every time a leader goes to a shrine that represents war criminals among others , or when a provincial leader makes inflammatory remarks , or when textbooks are whitewashed, 
  well no , power is proportional to the combined development of its territories . 
  development in turn depends on several aspects : the era , the technology type of the state , and the power of the head of state . 
  circassia can not attack the ottoman empire and expect to win without the backing of a significant power . 
  the game 's equivalent of difficulty levels is choosing a very small country surrounded by powers of different strengths . 
  in games like that , every move you make is absolutely critical and could make or break your state . 
  there are not such tough consequences if you play as spain for instance, 
  yea it seems pretty ridiculous to station an aircraft carrier right near your own borders . 
  the only examples i can find of uses are in operations in blue waters . 
  italy for example participates in anti-piracy patrols , does turkey wish to start participating in those ? 
  yea it 's still better than before , and it was clear it was only one part of the energy bridge that was complete . 
  last i checked the eta is in may . 
  no you would not have . 
  it is n't because syria did not collapse right after hafez died , it fractured under the strain of a regionwide revolt fanned by support from geopolitcal rivals . 
  power vacuums are exactly what they sound like , and overthrowing regimes is the number one way to create a lasting one . 
  the biggest example of that was iraq where baathist party members ( aka pretty much all of the civil service ) was banned from government . 
  it took legitimacy via brute force that was symbolized by the us surge to bring some calm . 
  there is no significant narrative from people about the only important part being an authoritarian leader , but there is definitely a narrative about an authoritarian leader and a strong state apparatus , and that 's what is a party to the current conflict . 
  the rebels most certainly do not have the same legitimacy as the state system that has functioned with relative stability for some 40 years, 
   some people would prefer to live in a country where they can criticize their government without being strung up by the balls . 
  what is the exchange rate between civil liberty and gdp ? 
  apparently no correlation , because the only thing that changes in a power vacuum is that the government is replaced by militias that will have them strung up by the balls . 
  i do n't know about worship , but the justifications for mao are pretty much the same for stalin : a mixed legacy that did a lot of harm , but which also advanced china 's strategic interests , as well as being a figure that is , well , in the past . 
  a big issue that arises when discussing such figures is that a typical response is `` would you want to live under him today ? '', 
  of course not , but that does n't address the fact that these people rose under much different conditions than we live today . 
  the point was to bring the country up to speed with the rest of the world as fast as possible , essentially doing what took a century for some states to do within the span of the so-called five-year plans , which meant that the good and the bad both happen in much more rapid succession . 
  nobody wants it now because it has already been done : there is no need . 
  china will treat mao as a founding father as the ussr treated lenin and as the united states treats george washington : they are the people that laid the foundations for what they are today . 
  fair warning , this game will eat a shitton of your time . 
  i once had a 5 hour session because i did n't notice time go by . 
  there is no real point for stopping in the game , it just keeps going until you hit the mid 19th century . 
  but holy crap , it 's too much fun . 
  / r/eu4 welcomes you, 
  europa universalis iv , a historical map-based real-time grand strategy game . 
  you control a historical country from the beginning of the reconquista until the napoleonic wars , and you can raise armies , build a fleet for trade or for war , develop your state in a very general way by building buildings or spending monarch points in your provinces , but probably the most prominent aspect is foreign relations . 
  create alliances , coalitions , start wars for anything from a simple trade dispute all the way to a holy war . 
  vassalize countries , gain new territories , free conquered nations , or create your own from scratch !, 
  this is true , but in the advent of departure of the imperial authorities , many people in the subject nations will attempt to emigrate to that country , as there tend to be higher prospects for financial stability . 
  it can be observed as in britain as in france and even russia . 
  i am saying that the people that have settled and gained citizenship , and their children , are british, 
  yea that was an incredibly stupid idea imo , because while i and many other russian citizens saw it as a terrorist attack and condemned it , we do n't think that charlie hebdo was being clever or humorous . 
  from the style of the cartoons to the topics being represented , it very abrasively mocks the matter in a way that just does n't really make many of us sympathize with them , it all looks very stupid . 
  they were trying to piss people off , and surprise !, 
  they really pissed some people off . 
  i stand against fundamentalism and terrorism , and prayforparis was a nice slogan to get behind , but i wo n't stand behind those belligerent idiots . 
  `` bash the heads in of those who dreamed of our deaths . '', 
  does n't sound any more civilized . 
   but that 's another matter , that was n't caused by migrations and did n't affect negatively any of our customs from what i understand , most of the muslims come from the muslim partitions of a territory ruled for quite a while by the british . 
  i would argue that the small but loud salafist group that came along with the general migration is that negative effect . 
  these people are british and are descendants of people that came from all around the empire . 
   but bending over backwards to please people from a different culture while disregarding your own is totally wrong . 
  of course , but at the same time the uk ca n't pretend it 's solely an english , welsh , scottish , or irish culture . 
  there need to be compromises on all sides if the goal is social harmony . 
  i mean , it 's not like the priests spend most of their time toiling in the fields . 
  they make ( very good ) food , but that 's not really the main duty ... 
  that ship has sailed since the beginning of the growth of the british empire . 
  by your logic , anything that has its origins outside of the isles would have to not be used , so you could say goodbye to modern british cuisine in the process . 
  for better or for worse , britain has become a much more multicultural society due to its imperial legacy , as did most empires that spanned over considerable distances . 
  so many alleys in rome smelled like weed when i went i was actually a bit surprised . 
  the whole circular area seemed so unreal i could have sworn it was all just an elaborate tourist trap !, 
  lets not forget \u041a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u043d\u044c, 
  the flight is really the most expensive aspect , from what i 've heard the experience there is not really expensive . 
  and what is your definition of overpriced ? 
  if you mean hotels , that i agree with , we have a pretty crappy hotel industry , but if you just find a house to rent for the getaway it is n't really that prohibitively expensive . 
  karelia is very much \u0434\u043b\u044f \u043b\u044e\u0431\u0438\u0442\u0438\u043b\u0435\u0439 , i do n't know if i would really want to go that far north anytime soon , and while baikal along with the altai resorts are pretty far from where most russians live , i do n't know if it 's really a bad place to visit between spring and fall . 
  and while there a few idiots calling for a prohibition on traveling to turkey , we could all still go there independently if we really wanted to , granted for a bit more than usual with the suspension of visa-free regime and the loss of russian tour packages . 
  this is n't a tragedy , it sucks that things are this way right now , but it is n't going to have a big impact on us . 
  meanwhile , egypt is a completely separate issue and after what happened a couple of months ago i 'm not really into the idea of going there and am happy that russia is trying to pressure egypt in working on its notorious security problems in the sinai .
