  fuck that shit , while we are quite interested in maintaining decent relations with the likes of france , germany , central and southern europe , we could honestly not give less fucks about repairing relations with a geographic bloc that makes absolutely zero signs of good will, 
  not really , considering just how serious degradation occurred from the perestroika until the mid 2000s . 
  most of the money goes to the administrative centers , and villages are n't really going to look new considering most people living in them are n't going to be able to do some grand renovation , especially if it 's away from major areas . 
  dachas near the cities however do see a lot of renovation , i was so happy when i had actual plumbing installed up to the second floor of my summer house . 
  several cities have also grown quite impressive with the oil and gas boom , and look quite modern , such as yekatirinburg and novosibirsk . 
  recently there has also been a large push to develop the east , especially vladivostok , so a lot of money will be moving that direction i can also bring up an example of the state of us infrastructure as an example of a large country , where infrastructure deficiencies are common in areas far from the big powerhouses or historically industrial areas that are shells of their former selves . 
  a notable example is an area known as the rust belt , where many historic population centers have become unkempt with years of neglect , and of course cities like detroit need no introduction . 
  when your country has a huge amount of land , resources are going to be stretched quite thin , and priorities have to be set . 
  i for one am happy with the major transformation that moscow went through in the last decade , although obviously corruption here and there is something we could do without . 
  it 's not that there is a corrupt elite running russia , it 's that the grip of the state over society is highly exaggerated . 
  we 're not north korea , we just have a relatively stable balance of power among the different factions thanks to the management efforts of putin . 
  the state however does have gaps in the rule of law , which gives some decent amount of freedom to engage in activities that would be mostly attempted to be curbed . 
  this is can be both a positive and a negative , but there are most certainly gaps in coverage of the law , especially in the sparsely-populated east . 
  politically , the state maintains close to complete political power , yes , but that does n't necessarily mean that it manages to influence social life on a totalitarian level, 
  baltics mostly is due to that huge decline in population living there , they are most definitely not even close to being considered powerhouse in any sense of the word, 
  that buffer was pretty much essential in the old days to put some space between the invaders . 
  obviously sucked for you guys , but it was good in terms of security . 
  i mean now i guess you can relax a bit since the buffer does n't need to be as big as to require an invasion of poland, 
  `` man fuck those imperialistic russians , being invaded by napoleon !, 
  such a victim complex '' seriously ? 
  i mean using an example of the time we were the victim , and victim-shaming ? 
  slowly western , particularly anglophone , media is dropping the pretense that they mean no ill will towards russians to come to what it 's really been about since the last century : you are inferior and do not deserve neither respect nor understanding . 
  i mean hey , at least they 're cutting some of the bullshit, 
  there 's definitely still corruption in russia , and it gets worse at any economic downturn , but what separates russia from ukraine from that respect is that there is an understanding that the state comes first , not the oligarchs . 
  there is a big difference between power held by state institutions that rival each other and having a bunch of oligarchs with personal battalions wrecking instability, 
  populism in a nutshell, 
  it 's a bit of a shit comparison really . 
  bosniaks and serbs are united in many ways save for the religious aspects of culture . 
  i mean , obviously it 's a bit too late for bosniaks to just suddenly all convert back , but ottoman rule really did a number on the balkans, 
  they could just be plates they kept when moving to the us, 
  it 's being investigated by the aptly-named investigative committee ( sk ) , no shit parliament does n't do it, 
   ossete - ingush conflict were about stalin era and mid-era soviet policies consequences and with any form of unified north caucasus , this kind of problems sure would come to an end since there would n't be any reason to fight about while you live under the same country - there would n't be any separate ingush or ossetian land but a unified caucasus so nobody would go and fight over if a land is ossetian or ingush . 
  why not ? 
  when ethnicity is an important factor for the population , and it is very important , this is a quite possible scenario . 
   well , i do n't think that clan structure in chechnya or old clan structure among the circassian , abkhazian , ossetian people gon na stay forever - and yet , it has became just an old cultural issue in the diaspora anyway . 
  people tend to became more individual and clans are going to be just some old issues in a period ; sure , it would be something like scottish clans with the help of a progressive government . 
  i highly disagree with this assertion . 
  clan based structures do n't just magically disappear over time . 
  if they did , afghanistan , yemen , etc would n't be in this much a mess . 
  fledgling multiethnic and multi-confessional states do not just get along just for the sake of it , the supremacy of a central ethnicity tends to be the stabilizing force . 
  throw in some natural resources like oil and watch the friction grow . 
   sure , but islamism and salafism movements were outsiders . 
  basaev joined them and became a part of them - and also , it 's clear that basayev encouraged by the russian federation as well . 
  these issues and movements were not about chechen internal structure but they were rather imported from outside and they had all their ties on the outside . 
  basaev encouraged by russia ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's an outside influence , the nature of the world we live in is based on the spread of ideas of different cultures . 
  chechens as a group made a decision as a nation to convert in hopes of gaining ottoman support , islamic culture by nature is a part of chechen culture much like christianity is a part of western culture . 
   i ca n't argue that there were n't huge ethnic cleansings and crimes against non-chechen and non-north caucassian people , especially georgian people who settled in abkhazia during the soviet era , but it was n't and it is not a necessity or the soul of the independence movements . 
  also , sure that , a unified caucasus would solve this kind of problems as well ; nobody would think about the need of purifying the land from possible threats from other nationals if all these national groups hold together and live under the same roof . 
  and what would keep them all together , western liberalism ? 
  yea you 're not going to get a unified north caucaus for a couple of reasons , such as the ossete - ingush conflict , as well as the clan structure in chechnya that helped cause a fragmented chechen state . 
  basaev was n't an outsider , and there were many like him that believed more in pan-islamism rather than ties with the west like mashkadov proposed . 
  oh and the whole ethnic cleansing against non-chechens was n't really a big positive of chechen independence , and that was a big problem in most caucasian independence movements the likes of abkhazia ossetia and chechnya . 
  it is n't as clear cut as just russians messed everything up , it was a lot of reasons, 
  the only thing that would change is that they will just fight each other . 
  like they did in the 90s, 
  i recognize her !, 
  she was that bitch that attacked some office in western ukraine accusing them of funding separatists . 
  shame that it took this long to act against her, 
  are you daft ? 
  yea that 's not gon na work, 
  the threat from the west is n't so much europe as it is the united states . 
  despite many people here talking about how `` russians hate eurogays '' or whatever , europe is n't really something that can be hated , considering we are also european for the most part . 
  the threat comes from us installations in europe , and considering the low impact of eastern tensions on the us , it makes it much more possible for their leadership to fuck around than any european state . 
  pretty much everyone wants stable relations on the continent , russians for one would love a bilateral visa free regime , it 's just that we all have different ideas on what it consists of . 
  for russia , american troops on the russian border is quite the existential threat , which is why our leadership will do what it takes to prevent that scenario . 
  of course the baltics are already nato , but that 's not as big of an invasion route as the ukrainian border . 
  tldr russian anxiety comes from the us , not really europe, 
  because it 's bullshit, 
  facebook is n't restricted , it 's just not as popular as native services . 
  yandex and vk trample google and fb in russia, 
  the fuck you bullshitting for ? 
  russia did bear responsibility as the ussr 's successor in 2010 . 
  the fuck do you want, 
  they did , it 's msk now, 
  this might be a product of having an imperialist history spanning many different regions and ethnicities . 
  compared to western imperialism , most eastern nations have been either a small homogenous group that resisted imperialism from both east and west . 
  they had holdings in neither the east nor west indies , from where people would have emigrated . 
  some eastern bloc countries do have small populations from socialist countries like vietnam , but they are rare . 
  russia is mixed in this sense because one one hand you have the fixation on the descendants of rus ' ( belarus , russia , ukraine ) , on the other hand there is the rossiyanin identity for any russian citizen , due to russia 's ethnic and cultural diversity . 
  a descendant of immigrants wants to ban immigrants * ` murica *, 
  used to ? 
  dude bites cops and chills mostly in manhattan , he has n't been really relevant every since he decided to be a prostitute, 
  literally means ` wonder ', 
   i am claiming that much of the criticism is based on zero understanding of international law . 
  that 's probably because the international laws being applied entered into force mostly on the last days of colonialism , just look how many states were originally members of the un , it is not implausible to understand the reaction when the conventions were written by a few major powers as opposed to , at the very least , regional representative powers . 
  i can understand why some might disregard international laws , when the conflicts are happening in states that did not exist when they were being written . 
  this is of course not a condemnation of international law on my part , but rather understanding the bias that some aspects of it possess  furthermore , people do n't see the issue of the bigger evil in the cold war context as the us had to keep the soviets at bay . 
  ok you have to stick to a story here , either you are defending international law or you are resorting to cheap black-and-white bullshit arguments . 
  for many of these states , the us was ` the bigger evil ' as you put it , at least keep your hypocrisy in check  there 's no chauvinism here , just anti-russian chauvinism . 
  so chauvinism is ok if it ' a against russia ? 
  what ? 
  so there really is no case for humanitarian intervention then , it basically all falls on the strategic interests of power blocs such as nato more than on international law , as do all intervention without unsc approval . 
  so just because your strategic interests may be with upholding the us hegemony , that is not the case for other states throughout history , so you simply throwing out most of the abuses for strategic interests is not really applicable to most of these countries , because * not everyone shares your loving view of the united states ' influence on the world * , and to simply dismiss other peoples ' concerns of that influence just further ignorance and to some degree chauvinism , something that i am surprised you as an estonian seem to almost endorse, 
  is there any concrete treaty on the matter ? 
  all right then , here 's a question then . 
  under international law as you were taught in uni , how would us interventions on syrian soil be justified ? 
  in addition , what theory of ir do you feel you can `` relate '' too ? 
  from ? 
   oh please ... do you even international law ?
