  more like a map-lover , and hey we have a few countries implicitly recognizing the new crimean authorities , indian representatives met with them a year ago iirc, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southern_provinces a while ago, 
  yea , the most we have is an extremely token chinatown ( not kitay-gorod ) up in the north , but all it is is a couple of restaurants and chinese diplomatic quarters, 
  i can agree with that, 
  i do n't think there really was , because i doubt that anyone had any idea how many defected , as most of the defection happened in a pow camp facing certain death . 
  let 's not forget that nazi germany applied `` asiatic horde '' rhetoric towards the ussr , and kalmyks were pretty much the definition of that , and did face death by virtue of being mongol . 
  anything to save their asses from certain death would be taken by people too scared to die . 
  i doubt that our authorities had real figures , and the general paranoia at the time had dealt a lot of clouding in addition to the fog of war . 
  while there clearly was defection by fools to the equally foolish roa , there was a lot of overkill in stalin 's policies concerning minority groups, 
  there were still more kalmyks fighting in the red army than for nazi germany, 
  well yes , but stalin did a lot of damage , and he also deported people with no risk of defection and great historical loyalty to the russian state , such as kalmyks . 
  that only really came very after stalin , when people were actually able to go back to their assrs , and even then groups like koreans , who did n't get an assr were stuck in uzbekistan . 
  any book you can recommend ? 
  i just took it from a citation discussing the impact of the release of the state archives , the 60 million is one from prior to the release , and i have n't read the methologies for the rest of the estimates , so i ca n't really say . 
  can you provide a sample ? 
  what was the point of your comment then ? 
  are you trying to be contrarian ? 
  right now all i see is a chance for you to put in rhetoric , so cut the bullshit, 
  it actually is n't too high , that 's the new estimate after revelations found by the us holocaust memorial center [ back in 2013 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/9906771/nazis-may-have-killed-up-to-20m-claims-shocking-new-holocaust-study.html ) even if it is listed as may , their consensus is that the number will be significantly revised , meanwhile stalin 's death toll still hangs at 3 million , which is still less than previous holocaust figure of 6 million jews alone according to haaretz , with that number increasing significantly when you include the non-jewish death toll, 
  once again , does n't actually mean much , it 's a big country , just because you have n't met them does n't mean they do n't exist, 
   you 're just cherrypicking non-nato members . 
  have you looked at popular american films these past 25 years ? 
  this already after the fall of communism , this is n't the cold war era . 
   it 's incredibly easy to find incredibly detailed information on russian histories , government , policies , economics , political and military theory , people in power , spending power of the citizens , rights of the citizens , diplomatic tensions with neighbouring states , ethnic make-up , social norms , cultural differences , educational standards , corruption levels , popular entertainers , it 's all there . 
  there 's no media blackout . 
  there 's no iron curtain . 
  it 's easier to find information , but : 1 ) people usually do not look for information , they use their preconcieved biases 2 ) not all information is equal in veracity , something that is very visible on reddit , especially with subs like / r/europe and / r/worldnews  this is something that has been termed a very russian mindset [ not when the roots of the modern iteration of propaganda came from the american private sector ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_bernays ) , there is now a huge industry in the manufacturing of commercial propaganda , targeting products , ideologies , nations , private companies , and individuals . 
  to deny the role of propaganda in daily life is extremely stupid , as is just attributing it to `` those crazy russians '' , this is an industry that has gone through a lot of growth and change , but it 's core is still the same : to sell you something, 
   no it 's your word against existing russian state narrative that pushes the existence of an imagined prejudice to excuse it 's actions , and the lack of an existing american state narrative pushing the same thing . 
  well there is certainly prejudice coming from lack of understanding , it is n't something horrifying and dreadful , but it 's definitely there , the only other people that have experience that currently are serbs and to some extent the chinese , as we are usually the boogeyman in hollywood and british media for starters . 
  and the american state does push that view vis-a-vis russians that are `` brainwashed '' by the kremlin  russophobia . 
  i know , it sounds embarrassing just mentioning it , does n't it ? 
  russian is n't a race  when your state ( your government ) and you ( your people ) stop pushing a fabricated prejudice as an excuse for their governments actions , then i 'll stop talking about your people pushing a fabricated prejudice . 
  implying propaganda is something that ever stops, 
  the second example is n't a good example of art as propaganda [ here is an example ] ( http://www.bbc.com/culture/story/20130703-can-propaganda-be-great-art ), 
   anecdotal evidence is worth the paper it is printed on . 
  either way it 's your word against mine , does n't make you any more correct  `` freedom fries '' was not inventing a racial prejudice to explain every criticism of the government . 
  it 's not even in the same ball park . 
  the fuck kind of racial prejudice you talking about ? 
   i know the americans do n't invent a prejudice to defend themselves like your people do . 
  you 're the one already grouping my people together , you do n't even know you 're prejudiced !, 
  while not without its biases , this article provides a better picture than that shitshow `` russia , 2016 '' post that was made on the weekend, 
  i do n't think you have actually seen the updated stats . 
  after the ussr collapsed and state archives were opened for research , the ballpark estimates for deaths under stalin is 3 million , with up 10 million total victims ( not necessarily dead ) . 
  the holocaust in comparison has been revised to up to 20 million dead a couple of years ago , the difference is stark !, 
  it will probably only happen when there is some stabilization in ukraine , because the current rhetoric helps avoid looking too much inwards , but not enough to completely distract, 
  do you live in a large city in a blue state , or do you live in a conservative area ? 
   what you 're saying makes no sense . 
  what is `` because i sit in an echo-chamber '' that `` is n't predominantly american . '', 
  what does that sentence even mean ? 
  your subreddit is n't predominantly american , is it an echo chamber too ? 
  i have been in america for prolonged periods of time , i actually have experience . 
   are you saying americans do complain about `` ameriphobia ? '', 
  conservative circles most certainly do . 
   `` what are the words of a man who leads two posts with accusations of sitting in an echo chamber ? '', 
  you 're the one claiming americans do n't complain , i 'm saying you 're wrong, 
  once again , because you sit in an echo-chamber of a community that is n't predominantly american . 
  this is n't something that is covered by media , this is something you see either on / r/shitamericanssay or on the ground when it happens . 
   and i 'll take the assertion from the moderator of the ultra-right wing / r/russia that i sit in an echo chamber as a half-hearted attempt at self-satire . 
  i 'll take `` character assassination '' for 300 please, 
  americans do complain , you just sit in an echo chamber, 
  oh shit my bad it was 1334 , not 1134, 
  the russian economy is recovering , and the government is stable , it 's fine, 
   how did the country grow or benefit from political killings and ethnic cleansing ? 
  it did n't , it grew from the economic and industry policy that stalin had set . 
  not everything was oppression , even though some of it was, 
  the thing is , putin solidified his relationships with both the security blocs and the economic liberals , to the point of being able to use his relationships to keep balance , and in turn , order between the factions . 
  gorbachev did not have complete control of the kgb , and he allowed some in the agency to gain too much independence from his policy . 
  the kgb is supposed to be subordinate to the chairman , not going rogue, 
  thank you, 
  http://sovietinfo.tripod.com/wcr-german_soviet.pdf unlike you , i can actually back my words, 
  how is the fact that most victims survived false information ? 
  it 's backed by actual research , while you 're just pulling shit out of your ass, 
   the '' nuance '' in the aspect of our legionnaires is that there is literally no proof that they did any war crimes , nor were they accused of such - as per the nuremburg trials , validated by the ussr itself . 
  well a some were , those that came from arajs kommando were involved in war crimes , even if they justified it by saying they were freedom fighters . 
  either way , there still has to be nuance vis-a-vis stalin 's rule, 
  did n't mussolini start off as a socialist in his youth ? 
  i 'm not the asshole joking about repression, 
   but i want to say i think you are too hard on some leaders . 
  soviet system was very complex with lots of competing factions and power centers . 
  only stalin really had centralized power . 
  call it a divergence of views i guess . 
  post-stalin , one of the major jobs of the head of state of the ussr and the soviet union is the successful mediation of interests of the various elites and fractions within the government , while at the same time providing successful results to the state domestically and internationally . 
  it is why putin is considered a net successful leader so far , while yeltsin and gorbachev are considered net failures . 
  i still maintain that the pace of modernization was inadequate , and so was the imperial government 's response to the people . 
  we ca n't really argue that this is not the case , because we already know for a fact that the emperor was overthrown , even before the bolshevik revolution, 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/9906771/nazis-may-have-killed-up-to-20m-claims-shocking-new-holocaust-study.html add to that the war casualties column : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties meanwhile stalin : http://sovietinfo.tripod.com/wcr-german_soviet.pdf page 1334 more information on the study is given on wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#calculating_the_number_of_victims, 
   china didnt call the us . 
  us went to them , and china had no reason not to improve relations . 
  it was us attitude toward china that was keeping china from turning against russia . 
  us softened its stance and the rest happened naturally . 
  [ the damansky island war ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/3hc8li/china_and_russia_in_the_21st_century_the_illness/cu63c17 ) was the call to america , the united states at that time lumped communist countries together , and did n't understand the inter-communist relationship above mccarthyist rhetoric . 
  the war was the equivalent of china crashing cymbals really loudly to get throught to american leadership that sino-soviet relations were doomed . 
   and dont blame bad environmental policy on him . 
  that was the ussr during its whole history . 
  it was not a green empire and the environment was something to be exploited . 
  it was khruschev 's virgin lands that did it though , but i digress . 
   and gorbachev didnt lose track of reforms . 
  he was sabotaged by hardliners and regional elites who refused to cooperate . 
  this was the old berzhnav gang .
