  they sacrificed the whole ussr to keep their personal powers . 
  that is the very definition of lose track , he was the leader , and he fucked it by not ensuring efficient change . 
  reform is only good if it actually makes beneficial change , not bitterness and depression . 
   honestly it was probably too late anyone . 
  the ussr needed those reforms in the early 70s not the mid 80s . 
  agreed, 
   of course it was . 
  everyone knows that . 
  but , that does n't make him an idiot . 
  maybe other things do , but certainly not that . 
  you ca n't blame leaders because it somehow leads to war/conflict between future nations that do n't even exist in the present . 
  that 's why i conceded the point  what do you think he did wrong with china , because that was obviously of incredible importance ? 
  could n't that also just be nixon doing something better versus him being an idiot ? 
  maybe the usa just had more to offer as a possibility ? 
  historians and analysts have gone through the history , [ this is the concensus ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/3hc8li/china_and_russia_in_the_21st_century_the_illness/cu63c17 )  i did n't think i was going to be defending soviet leaders today . 
  at least you are actually stimulating a productive and interesting conversation, 
   i am certainly not defending hitler , but you ca n't ignore the fact that stalin absolutely viewed anyone that was n't russian as a problem along with finding ways to fuck over russians as well . 
  i 'm not , i 'm tired of repeating myself here  the ussr could have modernized and improved the standard of living without brutally oppressing its people . 
  but it did n't , there was no figure that made it to that point of power that did it , so it 's a moot point . 
  look this is fucking history , not a presidential elections . 
  we are n't electing stalin , we are evaluating him a significant time away from his rule . 
  he did a fuckton of horrible shit , but he also advanced the ussr forward in terms of development . 
  i 'm not fucking saying that i like stalin and would put flowers on his grave or some shit like that , i 'm saying it is hard to assess his rule with a simple `` he was great/he was horrible '' , something a decent portion of this sub somehow refuses to understand, 
   and stalin did not treat china as equals . 
  he looked down on them , greatly . 
  khruschev had much more respect for china than stalin ever did . 
  the real issue is mao developed a different model and russia wanted everyone following their model and tied to moscow . 
  it was a natural rivalry . 
  and the chinese were right as they succeeded in long run . 
  and that was exactly what khruschev should have done correctly then and there . 
  stalin 's attitudes towards the chinese did not matter at that point , because china was going through not only japanese invasion , but a civil war as well , so stalin afforded to treat them like junior partners . 
  by khruschev 's time , china was already united and ready to develop and act as a strong international actor , and khruschev did not adjust for it . 
   im sorry but the russian and chiense alliance wouldnt last . 
  china just needed aid from russia , and when china was strong to stand on its own it went against russia . 
  it did not need to last , but it did need to have set an understanding between the two powers . 
  the only reason china even bothered to call up the us was because of how horribly mismanaged relations were starting from khruschev , to the point that there was a shooting war . 
   you kinda have the reverse now . 
  not nearly to the same extent , gas purchases and loans are nothing like the amount of support that the ussr provided to both the roc and prc prior to the 60s . 
  it is incorrect to call the situations equivalent , but there is no denying that china is on a better foothold in power at this point of time  khrushchev was a leader who truly cared for the people of ussr . 
  that care wo n't bring back the aral sea  the only other leader who did was gorbachev . 
  in both cases other hardline leaders sabotaged needed reforms . 
  it was gorbachev 's responsibility to not let things get out of hand , and he failed . 
  that is what matters , not some rose-tinted views on how he helped the people . 
  he ended up screwing up the state by losing track of his reforms . 
  ironically though he did begin the process of patching things up with the chinese . 
  no i am not , i know stalin 's oppression of minorites , but even he did not run a comprehensive system of absolute extermination like hitler did . 
  stalin 's victims of repression for the most part were able to survive , and were eventually repatriated , although their suffering was large as well, 
  it 's hard to not be dickish to this user in particular , the man does nothing but shitpost, 
  i can concede that , but it was the root cause of the crimean conflict of 2014 . 
   i see , so long as the union became ` strong ' , killing off millions of people is totally justified . 
  justification has fuck all to do with it , it 's what happened , and the country grew in many ways from it , while at the same time at great costs . 
  but it still was a fucking advantage nevertheless . 
   germany became extremely strong under hitler yet nazi germany collapsed , so did the soviet union . 
  / r/shitwehraboossay germany was absolutely weak , it 's why it fucking lost . 
  the soviet union outlasted stalin , and his successors managed to slowly bungle it  but go on , tell us how it 's different with stalin that killed far more than hitler . 
  hitler 's germany wass responsible for the death of some ~ ~ 30 million people ~ ~ 20 million civilians , not factoring in famines . 
  stalin 's highest estimate is like ~ ~ 10 million ~ ~ 3 million without famines ( with up 10 million victims ) , how the fuck are you so bad at math to actually think hitler 's authority killed less people than stalin , when hitler waged a fucking world war , along with systematic extermination of peoples , with many more still on the way, 
   all in all he is a fucking shitbag i do n't deny it , but he did bring the fixes , and the industrialization of the empire was still to weak . 
  the russian empire was doomed to fall in one way or another , thanks to the inadequate pace of development , and revolution and war was unfortunately unescapable , that was just the reality of the situation . 
  it would have been nice if there wasn '' t a break in development , but that 's not what happened , and history happened as it did . 
  frankly it 's counterproductive to discuss history by saying `` i do n't like that this happened , that was stupid and bad '' , it needs to be understood why things happened and to learn from the past experience , because it wo n't change , it happened , it 's final , now we move on forward in the best way we can, 
   same exact thing can be said about hitler . 
  hitler was n't a mixed bag , he was a murderous son of a bitch , and his country collapsed in his rule , the soviet union became stronger under stalin , which is quite the difference  that 's really rich coming from you . 
  i can actually back my reasoning with thorough explanations and analysis of events and decisions . 
  all you do is come on russia-related threads and shitpost relentlessly . 
  you have provided absolutely zero insight on anything meaningful on this sub , with the bulk of your contributions focusing on circlejerking and yelling abnoxiously . 
  if you stopped posting in this sub , its quality would experience a decent uplift , and there would be a better chance for dialog , and not the absolute misinformation shitfest that 's happening in the top comments, 
  it very much does make a difference , and hitler was worse by stalin even in thee time he had , there 's no competition . 
   crimea was irrelevant . 
  russia had control of it regardless of what republic got it . 
  his action caused the current crisis in the long-term , as did yeltsin  china and ussr split would happen either way . 
  china and russia are historic rivals , china was weak and needed aid when china was on its feet bound to happen . 
  that 's exactly the kind of attitude that brought the split , it was not a given that the split occurred , it happened because of khruschev 's constant inability to respect chinese internal interests and to treat the chinese as an equal partner . 
  sure , longer down the road , china would become more independent in its path , but khruschev and brezhnev really fucked up by ignoring them in such a critical time . 
   what khrushchev did was actually improve the standard of living in the ussr . 
  under stalin life was hell , he also ended gulag and purges . 
  there is truth that this increase in standard of living , and ending gulgag/purges did lead to fall of ussr because the ussr needed fear to keep people in line and couldnt support a better standard of living but he had economic reforms planned to allow the ussr to support the increased standard of living . 
  i can agree with this , but his mistakes did a lot to cancel out these benefits in the long run . 
   it was brezhnev who doomed the ussr . 
  he kept the standard of living increases , failed to make economic reforms , greatly increased the arms race , and ignored the rot in the economy . 
  he was the idiot and if not for him maybe russia 's communist empire may have lasted . 
  he definitely made it worse , and his mistakes were similar to that of khruschev , without the added benefit of social growth, 
  that 's my biggest gripe with stalin , and why i will never bring myself to like him . 
  i will say that the theoretical protection mechanisms did eventually help bring some retribution , albeit quite some time later . 
  the assrs at least served as a point where many of the groups were allowed to finally returned , and today most of their successors the republics do provide them with the chance for cultural development , albeit starting from a weaker position . 
  the real peoples that got screwed definitely had be the ones who did n't even get that , like the koryo-saram . 
  quite the misfortune for them, 
  look up his attitude towards india, 
  welcome to / r/europe , do n't stay on for too long, 
  with hitler being the first , right ? 
  so you have n't refuted anything . 
  if hitler got away with his plans , huge swaths of populations would have been absolutely annihilated . 
  stalin was a brutal motherfucker , but at the very least you can keep dissent quiet and lose property over your life . 
  hitler would have killed you for just being you , and that 's the difference . 
  relevant username, 
  khruschev was absolutely incompetent , he was part of the reason of the fall of the ussr , thanks to his complete bungling of relations with china , which led to them joining the us in opposition to the ussr , not to mention the whole crimea debacle . 
  the man was an idiot, 
  the improvements were still not enough to really jumpstart russian development , the development under stalin happened really rapidly in comparison , but of course the same amount of development was followed by the proportional amount to it of repression and suffering . 
  people on this thread do n't understand that if there was someone that could bring all the progress without the repression , he would have been obviously preferred over stalin . 
  but we 're talking about historical figures , and history is n't going to change , so we need to come to terms with it .
