  russian media has nothing to do with it , so get your head out of your ass, 
  literally this week several people were arrested for facebook posts they made in regards to `` black lives matter '' in the us, 
  belarusian users have led me to believe it 's more complex that just ussr nostalgic system , but there is indeed a risk of stagnation . 
  there are always tradeoffs in risks , but belarus can look south and see that stagnation is a chance under that system as well . 
  it certainly seems that stagnation is a concern one way or another, 
  if romania actually decided to invade moldova , it would not have the support of nato , nor wide swaths of the population of the invaded country , particularly the gaugauz who have the right to secede even if moldova decided on its own to join romania . 
  after this , it will be highly likely that the opposing population will turn to russia , whose army can definitely beat the romanians , and take some of the equipment that is n't destroyed away , a la georgia . 
  western europe did not enjoy it when georgia broke a ceasefire to attack south ossetia , imagine their reaction when romania straight up invades another country , it 's suicide, 
  ` smarts ' have nothing to do with , romania is just unable to pull such a feat off . 
  you know whose military russia without a doubt can beat ? 
  romania 's if they choose to make such a move . 
  nato wo n't protect it in a war of aggression against a state , the reason is more like romania would have to have a completely retarded cabinet to even attempt something like that, 
  ukraine is something to compare to for belarus because it should have done much better economically thanks to its sea access and natural resources , but even that was squandered . 
  it is not clear if belarus would not have gone down the same route if lukashenko did n't become president , and nobody really wants to experiment for the sake of experimentation , that 's what got russia belarus and ukraine in deep shit in the first place, 
  jesus you latvians just keep getting more racist , `` evil russians going to rape your women and eat your children '' . 
  have fun alienating a tenth of your population, 
  bear in mind that most of the equipment encountered 1970s era challenges in combat , fighting russia and fighting iraq or argentina is n't the same thing, 
  you do realize that most of the international community sends aid , including the us ? 
  what you propose is seriously retarted, 
  ergo it ca n't, 
  notice that with all of that you said , belarus was and is still doing better than ukraine , a state with more economic potential . 
  lukashenko has definitely played his cards very well so far, 
  powell 's has been `` surprised '' by so many of these events it 's like his eyes were always closed at work, 
  despite the exaggeration of the russian media , no one can realistically deny that radical nationalists and neo-nazis are getting a worrying amount power in ukraine , both in public life and on the battlefield . 
  it 's a real shitty game current ukrainian politiciians are playing , and it could potentially catastrophically backfire . 
  ukraine was n't really that much of a tolerant place even before . 
  the issue is though that what happened in crimea is a resolution of one of the many issues that stem from the soviet collapse on how the post-soviet looks . 
  there 's is a reason why there were so many immediate conflicts after the collapse , and it was n't all russia taking land , these were and are still problems in regions that did not feel like they belonged . 
  it is not clear why unrelated states should interfere in these complex issue, 
  no its pretty explicit in saying from the time it goes into force , all new contracts would require open source , previous licences unaffected, 
  well there has been the start of a small scandal where cmu ran exit nodes for either the nsa or fbi , forgot which agency, 
   someone born in the us to a dutch parent would hold both american and dutch citizenship for instance . 
  you 'd think so , but apparently not . 
  i 've known a case where a child born in the us to a dutch citizen was not given a dutch citizenship as well, 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  people tend to take sides in wars , especially if there 's a vested interest, 
  more like no one except the west and its allies , since nobody else is sanctioning the peninsula, 
  i mean the only people that actually care is the west , other countries do n't care enough to recognize it or not . 
  india even hosted crimean authorities on a trade meeting between it and russia , so by doing business with it , it 's already implicitly recognized, 
  it worked out well enough that we were able to retake it after 23 years , although it really should have been done then and there so there would n't have been any tensions today, 
  looks like it 's being held without issue , even building infrastructure to connect it even better, 
  strange , i see russian institutions governing crimea , if crimea is ukrainian , then where are their representatives ? 
  its as if they have absolutely zero control over the peninsula !, 
  russia never had poland in the 20th century , while crimea was and is again in russia, 
  poland was an independent puppet , crimea has been under moscow 's control since the late 18th century, 
  well clearly it shall not since it 's under russian administration and no one wants to go back to ukraine there . 
  why do you feel the need to insult crimeans evem suggesting it ? 
  considering the fact that they lived there for more than a century now , they are completely justified in choosing to join russia , especially since the crimean tatars were n't politically relevant since the 18th century . 
  they havent been the representatives of crimea for a long time , so if the majority of the population wanted the accession to happen , the opinions of a much smaller minority ca n't impact that decision . 
  crimean tatars would have a case if they were indeed the significant majority of the population in the 1940s , but they were n't, 
  if you remember history class , the un was founded because the league of nations was a joke that only managed to legitimize control over the so-called mandates , the legacy of which global and regional powers are still dealing with today, 
  yea that still confirms that they were not the majority population , crimea even by these statistics was still more russian than crimean tatar even 50 years before the deportation , so talk of how all these russians came out of nowhere is still stupid, 
  read carefully , the article says that the tat people made up 55 % of all crimean tatars , not that they were 55 % of the crimean population . 
  and ` dude ' , you realize all wars are illegal by someone 's standards right ? 
  such was life in the first half of the 20th century , this was before the un even existed, 
   so is russia going to give back karelia which they stole from finland ? 
  i mean crimea was only given back in 1954 , and russia annexed finnish karelia early 1940 . 
  i find the arguement that just because there are russia citizens there means that its okay for russia the ` mother country ' to annex it . 
  but you seem to forget that crimea before was n't majority russian , it was majority tartar before the mass deportations , during the ukraine crisis the tartar crisis spoke out against the annexation and of course were silenced . 
  same goes for the baltics , you can not mass deport the local population , then influx it with your own and claims its ` yours ' now . 
  it actually was majority russian before the deportation , only 15 % of the population was crimean tatar . 
  which is exactly why the whole point is moot . 
  in addition it was only the maijilis that spoke out and their supporters , who then moved to to cut electricity to crimea . 
  the ussr annexed karelia , but as you know all the finnish citizens left anyway . 
  so there is no significant group in karelia who actually wants to join finland . 
  and on your last point , that 's kind of how things were done until the mid 20th century . 
  during the continuation war , finns took land in the ussr the same way, 
  oh please , you and every other self-styled reddit political scientist, 
  sitting on / r/europe talking about shit you are ignorant to is n't a learning experience , it 's called a circlejerk, 
  you might say whatever you want , but ultimately the people that matter are debating whether to even renew them this year, 
  a russian flag flies over the peninsula , and it is administered by russian authorities , and when crimeans are asked their nationality they overwhelmingly say russian . 
  sounds like crimea is russian, 
  there is nothing written about any state having any moral right to any land , the document was only signed under a drunk president while the country was in shambles . 
  the only reason crimea was ever a part of an independent ukraine is because russia 's inability to function was taken advantage of , now crimea is back where it wanted to be in the first place, 
  the european union will not become a federation in the near future , if ever . 
  right now its influence is only effective with the help of the us , russia , and china , and even then a minor role, 
  hits bottom is an exaggeration , the economy is still able enough to be a facet of influence . 
  power is n't measured by one attribute , it 's the combination of all facets of the state . 
  germany is a power , but its only influence is within europe , which is and always has been its weakness, 
   western european regional powers are pretty much united on that issue . 
  seems pretty clear that they are not , including germany . 
  if they were , there would n't be articles talking about how fragile the whole thing is, 
  well no not recently , back in the 1990s . 
  the reconstruction has been ongoing since the end of straight up military confrontation, 
  because the majority of the population was able to stay steadfastly russian in their identity while mainland eastern ukraine was more strongly exposed to modern ukrainian influence . 
  crimea was only de-jure ukrainian from 1956 , and only de-facto ukrainian in 1991 , so their ukrainian history is only a blip in the larger scale of things, 
  sure , but russia is still more influential than germany in these regions , which is what is being talked about . 
  russia provides iraq with supplies in its war with is , security and economic assistance and trade to post-soviet central asia , security cooperation and trade to afghanistan , a lot of stuff with india owing to our historical relations , a market for east and southeast asian goods , a mediator and trade partner for south korea , a trade and on/off political partner for china , a weapons supplier for vietnam , a source of significant tourism for thailand , etc , etc just because you do n't know does n't mean it is n't there, 
  that 's the thing though , the western european regional powers do n't really want to , because it is n't beneficial to them either . 
  the united states might , but russia does n't trade much with them for it to matter too much, 
  peers as in fellow crimean citizens , crimean tatar-slavic relations have always been rocky no one can deny that, 
  along with iran , iraq , central asia , south asia , east asia and parts of latin america, 
  definitely the latter , if it is n't obvious enough . 
  laws only matter if there is someone to enforce them, 
  it did . 
  it then rebuilt it into [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=%d0%b3%d1%80%d0%be%d0%b7%d0%bd%d1%8b%d0%b9&amp;client=ubuntu&amp;hs=zfn&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiv1-t096_nahvdwh4khwnrcpgqsaqikw&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=748 ), 
  how about anything outside europe for instance ? 
  germany only has strong diplomatic clout in europe , everywhere else russia is definitely more influential . 
  many certainly favored it over the realistic alternative at the time , as the independence movement by then was hijacked by radical islamists . 
  welcome is a stretch , but definitely were more tolerant of the idea , especially after the amount of funds the federal government poured into the region,
