  it was led by people who were interested in wargames and saw an opportunity to play general , there 's a reason they did not last . 
  and equipment is equipment , it needs hands to be used , and those hands were mostly local  as for crimea , if you forgot the `` authorities '' were mohyliov and co. 
  suddenly bunch of armed russian soldiers broke in parliament and within hour aksyonov , gangster who led minor party , became pm . 
  there were no authorities to begin with . 
  which made it that much easier to take over without a shot un crimea , but nobody 's talking about crimea except for you  and ua at this point has no interest to crush anyone . 
  donbass is a dead-zone . 
  industry destroyed , people ran away , warlords running their affairs and it all costs russia billions . 
  billions that ua doesnt have . 
  so ... why would it want it ? 
  there is nothing much to gain of donbass aside of some artificial pride . 
  ask poroshenko , but it probably has to do with the fact that those imf agreement remain contingent on a dejure unified ukraine , not to mention all of that coal they keep trying to bring in from the donbass discretely . 
  but then it was obvious that the soldiers were russian , they were all wearing simplified ratnik gear , in the east there was no such intervention , the people were private individuals that challenged their authorities and managed to take over administrations without firing a shot , before facing ukrainian soldiers and private militias . 
  comparisons to crimea do n't hold up as much because in this case it did n't even take actual russian soldiers to get the authorities to change allegiance , it was clear that there was no more loyalty for the new and antagonistic government than there was for the local groups and their sympathizers that came from elsewhere . 
  ignoring the local reasons for resentment , whether you agree with them or not , is not a path to resolution , and it 's clear that at this stage kiev does not have enough power to crush the rebellion . 
  ukraine has to compromise , it is a young state with very little clout and influence , the states it chose to try to woo will only go so far to help out in international and economic affairs, 
  the guy above uses crimea as an example of actual russian soldiers as opposed to the militiamen that mostly make up d/lnr, 
  oh i thought you meant originally in crimea, 
  calling european diplomacy `` where we settled difficult thinks '' is hilarious . 
  if they were settled we would n't be dealing with the same issues . 
  you confuse the european malaise of prosperity with actual resolution of conflicts , which europe has been pretty shit at since the 90s . 
  wishful thinking/ironic jokes/flattery, 
  ukrainian banks in crimea were shut down on the part of kiev , not russia, 
  into the waffen ss *, 
  no it 's because of the industrialized genocide they were conducting in europe , especially in the east . 
  the ussr did n't exterminate 80 % of germany when it was defeated . 
  and by the way , no russian government installed statues for stalin since khrushchev, 
  the guy before linked a wiki about all communist regimes, 
   radical nationalist lmao, 
  the russian military probably does not use that book , dugin is a boogeyman this sub loves to overinflate, 
  i have several times , i honestly do n't care if you like it or not at this point because this pointless chatter, 
  sure , does n't mean you have a valid point, 
  no , my problem is people who have no context whatsoever decide they feel they can butt into topics they have no business discussing, 
  still is n't an apt comparison , this is bilateral relations of two brother nations , whether ukrainians like it or not is irrelevant, 
  that would first have to be actually realistic, 
  hey man , i 'm not saying they did n't and that it was n't horrible , it 's just that nazi and japanese crimes were still much worse in its sheer industrialization of the massacres . 
  that does n't excuse stalin in any way, 
  no it was n't , most people came back from the gulags, 
  found in military bases and brought in from across the border , so what ? 
  the people operating them are still mostly locals, 
  and except the japanese and chinese , the ussr is comparable in that they deported people along with the nazis and the americans , and the deportees were either used for labor or resettlement . 
  gulags for as horrible as they were were n't death camps . 
   nazis and communists were responsible for by far more non-war related deaths and other atrocities that anything else in the world well obviously if you combine 2 factions against the 3rd , one of which was employing mass-genocide , that number is going to be big . 
  frankly it should be noted the large chuck of communist deaths came from mao 's actions , dealing with a massive chunk of the population . 
  soviet atrocities mostly occurred during stalinism and reached somewhere around 5 million , more if you consider famines as deliberate atrocities which i do not  regarding nazism , i have n't researched the topic and know little about it , but is seems that this ideology ( not the actual followers ) , is not about the `` final goal '' , but rather about current state of affairs ( the nation being superior ) . 
  i interpreted it more along the lines of `` we must give to the germans what we deserve '' kind of end-game , aka land and slaves, 
  nazi germany may not have been completely monolithic , but that only really applied to what to do with western europe . 
  among the conspirators of the july 20th plot , there were many that were only offended by part of hitler 's actions , not all , and many would have wanted to continue the war on the east , against the poles , the ussr , and anybody else standing in germany 's way . 
  even if the assassination were to happen , it is n't clear if any of us would have benefited from it in a way that would have made germany a better option but those sort of comparisons are n't limited for the two ideologies , one can also tally the amount of murder and exploitation brought upon by imperial systems of the western monarchies as well , and that has a death toll that spans several centuries . 
  nazism just so happens to be an ideology in which mass-killing was and end on itself , rather than a means to an end, 
  jesus christ you are an idiot, 
  well communists and nazis are n't monolithic groups . 
  even in the soviet union there were the stalinists and there were reformists , and around the world there were many different implementations of communism . 
  hell , cambodia had two directly warring communist groups : the china-backed khmer rouge and the vietnam-backed kampuchean comparty . 
  communism tends to have a wider variations in applications , whereas nazi ideology tends to only vary in which `` race '' enslaves the rest . 
  mongolian nazis , people who were considered to be members barbaric race to be exterminated , consider themselves top and foreigners to be subhuman , nazi collaborators in turn moved the goalposts to make themselves `` aryan '' , on the same level as the germans , but their actions remained the same , which ca n't be said of communists, 
  except nobody else was involved in exterminating except for nazi germany and its ideological allies . 
  i do n't know where you got an education , but it was definitely a poor one . 
  it 's not a bold claim . 
  nazi ideology is based on the idea that a specific `` race '' is superior to any around it , with `` aryans '' being on the top and jews , gypsies , `` asiatics '' , and slavs on the bottom , and that the bottom needs to be mostly exterminated with the rest to be enslaved . 
  communism in turn is a more radial version of socialism based on the idea that the underclasses of capitalist societies are oppressed and exploited by the upper classes for their own personal profit . 
  now we can debate on whether communism is the answer to fix inequalities , and whether the soviet union actually lived up to the communist and socialist ideals it espoused , but communism does n't inherently call for the extermination and enslavement of people , while nazism does . 
  so it is n't a bold claim to make that nazism is objectively more morally wrong than communism , because it 's an inherent fact . 
  it is when it directly implies the nazis were better for a people they saw as subhuman and were planning to exterminate when they won the war . 
  how is the part where hitler was in the process exterminating 90 % of eastern europe not clear ? 
  some sure , comparing nazis to communists is retarted, 
  anybody no shit , and nah i have n't participated in ethnic cleansing or in the glorification of those who did, 
  so og nazis that did the killing, 
  free healthcare , education , and housing how deplorable !, 
  how oppressive !, 
  korenization , the promotion of the ukrainian national identity for the first time by a moscow government , how oppressive and ethnically cleansing !, 
  it 's clear that you have no idea what you 're arguing against , and frankly i 'm done arguing with nazi apologists, 
  it 's pretty much a confirmed fact no matter who you ask . 
  who told you that ukrainians lived better under the nazis ? 
  the only people that could possibly say that are other neo-nazis, 
  because : * `` vladimir putin 's supporters '' is a label that they ca n't possibly confirm , so they just pulled it out of their ass * the link that 's on the mps name brings up an unrelated article on scotland * the man is a * former mp * , as listed on his fb page * what the article fails to mention is what rykov thinks of trump , which can easily be discerned from the pics he shared on his fb it 's misdirection by using selective facts and labels that are used for an agenda and then discarded, 
  it 's time to review history , because no , the gulags did n't kill 10s of millions of people and using wikipedia for political topics makes you a fool [ here 's the take of an actual historian with pro-western interpretation leanings ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2011/03/10/hitler-vs-stalin-who-killed-more/ )  it turns out that , with the exception of the war years , a very large majority of people who entered the gulag left alive . 
  judging from the soviet records we now have , the number of people who died in the gulag between 1933 and 1945 , while both stalin and hitler were in power , was on the order of a million , perhaps a bit more . 
  the total figure for the entire stalinist period is likely between two million and three million . 
  the great terror and other shooting actions killed no more than a million people , probably a bit fewer while i might not agree with his perception on the famine of 32-33 , it 's clear that you are arguing based on false information , so you should n't be even talking about shit you do n't know, 
   there is no evidence that confirms the opposite  there is , it 's found in the treatment of ukrainians under the nazis , that is all the evidence that is needed , and why racist nationalist groups like upa did not survive . 
  `` slavery '' in the soviet union involved having a normal life , with schools , stores , and society in general , nazi germany was fucking exterminating 90 % of the eastern european population and enslaving the rest to be personal servants . 
  there is no reality were the latter is better than the former, 
  no , because political thought and class are something that evolve over time , depending on circumstance , it 's why europe has n't remained a collection of feudal states . 
  either way , these political and class opponents of the state were for the most part deported and made to work in labor for the state , not worked to death and not to be executed ( unless they were high ranking members of the opposition such as the whites during the civil war , but that 's a different scenario ) , and with the destalinization , these groups were freed and allowed to return to a normal life ( provided they did n't go against the soviet state ) . 
  the key difference between nazi germany and the soviet union was that in the ussr one for the most part had to agitate against authority by voluntary actions to be executed , in nazi germany you simply had to exist and be born to the wrong ethnic group . 
  that is a * crucial * difference, 
   i just explained my opinion , for ordinary ukrainian peasant , it was better to be slave in germany than to be a slave in soviet union . 
  what exactly you disagree with ? 
  how about the fact once it became painfully clear that it * was n't * better to be a slave to the nazis that even the stupidest of collaborators started fighting back ? 
  there is absolutely no empirical evidence that confirms the ukrainians were better off under the nazis , and the small portion that betrayed their people to help them were idiots that realized this too late , as they too would be done away by the nazis, 
  nobody denies there were victims of the soviet hegemony , it 's just that the nature of the victimization is still radically different in that only one of the groups sought mass extermination of entire ethnic groups !, 
  no , it did n't , considering those groups were deported to the east , not exterminated . 
  and political and class groups are fluid , it is not a label that has the potential of being a permanent identifier , being a certain ethnic group is permanent , and not something that can be changed . 
  to even compare the two already shows the flaws in your reasoning, 
  because the germans were exterminating massive swaths of the eastern european population , including my great grandfathers , solely based on twisted nazi ideas on race . 
  the soviet union was n't mass exterminating slavs and mongols , that was the nazi reich , and if you do n't understand the difference , you need to do some long thinking about your biases, 
  the ussr was n't industrializing genocide against the entire fucking ethnic group , comparing the two deserves a good hard smack to the face . 
   same can be said about france and britain . 
  i nonetheless would n't say that , france and britain had no means to protect czechoslovakia or poland , and as we know now , france could n't even defend itself from hitler . 
  you should when it comes to the uk , because they were the ones that undermined the potential coalition proposed to the ussr in the 30s , france was interested , but needed the uk to join , which lead to the ultimate betrayal,
