  we have good relations with egypt and it 's likely that this state of affairs wo n't last long, 
  because the context for most of those deaths was the 2nd chechen war and the subsequent insurgency . 
  most of these journalists died either by being involved or present in the conflict , or by being whacked by a criminal group during a time where russia was scrambling to undo the societal collapse that began in the early 90s . 
  it is not by accident that the number of deaths has gone down drastically in the new decade , with most violence happening either in the caucaus or in private squabbles . 
  what benefit does it have for the federal government to make martyrs out of journalists for extra parliamentary opposition to rally around ? 
  russia was a very violent place 15 years ago , and to take look at that wiki page and say `` yep , that 's the government '' is incredibly stupid . 
  interestingly enough , the most commonly-cited source for that page is now just some online ads [ http://journalists-in-russia.org/] ( http://journalists-in-russia.org/ ), 
  which is clearly why so many tourist trap areas in istanbul and along the mediterranean have stores catering to the russian language . 
  while the hit wo n't be drastic for turkey , it will still be very much a hit . 
  it wo n't mean that source of tourism will be replaced by anyone else , it will just be empty . 
  nobody goes `` oh the russians are gone from turkey , let 's all go '' en masse , that 's just silly, 
  it 's kind of a tourist trap , but it is till worth visiting , the summers there are great !, 
  what 's so bad about going to sea or local destinations ? 
  i do n't see why turkey should take precedence over any of them , and i 've been to both turkey and crimea , and i 've only heard great things about sea, 
  i would n't really trust wikipedia on that , considering it looks like it has n't been really looked into for 10 years by any reputable sources, 
  `` haha stoopid ~ ~ russians ~ ~ gypsies and whataboutism , two stoopid too compeet with superior yuro logic !! 1 ! 1 !! '', 
  that 's why, 
  no , only kolbasi , borsch , and vareniki, 
  nobody really disputes that , this happened to many ethnic groups like caucasians , kalmyks , tatars , etc. 
  the current government very much recognizes the deportations as atrocities, 
  well one 's a pistol and another is an automatic rifle , not really the same class, 
  iirc there 's an abkhaz in / r/europe posting, 
  it 's more two-tiered . 
  euronews and mtv are basic tv and are broadcast for free , while things like eurosport , disney channel , animal planet , etc are part of a cable package . 
  [ here 's a cable package from ntv plus , some of you will probably recognize some names ] ( http://www.ntvplus.ru/channels/ ), 
  in this economic climate , they kinda do . 
  companies do n't want to invest much in the domestic economy if it 's all being stolen anyway . 
  not like it would work anyway , vpns for days, 
  also helps that rutracker literally put up a whole section on vpns on the main page , the block wo n't work , and personally i do n't think they care too much , probably just pressure from rights owners is probably the issue, 
  yea the automod did n't like the link, 
  you would be correct , only chechnya has a history of active seperatism , most regions see much more benefit to be in russia than not , so while that replier is right about grievances of fairness , he does exaggerate the probability of division , not least because if they wanted to divide , their best chance was in the 90s . 
  that is very unlikely , considering how this would hurt russian tourism sector already under stress from egypt and turkey . 
  granted it is expanding in asia , but that does n't mean anyone is willing to cancel travel with europe , nobody would benefit from that, 
  the concensus as of now is that there is already a set succession within the circle , as many of the people mentioned prefer to be behind the scenes , there was a good study on the informal balance of power between factions in the presidential circle , putin has done well in balancing out their interests . 
  the balance would take a small hit , but nothing bad would happen, 
  it 's partially it , the vietnamese rely a lot on our weapons for defense, 
  have n't seen this , but i ca n't recommend happy people enough , herzog 's great at documentaries, 
  [ for real tho ] ( https://soundcloud.com/hathurzu/prod-by-lg-8 ), 
  was it herzog ? 
  listening to buryat rap, 
  the use-cases are pretty much defined as allowing fsb operatives to operate in ct operations that are happening in public or in private residences , further clarifying that operatives are allowed to shoot women , a strange limitation to have before-hand considering the history of shahidkas participating in notable attacks such as the metro bombings . 
  this is an amendment that basically says in the worst-case scenario , there is no legal ambiguity in fsb spetsnaz operatives using force to liquidate a suspect . 
  and third , ukraine is n't a fascist state , it 's a half-failed state that has no border between business and government , and which does not even have a monopoly on force , which allows the actual fascists and wannabe-nazis to do whatever they fucking want on its territory . 
  if you , or the majority of ukraine , think that 's any better , then ukraine is truly fucked, 
  discussed to death means jack-shit in this sub , and i could care even less about the stupid shit ukrainian patriots love to regurgitate here , because that truly is all rhetoric , and you seem to have issues finding sources, 
  yea throwing around unsubstantiated claims like that without a neutral source is not the way to be taken seriously, 
  there 's a bunch of very big ifs that ignore the point that crimeans predominantly view themselves as russians, 
  i think it is possible , but all parties need to reevaluate their positions and roles in this era of world history, 
  because the city will get an ass-whooping for interfering in international affairs . 
  those are state department plates , local governments do not superseed the federal government, 
  those were run under direct military administration of the respective countries . 
  the administration of donbass has no integration with the military of russia, 
  stability for the families of the black sea fleet , still a better economic situation than in ukraine , no more questions on the direction the peninsula , what 's done is done . 
  basically stability in the face of a turbulent ukraine, 
  the tensions have been there since the first color revolution in georgia back in 2003 , and their spread and fall in many other post-soviet states in both europe and asia . 
  this has been brewing for quite a while, 
   let me google it for ya ignoring for a second how stupid it is just say `` google it '' , even in your example there are people who say `` no '' . 
  fascism is n't an attribute that is given by public opinion , it 's something that has a set definition , something that russia does n't fall under for many reason , not the least of which is the russian government 's position for a steady focus on rossiyane in its domestic rhetoric . 
  ghurkas were and are still mostly from nepal, 
   as soon as the economy started to grow they just got lazy . 
  this is important , and it is a part of the worry about who will be the next president eventually . 
  putin is not going to be acting at the same capacity as he has before , and as of right now not many people can point to a negotiator of interests that could be considered a candidate, 
  not to mention the inclusion of shoigu into the list , the man that essentially built the ministry of emergency situations into one of the only government bodies with a high approval from the public . 
  he is the second most popular public figure in russia behind putin, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1qwqtgqdzs ), 
   my view is very objective . 
  no , not really  he constantly provokes the west and east with airspace violations russia does n't actually violate airspace , the jets just fly really close to it to test nato response time , something that is common by all countries  and other provocations ( like continually moving the south osettia border ) . 
  strategic moves for strategic interests  his policies have hurt the russian economy , and neighboring economies . 
  his policies benefited the country , the only problem is that it still did n't seperate it from oil prices . 
  putin at the very least made sure that the revenues stayed under state control , and not letting them flow out as fast as they used to . 
  putin also significantly expanded russia 's reserves , which is why russia was able to withstand the initial drop of the ruble when the price of oil dropped . 
  so while there was no plan to swiftly diversify the economy , the government still came up with a contingency plan in the case of an emergency . 
   they have furthered the entrenched corruption that is endemic in russia . 
  the corruption has gotten * soo muuch * better now than it was before , especially police and army . 
  spb is actually having a corruption drive this year , there 's a very big presence in the public for setting up corruption hotlines in the city . 
  and now they started cleaning up serdyukov 's mess with shoigu , the army is ready to actually modernize  most of all they have hurt russians , and yet people such as yourself continue to eat up every word he says . 
  it is no wonder nothing changes . 
  i 'm sorry , but it is you that can not form an objective opinion on putin , not me . 
  russians were living with much worse in the 90s , putin 's presidency is a huge improvement . 
  we 're not claiming that we 're perfect , we are quite far from that , but a leader like putin is still much better than how we started off as the russian federation , our country was shit . 
  putin was picked as yeltsin 's successor because many in power believed he would be easy to use , for some reason nobody suspected the head of the fsb , but he was able to act decisively against them and gain the support of every major political faction in russia at the time . 
  he was able to secure most of its revenues from natural resources under state control , and helped encourage local and foreie businesses to set up and grow , providing security by cleaning up a lot of crime on the street . 
  this not to say thst they cleaned corruption , but most public street crimes were reduced . 
  the state was also able to restore order to chechnya as a source of islamic extremism and instability , albeit at a very high cost . 
  in reparations the state funnels a lot of money into the republic for development , and grozny is now unrecognizable . 
  russia still deals with instability in neighboring dagestan , where although attacks reduced recently , there are still occasional attacks against local security forces . 
  the russian government was also able to set up a government policy to actively include and respect the rights of russian ethnic minorities , recognizing the abilities of people like shoigu , lavrov , and sobyanin and appointing them important positions within the state . 
  people in places like yakutia and buryatia join the army and the mvd to advance their ability to earn money , and language and culture rights are respected and even celebrated . 
  putin 's views on minorities has forced most nationalists into the opposition , and they allow only one day in the year to demonstrate in public . 
  this is what we have in our country , please excuse me for recognizing how lucky we have it that this is our second president . 
  while this is obviously not the state we want for ourselves , it is still better than what it was , or what it could have become . 
  putin is not our expectation of the greatest hero , but he was the ideal candidate in the those times and conditions . 
  ukraine did not get any better the first time it had a pro-west leader , correlation does not equal causation . 
  and your inability to have an objective view on putin ai n't my problem either, 
   everybody wants to see a prosperous peaceful russia . 
  russia has contributed a ton to the sciences . 
  it churns out some extremely bright people . 
  it would produce even more bright people of the economy was better . 
  it seemed like it was beginning to do better during the mid-2000s . 
  unfortunately , putin seems hell bent on destroying any progress russia has made over his ego .
