  this means that russia will try to maximize its power projection over its arctic regions right up to the north pole . 
  this brings something to the table when dealing with the asia-pacific region vis a vis trade . 
  also oil exploration as always is a factor  i think that russian involvement in syria will change the westerners perception of you and start questioning the absolute one-sided media over here . 
  i already see a shift in us facebook trends , which are surprisingly an interesting resource at looking at public opinion . 
  they still see putin as a bastard , but a bastard with a point . 
  of course , actual us msm will remain negative as always  i do n't think anybody will be interested in war in eastern europe , at most it will be a proxy war . 
  that time is gone : merkel and hollande have essentially forced poroshonko to accept the negotiations , abandon implementation , and ukraine will be thrown under the bus . 
  it will be a tense next decade , but we will pull through one way or another , although ukraine is n't going to be stable anytime soon, 
  oh man , that 's rich coming from the definition of subjective, 
   you arent taking jabs at me . 
  you are punching yourself in the face and claiming it is hurting me . 
  no i am , was n't really subtle at it either  i wont stop embarrassing propaganda posters like yourself with quality content . 
  top kek, 
  do you even realize which part i 'm actually taking jabs at ? 
  you seem to be missing it . 
  the fact is your projecting your own delusions of grandeur in the following sentence :  i make a post and you know i am right so you ignore everything jokes you got , quality posts you do n't :\\ ^ ), 
   anyway , i am happy with russia . 
  they have retreated from russia and got stuck in a shit civil war in syria . 
  talk about ignorance , you ca n't even string a sentence properly , let alone ` subjective and factual ', 
  it is n't even so much as the typical / r/europe poster , it 's the typical poster on / r/europe that goes into a russia-related thread, 
   i post news about russia that is subjective and factual the fact that you just seriously posted this already says enough about you as it is . 
   i also dont accuse people of being shills . 
  that implies they are paid . 
  yes , you just accuse everyone of being brainwashed , big difference  you then get upset when people like me post facts you dont like because it ruins the narrative you want to create . 
  you do n't post facts , you post pseudo-analysis predicting how things apparently wo n't go russia 's way . 
  half the time , the articles are obviously inaccurate or manipulated for emotional responses . 
  you are the very definition of a shitposter , and you act as if everything makes complete sense . 
  it 's the partisan attitude that you keep up with absolutely zero thought on introspection , it 's the smugness you project every time you post a bullshit article and at least one person responds . 
  everything you do on reddit is a classic example of the stereotype redditors get , and you embrace it, 
  ah yes , because  emulate america and wave his own red , white & blue dick all across the world is definitely an insightful answer, 
  well it certainly is n't going to be unbiased , that 's kind of in the title , but at least the perspective there is from people that actually live under his presidency , which gives a fuller picture . 
  also a shameless plug to / r/geopolitics , where this kind of discussion discussed with civility and decent analysis, 
  i do n't care if you 're from papua new guinea , for 2 straight months the only topic of your posts is how horrible russia is . 
  you complain about shills , yet all you do is post about a country that you are n't related to . 
  all you and your compatriots do is spam anti-russia links of various quality all around reddit , hoping that it does n't get downvoted somewhere , at which point you start your anti-russia tirades . 
  it 's probably some of the most pathetic shit that i have seen on reddit , and reddit got pretty pathetic this year . 
  wrong place to ask :\\ ^ ), 
  the complete absence of self-awareness , particularly from maltybeverage , sneakysnake , and many ukrainian redditors makes for good popcorn , especially since these people do almost nothing but post links that attempt to damage russia 's image . 
  like holy shit , get a life people, 
  iran and iraq are now sharing intel with rf and syria , there 's a high chance they knew and gave their blessing, 
  military strength does n't define stability, 
  lolk, 
  it was representing russian media by using tabloids and marginal publications as the norm of russian media , which is n't true, 
  oh please , you are all very eager kill each other over political differences , and for what ? 
  to prove some kind of point ? 
  all ukraine managed to do every time they was a change of government was to change which oligarchs were supporting the government this time . 
  add to that yuschenko 's rehabilitation of una , and the current government 's carte-blanche attitude towards rs and azov , shit 's just going to get worse, 
   i hope so , the current situation is helping no-one , except maybe putin and his buddies . 
  the normal people on all sides are suffering . 
  it does n't help anyone in government because they have to deal with the pressures of economic weakening , the embargo is essentially a canary for our economy , at least now serious thoughts have emerged on self-sufficiency , and domestic brands are receiving a period of boost until eu products will be let in again . 
  ideally , domestic brands must use this headstart to make themselves more competitive with foreign brands , so when the sanctions are lifted , people could develop domestic brand loyalty to some extent . 
   when i grew up there was a lot of hate towards russians , mostly because of the events of the wars . 
  in the 90 's and early 00 's that improved a lot with trade and travel , but recent events ( georgia , ukraine , trade sanctions , negative media attention ) the sentiment has been going down and russia is being viewed as a threat and not as a partner . 
  that 's because russia was not being treated as a partner at all since the collapse . 
  we opened up and tried to get advice from western neoliberal economists that were sent in from the us , they dismantled almost everything that we had left through that sham of a privatization scheme . 
  when yeltsin shelled parliament , the west did not condemn him , when berezovsky helped rig the 96 elections , us campaign advisers helped him do it , when crimea had its first referendum , nobody batted an eye when they were shut down by kiev . 
  the only time that the west condemned yeltsin was when he flew in russian troops into pristina during the nato bombings of yugoslavia and demanded a role in kfor . 
  and serious opposition began against russia when russian oligarchs were one-by-one either arrested or exiled . 
  then all of a sudden mr. 
  tie eater manages to rally an overthrow of government in georgia , meeting with colin powell the day of his inauguration , followed by ukraine 2 years later . 
  just like in maidan these people promised smooth sailing ahead , in both countries their final rating was abysmal , all they managed to do is align themselves with american republicans . 
  how could russia possibly believe that western nations are partners , when there is very little semblance of good faith in foreign relations ? 
  and do n't get me wrong , i do n't consider finland to be part of the states responsible for this situation , it 's just that as you are a part of the eu you are targeted by the embargo as well , much like how japan is a good potential economic partner if it was n't lockstep with the us on foreign policy ( not the best example , but the point is still there ) . 
  frankly i do n't think that many people see finland as bad , at this point it 's just a lot of politics and rhetoric coming from everyone, 
  my top level link in edit , i may have ended confusing something another user pointed out, 
  jesus the bureaucracy ... 
  it 's good that finnish cps at least is n't zero-sum, 
  tabloid is a style , which characterizes ntv from its inception , the only difference now is it riles populism up in defense of the government, 
  eventually rhetoric will probably cool off , right now everyone 's in full propaganda mode . 
  rferl even tried to imply in one of its articles that russia is like the golden horde . 
  it 's owned by gazprom , but its tabloid style has n't changed much since before the transfer, 
  the 2008 case had the kid essentially lose his russian citizenship and just how strict is cps in finland anyway, 
  huh , that 's interesting, 
  ntv has it only in the italics as a subheader , the article itself is just a he says , she says and wtf is even regions.ru , i 've never even seen it before . 
  quoting irrelevant publications and a tabloid is low-hanging fruit, 
   ntv  powerful it 's tabloid media , and while i admit i did n't read the italic subheading , the rest of the article was strictly a he said , she said . 
  honestly the first time i 've seen this source , but apparently it existed for a while . 
  and there are definitely good russian publications , it 's just that people outside of russia either default to state-owned rt or perviy or just tabloid-quality media like ntv . 
  lenta 's good , as is rbk , and rg 's ok for a state-owned, 
  because the wrapper is absurd . 
  the actual story is actually a bit concerning , but the finnish article threw in some extra shit from one article and called it all russian media . 
  backman aside , the idea that kids with a russian parent lose citizenship in russia just because either a finnish parent or child services takes custody does n't sit well with me , the state should allow them to choose on their own when they are of age , similar to how adoptions work in the us, 
  there is less of it , but they still sell it some places . 
  give it a year , imports will eventually return, 
  well that 's great and all , but the finnish article took one article and said that all russian media is trying to scare away people from finland , which is bullshit !, 
  what happened in the late 90s ? 
  seems to be that is the oddball out , because most of both state and private media mentioned just the fact that the child was put into a finnish foster home, 
  still does n't mention that , and definitely nothing about lgbt homes or any shit like that, 
  poland is still very socially conservative though , there 's a decent amount of homophobia still there , though it seems to be declining slowly, 
  still does n't explain why they decided to make shit up that was n't there , and make it the title, 
  2 of them have nothing to do with this article , and the rest have no attempts to dissuade people from going to finland . 
  russia is n't even trying to start any shit with finland , we build them power plants and they give us glorious valio products, 
  i read rg and tass linked in the article , there is not mention of `` russian media urging russians not to travel to finland '' . 
  it talks about the alleged incident and just quotes astakhov about it , but none of them are saying to not go to finland , that is a lie . 
  fuck , 2 of the articles linked in the source had nothing to do with the topic : one of the ntv links is an article about how the finnish prime minister wanted to have refugees live in his home outside of town , the other one from kp was about illegal ~ ~ mining ~ ~ logging . 
  it 's like they decided to just link every article about finland as the source for their article , and they still added some bullshit about the media telling people to not go to finland , and it 's stupid . 
  google translate is enough to get the gist of an article , clearly these people just trying to start shit . 
  russia does n't even want to start shit with finland , we build them power plants , they give us glorious valio products and nokias when it was still a thing edit :[ ~ ~ the story involved ~ ~ not the story involved , but something that has happened before related to this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anton_incident ) , situation was pretty fucked up to be honest, 
  [ times of israel reported ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/dozens-killed-in-syria-airstrikes-after-russia-okays-operations/ ) that there were apparently child soldiers operating in the target area that were hit , things definitely are not clear-cut, 
  open skies does n't count,
