  that too massively ignores the other cities in russia . 
  urban-rural divides tend to be pretty big everywhere , especially in countries with a large amount of land and slow rate of development outside of its core, 
  it was n't acted upon , seeing as it was said after the fact . 
  throwing it randomly into a separate event is just misleading, 
  actually it 's cheaper now , moscow even fell from the rankings of `` most expensive city '', 
  [ how dense are you ? 
  ] ( https://www.thenation.com/article/harvard-boys-do-russia/ ) you think americans would just be appointed into these positions ? 
  the people in that list worked together with american political scientists and economists . 
  they saw an opportunity to make a quick buck with these assholes and they helped run the country into the ground , especially with their unwavering support for yeltsin , who was probably one of the most incompetent heads of state in the world, 
  [ do n't forget !, 
  ] ( https://www.thenation.com/article/harvard-boys-do-russia/ ), 
  for starters , the bbc including that quote out of context is just shit journalism on its part , considering it was n't said at the event . 
  second , the word `` defend '' does not necessarily mean violent retribution , it can easily be a potential representative for anyone related to russia strongly enough to be a potential citizen , which is not sinister in any way, 
  man this shit bounces all around , simultaneously mentioning the distinction between russkiy and rossiyanin while at the same time quoting marginals calling it a nazi germany for russkiye . 
  it 's funny to see jamestown actively promote opposition against a shared national identity that transcends borders , ironic too considering this is an american thinktank . 
  the only satisfaction they will have will come from russian collapse shit-tier article from shit-tier source, 
  because hosting ukrainian ethnic nationalists is * soo * much better, 
  jesus what the fuck is with this hardon in this sub turning euronews to shit . 
  it does its job well , broadcasting relatively unbiased segments about major events and special subjects . 
  why would you want to turn it into sensationalized crap ? 
  5th army by what metrics ? 
  there 's a paper that has been going around for quite some time published by an american about the systemic weaknesses of arab armies due to class and cultural friction between the top and bottom of their armies, 
  yes i have , and i 've been in cities and the inland suburbs , enough to see and hear american views on a lot of stuff . 
  does n't mean everyone was in the bubble , but quite a lot of people are , even if they fantasize about the outside world, 
   i think you 're misinterpreting . 
  mainstream media never talks about `` the librul media . '', 
  mainstream media is the target of that derogatory . 
  that media is as much a part of msm as is the so-called librul media . 
  the fact that they dress themselves as something else is not important . 
  this media has national and international reach , and is as strong as democrat-leaning press  and we do learn these things in school . 
  i went to high school in a town with a population of 350 , and in our government and civics classes we were taught the necessity of the separation of powers , the rationale behind the 2nd amendment ( an armed populace being necessary for the maintenance of personal liberty ) , etc. 
  being distrustful of government is something we inherited from our long colonial history . 
  our founders , if anything , were paranoid about government . 
  any poll ever taken will show that americans are more distrustful of government than western europeans , and that white americans are the most distrustful of all . 
  and this white american distrust might as well be stuck against king george . 
  white americans for the most part are insulated from the vices of their government , and to claim that they , not the black , asian , or latino populations , are tge most distrustful of the government shows a serious disconnect in your views of your country and reality, 
  usually that distrust is driven by their area 's mainstream media narrative , and tends to center around inane bullshit like reproductive rights , gun regulation and immigration and `` the liberul media '' . 
  that 's not really the kind of distrust the author talks about, 
  her community is one of thousands in america , and distrust of media and the government is certainly not a topic that white americans by large learn about from parents or school . 
  it ca n't be her fault if she was never exposed to it , this is very common in suburban white american society . 
  university is usually where people first encounter the world , and even there many remain ignorant , racist , or closed off . 
  i think you missed the part about the echo chambers that exist within media spheres , which makes sense this being / r/europe, 
  you talk about your pretend identity , not the one that actually matters, 
  english wikipedia is innaccurate , finnish and karelian are protected languages , and the government services are translated , you need to go to the republican divisions of the government . 
  check the official website edit : karelia is redoing their gosuslugi portal , they have n't come around to adding other languages yet . 
  germans were expelled from kaliningrad , and finnish people evacuated from vyborg , neither have any real population . 
  that being said , cultural entities such as museums are bilingual in vyborg . 
  karelia is officially bilingual due to its republic status, 
  i must have missed the part where ukraine in its entirety was levelled by russia . 
  lmao holy shit you people are absolutely bonkers . 
  what 's next , russia created the economic recession in 08 ? 
  coming from the country that still seems to ask strange jewish questions to foreign actresses , that 's a bit rich, 
  i guess i see your point, 
  i think the thing with america is that it 's never been a really neo nazi for them fully , but it was white supremacism , and it 's impressive how far the kkk has fallen , but at the same time i do n't see why hate speech should be protected in any way . 
  if they are allowed to openly espouse hate against certain groups , those groups will constantly feel attacked and vulnerable . 
  all of my uzbek friends say the entire space needs to stop discriminating people based on ethnicity , it just kills the possibility of working together, 
  see you 'd think that would work , but then you get slavic neonazis being a thing, 
  media inciting hatred though should have some bans though for public use . 
  last thing you need is calls for discrimination or worse, 
  oh no doubt , just ignored, 
  pretty sure its only pornhub, 
  no one 's blocking anything that 's business facing and making money , that would be absolutely pointless and actually hurtful . 
  we 're not ukraine here, 
  i mean that 's not really a major news source or resource, 
  the kremlin doesnt ban much of anything save for terrorist shit for the most part . 
  access is still pretty free and open , only rutracker was significant block, 
  i mean it 's not like anything serious is blocked , sure it sucks but i doubt we 'll have any kind of serious access issues, 
  i mean its not like vpn usage is more significant in russia than other places , it tends to follow the general trend, 
  that 's a stupid practice on part of those companies . 
  it 's near impossible to block a vpn entirely, 
  they ca n't , at least in case of private vpns, 
  article says roskomnadzor needs to set up a list of banned sites, 
  yea good luck with that . 
  private institutional and company vpns cant really be detected in public , there 's no enforcement possible, 
  it only outlaws people from using vpns for banned sites , but i wo n't lie thats kinda bullshit, 
  well yea , primarily in the caucaus and isolated villages scattered throughout . 
  it 's not like these are the large cities in the country , i mean volgograd was straight up renamed after stalin died, 
  looked it up , looks like the only places with stalin are either in the caucauses or a few tiny villages scattered around the country . 
  the biggest thing i see is some stalin tunnel in vladivostok , so i would n't say its even really visible exposure, 
  it wasnt a conspiracy theory , but it was people 's personal hatred of communism , taken over by several national governments and used as a justification for installing bloody right wing dictators around the world , and that 's bad enough, 
  it 's bias towards the present . 
  the poll was to name the 10 most prominent people of all times and peoples , and putin is certainly prominent enough and in recent in people 's heads to be included in a list of 10 people, 
  people in this thread are also applying modern realities to historical realities . 
  while stalin was no saint and still should be considered bad for many things he has done , there were indeed things that he forced that did in the end help the country in the sense of fighting of the inevitable doom coming from germany . 
  comparing stalin and hitler can only so far because while stalin was racist toward quite a few soviet peoples , he never had any sort of plan even comparable to the industrialized extermination that was the nazi plan for jews , gypsies , and slavs . 
  people came back from gulag after their sentences were up under stalin and from forced resettlement ( with exclusions being the delayed return of crimean tatars , or koreans who never got to return to their original home ) , under the soviet government , whereas the only way the victims of nazis managed to come back ( if ever ) was through the systematic destruction of the nazi state . 
  it baffles me how this is somehow put aside as if it is n't an important difference . 
  but it was exaggerated, 
  were there really stalin streets still in ukraine this late ? 
  seems strange considering the wave of renamings that happened in the 90s , and the destalinization that happened 40 years prior to that, 
  the ground level of the complex is just a big mall , nothing really exclusive about it, 
  wrong georgia, 
  it 's been a surplus since 2012 i think, 
  ditto , here 's to a hopefully better future in 10 years, 
  i 'm not big on the asshole parts of the rebels either ( strelkov was a grade-a piece of shit that went there to fulfill his tacticool wet dreams ) , but the fact of the matter was when this all started there were plenty of reasons for many in the east to be pissed off due to what was going on in the east , not to mention the double standard where the western regions took over regional administrations and got away with it , but the eastern regions tried and the army was sent in . 
  and then crimea happened and they wanted to be part of the momentum , but they never got that level of assistance . 
  frankly , everyone involved got played , from the rebels that expected a crimea scenario to the batalions that were sent east , far away from poroshenko . 
  a year or so ago some researchers wrote a book called everyone loses , [ i recommend the discussion video on the bottom ] ( https://www.iiss.org/en/publications/adelphi/by%20year/2017-cd3c/everyone-loses-21b7 ) because of how well the authors convey of what a mess the situation has become and how everybody ignoring each other 's motivations set us all up for this wreck, 
  no shit , we have a significantly bigger population than ukraine , everything is proportional . 
  the difference is while the russian government has been trying to hobble their public appearance , the ukrainian government seems to have returned to populist veneration of upa , all that 's missing is rehabilitation of ss-galicia,
