during the 90s , they were actually de-facto and on a weird de-jure independent until the deal happened, 
  i honestly am not big on specifics , but i 'll describe the history . 
  in order to persuade tatarstan to stay in russia , yeltsin gave them very nice economic and administrative perks , in the sense that they are able to have greater control over their republic . 
  a good symbol of this independence is their own state oil company tatneft . 
  in fact if you ever visit kazan , you will feel you almost entered a different country . 
  tatar 's advantageous position in russia has even made them able to present their own history during the universiade , along with some russian history, 
  this was under bush , the ` reset ' would only happen under obama in ' 09 . 
  the war was ' 08 . 
  the report said that georgia was the one that invaded south ossetia , european countries mostly just did not bring it up . 
  us still officially supports georgia as a victim of agression , even though it started the hostilities, 
  tatarstan actually wields special status in russia , even above the other republics . 
  tatarstan 's relatively high autonomy stems from tatarstan 's special status in the constitution, 
  i 'm surprised shilling accusations are n't banned here , people just keep using it to try and shut people up . 
  [ seriously ] ( https://img.4plebs.org/boards/x/image/1397/25/1397259718863.png ), 
  yes, 
  something very unsettling about that guy 's look, 
  awesome anthem with an interesting history , considering the words were changed like 3 times already . 
  ah i see , thanks !, 
  ok , in russian pozvonit is to call , pozvoniti is for plural or formal to call , essentially the same since slavs . 
  prozvonit ( there 's an r ) does n't mean to just call , it means to call with the intention of leaving a missed call so the person being called can call back, 
  not pozvonit , prozvonit, 
  talking shit about a sub you obviously have n't even read , stay classy, 
  destabilization was maidan 's part . 
  ukraine has dismal conditions , but there was stability . 
  here 's to a brighter future ... 
  i think right now it 's really the heat of the moment . 
  nobody really expected shit to go down like it did in ukraine , and putin made some quick and decisive , albeit scary for europe maneuvers . 
  things will calm down eventually , but right now thanks to maidan there is huge destabilization in ukraine , and we ca n't just ignore it . 
  i have seen your other comments on infrastructure problems , and i agree with you . 
  but unfortunately we ca n't just drop everything and focus on one problem , because there is a lot to deal with . 
  things have gotten better , and should keep improving , but it 's a tricky business, 
  i 'm not saying they 're only nationalists , but nationalists are most definitely in the opposition . 
  and the government has no ideology , but knows pretty well that it 's in russia 's interests to not stoke ethnic tensions . 
  also at least they got something anyway , regional elections are back ( despite what people say about their legitimacy , etc ), 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  moscow liberals were at bolotnaya with nationalists . 
  navalny is someone who is a nationalist . 
  do you really think that a political force that consists of a tuvan mod , a mansi mayor of moscow , and a former tatar moi is going to be embracing the rise of russian nationalism ? 
  if anything , the government is trying to contain it as much as it can . 
  i do n't get it , i thought this sub dislikes nationalists ? 
  that 's pretty sad , maybe you should read a book, 
  you 're joking right ? 
  when was the embassy made ? 
  size of the embassy usually corresponds to its political importance . 
  [ our embassy in washington is pretty imposing as well ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/russian_embassy_us.jpg ), 
  his flair on/r/russia was canadian so that was probably true . 
  we banned him after it turned out he was making harassing messages to others, 
  because i do n't like it when people try to stalk my habits, 
  was n't ceausescu pretty independent from the kremlin ? 
  what i read was that he was fine till the 80s, 
  it was depopulated of russians if anything, 
  why do n't mods just ban him for shitposting ? 
  there are actual russians that could be decently debated with , and i do n't see why you even need to see poor quality posts other than to have a lightning rod to bash russia, 
  among ministers it 's almost always rogozin , in the duma it 's almost always zhirinovsky, 
  it 's only one official that does it , calm down, 
  just because western europe wants to tarnish relations with russia does n't mean everyone wants to . 
  it 's bulgaria 's and serbia 's choice as a sovereign state to conduct foreign affairs as it pleases, 
  roma and florence , gon na hit up some museums, 
  it 's all good , yes you are thinking of bashkirs . 
  as long as people learn more , that 's all that matters, 
  well gorbachev is not really reflective of the soviet union . 
  most of us see him as a traitor , considering the mess he allowed to happen, 
  buryats are mongol people living in southeast russia in buryatia , which borders on mongolia . 
  they are buddhist , while tatars are muslm . 
  they to share some common traits due to the mongol invasion of rus , but all in all they are separate peoples, 
  it means there is tension between russians and the other 20 % . 
  just because there is n't a lot of them does n't mean there ca n't be tension, 
  what do you mean by buryats ? 
  tatars ad buryats are different people, 
  most people make connotations between 1984 and the soviet union , when it was meant for all nations really, 
  do n't forget austria , the anti-germany !, 
  it 's always strange seeing mentions of russian and mongolian neo-nazis , considering they were supposed to be exterminated by the nazis . 
  how do you justify yourself agreeing with hitler like that ? 
  will check it out thanks !, 
  i have kubuntu , it 's just a short class on terminal commands which would be pretty useful to have a crash course on, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm planning on taking the free linux course they have, 
  seeing as it 's a new development , can someone who 's taken the courses explain how it works ? 
  do read lectures online and take a test ? 
  your borscht is slightly different than our borscht !, 
  stay strong , serb brothers !, 
  they do in fact !, 
  it helps that they too are their own republic within russia , and they have festivals such as [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yhyakh ) , and traditional culture is preserved as you can see [ here ] ( http://rbth.com/multimedia/pictures/2013/12/24/a_winter_beauty_in_the_coldest_place_on_earth_32523.html ), 
  well yakuts and siberians live in their homeland , siberia . 
  you have cities in siberia with russians and other groups living normally , populations of these cities is small but is growing, 
  well republics in russia have more autonomy than oblasts , as they are based on the predominant ethnic minority in the region . 
  tatarstan is very autonomous because of its special status , but so is chechnya in a way , considering how kadyrov 's style of rule would not be tolerated in some oblast . 
  for the rest of the republics , it 's a formality , but languages get special status so there is some difference, 
  that 's kind of how moscow survived, 
  not second biggest , the biggest, 
  well we did send them an [ ilyushin full of supplies and personel ] ( http://en.itar-tass.com/world/732040 ), 
  with the exception of i and a couple more , very similar, 
  it 's like football vs soccer in terms of the divide between chai and te, 
  vice news is better , but the whole informality has negatives along with positives, 
  vladivostok 's russkiy is is supposed to be one , but i 've never been, 
  well that 's the thing about mgimo , because it 's a school of international relations , it is connected to both business and politics . 
  on one hand it 's a shady figure on another its a business major or even someone like lavrov . 
  it 's a useful vehicle , but it is n't inherently shady, 
  i mean carl bildt, 
  guatemala or honduras , coup happened within the last decade , clinton apparently involved,
