  of course not , the oss nature of the project will allow anyone to look at the vulnerabilities and patch them ( understandably not completely due to the nature of vulnerabilities ) , it 's just that due to the small footprint it has in the market , it is a natural choice by merit of being open on one hand , and obscure on the other . 
  it might be a small inconvinience to any state really trying to attack the system , but it still does pose as a benefit , especially if the alternative is a private company running proprietary code . 
  people from all around the world contribute to linux , just because a finn moderates the whole process does n't make it exclusively western, 
  or it may have been a conscious decision to use something that could be controlled almost completely , whether via open source software or in-country development . 
  sailfish os is better than android because of its incompatibility with the most popular mobile os in the world , and rosa is great because decisions are going to be made based on the request of the government . 
  both are decent choices that are supposed to get the job done , fsb officials do n't need candy crush on their official device, 
  there 's already a push for that on the russian side . 
  a couple of months back russian telecommunications ministry awarded a contract to rosa on desktop/server side and sailfish os on the mobile side to set it up for the government . 
  will take a while , that 's for sure, 
  there is however a precedent of calling us presidents monkeys in russia, 
  except prince vladimir was the ruler of kievan rus , ukraine did n't exist until the past few centuries . 
  vladimir is the shared heritage of the rus state 's descendants , and the nationalist ukrainians are just being petty nationalists . 
  next they are going to announce that ukrainians are actually germanic or some shit . 
  from what i read , because what is being looked at is the free technical preview , microsoft reserves the ability to make changes as necessary . 
  we 'll see the truth once the downloads come in today, 
  what 's this ? 
  western mail-order brides ? 
  on romanian , in russian brynza is a type of cheese similar to feta, 
  already signed into law, 
  the `` apps '' are technically supposed to come from the newly-formed far eastern corporation , we 'll see if it actually does anything . 
  honestly it would be cool to have vladivostok become something of a russian san francisco, 
  thank you , it seems clear that this is an attempt to create dense settlements that could eventually grow into cities , not some empty span like montana, 
  mobile internet is decently priced in russia , but coverage will be an issue, 
  live next to it , can confirm its nice, 
  i swear every corner in rome smelled like weed , nobody gives a fuck except for a few who petition against it, 
  it really depends on upbringing . 
  i know different examples of russian families in the us , in one the parents made sure that russian was a part of their discipline , if the kid tried to talk english with them at home , they ignored what he said . 
  on the other side there are parents who thought language is seperate from discipline and the kids are teenagers , ca n't speak russian . 
  it all depends on the family, 
  did you seriously use tskhinval as an example ? 
  the tskhinval that was bombarded by the georgians ? 
  the tskhinval that was never even a part of the current georgian state ? 
  italians still have a much more shared culture than europeans . 
  could you please link his statements ? 
  thanks in advance, 
  why would he ? 
  he may be nominally socialist , but so far hollande has been lockstep with merkel, 
  while the 08 crisis was bad , it was still not that damaging , however its effects on europe can still be seen today . 
  the greek one is n't over , it only just now truly begun, 
  the greece fail is quite the disruption , and it could be a catalyst for the rest of southern europe . 
  the fact that the eu has not been able to deal with this situation is indicative of their failure to deal with the tough issues . 
  immigration remains divisive as ever , the constituents are split on attitude towards russia despite their `` unanimous statements '' , the majority of the states do not wish further loss of sovereignty , and this is all happening in relatively prosperous times . 
  could you imagine what would happen if a real crisis hit ? 
  the issue however is whether their reasons align with those of the public . 
  these institutions do not seem to be quite accountable and , in light of the world that we live in today , it seems strange to think that they are acting for the good of all , especially with examples like greece, 
  true , but the talk was slovakia-centered , not europe-centered . 
  they like the benefits , but they dislike the responsibilities . 
  this cost-benefit calculation that happens in every member will be the deciding factor on whether the union lives , and so far it 's pretty shaky, 
  from what i understand , there is no will for it in slovakia . 
  a slovak i know put it as `` we did n't fuck up their countries , why should we take them in ? '', 
  so what you 're saying is you do not think it is true , or that it is ? 
  or are you just talking out of your ass to feel smug ? 
  if it ca n't weather a crisis like this , then it 's obvious that the eu is not sustainable as a union . 
  sure all the perks are obviously very nice , but if it ca n't weather the worst of times , then how could it possibly expect to continue ? 
  by that logic europe should have stayed under absolute monarchies , since that for quite a while was `` the way to go '', 
  god this felt good to read, 
  hindsight bias my ass , there were so many people expecting exactly instability after qaddafi 's fall , plugging your ears and saying `` lalala ca n't here you '' or `` but muh democracy '' was the response . 
  everyone against the nato made their voices heard , and it ended up pretty much how they all expected, 
  the crown dependencies are the tax havens , not gibraltar, 
  jaywalking a major street in moscow is horrifying , we have the underground passages for a reason !, 
  in the right economic conditions it most certainly can , russia population , even in decline , was still much larger than in the nautical , and had just went through a disastrous privatization scheme , whereas the baltics did not have such a sharp effect . 
  when people that are looking for opportunity leave the country to people in a good economic situation , that will help boost figures, 
  well having a significant population drop will boost economic figures , but that does n't change the fact that there are less people to contribute to the economy, 
  that is n't the same as people moving to the baltics on their own initiative and starting a family , that only applies to stalin era population transfers, 
  most of them have become quite irrelevant over the last decade . 
  i think berezovsky 's suicide was pretty much the sign that the 90s are no more, 
   is it really the western media changing or is there really something different with russian mentality ? 
  western media was never really different , it just usually put a bit more subtlety when dealing with russians . 
  hollywood would make russians the bad guys , but they 'll be from some fictional country that 's either not russia or some vague `` ultranationalist '' . 
  the only change that russians had was that they dropped the naivete that came with the collapse of the soviet union  i mean , i live next door to you , but i could n't feel more alienated from russian society than it is today . 
  i can not find the sheep-like `` za putina , za rossii '' , the obligatory `` fascists '' , waving the russian-soviet-czarist etc flags , wearing the beetle ribbon even tolerable anymore . 
  in fact , i see the separatists in eastern ukraine and russian chauvinists ( not all russians ) both in baltics and russia as a similar zombified mass that would be easily comparable with 1930s germans . 
  that stems from your inability to understand that russians are politically very diverse , with people having very different perceptions about how russia should grow and what russian society should be like . 
  the fact that you conflate any kind of flag being waved with `` zombified masses '' already reveals a lack of understanding of what any of those symbols even mean , and especially a lack of perspective on our side of things . 
  waving the soviet flag instills nostalgia for the achievements of the soviet union , a country that you probably hate , we most certainly loved . 
  waving a black-yellow-white flag is pretty much the sign of a person being a nationalist , but the one fact that people keep ignoring in the west is that these people are mostly anti-putin , mostly because nobody could say with a straight face outside of the western press that putin is an ethnic-russian nationalist , that 's just incredibly stupid . 
  and while you see pro-russians in ukraine and crimea as thugs or whatever else , these people see themselves to belonging to another state , and do n't see why they need to care about western opinions of their homelands . 
  in the middle of it all , it seems that you have conflated putin with a modern-day hitler , when in reality he is just an extremely-capable administrator that manages to preserve the balance between the many different factions that exist in russia , and who has the backing of both the people and elite due to his pragmatism . 
   i do n't understand why you 'd cheer for extra land grab , while you already have the biggest country on earth and which causes your living standards to drop . 
  just because to you crimea does n't have any cultural or historical value does n't mean it does n't for us . 
   not to mention invading your ` brother nation ' , therefore destroying millions of family relations , cultural and economical and historical contacts with ukraine , killing thousands etc. 
  what 's there to like ? 
  oh cut the bullshit , if you want a legitimate answer , do n't set up some bullshit sob story about how the poor ukrainian state is being destroyed by russian brutes . 
  western-aligned oligarchs decided to shake things up , and managed to convince a bunch of naive liberals and militant nationalists to overthrow the president . 
  people who were tired of this shit started looking at alternative options , and crimea managed to find itself in the lucrative position of coming back to russia . 
  many donbass residents saw what happened and wanted the same , but they initially did n't get anything except for a military enthusiast and some volunteers along with covert assistance . 
  and as donetsk and lugansk started to make their independent moves , the new kiev regime decided to use force to put them in their place , but neither the police nor the military wanted to fight , so they just decided to recruit their support base from maidan , creating battalions nominally under government control , but in reality under the control of individual oligarchs . 
  they started shelling cities , creating those thousands of deaths , and they started the war . 
  reducing the whole conflict to evil russians invading is missing the nuances of what 's actually going on in ukraine right now , and is an incredibly simplistic and stupid way to look at geopolitics . 
   based on sharp deterioration of relations between europe and russia , it truly seems that other countries did not approve it . 
  yet , over 80 % of russian would vote for putin . 
  that is special , is n't it ? 
  why should we care what third parties think of something that is none of their business ? 
   i am not even sure if it 's the extreme chauvinism , the belief that russia really is under constant threat and everybody wants to attack it ( so dear leader must be supported in those unstable times , so evil invaders would n't have a chance ) or a mix of those so nato exists just because , right ? 
  those missile shields , covert support for pro-western regimes on the borders , that was just a coincidence and solely the pursuit of democracy and prosperity right ? 
  the governments obviously did not believe the bullshit but it seems you most certainly did  one of the latest of such `` threats '' , as we heard , is estonia 's finno-ugric cooperation programs that are , according to russia 's regnum at least , anti-russian because they try to revitalize their nations . 
  really , we 're such fascists , how could we do something like that ? 
  we should allow our relative nations to become the same putinist zombies nobody in the world , except for russian chauvinists , like . 
  no shit , you refused to grant citizenship to people who lived on the land their whole life , you actually believe that the soviets were worse the nazis to the extent where having a waffen-ss parade is less controversial than a soviet army parade , you made vague calls for dissent among the finno-ugric community in russia , you are a member of an enemy military organization , what the fuck to you expect , a baquet of roses ? 
  the baltics governments in general have managed to do everything in their power to piss of russia , and you expect that we behave cordially to you ?
