  not following what you mean, 
  and it only got removed after the guy that wrote it reported himself to roskomnadzor , forcing them to actually do it . 
  the same as in the west really , gorbachev adopted a laissez-faire policy towards the eastern bloc : he kept cash flowing until the collapse , but otherwise nothing . 
  the kgb started to get pissed off that they lost control of the perestroika and pulled a last ditch effort in 91 , but it was too little too late, 
   i guess kgb will not admit the assassination of a leader of state . 
  there is no kgb to admit it anymore , and this sounds like the kind of thing that yeltsin would reveal if it happened , considering his role in the 91 august putsch . 
   which academia could have hard proof about who , where and when it was decided that ceausescu should be killed in a fake trial instead of just being deposed of power and tried for various accusations and kept in prison ? 
  with academia i do not expect proof , but i do expect at least some discussion of the theory if it warrants merit . 
  so far , i can not find any serious source that actually considered the possibility of the kgb 's involvement in his deposition . 
   what is known is that there was a group of apparently well coordinated `` revolutionaries '' who gathered in the first moments when ceausescu left `` comitetul central '' , and started to act like the new leaders and chiefs of army . 
  at least one of them ( iirc militaru ) was seen and heard calling to moscow and informed them about the situation . 
  the army captured ceausescu and for 3 days kept him hidden in a military base and then shot him after a show trial . 
  sources are still debating this , but even if this was the way to happen , there is no real link to the kgb other than the fact that they had cooperated with them at times . 
   if this group is known to be linked to kgb and gru , ca n't we deduce that they did n't kill ceausescu before at least obtaining some feedback from their handlers at moscow ? 
  feedback ? 
  yes . 
  giving them the command to kill him ? 
  no , you ca n't deduce that . 
  my point still stands , if you ca n't find a single reputable organization that looked into this , chances are it did n't happen , because there were plenty of people that would have just absolutely loved it if the kgb orchestrated it, 
  yea right now it 's your word against academia , and i ca n't find a single reputable source corroborating your claims that the kgb assisted militaru in getting ceausescu killed . 
  if you can bring up an academic , or at least reputable newspaper , source , i will read it , but right now you have given me absolutely nothing to actually verify, 
  i honestly do n't know the state of regional archives of city assemblies . 
  i doubt that such information kept detailed accounts of ethnic origins like in the soviet union , and i do n't know whether peasants had detailed information about their origins listed in documents . 
  because the distinct identities other than russian were only present somewhere in the early-mid 1880s , it depends on record keeping from that time , as their russian names would obscure heritage after that . 
  i personally do n't think lenin wanted to hide his heritage , because he was all about the harmony of peoples . 
   some of them were russian jews with romanian names like silviu brucan saul bruckner ( his name prior to him changing it ) has got to be the least russian name that i have ever heard , the fact that he attended a german-language school means he was of german , not russian , descent . 
   that 's why at least one of them , nicolae militaru , immediately after he seized the power , he ordered the ambush of some unit led by two officers who previously worked in counter-informations ( anti-spy unit ) and handled nicolae militaru 's file and knew he was a spy . 
  this looks to be still up for debate , and even then , the claim is that he requested gorbachev 's aid . 
  gorbachev did not intervene in any of the eastern bloc countries during the revolution , why would he intervene in romania ? 
   ceausescu was shot because he knew that all these guys were traitors and foreign agents and he even said it during that fake judicial process ( it 's on film ) . 
  this has been said by virtually every autocratic leader during deposition , ceausescu 's word is not enough for actual proof . 
   it 's all your fault . 
  til i personally organized the romanian revolution and executed ceausescu , all from my mother 's womb . 
   `` russia did n't want to split a part of moldova and keep it 's army in that place to control the area . 
  it was n't the russian army , it was the soviet army , and the 14th had consisted of soldiers mostly from the region . 
  meanwhile , gorbachev rejected pmr 's independence . 
  who do you think wanted the land , yeltsin ? 
  yeltsin fucking gave up crimea when crimea had its first referendum  no , it was already independent . 
  too independent . 
  that 's why people with kgb connections organized a coup-d'etat and shot that independent minded tyrant . 
  oh man that 's a new one . 
  now it 's the kgb that killed him !, 
  what else , they stole all of his gold too ? 
  it is unclear , but so far there are several sources that have done research : * marietta shaginyan suggests that his father was born to a former russian peasant-turned-burgess in astrakhan and a half-russian half-kalmyk , while his mother had german or jewish descent , and that her father was ukrainian . 
  * mikhail stein believes that his maternal grandfather was a christened jew from zhitomir * lenin 's neice olga ulyanova claims that lenin had german , swedish , and russian origins . 
  she claims that there is no proof that he had kalmyk origins , but imo the fact that lenin had epicanthic folds , and stemming from my own ancestry and possession of said folds , i think that he definitely did have some mongol ancestry , and it is far more plausible that it was kalmyk ( kalmykia neighbors astrakhan , where his parents had roots ) than say buryat in my case . 
  [ the russian wiki page on his family ] ( https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%a1%d0%b5%d0%bc%d1%8c%d1%8f_%d0%a3%d0%bb%d1%8c%d1%8f%d0%bd%d0%be%d0%b2%d1%8b%d1%85 ) has more information , along with the relevant citations , i suggest maybe yandex translate it to get an idea of the theories, 
  the armed militias started to form at the same time as moldovan nationalist began to attack russian mps , when the moldovan ssr protested the removal of russian language status , and after the same nationalists started to make moves on the gaugazian autonomy movement . 
  people had enough reasons to fear for their futures , and that holds more credibility than your rhetoric here . 
  and did n't your country become independent via armed revolt and a show trial ? 
  lenin was russian , jewish , and kalmyk . 
  it 's amazing how it 's only after losing crimea that ukraine started to trump the crimean cause , yet did nothing to resolve their quasi-legal situation when they had authority . 
  some massive grasping for straws , the majority of the population decided to leave , lets find someone who did n't and martyr them !, 
  victory day uses soviet symbols , not russian symbols . 
  nobody ever says it was a russian victory except for people who just conflate the soviet union with just russians , and that 's usually americans, 
  it 's not even my point of view , it 's their point of view . 
  they lived there , and they wanted to stay in the ussr due to fears of moldova joining romania , and they fought for it . 
  you 're just projecting the romanian communist experience on pridnestrovie , when they had it different . 
  he does n't , people like him either ca n't or choose not to understand the other side of the story, 
   who besides hodorkovsky did promote democracy ? 
  berezovsky also went the same route , mostly via litvinienko , but both of them fled to the uk before they could be charged like khodorkovsky . 
  while not being an oligarch himself , nemtsov too worked for crony capitalism , and used his post as nn governor to help his friends at the expense of the citizens . 
   how is the oil money used today ? 
  are the profits flowing into the citizens ' pockets ? 
  well the money is spent on things such as urban projects in significant cities , as well as investment and development into state-owned industies , which are numerous , as well as into social services such as pensions , universal ( but not always good ) healthcare , and unis . 
  there is a heavy bias however for the money to flow to moscow , as that is where power lies , there needs to be more money going into investing in other regions as well . 
   would n't you think it 's a better system to tax heavily the oilfirms instead of stripping them of their assets and robbing them naked and sending them to jail ? 
  firstly no , because they can still take the money out of the economy , or give bribes to the right people to remove the necesity to be taxed . 
  secondly , these people did not obtain their fortunes legitimately , using the chaos of the 90s to strip the state of many of its resources . 
  they grew extremely powerful under yeltsin , and were essentially in control of russia , which allowed them to milk the country for more profit for them and their friends . 
  these people had to be liquidated as a threat to power , either by making deals that strip them of all power , or by force . 
  obviously there is still corruption , but at least now the pure personal business interests of the oligarchs is n't what 's running the country . 
  yep , he actually brought that oil wealth under state control and took it back from the oligarchs . 
  the country was being robbed absolutely blind in the 90s , putin managed to at least secure its valuable resource for state needs , rather than the profits of robber barons . 
  many of the oligarchs did not like that , so they began to try to undermine his power by suddenly becoming democracy evangelists to try and weaken his position , did n't really work thankfully . 
  shambles is an exaggeration , still better than the 90s, 
  thanks to what essentially are luxury taxes on alcohol , the level has fallen to eu levels , but it is still a problem , especially in the far north and far east, 
  suicide rates usually reflect economic and social rates . 
  with those two going significantly up , the suicide rate goes down . 
  none of those relationships are stronger than with russia , except for perhaps the crimean tatars, 
  there 's nothing more russian than shanson and drum and bass, 
  yeah no , some of the shit i 've heard from my ukrainian friends is quite something i 've never heard happen in russia today, 
  for the us it 's just the usual approach towards any * potential * threat , which mean preventing the conditions for allowing the rise of a hegemon , at the cost of european interests, 
  i mean trying to protect it is pragmatic in their positions, 
   western europe is afraid of the russian influence in eastern europe so they 're acting like children over the crimean conflict that happened forever ago . 
  i do n't think it 's acting like children , i think they are just being pragmatic . 
  to them crimea is not a good enough reason to break ties, 
   well that 's difficult to judge . 
  the hysteric episodes of anti-chechen and anti-georgian sentiment do n't look all that pretty to me . 
  georgia i can concede due to the state of bilateral relations , but in terms of chechnya the federal government does advocate inter-ethnic harmony , whether via sports events or national media outlets . 
  such sentiment unfortunately is very organic in nationalist circles, 
  it still provides enough for the majority of the population , energy resources only account for half of our gdp , which is why we are weathering it better than other oil-dependent nations . 
  nobody is saying the situation is great , but this all still pales in comparison to the 90s, 
   well he had the go-getter reputation thing going on . 
  though i guess the fact that he became marginalized so quickly after that period until he was assassinated says something about his political acumen ( though putin of course made it immensely difficult for any real opposition to gain media access ) . 
  he was n't a rapidly aging drunken boor or a fsb-director , so at least that 's a plus . 
  well he discredited himself before the nationalization of media , and he also served a regional executive position poorly as well . 
  he wielded the tools of his own downfall . 
   really though we do n't know . 
  nemtsov for all his faults was a genuine reformer not all reformers are needed however .
