  also a lot of `` selling of the country for an iphone '' kind of mentality . 
  this is not to say that there is no valid criticism of the government , there definitely is , but politota is hyperbolic as fuck, 
  nah mean it really is n't . 
  do you speak russian ? 
  i would say it 's already here for the most part on the european side , with even road police arresting people for bribing them at traffic stops ( anecdotal evidence from nizhny novgorod , take it as you please ) . 
  i think cops will definitely try to target foreigners more , knowing they wo n't know for the most part on how to respond to it . 
  the next step definitely should be to have anti-corruption drives against those targeting tourists , local and federal governments are finally trying to improve tourist experience what with the new tourist police and ( sometimes pretty shitty ) english translations in public transport , hopefully nobody forgets about corruption out of too much pride, 
  zhirik is about showing the world how mighty we are , not `` these nations are subhuman and we need to cleanse them '' . 
  yes , a traditionally strong military power like russia is gon na have rednecks that would like that , it 's a common class among large powers , including the us and china, 
  it 's was a complicated mess , driven by the rise of radical chechen nationalism and yeltsin 's ineptitude in dealing with the chechen nationalists . 
  by the time the war started , ethnic cleansings began against ethnic russians , yeltsin ran an incompetent campaign to bring order , which involved sending inexperienced conscripts which would then commit atrocities against chechen civilians , and some chechens started to turn to terrorism to achieve their aims . 
  after a peace was signed , chechnya was destroyed , and the rule of law completely disappeared , allowing corruption , crime , and radical islam to gain roots in the area, 
  it is n't the west 's job to advocate on the behalf of oligarch 's either technically , but that has n't stopped them pressuring russia over khodorkovsky , berezovsky , et al. 
  who cares ? 
  it is up to the government to see if intervention is worth it , it 's their job to see what 's the right course of actions . 
  just because some idiots think intervention is a good idea does n't mean it is . 
  i see you are using wikipedia for your source on the war . 
  please note that 2 years ago a ukrainian managed to take control of most of the page 's moderation , and the editor places more bias on anti-russian sources than pro-russian sources . 
  kavkaz tsentr is not a neutral source , and neither is the conservative-aligned jamestown center . 
  it 's important to understand that the south ossetian war did n't come out of nowhere , it is the resumption of large-scale hostilities from the first war in the 90s . 
  it is not unreasonable to expect that a conflict that ended with a ceasefire will have an uneasy peace , with small-scale flare ups occurring here and there . 
  the reason georgia was widely seen as the instigator of the conflict was because saakashvili ordered an assault that was disproportionate to the small flare-up , and was a much more serious violation than anything either side did before . 
  and in chechnya 's case , the blame does sit with the chechen authorities in their inability to prevent a full-scale invasion of islamists in dagestan , and that is enough of a reason for putin to take over . 
  i think it depends on the topic more than anything . 
  notice the different users that participate in a thread about russia and a thread about italy, 
   democracy and freedom is just the foundation that the rest of the society needs to be built/rebuilt on . 
  the issue is it was free or democratic then either , yeltsin managed to steal an election in 96 and he shelled his own parliament in 93 . 
  nothing about the time was free nor democratic except access to foreign media and products . 
  while the rest of the country might not be as flashy as moscow , the rest of the regions are indeed experiencing the reforms as well . 
  at one point the issue shifts from the culture of corruption to the inaccessibility of the regions where it occurs , and that does give incentive to abuse power, 
   those people won their disctric representing themself as individuals to vote for , are in , party is not . 
  so you are saying that these individuals who would normally subscribe to svoboda policy would just decide to not do it if svoboda is n't represented ? 
   not even talking about that 6 people or 1 person is laughable amount i responded to the claim that ukraine is the only european country that does n't have far-right parties in parliament, 
  just because politota is retarded does n't mean i do n't think the belligerent talk shows are any less retarded , both have very little value for progress , one tries to over-incite against state enemies , the other tries to over-incite against the government . 
  what is this childish argument ? 
  i 'm not claiming that ukrainians are all nazis , you said that not me . 
  the guy said that there were no far-right parties in parliament in ukraine , which is not completely true . 
   but when people who call to destroy and extinguish dozen of other nations it is n't people , it 's person aka zhirik , and yes he is widely known to have acted in the role of a pseudo-nationalist . 
  actual nazi and far-right organizations , along with whatever the fuck natsbols are , are banned and actively suppressed . 
  the suppression is very pronounced recently as well , with the government actively trying to take away unity day from the russian march assholes . 
  depends on who you would call an ldpr goon i guess , so far i have n't seen any party medals openly portrayed by ldpr for the war as opposed to una-unso, 
  apples and oranges , ldpr is a joke party , while svoboda and rs have an actual far-right history of activity both in ukraine and abroad . 
  just because officially the parties are too small for formal presence does n't mean they are n't de-facto represented, 
  they might not a completely official representation , but they are still there , it is n't propaganda if they tried to represent svoboda and could n't but still got elected on the same agenda . 
  he is a liberal , in the original economic sense , [ here 's wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_liberalism ), 
  this is the same guy, 
  [ clearly someone is ignorant of his own parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_members_of_the_parliament_of_ukraine,_2014%e2%80%9319 ), 
  i was pretty sure they always have had some sort of constituency in the more western than kiev regions . 
  currently they have 6 deputats that are members of the non-factioned portion of vr , along with yarosh [ here 's the 8th session ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_members_of_the_parliament_of_ukraine,_2014%e2%80%9319 ), 
   would it be ok if crimea first separated and 15 seconds later chose to reunite with russia ? 
  that 's actually what happened , sevastopol and crimean ar seceded from ukraine , held a referendum , and then signed an ascension treaty , becoming federal city sevastopol and republic of crimea, 
  it 's also not an all or nothing situation . 
  abkhazia in general does not want to join russia , but south ossetia would like to unite with north ossetia , which is a part of russia, 
  russian threads tend to attract the lowest common denominator of eastern european reactionaries, 
  it is pretty porous , but most of it is with former soviet states with whom we have an almost open border, 
   without far right parties in the parliament [ lmao ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svoboda_ ( political_party \\ ) ), 
   implying anyone actively participating in politota is reasonable, 
   this is huge and will have massive diplomatic fall out . 
  so far , the answer from the duma foreign affairs committee is that this changes nothing , and plans will go on, 
   waiting for what sort of spin erdogan and the russians will put on this and who they blame russian response is that the assassination mean nothing and plans will go on as usual to avenge the ambassador 's death , blame is on terrorism, 
   to defend freedom from internal or external interference . 
  lmao how old are you ? 
  not possible , since all of this powder keg nonsense is bullshit , along with most of the argument . 
  turkey 's influence is laughable without nato backing and chinese investment in central asia is n't uprooting russia 's traditional relations with the region , and just because mongolians are accepting investment does n't mean they somehow magically would pick a side . 
  japan will follow suit , there are a bunch of projects they want to be involved in , only to be hampered by their standing in line on foreign policy . 
  abe 's visit to russia already attracted criticism from the obama administration , presenting a japan that would rather do away with the sanctions at first opportunity, 
  it 's not competing standards per-se , as the point is their serve their state first and foremost, 
  well the immediate stuff is really seeing who got to go back where after the ussr was already collapsing , such as the crimean tatars . 
  it also depends on what period of the ussr we are comparing, 
  try iiss and nupi as well , very high quality sources, 
  once again , both of these states have a much more integrated history with the russian space and a much more important strategic value than the baltics . 
  russia does n't view the baltics as a potential tool to use against russia because of its small size and how its out of the way from actual potential routes across europe and asia . 
  we already have two exits into the baltic sea , we do n't really need to use force to coerce them , as they have nothing of value that is unique to them, 
  says me and anyone in ir who is n't trying to sell defense contracts by fearmongering, 
  that 's the point , nobody really gives a fuck about the baltics , the only time they ever enter the media is when latvia does its retarded waffen-ss marches or tries to fuck with the local russian populations . 
  ukraine is much more important for russia than some butthurt land . 
  lmao how the fuck did we lose the old glory of the ussr in the baltics ? 
  even baltic people do n't want to be in the baltics !, 
  starting a war with a group that sits right next to russia 's second largest city , also sounds retarded , it 's like if south korea decided to attack north korea only to have seoul get fucked as a result and concerning sanctions , new wars in europe would only make western europe care enough to implement actually harsh sanctions . 
  even if trump decided to say fuck it , you still have a bunch of atlanticists ingrained into western european politics that would be happy to make life worse for russia, 
  man you are really obsessed with the image of them sucking dicks . 
  why the hell would russia take on the baltics ? 
  they provide very little value in anything , and all they 'll do is be super fucking annoying and start killing ethnic russians . 
  plus , even in france is n't willing to risk with nukes , that does n't mean the eu wo n't try to put in * actually * hurtful sanctions of some sort . 
  fighting over shit land for no gain is absolutely counterproductive and would just cost russia more money , which it would rather not spend on fighting a straight-up war with a neighbor, 
  ukrainians are a separate story from nato and the eu , and if you actually believe that putin is going to go invade all willy-nilly across europe that 's pretty dumb, 
  sounds like you need to stop being irrational, 
  just because it was written by the same person , does not mean it 's the same article , and this one is n't an op-ed , it 's a feature article . 
  but it 's clear that you are n't interested in actual events , and would rather just ignore all the evidence, 
  the mongolian empire however had no political or cultural traditions in common with neither vladimir-suzdal nor kiev , and they certainly did not assimilate into the dominant culture , and were also overthrown by the descendants of rurik and rus . 
  also , vladimir-suzdal is not the main cradle of russian culture , it was one of many principalities that made up rus . 
  and lastly , you do realize the amount of migration and settlement that occurred in that era was considerable , and slavs were already in the area at latest by 920 . 
  for the same reason that people west of the appalachian mountains are americans , slavs in the area were considered rusian as well, 
  it 's not , because the franks were their direct predecessor and they were germanic tribes , not roman constituents . 
  vladimir-suzdal however was a rus constituent , and the direct predecessor of muscovy, 
  it was used as a symbol of vladimir , the ruler who christened rus . 
  just because ukrainian nationalits decided to use the symbol as their national symbol does n't mean they have exclusive rights over its heritage, 
  no not necessarily , russian policy vis-a-vis our compatriots has been pretty retarded , with ridiculously complicated procedures for obtaining russian citizenship to people who have legacy in whatever iteration of the state they or their relatives left . 
  the real easement really began around the ukrainian crisis , when many ukrainians started to seek russian asylum or citizenship , which was when putin made the statement . 
  said statement was more of a double-down reaction to the events rather than something that was a concrete ideological narrative in the state itself,
