  putin strengthened the state 's control over its assets to stop the ludicrous amount of robbery done via the privatization schemes us specialists suggested in the 90s . 
  putin did not change much during his time , but the neighborhood around did , especially after the color revolutions . 
  in order for putin to guarantee the ability of russia to retain its foreign policy for state growth , he needs to stop the encroachment of the us around it , as it essentially denies russia 's ability to grow independently of the us . 
  russia is now much more prosperous than it was even in the mid 2000s , the only that changed within this time is the amount of pressure that the us applied on russia 's neighbors , starting in 2002 with georgia and now in 2014 in ukraine . 
  if anything putin has grown wary of his position , which is why russia 's factions are now more prevalent in making policy decisions . 
  hell , putin reinstated regional governor elections in 2011 . 
  putin has n't changed any of his actions , it 's the relationship with the us that changed . 
   even the us was negotiating free trade agreements with russia before russia invaded ukraine . 
  if the us focused on goodwill on russia , it would not have done the stupid shit that it did in ukraine . 
  honestly yea , i have better things to do right now, 
  i did n't say it was unique , i am well aware that russia is not alone in that , which is why i explicitly mentioned a nation-state like poland and not a multicultural state like the uk . 
  on france i would partially disagree based on my understanding of its assimilation policies, 
  oh sure , i was n't advocating that point , i was just pointing out that russia 's relationship with islam is different than bulgaria 's for many reasons , hope this clears that up, 
  i only changed it to reflect a situation that actually reflected history as the counter scenario , i did n't actually mean that i want that , i literally just changed so people can see some perspective, 
  i did n't realize shitposting counts as participation, 
  your own numbers do n't support that statistic . 
  how can it be 99 % if 35 and and 56 of the two largest populations in the world support ? 
   the irony is you are proving his point . 
  what are you , going through my history now ? 
  pathetic  he wants russia weak because he fears russia wants to conquer everyone else and trash them for benefit of small russian elite . 
  you confirmed this statement that you want stronk and its neighbors weak so russia can conquer them . 
  nope , just decided to switch the perspective on what he sounds like when he wishes russians ill  i understand your position . 
  you are an ultra-nationalist imperialist in support of russian colonialism . 
  you just need to realize that everyone else who isnt is going to be against this . 
  no you do n't , you 're just doing screaming witch on top of your lungs, 
   i am mocking you on purpose . 
  i know you are , you mock any russian that disagrees on purpose , you are n't capable of proper discourse with people you disagree  so yes i am copying to mock you . 
  and yes i do have strawmans , they are your strawmans . 
  you are just making generic ad hominem and strawman comments . 
  no strawman from my side , that 's exactly to style of conversation you have on this sub , it just makes you look ignorant  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/08/05/russia-loves-putin-the-rest-of-the-world-not-so-much/  you are the one arguing opinion . 
  it is your opinion other countries like russia . 
  i on the other hand am not arguing opinion . 
  i am stating the statistical facts that the world hates russia . 
  china looks favorable to russia because russia sells them cheap oil and is their bitch , they dont support russia 's delusions of conquest . 
  except that countries with larger populations do n't hate russia , it 's right there in the link . 
   and even countries that have a favorable view of russia still dont support russia 's acitons . 
  show me statistics that people in india and china support russian imperialism and colonialism . 
  buzzwords and rhetoric aside , go look for polls if you can find them , the general portrayal factors that support  please though tell me how in your opinion the statistics dont count because you say so or make another generic ad hominem/strawman . 
  you said 99 % of the world which is already refuted by your ljnk, 
  because of some opposition guy that had a joke siberian referendum in response to the crimean referendum . 
  the guy was an idiot , but the government tactic of hyper-protectivity does n't play well either , and that is definitely a pr mistake , our government is n't good at it . 
  also worthy to mention is the fact that the uk was certainly the exception by allowing the referendum , and even then they still did their best to interfere . 
  the reality is that the republics want to stay in russia , in many cases because they are not self-sufficient in most ways . 
  they are not always happy with the government , but that manifests itself into the broader russian political discourse , not into their own ethnic opposition . 
  it 's funny how you could n't come up with a response , and just decidedto copy what i said and put in a bunch of strawman arguments . 
  you then continue your rant by somehow assuming you can speak for 99 % of the world , especially when a significant portion of that number comees from russia-friendly populations in india and china, 
  it 's just the typical daily beast doing everything to put a negative connotation to ` russian ' , we 're used to it, 
  yes , because back when they had a chance while russia was weak , they could have created a seperatist wave that would have been too much for yeltsin to handle , effectively guaranteeing de-facto independence . 
  that never happened, 
  oh man you perfectly fit the stereotype , all you need is a nice ` the end is nigh ' poster you can use when you ramble in the middle of the street . 
  i do n't think you even realize just how stupid you sound , although with the amount of shitposters on this sub you probably do n't want to be drowned out by the other people on the block with their ` you are all idiots ' posters , so you most likely consciously start trying to scream louder to try to get more attention . 
  newsflash , you just end up looking even stupider, 
  satelite states ? 
  do you enjoy spreading ignorance ? 
   things were all right when finland was weak and under russian control through the late 1800s and early 1900s . 
  i certainly would like to see that return , and extended perpetually . 
  especially with russia going through some big issues now better that finland is as trashed as possible . 
  nah , more like that annoying guy that screams on the street about how everyone around him is an idiot . 
  of course , but in the context of an article like this the difference is important . 
  also do n't forget that the russian diaspora is huge , and that these people are more often than not russkie rather than rossiyani, 
  in reality it 's definitely less by a couple of % due to illegal immigration from central asia , people who will most likely avoid the census people . 
  i would say it 's more 79 % . 
  and they are n't cognates , ethnic russian comes from the root rus ' as in the medieval origin state of east slavs . 
  russian citizen comes from russia the state, 
  i think breton is different , as they do have their own language iirc, 
  what ? 
  i understand the circlejerk here about how crimea is ukrainian for some reason , but what else do you believe is not russian land ? 
  but russia has more muslims total , not to mention with a history of islamic radicalism which is why the numbers are bigger, 
  that 's because back then , moscow was not the center of power in the region , it was vladimir and suzdal that was the regional capital . 
  it too was a part of kievan rus , along with places like ryazan and novgorod . 
  kievan rus was very decentralized so it is n't like everyone only lived around kiev , people lived all around the east slavic lands . 
  moscow only began to grow after the invasion of the mongols, 
  he 's the equivalent of a tea party activist , a zhirinovskiy local to spb that panders to the religious right . 
  some things like banning transfats in foods in the city were ok initiatives , but most of the time it 's just moral bible thumping, 
  most of the time , people do n't bother writing either , sticking with the ambiguous ` russian ' term, 
  sure there are , but the proportion is very different , poland has a 97 % ethnic polish population, 
  that 's usually how the daily beast works when it comes to russia . 
  their article purportedly confirming it was basically just filling in the blanks with what they believe the security services would do , and that is based solely on their own bias, 
  i think that most of the time it 's the lack of knowledge that russia is a federation with many groups that are n't just ethnically russian , and thus just bundle it with nation-states like poland, 
  oh man that rhetoric , let me guess , you 're the enlightened opposition . 
  milonov does not have any significant public following, 
  and since when does anyone actually care what he says ? 
  kadyrov is a russian citizen , but he is an ethnic chechen , not an ethnic russian . 
  uzbeks are heavily represented due to the [ islamic movement of uzbekistan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_movement_of_uzbekistan ) . 
  uzbekistan already had a problem with this group since the fall of afghanistan to the taliban . 
  that 's a problem of the english language which does not have seperate words for russian citizens and ethnic russians . 
  chechens could be rossiyani , but they ca n't be russkie . 
   has libya been clean in your view ? 
  a lot of people have forgotten how the libyan rebels treated black people after khaddafi fell ... 
   but our government is definitely not a bunch of petty thieves . 
  your president is an oligarch , every single party currently has its own group of oligarchs backing it , each with their own battalion to defend their interests . 
  now with this news falling into attention , you * still * want to defend your government on this matter ? 
  they 're probably still trying to funnel as much money as they can into their offshores as we speak, 
  the aid was a holdover from the 90s to ensure that russian nukes did n't get stolen . 
  [ they actually have provided material earlier today : mod satelite photos and airstrike footage ] ( http://ria.ru/syria_mission/20151202/1334390432.html ), 
  it is n't forbes , it 's one specific contributor : paul roderick gregory . 
  look at his history and you 'll know what i mean, 
  i see , my condolences if it is indeed the case, 
   we had relatives in syria but since they were alawites i think they are all dead by now . 
  you ... you do know who assad is right ?
