  stalin was a repressive dictator , but he did bring necessary development along with it , in order to propel the ussr into superpower status for the next 40 years , it 's hard to not appreciate that . 
  personally , it 's hard for me to really have an overall opinion on him just because of the extremes of his rule . 
  he was a racist son of a bitch that deported many peoples that were actually harmonically living in the ussr , and he was ruthless with dissent , but he also developed soviet industry , and increased the literacy rate . 
  i certainly wo n't be putting flowers at his grave , but i wo n't be spitting on it either , i will just treat him as a controversial historical figure , and so will the rest of russia . 
  most people that respect him obviously do n't want him now , but life now is completely different than back then , and we do n't need to go through the same shit that we did then, 
  fuck you for trying to equate ethnic nationalism and communism . 
  ethnic nationalism is leagues worse than communism, 
  religion and stalin is a complicated story , stalin originally trained to become a priest before becoming atheist , and during wwii he revived the church at a time of great suffering in the ussr . 
  it 's a weird relationship that was n't really absolute by the end, 
  that 8 % meant jack shit for peasants and workers . 
  do n't try to justify the empire 's rule . 
  seems silly a commentor like you would advocate `` autocracy , orthodoxy , nationalism '', 
  i mean , it looks pretty silly already , things like waffen-ss and franco are attempted to be treated with nuance here , but suddenly stalin does n't deserve that same approach , when there is much more nuance to his rule than someone like hitler , who had shit like generalplan ost, 
  saying that stalin 's rule was a mixed bag is not the same as loving stalin , quit your bullshit you shitty propagandist, 
  pretty much everything khruschev did was in vain , the only plus of his time was the vitalization of soviet animation . 
   there are distinct identities in russia itself , inevitably for the country of such size . 
  yet they all fall under rossiyane , it was never the same in the soviet union  chechnya is de-facto independent already , and kadyrov is only loyal to putin personally , not to russia . 
  chechnya having high autonomy is n't the same as russia collapsing , not even close  insurgency in dagestan seems to be based on islamist rather than national ideas and despite brutality of russian authorities guerilla war still goes on since 1990s and hundreds still die every year . 
  that does n't mean russia is going to collapse , and it sure as hell does n't mean dagestan will be independent , because nobody there wants to live under jihadist rule  smaller-scale insurgency also seems to be going on in ingushetia . 
  once again , relevant how ? 
   soviet elites as well as soviet people were very deeply integrated in soviet union too . 
  in the end , it did not help . 
  tatarstan seems to be a clear example of distinct identity with large population concentrated in their homeland , something you claim to be non-existent in russia . 
  tatars have their own republic , but they are also ubiquitous all around russia . 
  so what if they have a distinct identity ? 
  tatars will always benefit being in russia than out of it , you seem to be going out of your way to portray tatars as fundamentally different than russia , but this is n't the 17th century . 
  most of the time you wo n't even notice someone is tatar until they tell you , they act like rossiyane , it 's not like they live in a bubble . 
   yes , this is exactly why the rally in support of siberia federal status was instantly banned and condemned as extremism . 
  what the fuck does `` siberian federal status '' even mean ? 
  siberia is already a federal division , you ca n't ban what already exists . 
  do you have any idea about what you 're talking about ? 
   moscow authorities just need to alienate local people further , by taking natural resources from their region and keeping most money . 
  when people have issues with the government in russia , they do n't go into regional opposition movements , they go to national opposition movements . 
  do you really think that an entity that has kept continuous control of these lands under only russian name is just going to collapse ? 
  russia has been invaded many times , and there were several attewmpts to carve it up , but that land has always returned back to its original form , so if you think some small grievances about resources are going to destroy russia , you are either delusional or do n't know jack shit about russia . 
  we have had several opportunities where the conditions you set for collapse were there , but we did n't , and we wo n't . 
  russia , by nature of having developed a culture that allows non-russkie to join , has managed to live in ethnic coexistance with most of its peoples , these people are rossiyane , and they do n't want the country split , no matter how much you keep saying they do . 
   soviet union once seemed pretty solid too , but once the disintegration started , it only took only a year . 
  the soviet union was made up of nation-states with distinct identities with large populations concentrated in their homelands , not a parallel  north caucasus ethnic republics are the first candidates , they are miniscule but can set the precedent by breaking away . 
  only chechnya has a history of recent seperatism under a national idea , everyone else is very much staying as part of the russian state  tatarstan , an oil-rich ethnic republic , looks like possibility as well . 
  tatar elites were part of the founding group that surrounded putin in 99 , they like the rest of tatars are deeply integrated into russia  and then there is siberia regionalism . 
  complete bullshit that someone keeps suggesting with no basis on reality, 
  it 's 80 % ethnic russian , spread out through the entire country . 
  the people are n't going to split into several russian entities, 
  according to what reasoning ? 
  not to mention the obvious flareup that would happen in donbass again, 
  the eu by its nature is more prone to significant restructuring and even dissolution than a state with a united nationality , policy , and military . 
  there are n't any more subdivisions that russia can break into , while the opposite is true in the multinational , multigovernmental eu . 
  embassiess tend to hire a lot of staff , not really surprising, 
  in the real world , that is exactly what support is . 
  ukrainians come to russia for jobs , and bring remittances back . 
  the gas was constantly cheap until they have another bullshit `` revolution '' and decide to endanger russian geopolitical positions . 
  without russian help in such areas ukraine would be much worse off than it is today , and it 's pretty bad now . 
  oh i 'm sorry , i was n't aware that the yanukovich family was the only fucking party that engaged in trade , and that only they bought russian goods from stores , and used heavily discounted russian gas . 
  how could i miss that yanukovich is the only person able to buy food and supplies ? 
  so now apparently all those loans and trade are n't considered support ? 
  obviously we are n't supporting you after all the shit that was pulled , but we were sure as hell supporting before that , and to deny that is just incredibly stupid, 
  i mean , by virtue of actually having functional state institutions we are already doing better , but if you want to continue the self-immolation , go ahead . 
  but we are n't going to support you and the eu can only take a certain amount of this shit too . 
  enjoy the power struggle, 
   it is just an ocean of disenchantment and bitterness . 
  this comment must be nice to read to our russian `` friends '' though  not really , you guys played yourself when you actually believed that maidan was the correct way to go . 
  you pissed off large segments of your own population , and brought economic suspensions all over . 
  hopefully at least next time you 'll be wary , but i honestly doubt that , because it keeps being the same shit all over again , and all done under the guise of `` building the ukrainian nation '' , and everytime everyone eats it up because it sounds nice , and every time it falls because rhetoric does n't bring development, 
  says who ? 
  a ukrainian state that has existed for only 20 years ? 
  because they clearly have legitimacy , what with all the nationbuilding and development they did in the region / s, 
   enthem can you remind me ? 
  i do n't actually recall that, 
  flew turkish recently , great food, 
  aeroflot is alright , it 's like delta really . 
  i miss transaero though , they gave me ice cream and crepes :(, 
  yes it was , you 're the fucking one that mentioned demographics, 
  \\ + functional government + protected strategic industries , so our resource money mostly goes into our economy + upgraded mic . 
   i thought that that was just because of tradition . 
  did the soldiers actually not want to use the bandages ? 
  / u/longes gave a reason next to you just now , but even as tradition , socks make more sense now . 
   do you have any links to photo comparisons you can send my way ? 
  i love this kind of stuff . 
  [ `` polite people '' in crimea ] ( https://meduza.io/image/attachments/images/000/006/077/large/__6hv9lze6tltdlmpasnlw.jpg ) vs [ airborne 2008 ] ( http://sanatatur.ru/static_1/8/d/8dbb5ef53635b26ac51493d17030980a.jpeg ) [ fuller picture of ground forces , 2009 ] ( http://www.mvestnik.ru/mvfoto/2015/09/26/1.jpg ), 
  clearly !, 
  it 's not like it 's their land either , they just started squating on glorious turkic land !, 
   in the long term , government just wants to fuck your shit up , while oligarchy is just about money and eventually turns into something better in a rather peaceful way . 
  that 's rich, 
  in russia 's case it 's a transitionary measure , the entire armed forces is experiencing a long revamp from soviet-era to a modern flexible structure done by professionals . 
  conscription is still here because there is still not enough incentive to muster a million-man army , but the conditions are being improved ( 1 year instead of 2 years , soldiers get actual socks instead of rags , uniform overhaul , etc ), 
  it did n't get much , but that is n't the same as silent . 
  frankly why is it so important that they did n't keep covering it ? 
  it happened , she was arrested , they reported it . 
  what 's the point of keep showing it ? 
   rossia-1 [ check again ] ( http://www.vesti.ru/theme.html?tid=109524 ) [ and \u0422\u0412\u0426 had one too ] ( http://www.tvc.ru/news/show/id/87557 ), 
  [ gee , so silent that they have a whole tag dedicated to the news ] ( http://www.vesti.ru/theme.html?tid=109524 ), 
  it happened just 20 years ago , and after all of the brutality there was a major reconstruction drive . 
  chechnya is now objectively better off in russia than it is outside of it, 
   i knew , of course , that my father was an excellent regional governor and this is why children ca n't make objective statements of their parents, 
  yep , rest of the time it 's just a restaurant-bar that clears the floor for djs after midnight, 
  oh nah , roskomnadzor is an abbreviation for russian communications oversight . 
  the kicker is that he reported his own post 2 years prior , and they said they will block it , but they did n't . 
  so he asked a second time , and they ended up blocking reddit because of the way reddit works in terms of security . 
  it was n't ful though , because the way blocking works is that isps themselves have to do it , and many did n't bother until the block was lifted,
