  which is easily done ? 
  you do n't have to get your passport issued where you live , the ministry of foreign affairs is in charge of it anyway, 
   if we do n't count those who got kidnapped , tortured , killed by other russian agencies . 
  the few that actually experienced it experienced it from their peers , there has not been any indication it was the authorities, 
  at the cost of their limited ability to conduct independent foreign affairs, 
  ukraine 's constitutional right applies only within ukraine , it has no bearing over land they do not control, 
  the thing is that after seeing the independent state , most people have changed their attitude to the state they did n't support originally , whether it be support or mere toleration . 
  not like morality matters much in geopolitics , but i was n't the one that made a moral argument to begin with, 
  it 's the country they feel they belong to , some will tell you it should have never ended up in ukraine in the first place due to the fuckery that happened during the dissolution, 
   the horror is that you do n't see horror in occupying country soldiers roaming through the streets . 
  if going to a supermarket to buy food is your best argument , you do n't have much of an argument  but yeah , crimeans should be thankful that russia sent its special forces who did not loot as those regular army soldiers during georgian war , and were paying for their food . 
  based on the referendum and independent polling , it still seems that they are indeed thankful for them coming  what i was saying that russian special forces had to use force . 
  well yes , the amount of which was very minimal . 
  the only military casualty was some drunk ukrainian soldier that charged a russian post at night . 
  it 's not like there was a nonmilitary way to tell ukraine not to interfere, 
  not anytime soon , dagestan never wanted independence , and chechnya 's independence basically meant it became a lawless state rife with mafiosi and jihadists , i do n't think many people in chechnya wa n't that again, 
  it did , and during its de-facto independence it became a mafia and jihadist breeding ground . 
  the invasion of jihadists into dagestan in 99 is what sparked the second war, 
  so china  germany ? 
  well the passports themselves are equivalent , because they only say where a person was born , not where a person lives . 
  the lying would have to happen only during the visa application process itself, 
  no doubt , but they would need to actually believe they are liars . 
  there probably are gray-market services to spoof your place of residence inside the country , and most of the focus during the visa application also goes towards your ability to support yourself in the country during the trip . 
  it also helps that schengen does not have a single authorization authority, 
  soldiers want to buy food , the horror !, 
   as for the navy , i still do n't get what you 're saying . 
  how any of what you 're saying now is counter-argument for what girkin is telling ? 
  the point is that whether crimean police and military helped or not does n't have any effect on whether it was a farce or not . 
  the only thing that matters is that a majority of the population wanted it, 
  what 's to stop them from presenting themselves as russians not living in crimea ? 
  haha what ? 
  so apparently only countries that ca n't assert themselves militarily are not shitholes ? 
  and what is the morality of keeping the people under a state they do not support ? 
  how is ukraine in any way in the moral right to keep crimea ? 
   it is to be considered that the referendum is held at the gun point . 
  or do you think it 's a non-issue ? 
  they were n't roaming much either , their concentrations were around ukrainian military targets first and foremost . 
   of course i remember seeing soldiers next to voting booths , and voting booths being outside , but it might have been all in the `` voting '' process in donbass region . 
  that was indeed in donbass not crimea  what you wanted to say about those three dozen officers who did a treason and joined the russian army afterwards i do not know . 
  [ `` of the 8,000 sailors who served in crimea only 2,000 chose ukraine . 
  most of the others opted to join the russian side . 
  '' ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/news/ukraine-navy-left-high-dry-crimea-losses-053535632.html?ref=gs ) my point is that what girkin described is called employees not counting their chickens before they hatched . 
  as soon as crimea joined russia , they served russia and not ukraine . 
  whether or not they defected during the process speaks nothing about the moves legitimacy , as they joined russia anyway after the union, 
   and yet i 've seen video of soldiers both outside and inside of the polling booths . 
  either is unacceptable in a fair vote . 
  please source it then , because i guarantee that you have n't seen them in polling booths  here the ballots appear to be folded shut at least ; which i did not see being the case in the crimea vote were you a monitor for the vote ? 
  i somehow doubt you monitored the election closely  only gives you the option to vote for two different possibilities , both of which benefit the foreign power and neither of which is the status quo . 
  this has to do with the fact that the second choice was supposed to be the status-quo back in the 90s when the first referendum was passed . 
  kiev ignored it and brought troops in to arrest the president of crimea and annul its constitution . 
  either way , the majority of the population did vote for annexation , as confirmed by western polls that people keep ignoring for some reason, 
  none of your links actually show the following  a choice made when you have a gun pointed at you is not choice . 
  aka that troops were watching people make their votes . 
  i have no doubt that the current authorities at the time did not assist , because that would not only make them crappy employees , but also a potential security risk without vetting . 
  it also did n't change the fact that once the referendum was done and crimea was annexed that they joined their equivalent positions under russian employment , like [ members of the ukrainian navy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_navy ), 
  im another person  well , what are you classifying as `` repercussions '' ? 
  aside from resistance in ukraine , nobody has militarily fought with russia ( aside from the unrelated turkish shootdown a while back ) , exactly  but certainly i 'd say that there have been repercussions of crimea -- russia has been ejected from the now-g7 , has had sanctions imposed on individuals and the country expulsion for g7 and individual sanctions are symbolic gestures that practically mean nothing for the country , and while financial sector sanctions are inconvenient , they are not a strong repercussion , russia is able to weather such things better than an eu country would because russia just does n't depend on western power structures as much as the eu does , for the most part it uses its own leverage for its goals , while the eu uses the goodwill balance it has among its states , along with its vassal-ish attitude it has towards the united states , if any member pulled out such an act , they would be suppressed really quickly . 
   has seen relations collapse collapse is too dramatic , countries we were never friends were in the first place continue to hate us , while we did experience set backs with economical partners like germany , negotiations are still very much open . 
   perhaps most significantly with ukraine , which with it could have maintained a relatively-friendly relationship had russia taken a different route this would never have happened , as soon as the new elite took control , it was clear that the attitude would be hostile to russian interests , just as it happened in georgia 2002 and ukraine 2004 . 
  they had openly established themselves as western-oriented political whores that would have egged on for nato expansion anyway . 
  at least this way russia has made it categorically clear that ukraine is to never join nato  once-withering nato reinvigorated it only seemed like it was withering based on news headlines . 
  nato decisions have always been closely tied to us strategic decisions , the russian component of which have been run by neoconservative hawks with cold war mentalities so all in all , the negative aspects were too small to discourage to move , there was still more strategic gain then loss , the only change is that tensions became more public than before, 
  bull fucking shit in all of the footage from the referendum , russian soldiers were not in the polling booths , they were mostly concentrated around ukrainian power structures like police , sbu , and military . 
  the ballot boxes meanwhile were how [ ukrainian voting is done ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/ukrainian_parliamentary_election,_2007.jpg ) , these are ballot boxes that ukraine uses for their elections, 
  you can look back at vice footage and beyond during the referendum , all the troops were stationed around ukrainian power structures to keep them inside , i have n't seen a single image of soldiers in or near the polling booths, 
   if you mean legally , that 's what russia claims , but not what the bulk of the world recognizes . 
  if they have a russian passport , they are de-facto russian citizens , and countries that accept russian passports accept these people as russian citizens . 
   if countries start sending their militaries in and taking bits of land if they can then get a subsequent vote in favor over the objections of the country involved , where does it end ? 
  the sudetenland , a la germany ? 
  how about chechnya ? 
  would the people there favor foreign support ? 
  what about all the bits of europe that historically-belonged to one country or another ? 
  a pretty simple answer : any country that feasibly can do it with few repercussions will do it , but nobody in the eu can do it , so they do n't, 
  what civilizational gap ? 
  russia did it because it could , hungary , romania , serbia and spain did not because they physically ca n't . 
  that 's pretty much the only reason, 
  / r/europe has gotten very racist over the past year or so, 
  you 're thinking of unionists, 
  the ottomans were n't really cultural heirs to hellenic culture, 
   unless we really need lots of immigrants , as a now very developed country , i do n't think we should continue to have mass immigration of any kind . 
  the dissonance is strong, 
  international law basically put both of us there because international law has jack shit to do with democracy , but has everything to do with power , enjoy whining against how unfair you see the world that everything ca n't be in your fucked up rosy view , i 'm done with this convo . 
  your whole mantra is if you do n't like it then fuck the rules , and i 'll criticize your stupid `` expert on international law '' ass however much i care to , because clearly you really do n't give a fuck about international law , only about the state interests of the state your country whores off to, 
  yea looks like they taught you jack shit in tartu if this is seriously your interpretation of international law, 
  yea you go up to a floor and see the glorious moscow view, 
  well short period is hard , considering the major issue is when they came back , they setup up in unregistered living conditions that were never worked our with ark , and given how much everything in crimea is slow on reform , it will take quite some time unfortunately . 
  despite this , crimean tatars live openly and do n't hide who they are , there were many crimean tatar flags openly displayed all around bakhchisaray . 
  helicopters for that arial footage, 
  definitely should continue to be contained, 
  [ guy made a video advocating gun rights on the premise of ridding russia of ` insects ' that are caucasian people ] ( https://youtu.be/q8ilxqieemg ) . 
  he is not fit to rule shit, 
  https://youtu.be/q8ilxqieemg navalny should never be given power, 
  we have over 100 different languages and ethnicities within our borders, 
  i 'm sorry , but if you think that the answer is electing a guy whose argument for gun rights was to shoot at caucasians superimposed with sand people sounds , i do n't think people like you need to be deciding shit, 
  im sorry , who planned the systemic genocide of ~ 80 % of eastern europe again ? 
  nazis were hands on a far worse level than anyone else , and got what was coming to them, 
  reprogramming nazis should definitely be done . 
  latvia is n't ukraine, 
  rehabilitation actually seems to have started , bakhchisaray area and stariy krim are actually starting to experience a cultural boost , but they are directly competing with the uoc for spread . 
   it was obvious in a same way that it was obvious in donbass when equipment that is in possession of russian army only started appearing en masse there , with several russian soldiers arrested and whole first phase of the `` uprising '' led by russian citizens who were military of intelligence services veterans .
