  \u041e\u043e\u043e is that refreshing !, 
  join our discussions at / r/geopolitics , i believe it will pique your interest !, 
  commonwealth is n't puerto rico 's status-defining title , it 's a territory of the united states , much like all other pre-statehood lands west of the mississippi . 
  massachusetts and virginia are both commonwealths , but the title is a formality not a status title like statehood is, 
  * you 're welcome *, 
   not even the order of magnitude close to you , even in modern times ( example : chechnya ) . 
  this has anything to do with ukraine because ... ? 
  it was ukrainian artillery bombarding donetsk , and it was ukrainian citizens who suffered , or are they not your people as well ? 
    yet everytime russia makes a foreign policy decision  what foreign policy decision are talking about ? 
  being shot down by turkey ? 
  did you decide that ? 
  more like everytime russia meets western europe on syria , smugness is n't your strong suit, 
   well , good luck transporting electricity by the sea . 
  that 's not being blockaded , that was just vandalized  could n't give two fucks about russian decisions , unless they involve taking our land or killing our people . 
  you guys did a great job of killing your people on your own  that is exactly right . 
  get off our territory and stop trying to influence our politics . 
  then do whatever you want - we do n't care . 
  yet everytime russia makes a foreign policy decision , ukrainian media somehow tries to tie it to ukraine . 
  the fact that / r/ukrainianconflict has posts on syria only proves it . 
  the court pays , not russia, 
  you actually believe that blockade matters ? 
  ships are a thing , all it did was partially block a market for ukrainian businesses and show that that nationalists do n't really want crimea back . 
  it 's the equivalent of shooting yourself in the foot screaming ` take that ! ', 
  what is it with ukraine that it wants to have to do with every decision russia makes ? 
  i thought you patriots want ` independence from moskali ', 
  was pretty real in crimea , and it 's backed by polling by gallup . 
  just sounds like denial, 
  says the guy who unironically posts paul gregory opinion pieces, 
  boy are you in the wrong place for that ... 
  i want to know what pipeline is going to deliver all of that oil from the western hemisphere to you edit : although apparently shipping is n't as big of an issue anymore for crude, 
   syrian rebels have amassed multiple manpad models since 2012 , and the islamic state has generally had little trouble acquiring any weapon used by syrian rebels either through purchase or capture , military analysts say . 
  though the pentagon 's central command acknowledges this concern , it said it had no conclusive evidence yet that the islamic state had such weapons . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/27/world/middleeast/missiles-of-isis-may-pose-peril-for-aircrews.html?hp&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;module=first-column-region&amp;region=top-news&amp;wt.nav=top-news&amp;_r=0 the pentagon acknowledges the issue but wo n't actually confirm it to be true since they are also helping to supply the rebels, 
  we have 1 recently refitted aircraft currently in the barents sea area : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_aircraft_carrier_admiral_kuznetsov of course , that obviously is not enough, 
  the uk has nuclear weapons , no one would attack them anyway . 
  countries with significant defense industries and nuclear weapons to use are a big nuisance for any attacker , it would have to be some serious shit going down that is worth taking a nuke to a major city . 
  nobody is like that right now, 
  they in fact are not even fighting the mispelled group , turkey has decent relations with iraqi kurdistan, 
  government is actually taking seriously in public , putin condemning the dopers , ria novosti talking about it , etc it 's definitely something the gov wants to fight, 
  ah yes , our dear friend yuschenko , rehabilitator of upa and bandera , herald of nato , russia 's bestest friend . 
  even under yanukovich anti-russian hysterics managed to annoy the shit out of many people east of the dnieper , and act as a great scapegoat against problems in the country . 
  how did alarm bells not start ringing when you were all voting him in ? 
  he is an oligarch , and the only response i could get was `` we have to give him a chance '' , which is absolutely ludicrous !, 
   maybe if after some more years ukraine does n't have any jurisdiction in donetsk than we can consider crimea as an independent entity . 
  it 's hk now apparently, 
  i thought you meant wwii , although major moves into america usually had to do with the stability , especially now . 
  the myth of the `` american dream '' is definitely not as strong as it was before, 
  inb4 the russians did it, 
   cant find your car keys ? 
  yeah , fucking russia took them dead, 
  it 's there for the same reason lapti are : souvenirs of russia as a state/souvenirs integrated from other groups into russian culture . 
  not exactly surprising, 
  it 's cheating to bring it up in this case , because the us was extremely isolated away from the events in europe at the time . 
  no shit everyone would try to move to america , nazis could n't swim that far in large numbers, 
  lol sure, 
  how about instead of choosing to be an ignorant fuck you actually read about the bloody war ? 
  you 'd think simon would at least provide context for how south ossetia and abkhazia gained their de-facto independence ( hinthint : georgian civil war ) , but no , russia is evil and south ossetians and abkhazians do n't real . 
  ostrovsky 's reports have went down in quality so much from the ukrainian episodes, 
  more like they stood back because saakashvili was imagining support he never had . 
  simply sucking up to the us is n't going to make them help , especially in a direct war with russian troops, 
  that 's such an obvious provocation that it 's not even funny . 
  transdniester and gaugazia already exist, 
  they really do n't , due to the length of time they have spent living with a more prevalent russian culture , with the same religion only encouraging it , most finno-ugric people have gone through varying stages of assimilation , especially since the physical differences are n't that big, 
  actually mari people have started to develop a new form of nationalism that focuses on unity with russian culture . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cooelkabxwa ) . 
  wikipedia does not provide the necessary nuances that define the relations between finno-ugric peoples and russians , it is unfair to call it forced russification when it is much more along the lines of integration of a smaller ethnic group into a more prevalent culture , examples can be also found in the far east where a smaller indigenous siberian group will merge into a larger one . 
  and it is n't like these ethncities are marginalized from society , the mayor of moscow is of mansi descent for instance . 
  that 's because their pride and identity is for themselves and the federation , not for rfe/rl . 
  buryats , tatars , bashkirs , etc are all rossiyani, 
  would n't be the / r/europe i know if it was n't there :\\ ^ ), 
  [ yea it was 2nd according to sipri ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/ranked-the-strongest-militaries-in-the-world-2015-9 ), 
  buses definitely exist in moscow, 
  that 's exactly what 's happening with the third ring and the existing line expansions , the system will still be under a lot of pressure considering everyone tends to go towards the center, 
  that 's because you portray yourselves as the purveyor of democracy or some shit, 
  black sun empire and noisia man, 
  he is an oligarch, 
  khodorkovsky is a fucking oligarch , he put on such an innocent look when in fact he most certainly belonged in jail . 
  he 's a berezovsky that got away with acting innocent, 
  the problem here is 1 ) his arrests did not involve exile to siberia as you claimed and 2 ) navalny is not an example of a viable alternative , considering his ties with ethnic nationalists , shady power plays within the opposition , and his appeal to populism within opposition circles . 
  navalny is absolutely one of the worst choices for president , let alone mayor of moscow as he tried before . 
  if navalny is what you consider a serious candidate , then the ` serious ' part of ` serious opposition ' is pretty skewed, 
  give me one example of a politician literally sent to siberia , i 'll wait, 
  it 's not like he eats them or anything , they just do a good job on their own being fuckbois . 
  it 's not news either , any actual serious research on russian opposition points to how out of touch they are with the rest of the country, 
  hence bubble, 
  probably , just do n't base these things off of reddit . 
  people here sometimes do n't understand why online polls could be innaccurate, 
  exactly , it 's not like anyone else in the region is fighting because ` terrorism ' , everyone is funding their own proxies in this war in order to gain influence in a pretty strategically located state . 
  turkey and the gulf states each fund their respective non-isil militant group , iran and russia fund and arm assad . 
  meanwhile the syrian kurds are looking for anyone to help them out with dealing with turkey in the north and is in the south , and they have expressed interested working with assad , seeing as they have a working relationship of sort with the government . 
  i think the kurds will continue to fight for their own behalf until the point where they can proclaim autonomy in whatever government will be in control in the future , which is a smart play given their limited resources, 
  it 's funny hearing anything about brainwashing from someone who manages to devote his time solely to articles trying discredit a country . 
  people tend to have interests in many fields , the only time you go to a sub outside worldnews or europe is to post something attacking russia that is somewhat related to the sub in question . 
  all you do is spam and shitpost , i really do n't care for what you have to say . 
  i have better things to do than read shitposts all day , the novelty wears off quickly, 
   well then i hope i can change what a typical poster is . 
  i 'll be frequenting these threads as russia is one of our bordering nations and i 'll do what i can to bring levelheadedness to the discussion . 
  thank you , that 's quite nice to hear on a sub like this  so , what do you envision putins russia looks like ? 
  i imagine russia will push on in the north trying to lay the path for future endeavors ( like the test of the artic nations ) . 
  with global warming , russia will definitely secure the new sea lanes that will appear in its waters for shipping .
