  not enough . 
   quarter of the population is pretty much the same as greeks and italians wut ? 
  well part of the justification for the new state in portugal was that the portuguese had a different `` culture '' that would n't work with democracy . 
  poland is now better than france , too . 
  yeah that 's right spain . 
  damn that 's almost as cheap as here . 
  not *, 
   spain you suuuuck !, 
  gorgeous , sweet music to my ears . 
   you do n't get to pick and choose what is europe and what is not . 
  except you do because continent `` categories '' are social constructs . 
  is armenia in europe ? 
  where exactly is the border ? 
  it 's all social convention . 
  russians do n't consider themselves european , they say so themselves . 
  hell even their `` colonial '' populations , for lack of a better word , come from europe . 
  if you look at the native population and not the `` colonial '' one you 'll see that most mexican tribes are similar to canadian and american ones . 
  moving goal posts already ? 
  there 's no need , i 'm just saying what i consider them to be . 
  russians say they `` go to europe '' apparently so they think of themselves as separate . 
  belarus is a bloody dictatorship in the 21st century and eastern ukraine decides to join russia . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  geography \u2260 identity . 
  i 'm not so sure i 'd consider belarussians and eastern ukranians european , either . 
  their culture is very different to ours . 
  yes but we 've stagnated since 2000 and we 're far from a `` stable economy '' . 
  ireland has one of the highest gdp per capita ( ppp ) in europe , i think it 's only second to luxembourg in the eu , we might as well still be climbing trees . 
  depends , they 're very different to romanians , slovenians , hungarians , czechs , estonians , etc. 
  yes but pretty similar to ukranians and belarussians . 
  the difference being it worked for them and not for us . 
  do you ? 
  they 're quite diverse but as a general rule i do n't really consider russia to be europe . 
  they 're very different to us , certainly western europe . 
  do you ? 
  they 're quite diverse but as a general rule i do n't really consider russia to be europe . 
  they 're very different to us , certainly western europe . 
  they would n't have to word it that way to get clicks . 
  yes , turkey is not considered a safe country for refugees . 
  turkey is not considered a safe country , the first ones are greece and bulgaria . 
  which are in the eu . 
  where do you read that ? 
  it 's not written anywhere so you are still incorrect . 
  nope , read again . 
  the prime minister did it without consulting their parliament , most people want further negotiations . 
  and eastern europe ? 
  i know , what you said before was incorrect though . 
  nope , also incorrect . 
  incorrect . 
   overall , the limited evidence available strongly suggests that britons do not want further integration , but that all other europeans , especially those in the eurozone , are more open to the idea . 
  fortunately , the eurobarometer asks two more specific questions on the topic . 
  one is whether more decisions should be taken at the eu level . 
  in that respect , ` only ' 48 percent of europeans are in favor , so enthusiasm about giving more power to brussels is tepid . 
  however , there are still more in favor than against ( 40 percent ) . 
  yet again there is a difference between the percentages within the eurozone -- 50 percent -- and those outside -- 43 percent . 
  the second , and more important question , is whether the eu should develop into a federation of nation states . 
  here , only 41 percent are in favor , but , again , those against are even fewer , at 34 percent . 
  a whopping 25 percent just do not know . 
  learn to read before spouting an opinion , it saves us all time . 
  norway is in a bad position regarding the eu . 
  you 're under the eu 's jurisdiction yet you do n't have a say in any of its laws . 
  you contribute to the eu budget and have no representation in parliament . 
  you 're essentially a part of the eu without the voice , only because your electorate narrowly voted against full accession without realising the impact this would have . 
   as an eea member , we do not participate in decision-making in brussels , but we loyally abide by brussels ' decisions . 
  we have incorporated approximately three-quarters of all eu legislative acts into norwegian legislation -- and counting . 
  we have legally secured access to the single market , and we practise the free movement of people , goods , services and capital . 
  norway is more closely integrated into many aspects of the eu than even some of the eu 's members . 
  our subscription to freedom of movement and our membership of the schengen area means that norway has even higher per capita immigration than britain . 
  tip : get an english dictionary for firefox or chrome , they do automatic spell-check , 
  no , that 's the opposite of provincialist nationalism . 
  it 's the breaking down of needless borders . 
  they want to join last i read . 
  yeah most people in the eu want a closer union . 
  in england ( not uk ) probably not . 
  well , scotland , ireland and iceland are keen . 
  at least try to spell properly if you insist on making your opinion heard . 
  nah you only get the reward if you put the work in . 
  is that an attempt at a dig ? 
  i suppose you want me to argue back ? 
  you know a whataboutism is a very soviet thing to do . 
  i think we should n't have expanded east so quickly , lots of countries there do n't share our liberal enlightenment values like poland and hungary but i guess half the point of the eu is to develop the countries that are less advanced . 
  sound pretty selfish wanting to contribute only when it suits them . 
  no flag but keep the money . 
   the new gov is not euro `` sceptic '' at all , they just put national interests over the internationalist ideology , or it 's just for show . 
  what does this mean ? 
  so which is it , just a front or are they really not euro `` sceptic '' ? 
  they sure want the money to stay though . 
  it 's a needless petty act of nationalism . 
  yeah , separation and chauvinism is such a basic knee-jerk reaction . 
  i feel sorry for them but confident they 'll catch up in the future . 
  actually most people do . 
  hey man they guy has a family . . 
  he just made sure it was viable and pointed out an overwhelming majority are pro eu , euro and nato . 
  he 's an utter buffoon . 
  this argument is beyond flawed and coming from attila the hun here makes it very ironic . 
  disproportionately well educated too . 
  article 5 is n't only applicable to states . 
  they 'll come round , it 'll just take some time . 
  the same way fossil fuels are n't subsidised ? 
  read psychological evidence of the matter if you wish to remove that scepticism . 
  you must feel very alone in polan,
