  on the contrary , we would n't have a banking crisis , a sovereign debt crisis , a foreign policy crisis or lack of transparency in the eu lobbies if we were a federation . 
  got any sources ? 
  clegg said he would n't have a coalition with the snp . 
  i assume that means they 're against scotland leaving . 
   [ `` i totally rule out any arrangements with the snp in the same way i rule out any arrangements with ukip - because there is no meeting point for me with one party that basically wants to pull our country to bits and another party that wants us to pull of of the eu . 
  '' ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/generalelection/general-election-2015-nick-clegg-rules-out-lib-dem-coalition-with-any-party-also-doing-a-deal-with-snp-or-ukip-10203481.html ), 
  me too . 
  only party that is fully pro-eu . 
  does n't hate immigrants like even labour does . 
  they 're very socially progressive ( like the greens ) but at the same time they 're economically literate and wo n't destroy the country ( like labour or the greens ) people keep voting in this cycle of conservatives when the economy gets tough and labour when things are good , instead of maintaining a moderate balance . 
  on top of that , the lds are the only party that explicitly wants to end the war on drugs . 
  they 're also the only party that is fully engaged with secular rights , they want to end religious discrimination in schools and legalise secular marriage . 
  it 's really sad to see that the british electorate is so easily convinced by tabloid level populist rhetoric against them . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.libdemvoice.org/liberal-youth-members-fight-nus-liar-liar-campaign-by-donating-to-liberal-democrat-campaigns-to-trollnus-45519.html ) essentially says my view on the tution fees issue . 
  i 'm so jealous that the uk has a social liberal party like the liberal democrats , in portugal we can only dream of having a party that competent . 
  having said that , i do n't agree with trident , nor do i agree that scotland should be forced to stay in the union . 
  if i was in scotland i would vote snp , they have their welfare state pretty sorted out it seems . 
  and what , let the country go to shit ? 
  lds actually got a lot accomplished despite being the minority party . 
  i do n't think you realise in how much of a shit hole the uk would be in right now if the tories had gone at it alone or if no government had been formed . 
  besides , if you vote green you 're just unaware of the economic reality that the country is facing and you 'll believe any utopia . 
  if you vote labour or tory you 're a hypocrite . 
  * not to forget they increased them to # 3000 after pledging to not increase them , mind you . 
  labour are a hell of a lot worse than the ld on the tuition fees issue . 
  tories are also in favour of unlimited fees . 
  lds still want to make tuition free but , unlike say the greens , they 're aware of the financial reality that the country is in . 
  as long as the tories are in power they 'll never do anything to make life easier for the majority and if labour get elected then they 'll send the country down another financial hole where tuition fee increase will be the least of their worries . 
  i 'm a federalist so clegg would really be the only option for me . 
  however i do n't agree with keeping trident or forcing scotland to stay in the union . 
  you can never agree on everything . 
  i know but thanks for your opinion anyway . 
  that 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  i 'd rather the eurozone finally got a banking union , a common foreign policy , an army and eu lobbies become accounted for on a national level than keep the uk in . 
  it 's not like the uk contributes much to the eu anyway and frankly i 'm tired of the chauvinism . 
  i absolutely agree and i do n't think a republic is a substitute for a monarchy . 
  the monarch has a completely different role to a president even in a parliamentary republic . 
  as long as they 're competent and there 's democratic support , it seems like a good way to maintain cultural identity and bring in some moneys . 
  born into power and it 's solvable . 
  undeserved privilege is always bad but in this case there 's something you can do about it . 
  yeah or some worse threat to other pows . 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  surely under some threat ? 
  most people do n't know this and think we all go to church on sunday . 
   yeah but we londoners live in the same country as the english , so our suicide rates should be through the roof . 
  ftfy, 
  that 's not true at all from my experience . 
  in portugal yes , but not in the uk . 
  federalism needs to enter national dialogue more . 
  whilst i agree , they say no one should be privileged by birth right , which also makes sense . 
  til , thanks . 
  if you 're sick and your country ca n't provide for you , you gain refugee status and thus can use our nhs like a resident . 
  also anyone from the eu can use it . 
  oh my what a naive thing to say !, 
  it 's not that they do n't want to , they ca n't !, 
  and is the issue here where they can physically live ? 
  i 'm sure they 'd much rather all live in communal halls or anywhere really rather than have to go back to the sickness , poverty , war and famine that awaits them in their home country . 
  yes . 
  just like anywhere else though , the strain on the system is negligible . 
  just because we 're portuguese does n't make our lives more valuable than anyone else 's . 
  and a space program !, 
  no but seriously only the most gullible fall for ukip 's cheap rhetoric . 
  it 's so obvious , too . 
   note that many `` natives '' ( i.e uk citizens ) are non-white and many `` non-natives '' are white , so it 's not an issue of racism and should not be described as such . 
  not if ukip has anything to say about it . 
   which is an entirely reasonable proposal . 
  no , it 's not . 
   why should british taxpayers have to pay for the healthcare of other nations ? 
  because we 're not sociopaths and if someone is dying we 'll help them . 
   ' i am not a homophobe but ... ' . 
    portugal in a nutshell . 
  that 's dumb for cases like these when it 's about minority rights . 
  [ tyranny of democracy . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority ), 
  i would have thought dalmatia was as developed as istria . 
  certainly xenophobic and chauvinistic ones , not aimed at a race in particular but any non native . 
  here 's one : he 's against what he calls `` health tourism '' . 
  just because a person is non native , they are not allowed to come to the uk and use the nhs . 
  he seems to forget bulgaria is a very small country and the rest of the eu exists . 
  this is such an insignificant worry but he jumps on it . 
  the man is a demagogue and a very good one . 
  everything is about the foreigners . 
  still waiting to see some evidence that they would `` flood europe '' . 
  i know what i 'd do if i was them , and that 's try and make it to europe at all cost . 
  jesus this guy is completely deranged !, 
  yeah you can , i think that 's what the finns party does , if wikipedia is correct . 
  it 's quite strange though , usually one sees those as negative but there are parties for everything . 
  social liberalism is explicitly anti-neo liberal though so maybe they 're becoming libertarian more than anything . 
  okay , well clearly this has just spurred into cringeworthy name calling so i will leave it at that , in the mean time i suggest you [ read this over and over . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/330da4/argentina_has_begun_legal_proceedings_against/cqhgtjh ), 
  * the * political spectrum is n't relative to a country . 
  social liberalism is centre/centre-left in any part of the world . 
  your argument thus far has been : you 're stupid . 
  this is hilarious given that you 're wrong . 
  i 'm playing chess with a pidgeon . 
  well social liberalism has centre right fiscal policies but centre left social policies . 
  i looked them up on wikipedia and they 're against equal marriage , that 's a hardcore conservative thing to do !, 
  i feel for you finns , what a shitty bunch of parties !, 
  why are they part of alde then ? 
   refuse to look it up i have provided loads of links , you have n't provided one . 
  now you 're making baseless accusations of racism .
