  once they 're properly housed , the eu will distribute them amongst member states , as they 've already started to do . 
  they ca n't just head north as those countries are n't schengen countries and that would mean breaking the law . 
  in the meantime the eu is supplying help for the greek border control forces in the aegean sea to register and control migrants . 
  believe it or not the eu are n't some evil empire doing everything wrong and eurosceptic redditors are n't foreign policy experts . 
   greece also accepted help from other eu members to reinforce greek guards patrolling the aegean islands . 
   it will receive tents , generators , ambulances , water pumps , and other supplies to help house migrants and refugees . 
  goddamn eu , helping people out and stuff . 
  so which is it ? 
  the evil eu is keeping all the migrants in poor-old greece or is it * shokingly * sharing refugees equally across member countries ? 
  it seems that on this subreddit the eu is `` awful '' no matter what it does . 
  here we go . 
  fite me irl u want sam, 
   flair : ulster how depressingly unsurprising . 
  shame what 's happened to hungary . 
  once a beautiful , rich and progressive country completely skullfucked by history . 
  i think you 've gotten so used to it orban is the expression of a masochistic society . 
  man denmark is [ so screwed ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2015/03/12/why-denmark-should-either-abandon-its-peg-to-the-euro-or-join-the-single-currency/ ) for not having joined the euro . 
  soon you 'll end up spending your entire budget on buying more euros . 
  it 's a common myth spouted by eurosceptics . 
  you 're quite right about that but that does n't mean we have to stop helping greece manage its borders as they and bulgaria are the first safe countries for syrian refugees . 
  i see what you 're trying to say but this is n't a response to any particular news piece , rather a reflection on the overall topic and i 'd be interested in hearing the counterpoints , could you please allow this opinion post ? 
  a schengen border is a border of the schangen area with a non-schengen area . 
  edited for your pedantry . 
  why ? 
  should hopefully shut up the idiots claiming the largest group of migrants are n't syrians . 
  that 's wholly incorrect . 
  they can be any number of persecuted minorities . 
  so what 's your solution ? 
  exactly , which is deplorable . 
  what a fatuous comment . 
  greece has no land schengen border ? 
  please have a look at a map . 
  besides that misses the point , maritime border controls are even harder to enforce , making the need for eu co-operation even greater . 
  borders within schengen defeat its purpose . 
  the point is less bureaucracy , more transparency and bringing down the barriers to intelligence sharing when it comes to common interests . 
   a war that is n't theirs seems to be theirs when there 's arms deals and cheap oil though . 
  convenient to get rid of the kurds too . 
  like i 've said a few times now , if being anti-european means being against closer ties with fellow europeans and the formation of a european cultural entity , then yes . 
  but you wo n't understand that and this will keep going in circles . 
  lithuania can not into french, 
  yes there has apparently : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ho0n-uxbgc, 
  that 's self defeating because a british identity is part of a european one . 
  so no , your example is dishonest , ms. bearder 's is not as i 've explained before . 
  that 's asinine . 
  i do n't know what else i can say if you do n't understand my argument by now . 
  europe is not just a continent and europeans are not just inhabitants of a continent . 
  why do you demonise sex so much ? 
   with prostitution , the seller has non of the power , all of the risks whilst the buyer is usually very safe and in control . 
  only when it 's illegal . 
  that 's precisely my point , if it 's legal the sex worker has far more rights and protection than when it is not . 
   if you purchase sex , you are dehumanising another person that 's absurd . 
   you should n't have to sell your body in order to have an education . 
  that 's not what 's being implied . 
  they do n't * have * to , they just do because they have control of their bodies . 
  there 's nothing wrong with sex , mate , and the only moral actions is to provide a legal framework where people can use their bodies in as safe a way as possible . 
   sex should never be forced . 
  it 's not . 
  this entire rebuttal also misses the point that the crucial matter is harm reduction and in that sense it is perfectly analogous to recreational drug use . 
  that 's a false analogy . 
  you 're using the same argument that people that try and justify rape use , think about that . 
  take as long as you need . 
  bombing syria has worked out just fine , especially for the would be victims of isis that are still alive . 
  just a shame we did n't get to them before they buried all those women and children alive . 
  sure , and it does n't imply that they have prejudice towards other europeans . 
  what i 'm saying is if we define `` european '' as someone wanting europe to be an entity , as culturally definite as possible , then that necessarily implies that s/he will be in favour of the eu . 
  therefore it is justified to say those that are opposed to the concept of the eu , are opposed to a european identity , entity and closer co-operation ( not just economic ) and it necessarily correct to label them `` anti-european '' . 
  the issue is that no matter how much you legislate it will always end up happening , it 's not an issue of having something happen and not , rather , it 's a choice between having a legal , transparent , industry or a crime-fuelled black market . 
  just like with recreational drug use , the focus should be on harm reduction as anything else is pointless . 
  you know a significant minority of female students in the uk already sell their bodies to pay for tuition ? 
  why should their only option be to turn to crime ? 
  ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/gish_gallop ), 
  like charlie hebdo brought the terrorist attacks on themselves ? 
  enough with the victim blaming . 
  europe and nato must stand up and fight evil in a calculated manner . 
  well said . 
  that 's why i find it incomprehensible that tsiparas rejects eu support for border controls . 
  if anything it 's irresponsible and he should n't have the choice as it affects everyone in the eu , not just the small greek population . 
  that 's absolutely asinine . 
  those that are proactive ( like alde members ) work like madmen , i 'd agree with that statement if it was about ukip meps , who do sweet fuck all but have the nerve to claim wages . 
  in the sense that they are against further european integration , like i just said , yes . 
  that 's tautological . 
  russian and turkish governments fucking things up for europeans as usual . 
  so what are you saying ? 
  keep them in germany , i do n't want anything to do with them ? 
  these are really good questions , shame she did n't answer them . 
  i can answer one for you though . 
   are you in favor of federalization ? 
  alde and the ld 's are fervent advocates of federalisation , so i would think it safe to assume she is too . 
   whilst also criminalising the purchase of sex i will never understand this . 
  it will always happen and i do n't see anything immoral about it . 
   i believe people will judge me on my record and the work i have done really ? 
  do n't you think that 's a bit na\u00efve ? 
  i identify as a liberal too but i think people in the uk ( or in most countries , really ) wo n't vote based on your track record , rather on what the media says about your party , i.e. 
  `` tuition fees '' and nothing else . 
  most people in the uk do n't even know what meps do . 
  i would argue they are , they 're against further european interconnection , not necessarily against europeans as people . 
  taking in refugees . 
  i agree we should be bombing isis too . 
  you ca n't possibly say turkey is doing enough though , the turkish government has been caught supplying isis , denied the us from using its bases , being entirely inactive in the whole conflict despite isis having turkish hostages , etc. 
  appalling from what is meant to be a local `` moderator '' with a big armed force .
