  this reduces inflation as wages decrease ( cost of things goes down ) which is necessary in the uk as the pound is already very strong . 
  this is why richer countries like the uk and germany require poorer countries in the eu ( like my own ) so that goods can be manufactured at a cheaper cost . 
  it is also why they need a certain level of immigration by low skilled workers to put a downward pressure on inflation . 
  otherwise inflation would spiral out of control and the countries would be too expensive to live in which is what happened in ireland . 
  however , people object to this as they see their wages decrease so their gut reaction is that it is negative . 
  the truth is that with increased integration and a reasonable intake of immigration this deflation is perfectly ok and actually beneficial as these people pay taxes to support the social state ( which helps the poor that are the main critics of immigration ) which in turn facilitates and creates employment and thus limiting unhealthy deflation . 
   blanket laws imposed on 500 million people by rich men in brussels ? 
  no thanks . 
  eu laws have done more good than bad and are democratically elected . 
  i think your problem might be more directed at who can have a say in them which currently is down to the commission . 
  however , the treaty of lisbon changed this already and even the commission itself wants to give more power to the parliament , which is the logical thing to do . 
  i understand in scandinavia the approach to the eu is one of co-operation more than federalisation , however , if we want a complete and democratic say in what affects us directly in economic , social and political terms we do in fact need more integration so i do n't understand their/your position . 
  also , you can not have open borders without some form of union which is in this case , the european one . 
  the average joe does n't understand primary and secondary legislation much less the weighting of its relative importance . 
  according to the house of commons it is 6.8 % of primary legislation . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( www.parliament.uk/briefing-papers/rp10-62.pdf\u200e ), 
  that 's why those people need to integrate more , that 's not the fault of immigration , it 's the lack of integration . 
  essentially you 're saying we need foreigners so that inflation does n't skyrocket but social services and integration needs to be well carried out . 
  it 'll also create demand , therefore jobs and tax income which among other things will save the nhs . 
  the current influx of poors is n't so big as to actually decrease pay . 
  i guess everyone has an opinion . 
  incorrect , they are simply one of many minority stakeholders , they retain full content control . 
  shane smith , vice 's ceo did a ama a while back and answered that [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/210eur/im_vice_founder_shane_smith_and_the_things_i_saw/ ), 
  what in the fuck have they led you to believe ? 
  thanks . 
  off topic : are you dyslexic ? 
  obviously !, 
  obviously the record breaking amount of immigrants going to the uk is horrible and must be stopped too , as it * clearly * affects economic performance . 
  * give us a legally valid and democratic form of manifesting our opinion or we 'll kill them !, 
  i see , why do n't they cut ni in half then ? 
  afaik , ni has a catholic nationalist majority and the uk maintains it will respect whatever democratic decision is made . 
  i do n't think the republic actually wants it by now though . 
  good . 
  hopefully soon the last few muppets that still care about ni will realise how pointless it is to fight over it . 
  because the stereotype of ignorance belongs to americans . 
   annulled the first judgment for lack of reasoning . 
  since when is this an issue in portugal ? 
  why do you guys fuel your own stereotype so much ? 
  pretty sure number 19 are not gypsies , just eastern europeans . 
  well if that seems legitimate to you i fear for those subject to your decision making . 
  our climate and thus food . 
  27.4 where i saw the data , making him correct and shows farage 's dogmatic fearmongering . 
  in addition he fails to acknowledge how those people pay taxes and without them , as clegg pointed out , social security and thus the economy would collapse . 
   6.8 % of primary legislation and 14.1 % of secondary legislation had a role in implementing eu obligations . 
  source : [ house of commons ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/business/publications/research/briefing-papers/rp10-62/how-much-legislation-comes-from-europe ) seems like you too were wrong . 
  yeah , dogma sucks . 
  the 32 million romanians and bulgarians and the 70 % + of legislation incidents come to mind ( actually 7 % lol ) . 
  after farage said it was `` his estimates '' he lost all credibility for me and clegg exposed him . 
  debates are considered to win over an audience if a vote is done before and after the debate in the live audience . 
  post-debate votes are statistically useless , they could just all be ukip supporters for example . 
  what a sad man . 
  he got completely plastered by clegg in the debate although he is the more charismatic speaker . 
  his dogma is so powerful he would rather back putin 's brutality than the eu . 
  [ this about sums it up . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx1qdgkevug ), 
   a `` very nice guy , just wrong '' . 
  he 's got some cheek saying that after the debate , i lost count of the amount of times clegg had to correct his `` facts '' and `` statistics '' . 
   francesinha that 's one dish , our diet is indeed [ very healthy ] ( http://www.patient.co.uk/health/health-benefits-of-the-mediterranean-diet ) . 
  come use our labour , we 're about half the price of spain but not quite as cheap as eastern europe yet we 're fucking miles out the way !, 
  yay austerity, 
   intolerant people full of hate . 
  i 've been called many things but never that !, 
  lulz, 
  yeah , portugal , brazil and the algarves . 
  because fuck angola , mozambique , goa , macau , etc. 
  edit : the capital was rio for a bit , making it the only capital of a european nation outside europe , i think ever . 
  i agree with you but definitely not with what houad said . 
  an opportunity was given to them , it is the host nation 's duty to ensure positive freedom like you say but it is also the immigrants duty to conform and construct their life without resorting to crime , etc. 
  if they can not do something as simple as this , then they can not expect to remain in the country . 
  i think we 've found a solution !, 
  i think we can agree that there 's nothing you can do about idiots born in your own country other than putting them in jail . 
  these `` jihadists '' are n't european , in the sense that they want the current european state of life to be eliminated and replaced with shariah . 
  as for banning things left and right :  unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
  -- in this formulation , i do not imply , for instance , that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies ; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion , suppression would certainly be unwise . 
  but we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force ; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument , but begin by denouncing all argument ; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument , because it is deceptive , and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols . 
  we should therefore claim , in the name of tolerance , the right not to tolerate the intolerant . 
  we should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law , and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal , in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder , or to kidnapping , or to the revival of the slave trade , as criminal . 
  - karl popper by european values , i 'm sure kimi712 meant secularism , freedom of thought , etc. , the values of the enlightenment , and i also think we all understood that , it 's pedantic to say that there is more than one opinion in europe in this case . 
  even other muslims . 
  and christians . 
  the approval rate of ukip is frightingly high . 
  the whole `` the eu is anti democratic '' goes a long way in convincing the average englishman that britannia will `` rule '' once again . 
  it 's very sad . 
   the anti serbia sentiment is absurd ask a bosnian that . 
  about fucking time . 
  the good old days if you ask me !, 
  we ca n't even be first in * this * . . 
  the eu , along with the g8 has condemned russia 's actions , what else do you want ? 
  just like any army anywhere . 
  then you 're fucked . 
  lads, 
  does n't make much sense to pay other people 's debts though . 
  atleast that 's their rhetoric . 
  the country matures , and either joins the euro or unpegs the currency . 
  where did you find those two edits ? 
  they 're hilarious , wish i had a poster of one of them . 
  wow . .
