  i think all of their wealth was reinstated to their charity including a good few estates but all the main ones were taken over by the government . 
  in general duarte pio de bragan\u00e7a is seen as a weak pretender to the throne and the monarchy is n't terribly popular but there are n't any referendums so it 's difficult to know exactly . 
  i think most people just would n't know but because of how corrupt our politics are i would n't put it past the people to be in favour of a monarchy . 
   i can only see the euro as the difference . 
  guterres came on and got re-elected and completely destroyed what cavaco had managed to create so this showed a few years later . 
  barroso did n't fix it properly and portugal 's economic performance only slumped more in the consequent socialist governments . 
  in addition , all of our eu money got completely misspent so that shows our initial growth ( injection of capital into the country ) and consequent recession ( unsustainable and corrupt investments became costly ) . 
  i think we were on the limit to join the euro and i 'm glad we did but it does mean everything will be more expensive . 
  if everything had gone according to plan and out politicans and economists had actually thought about someone other than their group of friends we could have been quite well off at this point . 
  we 've had almost 20 years now of stagnation . 
  20 years that should have taken us from being a cheap labour economy to a knowledge-based one . 
  we 're a small country , it should be very easy for us to create wealth and we have great potential to but our grasp of economics and politics is very poor and because of that we 're back to square 1 . 
  [ here 's a good book ] ( http://www.gradiva.pt/?q=c/booksshow/7364 ) about the corruption scandals in portugal and just how much they 've affected us . 
  really ? 
  it 's quite apparent . 
  compare cascais and torre , quinta da marinha which attracts the most wealth per capita in the entire country is a couple roads away from what is essentially a ghetto . 
  we have extremely concentrated wealth . 
  and that division is n't necessarily true , \u00c9vora is richer than most of the southern coast , that is only the case in the northern coast but even then porto is one of the poorest counties in the country . 
  also , our politics and society are based on nepotism . 
  if you know people you 're set for life in portugal but if you do n't it 's infinitely more difficult . 
  edit : [ this is a good book ] ( http://www.gradiva.pt/?q=c/booksshow/7364 ) on the corruption level in portugal , it 's absolutely astounding . 
  yes they live in sintra . 
  all doing fine , prince afonso recently had his 18th birthday . 
  they were exiled to brazil after the coup but came back shortly after . 
  the two branches ( liberal and absolutist ) united and became liberal . 
  it 's not , and it exerts no political duties so it does n't even matter if it is as there are minimal consequences . 
  i think you mean the ex-husband of the infanta was an asshole . 
   they said `` why bother voting , when all is decided by germany ? '', 
  ah yes scapegoating , the solution to all our problems . 
  italy is divided north to south , portugal is shit and germany has a east west divide , it 's normal . 
  all the other countries are fine . 
  i 'm not spanish but i 'm a monarchist too . 
  look at what happened to our republic , corrupt as fuck . 
  do n't go down that hole . 
  are you oblivious to the fact that it was the financial sector that * caused * the crisis ? 
  northern rock , london whale , libor , etc. 
  i 'm not against the financial sector at all , it needs to exist , but it creates an extremely polarised society , as is the case with london . 
  london is attracting so much concentrated wealth that house prices are increasing to the point where londoners would have to earn [ # 100,000 more a year just to keep up with them . 
  ] ( http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/mortgageshome/article-2556594/shelter-average-earners-need-double-salary-track-rising-house-prices.html )  ( look at what happened to european manufacturing as a result of globalisation , i.e. 
  china , india , vietnam etc. ) . 
  more money ? 
  i do n't know , germany is doing much better than the uk , they never had a crisis in the first place . 
   it being labour that led the uk into 2007 . 
  it was a worldwide financial collapse , gordon brown actually dealt with it quite well which is one of the few things labour did well imo . 
   a lot of the eu does n't want a federation . 
  just one of the reasons eurosceptics did so well in this election . 
  it 's not `` a lot of the eu '' whatever that means , `` eurosceptics '' are still a small minority in the ep thankfully . 
  either way , the goal of the eu is to become a federation and all states know this . 
   you think its only the uk in this ? 
  the very article we are commenting on has sweden and hungary also supporting cameron . 
  the article makes no mention of hungary , sweden or the netherlands . 
  besides , hungary is currently governed by anti-semite fascists and the quotation you gave on the netherlands was by a politician that is not in power and is [ pro-federalist ] ( http://www.social-europe.eu/2014/04/gobbledygook-federalism-contra-nation-state/ ) , he was just saying certain things need to be kept at the level of the state which is obvious . 
  as for the scandinavians , they just want the rest of europe to catch up before becoming a federation . 
  so finally , the uk is infamous for keeping the eu from advancing [ purely on its own ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16104275 ) which is quite annoying and frankly if they want to leave just do it , i have no problem with that . 
  join the eea like norway and swtizerland oh wait they ca n't do that either , i do n't know go make another empire , it 's what it sounds like they want . 
  [ it 's easier to go with the facts . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etokxcewo_8 ), 
  labour are so authoritarian and ideologically driven it 's scary . 
  london is a pretty amazing liberal city with more of a european identity than the rest of blighty . 
  the money comes second , london is a bit of a sociological problem because of its extreme inequality ( see gdp per capita of westminster compared to lambeth for example ) and its not like relying on finance is a sustainable economic model anyway . 
  france is different , support for the eu is high there , people voted fn because they 're annoyed at the mainstream parties believe it or not . 
  to be honest it 's kind of understandable since their centre right and centre left parties are a bit of a joke . 
  france has also been very compliant and supportive of the eu , unlike the uk ( e.g. 
  banking regulations , euro , chengen , etc. ), 
  the uk is just a constant pain in the eu 's proverbial ass . 
  they clearly do n't want a federation or even a union so honestly if they 're not going to go for it like everyone else just leave , no offence taken , if they do n't want it , they do n't want it but just stop lagging everyone else . 
  out of ukip tories and labour , labour are the only non eurosceptics but they 're no federalists like the lib dems are . 
  yep , they explained it well in tpb afk . 
  27.5 % and 29.2 % of the vote rescpectively for the eu elections , can hardly say they did n't get support there . 
   imf calls on spain to raise vat and lower corporate taxes . 
  haha it 's a trap !, 
  dear uk ( except london , wales and scotland ) : kindly remove yourselves from our union , you will not be missed . 
  that way we can become a federation and achieve a banking union faster . 
  i just want them to exit so they can shut up about it . 
  i 'm a fan of the liberal democrats in the uk but other than that their politics are a mess and they just got destroyed in the most recent election . 
  their `` centre-right '' party is n't a member of epp because it 's so eurosceptic and right wing , and labour are probably more authoritarian than lennin . 
  sweden bending over to the us as per usual . 
  yeah i know innovation is their forte but still it 's a massively polarised country . 
  it has the best in the world in a lot of things but it seems difficult to break the cycle of poverty there . 
  yeah but it 's just a friendly , i would n't be surprised or disappointed if we lost . 
  thanks man , i hope you get pummelled . 
  do n't judge a book by its cover . 
  well considering that their gini index , albeit unreliable on its own , [ is one of the worst in the oecd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality#oecd_countries ) , i think europe is doing just fine . 
  for the following reasons : [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gross_domestic_product#limitations_and_criticisms ), 
   looks like the euro , the eu , or both , are n't working for us ... what ? 
  have you not lived in portugal for the last 20 years ? 
  we have gross supply-side inefficiencies throughout our entire economy , the most corrupt society in western europe and a gini index similar to the us 's ( hint : worst in the oecd ) . 
  our recession had fuck all to do with the eu , they actually saved us , despite demanding horrible austerity . 
  of course we 've gotten a lot poorer , did you expect anything different when the economic priority became to reduce debt ? 
  you can thank the last 15 years of corrupt socialist governments and the occasional inefficient social-democrat ones too . 
  we received so much money from the eu and managed to misspend it so fantastically that it 's almost criminal to blame them for anything . 
  holy shit i just realised the implications of belgium playing russia !, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  but , but , immigrants are bad !, 
  what !? 
  really ?? 
  i always thought of the dutch model as something near perfection . 
  you get payed to go to university there , i thought ? 
  that argument is a slippery slope .
