  like any people , it would be a complete fallacy to assume generalised actions purely due to nationality/ethnicity . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong but why are respected scientists [ claiming it will destroy the reef ? 
  ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/coal-development-threatens-great-barrier-reef/ ), 
  nuclear , australia is one of the world 's top producers of uranium . 
  i 'd assume thorium too . 
  is that a good film ? 
  i get the same results pretty much and that does n't consider meps and ep alliances but still worth doing !, 
  none are good . 
  feels so good to be called a pig . 
  so no because we said no . 
  well we needed our finances fixed but not choked . 
  and yes the situation was and is so different to greece 's and ireland 's that austerity could n't be the sole cure . 
  we 'll see how things go from june onwards . 
  indeed . 
  makes no sense . 
  i think you 're confusing cause with factors . 
  there are many factors that cause a single effect , in this case the crisis . 
  we would n't have had a crisis if people payed their taxes in portugal . 
  they really do n't mind outright lying . 
  it 's actually below 7 % . 
  insane . 
  it 's not my place to approve or disapprove of drug intake , what someone feels they should do with their life is down to them and their loved ones , as long as it does n't have negative collaterals . 
  essentially i agree with every point of the report . 
   being in the eu 's large trading block does n't help greece , italy , portugal and spain much , does it ? 
  if it were n't for it , our economies virtually would n't exist . 
  do n't compare italy to the rest though , they 'd be rich anyway . 
  russia is now in recession due to eu and us embargoes . 
  also those other countries are rich and have free trade agreements with their nearest neighbours , not with the rest of the world . 
  for example in new zealand getting anything from europe or america is a nightmare and super expensive . 
  if you 'd like to be in the situation of switzerland or norway where you 're at the mercy of eu legislation without having any power to change them be my guest but that sounds very counter-intuitive . 
  yeah tabloids and populist parties are scarily big in the uk, 
  i suggest you look up the advantages that large trading blocs have over single , small nations in negotiating free trade agreements . 
  the basic point is [ this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economies_of_scale ) if the uk leaves the eu , most uk businesses will suffer majorly . 
  probably , yeah . 
  seeing as 80 % of the internet is in english , it helps . 
  if you use the following definition of hypocrisy :  a pretense of having a virtuous character , moral or religious beliefs or principles , etc. , that one does not really possess . 
  i 'd say it 's definitely hypocrisy . 
  being against animal cruelty but actually allowing it is hypocritical . 
  you mean iceland the country that wants to join the eu ? 
  all the other countries do n't even come close to having the same benefits as the eu does in its fta 's . 
  you are much better off negotiating ftas as being part of a larger block , this is basic economics . 
  you have a democratic say in it as well , more than you would if it were just the uk because of the european parliament . 
  glad you enjoy it . 
  i have a couple swedish friends that are pretty outgoing themselves too . 
  good luck trying to do that on your own . 
  enabling animal torture pisses me off and it might be true , but the fact that the dailymail posted it makes it a lie . 
  it 's not that bad in western europe . 
  we definitely have the highest standards in the world . 
  shows the hypocrisy of the eu/uk/ireland in banning animal torture but allowing and promoting halal/kosher food . 
  i do n't think 48k justify even 1 but i might be wrong . 
  as it should be everywhere . 
  so does every country but maybe ours are even less well educated than others . 
  indeed , i just read the [ wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montenegro_and_the_euro ) , they do n't even have their own mint . 
  how did they get hold of so many euros ? 
  traded them for deutsche marks undercover in germany ? 
  must be because of that weird region of theirs . 
  just write in spanish but put in some k 's x 's and t 's . 
  chabola is txabola , calle is kalea . 
  holy shit what was that i understood maybe a few words . 
  qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois and tahitian are quite different . 
  sad truth , once scotland joins in the far future , the uk will be screwed . 
  i never wanted it to be this way . 
  i also never thought england to be a country fooled by nationalism and isolationist policies . 
  hear hear , well put . 
  florentine , correct ? 
  that 's really cool and may i just say trieste and istria are beautiful , beautiful places . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  what !? 
  i can go to montenegro and pay in euros ? 
   and it 's poorer than many countries in africa . 
  holy fuck really ? 
  i disagree , i just think we 're more sociable as a society . 
  it 's not better or worse , though . 
  that 's the only reason i see for us having such a low percentage if the study is accurate . 
  seriously makes no sense . 
  from my experience we have one of the best european networks/plans and a population that speaks a decent amount of languages , especially english . 
  unlike spain , italy or france . 
  oh i thought he meant that as the global percentage . 
  other comment says enzo is only 3 % of newborns so why is n't mo on there ? 
  hey guys i drive a prius , live in frisco and my name is laurent . 
  could it be because they 're an island their identity is slightly different ? 
  i once bought the devil 's lettuce at a bar there , it 's so chill . 
  this is the exact same in portugal . 
  very friendly , good beer and hot women !, 
   good quality english ale . 
  your life will change forever . 
  i do n't know is it ? 
  would n't surprise me ( austria-hungary ), 
  it 's definitely not `` backwards '' economically or socially in many aspects but afaik a majority of people are conservative and a smaller part are devoutly catholic . 
  they 're an extreme bavaria . 
  that 's quite sad about your grandpa but i 've heard things in the similar vein from older people , too . 
  ignorance . 
  ca n't say that for anywhere i 've been . 
  austria is the only country i could think of where it 's socially acceptable to be socially and politically very conservative . 
  he 's been freed . 
   except for gypsy hate i do n't think there 's a single issue eu citizens can agree on . 
  like any large country . 
  i 'd say we 're all social liberalists excluding austria , but really no 2 people agree on everything , multiply that by 500 million and most people do n't agree on everything . 
   she would find a fellow pole to do it , always at a lower price than an english workman would offer .
