    but as the brakes come off world trade , the biggest beneficiaries will be members of the biggest trading blocs . 
  those outside these groups risk missing out on the biggest benefits of multilateralism and trying to join after the event risks less favourable terms . 
  we could try to negotiate our own bilateral agreements but given our market of 60m people we 're unlikely to win such attractive terms as a market such as the eu 's 500m . 
  it 's true the likes of switzerland do it but i do n't believe we should be aspiring to be switzerland -- no offence to the swiss . 
    all of this is not way off in the distant future either , but just around the corner . 
  the us and the eu are moving towards a historic free trade deal . 
  the world would feel a very lonely place if we were n't part of that or able to leverage a position in europe to take proper advantage of a single market in services . 
  the massive trans-pacific partnership will be another huge bloc the eu will deal with at an advantage to an isolated uk . 
  we need membership of the eu and its single market and there is a political price to pay for that . 
  we 're in a strong position to negotiate that price , but negotiate we must . 
  i 'd even say that without being part of the single market your imports would drop massively as your currency would take a massive hit . 
   though the only place in england with a majority for leaving the eu is the ` rest of the south of england ' . 
  did you not read the poll data i linked to ? 
  irrelevant . 
   you 've changed what you 're moaning about many times now . 
  great tone and i have n't changed once . 
  the uk does n't want to give more money to the eu and i 've demonstrated this with various sources . 
  the political rhetoric is that the uk gives too much and receives too little . 
  why is this ? 
  because according to them the eu gains more from the uk than the uk does from the eu . 
  why ? 
  because there are poor countries . 
  therefore , by transitivity , the uk does n't want to give money to the eu because of the poor countries . 
  there would n't be a need for the uk to give a significant amount of money to the eu without them , really . 
  this is a futile exercise though as you 're not willing to admit that the uk is at fault here . 
  it 's ok the rest of us are used to it . 
   hah so you 're discounting the english places which happen to be pro-eu . 
  london is very different to the rest of england as you probably know . 
  even then it 's at 50 % which although much higher than average in england , is much lower than scotland . 
   no your original point was the uk complaining about giving money to poor countries . 
  cameron wanted to reduce the budget not , '' uk do n't want to contribute to the european project . '', 
  as you 're saying . 
  nope , i was giving an example of the rhetoric used which is based on fear , chauvinism , nationalism , etc. 
  where the `` poor countries '' are victimised and the uk government would rather not give money to brussels so that point stands . 
   you also seemed to have decided to skip over where i said scotland want to see an end to freedom of movement . 
  no i did n't clearly you did n't read the article ( again ) . 
   but you say it as though the uk 's the only hurdle preventing it . 
  i wonder how many members will have to leave before your federalisation is realised . 
  of course it 's not , i never said that . 
  but if the uk does n't want it then we will just have to move on without you . 
   currently has 41 % support across the entire eu i know , it was in the article i referenced ( clearly you did n't bother to read it ) : the second , and more important question , is whether the eu should develop into a federation of nation states . 
  here , only 41 percent are in favor , but , again , those against are even fewer , at 34 percent . 
  a whopping 25 percent just do not know . 
   as is the majority of england . 
  again , no . 
  england might want to stay in the eu but you do n't want further integration , you just voted the tories in for crying out loud and most tory voters according to your graph are against the eu . 
  also , look at the difference between scotland ( 59 % pro ) and england ( 38-43 % ) discounting london . 
   http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21372081[3]  and he 's complaining about the budget . 
  you specifically said the uk was moaning about giving money to poor countries `` we have to give to poor countries , the scandal '' which is something completely different and not supported by the article you linked at all . 
  what ? 
  i literally just showed an article stating that cameron does n't want to give money to brussels . 
  that was my point all along : the uk do n't want to contribute to the european project . 
   these are n't ` england 's ' demands so lets drop the silly distinction , eh ? 
  it 's the ** uk ** . 
   last time i checked scotland wanted an eu referendum and wanted to end the eu 's freedom of movement . 
  i do n't know if you saw the last election but the conservatives got 1 seat in scotland . 
  as i 've just said scotland is massively more pro eu than england . 
  wanting a referendum has got nothing to do with it . 
  [ scotland is a pro-european nation that rejects david cameron 's referendum on wresting back powers from the eu , nicola sturgeon has told an audience in brussels . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scotland/9896827/scotland-loves-europe-more-than-england-nicola-sturgeon-tells-brussels.html ) so yeah , little england , not great britain . 
  i highly doubt that given their debt situation . 
  france would crumble if greece left . 
   i forget the uk 's the only thing standing in front of eu federalisation utopia . 
  i never said that but the fact of the matter is that within the eurozone , people want federalisation and the uk is where people want it the least . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/europe-union-brexit-eurobarometer/  also find it funny how you 're making the distinction between england and the uk . 
  why ? 
  scotland is pro eu . 
   you 'd have to find me a source on the uk gov. 
  complaining about it . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21372081  you say this after wanting to kick the uk out of the eu . 
  i 'll repeat : it would be a better eu with britain in it but i 'd rather have an eu without england than a worse version of an eu because we had to cater to england 's demands . 
  `` cluster fuck '' is a really sound argument . 
   since when has nationalism , the feeling of attachment to your country , been a fallacy ?? 
  you did n't choose the country you were born in . 
  so saying you 're proud to be british or whatever country you happened to be born in specifically , is absurd , because you did n't choose it . 
  countries are social constructs , not ontologically real things . 
  cultural heritage is not the same thing as national identity . 
  http://www.acgrayling.com/the-last-word-on-nationalism  from mainland europe here lies the key . 
  europe is not just the mainland . 
  i find them absurd because they 're irrational . 
  they 're based on emotional appeals such as chauvinism and xenophobia . 
  why should i stop sharing this ? 
  i do n't mean tiring in the literal sense obviously , it 's simply a very transparent populist rhetoric that keeps being repeated like a cassette . 
  i stand by what i said , if the uk is not willing to co operate then we 're better off without you so we can move on to become a federation . 
  it would be a better eu with britain in it but i 'd rather have an eu without england than a worse version of an eu because we had to cater to england 's demands . 
   the uk 's one of the highest in terms of foreign aid/gdp . 
  i do n't see where european policies have to come into it . 
  it 's nothing to do with it . 
  the uk , just like every country in europe , contributes to the european budget . 
  however , they 're the only ones that seem to complain about it ( i think finland might be the only other one ) . 
  portugal had to bail out greece too , in the middle of a financial crisis of our own , because it is the morally correct thing to do . 
  this seems to escape the english political rhetoric . 
  we are all europeans and need to look after each other to improve our local nations in the long run . 
  by keeping consumption high and welfare high everywhere , we all benefit both materialistically and morally . 
  chauvinism , nationalism and other such fallacies . 
  full of appeals to emotion , too . 
  you know , the usual populist appeals to hopes and fears . 
  `` immigration is bad '' , `` look at them taking away our sovereignty '' , `` think of the children '' , `` johnny foreigner is n't having a say in our glorious british affairs '' , `` we have to give to poor countries , the scandal '' . 
  it 's getting really tiring hearing the same bullshit over and over again coming from england . 
  there must be an inferiority complex or something of the sort justifying it .
