   they 're neoliberal and against workers rights , they want to raise the food , electricy and basic supplies vat contradiction . 
   they try to support pp when possible just last night they said they 're open to negotiating with right and left . 
   they support `` entrepeneur '' culture which has been a continued failure wut . 
   being nationalist is considered a right wing policy no it 's not . 
  i 'm sorry but your arguments here are n't very good , maybe there are other reasons ciudadanos are n't as liberal as they say they are but these are not it . 
  i do n't know if what you say is true . 
  a quick google churned this up . 
  no , pp does n't and they 're the biggest party . 
  what about their economic policies makes them right wing ? 
  they support a social state right ? 
  liberals are usually centre to centre-left as a social state is a requirement for one of their core tenants , equality . 
  being nationalist is n't a right wing policy , psoe is also nationalist . 
  good to know , i hope there 's more to it than that . 
  dc are centre-right and reagrupament are centre-left . 
  that does n't mean their vote matters any less , only that there 's an agreement between those two parties . 
  if they do n't like them they can vote for someone else . 
  got a credible source for that ? 
  what 's their stance on embryonic stem cells , eu integration , gay adoption , voting reform and austerity ? 
  if they 're able to work together , yes . 
  two extremes would n't , but centre-left and centre-right are n't that far from each other . 
  it worked in germany . 
  no i 'm not . 
   democracy and freedom ( catalan : democr\u00e0cia i llibertat ) is an electoral alliance in catalonia formed to contest the 2015 spanish general election . 
  the alliance announced its official name on 6 november 2015 and is supported by democratic convergence of catalonia ( cdc ) , democrats of catalonia ( dc ) and reagrupament . 
  [ 1 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_and_freedom and cdc is n't centre right like pp , they 're much more to the centre as they 're classical liberals . 
  they 're socially progressive for example . 
  indeed maybe that would be better , thanks . 
  what you on about it would be the one with the biggest democratic support . 
  nope , he made sure all the proposals were legitimate before hurrying off any party into power . 
  ps took ages to create a legit proposal . 
  just joking , spain is n't as progressive as germany . 
  c 's can choose who to ally with and if they create a coalition with pp , since psoe do n't have enough votes , they 'll have a plural majority to pass the national budget , which is all that is necessary , since pnv and dip at least will support them . 
  he was referring to moderates , literally the sentence before he said it was more difficult with extremes . 
  woah woah hold on there , portugal 's president allowed the left wing government , he just demanded a stable solution . 
   right-wing dude rivera c 's are centre , what do you mean by this ? 
  fptp is different . 
  how 's that democracy thing going ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
   dil is centre-right dil is a coalition between centre-right , centre and centre-left parties . 
   it 's hard to read data sometimes if you do n't know the whole picture . 
  it 's not data , it 's a simple argument . 
   i believe it 'd be easy to find studies with opposite results as well . 
  these are n't individual studies , they 're the national academies of * every * country . 
   regardless of all this - there is n't a need for anyone ( regardless of their sexual orientation ) to adopt a child . 
  if there is any possible argument against it - even so much less . 
  i do n't understand . 
   it 's a valid point and sounds logical . 
  it 's not a valid point , it 's a [ fallacy of division . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fallacy_of_division )  i think adoption should be strictly case-to-case based . 
  exactly , not with sweeping generalisations regarding sexual orientation , race , religion , etc. 
  this is basic . 
   prefer to use logic instead of pre-defined terms . 
  wut , logic is based on axioms . 
  also , you realise logic is a branch philosophy . 
  since you prefer science , here 's what the relevant scientists say on the matter : [ source 1 ] ( http://www.apa.org/pi/lgbt/resources/parenting-full.pdf ) page 12 - american psychological association  results of research to date suggest that children of lesb ian and g a y parents have p ositive relationships with peers and that their relationships with adults of b oth se x es are also satisfactory . 
  the picture of les - bian mothers ' children that emerges is one of gener - al engagement in social life with peers , with fathers , with grandparents , and with mothers ' adult friends -- both male and female , both heterosexual and homosexual . 
  fears about children of lesbians and gay men being sexually abused by adults , ostra - ciz ed by peers , or isolated in single-sex lesbian or gay communities have received no support from the results of existing research . 
  [ source 2 ] ( http://wayback.archive.org/web/20090823142855/http://archive.psych.org/edu/other_res/lib_archives/archives/200214.pdf ) - american psychiatric association  the american psychiatric association supports initiatives which allow same-sex couples to adopt and co-parent children and supports all the associated legal rights , benefits , and responsibilities which arise from such initiatives . 
  [ source 3 ] ( http://www.ama-assn.org/ama/pub/about-ama/our-people/member-groups-sections/glbt-advisory-committee/ama-policy-regarding-sexual-orientation.page ) - american medical association  our ama will support legislative and other efforts to allow the adoption of a child by the same-sex partner , or opposite sex non-married partner , who functions as a second parent or co-parent to that child . 
  that was from a quick google , literally every science academy and respectable scientific association from any developed country argues in favour of adoption by same-sex couples . 
  you make it seem like he did n't just try to justify prejudice and discrimination towards someone 's sexual orientation based on a dodgy website claiming that homosexual couples have a higher incidence of abuse from their partners . 
  i 'm sure black couples have higher rates of domestic abuse too , does that mean they should all be prevented from adopting ? 
  grow a brain cell or two . 
   raging hordes of liberalists first of all , it 's ` liberal ' , second of all , you 're using the american usage of the term , which means left-wing . 
  in the rest of the world it means the philosophy that favours individual freedom and equality ( liberal comes from the latin * liber * , which means * free * ) . 
  that never should have been permitted though . 
  that 's like allowing a referendum over killing person a because enough people gathered support around it . 
  just because enough people want it , does n't mean it is correct , that 's a classic bandwagon fallacy . 
  sometimes i wonder if politicians have brains or just bone between their ears . 
  i 'm assuming most people are still homophobic as they did n't show up to stand up for this ? 
  ` liberal ' in the usa ( and only in the usa ) , means left wing . 
  you probably mean neo-liberal which is the old economic doctrine , not a political ideology , which is what we 're talking about here . 
   conservative and pro liberal policies bit of an oxymoron there , fella . 
  [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_and_freedom ), 
   democr\u00e0cia i llibertat ( democracy and freedom , in catalan ) : conservative catalan nationalists . 
  why do people keep saying this ? 
  dil are a coalition between centre-right , centre and centre-left catalan independentists , its major party cdc , is centrist . 
  did n't think slovenia would be a homophobic place . 
  pretty sad . 
  rights of minorities should never be voted on by a majority , you should have done it like us and just passed it into law . 
  i hope you 're a troll , if not , you 're a failure of evolution . 
   union , progress and democracy ( ideology : ** centre ** , spanish nationalism ) . 
  ftfy, 
   his suggestions are either too moderate that says enough about you then . 
  marinho e pinto is whatever gets him votes . 
  he 's part of alde yet is staunchly against gay marriage , something alde very much endorses as a consequence of its * core * belief of individual freedom . 
  that man is a snake oil selling , walking contradiction . 
  we went bankrupt like 5 times in the 19th century , people died of starvation and disease like flies . 
  we were essentially a third world country . 
  i mean the standard definition ; marxists that want socialism as an end goal . 
  moderates would be proponents of social liberal democracies . 
  it means they 're liberals and believe in the tenants of liberalism ; freedom of the individual , justice and equality for all , alde has anything from conservative liberals ( fdp for example ) to social liberals ( d66 for example ) . 
  i see . 
  i did n't know podemos were fighting for the moderate vote , i thought they were quite radical left wingers ? 
  ah , i hope they 're social liberal . 
  they 're part of alde after all and i 'd still take conservative liberals over authoritarian/christian conservatives . 
  ah ok , was she bad ? 
  it already is . 
  lisbon is `` the new berlin '' : very cultural/artistic city , cheap startup hotspot . 
  one problem that portugal has is that everything is concentrated in lisbon and the rest of the country lags behind in most things .
