  i think it stems from thinking of `` europe '' as a separate place . 
  might actually be pretty accurate . 
  well i do n't agree with doing `` charity '' with ulterior motives . 
  i also disagree with the demonisation of sex , stem cell research ban , anti euthansia and anti equal rights stances that c&l or opus dei have . 
  but yeah , i hope that the catholics i meet are more like you and less traditionalist . 
  i have no problem with that . 
  yeah , needs to stop imo . 
  the anti european rhetoric in england is ridiculous and based on emotional `` arguments '' . 
  yeah down in the lisbon area . 
  do n't get me wrong most people my age i know are either atheist or `` non practicing '' catholics but the few devout catholics i know are of the type that go on missions , are anti abortion , anti equal rights , communion & liberation/opus dei sort of people . 
  pretty scary . 
   i remember having stuff stolen from my house by my brother , who attended a public school ( in the british sense ) . 
  yeah , heroin addiction was all the rage with the upper classes . 
  shitty times . 
  not all , but most young catholics i know are more conservative than in my parent 's generation . 
  they 're become more extremist . 
  the generation born in the 60 's -70 's went through a period of essential anarchy post 1974 . 
  portugal was the main entry point for drugs from south america at one point . 
   you guys are great drivers on the motorways we 're really not . 
  driving in portugal is a constant frustration . 
  there * has * to be a version of that with the blue and white flag . 
  what exactly does this mean ? 
  more trade ? 
  thanks , friend . 
   the explanation for the green and red colours that make up the background field arose during the estado novo period , the nationalist authoritarian regime that held power from 1933 to 1974 . 
  it claims that the green represented the hope of the portuguese people , while the red represented the blood of those who died serving the nation . 
  [ 7 ] sources believe these noble meanings are far from the truth and are nothing more than propaganda , to provide an honourable justification to their choice . 
  [ 8 ]  another explanation gives full credit to the flag that was hoisted on the balcony of porto 's city hall during the 1891 insurrection . 
  it consisted of a red field bearing a green disc and the inscription centro democr\u00e1tico federal `` 15 de novembro '' ( english : federal democratic centre `` 15 of november '' ) , representing one of many masonry-inspired republican clubs . 
  [ 10 ] over the following 20 years , the red-and-green was present on every republican item in portugal . 
  [ 3 ] the 1891 flag-inherited red stands for the colour of the republican-inspired masonry-backed revolutionaries , whereas green was the colour auguste comte had destined to be present in the flags of positivist nations , an ideal incorporated into the republican political matrix . 
   worth noting that at one point 1 % of the population was addicted to heroin . 
  it 's really very tacky . 
  too much going on , bright red clashing with green . 
  [ here 's a much better version . 
  ] ( http://i59.photobucket.com/albums/g320/fernao/bandeiraportugalazul.png ), 
  we do , i have n't met anyone in real life that liked our flag . 
  at least , that 's my experience . 
  i find it surprising to hear you like it . 
  just google it . 
  worth noting that at one point 1 % of the population was addicted to heroin . 
  finland is not socially progressive . 
  sweden , norway , denmark and iceland are though . 
  have you seen the finnish political spectrum ? 
  it 's a joke . 
  actually it 's all the more remarkable considering the financial crisis . 
  most of us hate it , it 's really tacky . 
  brazil !, 
  oh wait , they 're even more useless . 
  there 's nothing wrong with portugal , just with our politicians . 
  bunch of useless , dumb , corrupt pricks . 
  throughout the 20th century , most bissau-guineans practiced some form of animism . 
  in the early 21st century , many have adopted islam , which is now practiced by 50 % of the country 's population . 
  most of guinea-bissau 's muslims are of the sunni denomination with approximately 2 % belonging to the ahmadiyya sect . 
  [ 51 ] approximately 10 % of the country 's population belong to the christian community , and 40 % continue to hold indigenous beliefs . 
  these statistics can be misleading , however , as many residents practice syncretic forms of islamic and christian faiths , combining their practices with traditional african beliefs 50 % de 1,700,000 eh 850,000 , 18 % de 24 milhoes eh 4 milhoes e tal . 
  the 2007 census found that christians made up 56.1 % of mozambique 's population and muslims comprised 17.9 % of the population . 
  7.3 % of the people held other beliefs , mainly animism , and 18.7 % had no religious beliefs . 
  rekt, 
  lisbon is actually very diverse and was one of the first multicultural cities in europe if not the world . 
  just not many muslims . 
  definitely no arabs , if they 're muslim they 're usually from mo\u00e7ambique . 
  but they all go to france or stay in their home , andaluc\u00eda . 
  i saw a woman in a burka once in the lisbon metro . 
  pretty shocking . 
  really ? 
  i do n't really care but i honestly think it 's a matter of time . 
  surprised ? 
  i 've seen at most a handful of muslims in portugal my whole life . 
  roma muslims ? 
  holy shit they must have it tough . 
  senegal , colombia , chile as well though, 
   others want to join portugal i still believe this might happen before i 'm dead . 
  especially if catalonia or the basque country secede . 
  spanish monarchy still exists because it 's democratically accepted . 
  and take it from us , it 's better to have someone that is n't political representing your country than having some corrupt fucker . 
  it 's not like their role needs a political figure . 
  athletic and bar\u00e7a fans are * usually * pro independence . 
  not as much as la real fans but still . 
  which you can block with \u00b5block anyway . 
  our situation quite frankly is embarrassing though . 
  a country as poor as ours should be growing around 5 % a year if we 're ever to join our eu buddies in prosperity . 
   greece has little to none industry . 
  does n't greece have one of the largest shipping industries in the world ? 
  did n't they just find massive oil and gas reserves ? 
  are n't russia going to build an enormous pipeline there ? 
  greece also has a lot of tourism and a small population . 
  i think maybe the problem is n't industry but i may be wrong . 
  it was under threat . 
  i said lack of national identity because it was n't stable since poland was tossed around so much . 
  maybe i should have said `` lack of a stable national identity , free from foreign threats '' so that you guys could n't be pedantic about it but i did n't think it was necessary . 
  i thought it went without saying that the polish national identity suffered many crises from the fact that poland got so magnificently ravaged throughout history but clearly i was wrong and must have made some nationalists butthurt . 
  next you 'll say the kurds do n't suffer from an identity crisis , being the largest ethnicity in the world without a sovereign country . 
   church in poland helped preserve national identity , and fight with germanisation and russification . 
  it has became a backbone of polish identity , after centuries of religious tolerance . 
  ( this is coming from atheist btw ) . 
  how can you start off by saying `` no '' and then repeat exactly what i said ? 
  i 'm not saying you were , i 'm saying your particular sense of nationalism was mostly caused by centuries of statelessness and/or political-geographical stability . 
   this was the consequence of polish statelessness , as the polish nationality was suppressed by the authorities of countries which acquired the territory of the former commonwealth . 
  you are not understanding what i 'm saying at all , sorry .
