  infrastructure ? 
  must be spain . 
  portugal does n't seem to believe in that . 
  we should absolutely not follow australia . 
  they 're completely immoral , you must have no clue . 
  on top of that they have limited resources for their population , a problem which is vastly less significant in europe . 
  immigration should be managed and schengen borders controlled in unison and for that we need more unity , a common army and the quicker we get to federalisation the more efficient and transparent this whole process will be . 
  permitting access to credit lines , multiple bailouts , capital inflows every year , infrastructure projects , cultural developments , educational incentives , reduced barriers to trade , improved business confidence , standardisation , increased labour movement , reduced inflation , etc.etc.etc . 
  beware pseudoscience, 
  saving our asses actually . 
  i know that might be uncomfortable for you to realise . 
  it 's going to happen , just maybe not with england in it . 
  most people are favourable to the idea , it 's the elites that are n't . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/europe-union-brexit-eurobarometer/ rome was n't built in a day though . 
  ld 7 % after terrorist attacks and government infringement of personal freedoms ? 
  should be doing a lot better . 
  turkey is to big and too poor to join the eu currently , let alone in the past . 
  they border iraq and syria for pete 's sake . 
  i do n't see how this could ever be legal . 
  dual, 
  reading douglas murray makes me solemnly agree one sentence and outrage in disagreement the next but i always enjoy this man 's writing . 
  having one border outside schengen instead of dozens internally would let the eu focus its resources on policing that well but that level of complex organisation would only be able to happen under a federal eu . 
  until that point , depending on the incompetent governments of the poor and corrupt states in the periphery will always pose a security risk for the rest of us . 
  so the only solution i see from a security perspective going forward is eu federalism . 
  britain has n't had a higher gdp per capita than germany in ages . 
  so that would be under reacting . 
  regardless , not anyone 's fault you do n't know protocol . 
  til i know lib dems are also much more pro science than any other party in the uk for example . 
  in portugal they 're all shit . 
  you 're massively overreacting . 
  well they 're not fully right in their economic policies either . 
  as a liberal party that would mean they would be libertarians , which they are not . 
  they 're more moderate , centre-right . 
  so they 're centre-left , socially liberal and centre right , economically liberal . 
  sounds pretty ideal to me . 
  hungary went full retard . 
  again , the border controls have to be on the borders of bulgaria and greece , not hungary . 
  central countries give massive amounts to the poorer countries , it 's not their problem . 
  there 's clearly a lack of organisation in the eu , but that 's seperate to the sovereign nations . 
  it 's just protocol , not a sign of sexual submission , calm down . 
  do n't you have a dropbear to look for ? 
  most people in the uk like the queen but do n't lynch or ostracise republicans . 
  in fact it 's often republicans that are quick to judge . 
  for sure . 
  he 's going to get obliterated in the polls the way things are going . 
  barbarian . 
  economically perhaps but not socially , they 're more socially progressive afaik . 
  otherwise they would n't be part of alde . 
  shame about cup not prioritising independence . 
  we do have borders but the periphery is full of incompetent countries that do n't police them properly . 
  we do n't need fences between slovenia and croatia , we need a proper border guard in greece and bulgaria . 
  that 's it . 
  thing is though , leave anything to greek and bulgarian politicians and nothing will get done . 
  yeah this is just common sense . 
  noscript is a pain in the arse though . 
  five dorraaa !, 
  you mean one thousand million ? 
  i call bullshit , no way is it that low in portugal . 
  never thought of it that way to be honest . 
  i call bullshit , no way is it that low in portugal . 
  there are no gays in italy right ? 
  except every man looks like he could be on the cover of a gay magazine . 
  really ? 
  heard about ten walls ? 
  a bleeding heart liberal is someone that has long advocated for liberal principles . 
  nick clegg not natalie bennett . 
  so many americans . 
  that 's not how we use the term liberal in europe or anywhere outside the us . 
  but they told me about that guy that was born into a gang and grew into a springbok !, 
  til , thanks . 
  ah yes , not the same as in austria then . 
  how is cricket more popular than rugby in australia and football more popular than rugby in sa ? 
  also where do the estonians ski ? 
  cheers mate . 
  ah ok , so it 's not entirely unreasonable . 
  thanks for the info . 
  it makes absolutely no sense to me . 
  that may be the case historically but it sounds completely insane nowadays . 
  the common person has n't the slightest clue about law . 
   they 're just as spanish as asturias , madrid or aragon . 
  so much so that they 're not even on the same continent . 
   force a spanish population out of their homes i 'll repeat : stay or go back to spain . 
  that 's up to them . 
   some random state hyperbolic much ? 
  the only state with the legitimate claim to that land . 
  you know who else should be given the choice between staying in the `` new '' country or leaving ? 
  the residents of oliven\u00e7a . 
  til . 
  still inconsistent with the rest of the world though . 
  in the eu . 
  and not left wing . 
  no , they can do what they want , stay or go back to spain . 
  it 's not very far away . 
  the point is that the spanish government 's claims are asinine and hypocritical . 
  spain are heavily criticised but you have to understand ceuta and melilla would no longer be spanish without those fences . 
  spain are heavily criticised for having territorial disputes with every single one of their neighbours and a few others ( to keep things spicy ) . 
  that does n't make it ok . 
  i definitely do n't justify having invaded ceuta and it 's morally unjustifiable for you to hold on to ceuta and melilla and all those pathetic rocks off the coast of morocco . 
   that 's what they do in europe to demand welfare . 
  that 's unbelievably racist .
