  not to mention the social , legislative and political policies which the uk has towards the eu such as not being part of schengen or rejecting the tobin tax . 
  as for joining the euro , you ca n't be part of a federation of nation states with a different currency . 
  it 's as simple as that and if the british fail to grasp that then they 'll just have to prod along while the rest of the eu does what it needs without considering the uk . 
  [ which is where things are heading , it seems . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/8945213/eu-treaty-david-camerons-veto-creates-new-era-for-europe-and-coalition.html ) i must call you out on your hypocrisy , as you fail to provide any sources whatsoever . 
  and your statistic for the economic sectors is form 2005 , hardly up to date . 
  your arrogance is baffling , you must be miserable . 
  it 's probably your weather and shit food . 
  what the uk does is so vile i 'm surprised they have n't been punished more . 
  the only country that 's more than 50 % eurosceptic in the whole eu , where people consider ` europe ' to be somewhere else . 
  the only free market economy other than the us in the entire world that claims to be doing ` pretty well ' while having a completely unsustainable economy ( 70 % services , mostly based in london ) at the cost of not helping other european countries . 
  also the only country that does n't need to aim to get the euro . 
  yes if you refuse to help when the eu is in crisis but take full advantage of it when it 's doing well , i 'd be surprised if you ever had a downturn again . 
  this saddens me . 
  depends . 
  i do n't think most people in the eu would agree with american foreign policy on anything . 
  i 'm not even considering iraq and afghanistan although nato and the eu did support them to some extent . 
  the american government seems to be too ` neo-imperialist ' for us to agree with them , especially with the imf , which my friend , i 'm sure you know a lot about . 
  love you . 
  this graph ca n't be right . 
  i 'd say easily over 50 % of people in portugal speak english . 
  this man is correct . 
  i never claimed that nazism was reasonable !, 
  just adds to the absurdity that they 're not even `` pure blood '' as they like to call it . 
  although bavarians are actually pretty cool . 
  so they 're textbook nazis ? 
  they could n't be , greeks are hardly aryan . 
  it 's called war now . 
  turkey borders iraq and syria . 
  strategically i believe turkey would only be a good candidate if it got its shit together , and it being such a big country , i think it would take around 100 years at least , ceteris paribus . 
  alright , let 's calm down here people . 
  norway . 
  just read the article and all your wildest questions will be answered . 
  ... americans ... 
  erm , do n't mean to rock your boat but portugal does n't have a significant debt problem ... 
  wow . 
  i agree with you 100 % . 
  like literally every word you just said is what i think . 
  i think we 're talking about the people that * do * care here , no ? 
  jesus man , take a class on debating . 
  bankers and politicians * do * have a consensus on agreeing with the bailout , as does merkel because this theoretically saves the banks and the portuguese economy to put it simply . 
  however , the problem is much deeper than that and involves a lot of supply side policies that need to be ammended and instead of reforms etc. 
  the portuguese public get `` austerity measures '' that wo n't necessarily put the economy back on track but will definitely give bankers the break they so want after years of corruption and stealing . 
  merkel is just safeguarding germany by protecting the euro financially but in portugal 's case , not giving a rat 's ass about the real underlying problem . 
   portugal here , only the core supporters of our previous government think that the bailout was unnecessary , the same government that in 6 years managed to get our public debt from ~ 55 % gdp to over 90 % public debt is at 83.2 % which is by no means unhealthy as you might possibly know . 
   the crisis is not of portugal 's doing . 
  its accumulated debt is well below the level of nations like italy that have not been subject to such devastating assessments . 
  its budget deficit is lower than that of several other european countries and has been falling quickly as a result of government efforts . 
  - nytimes i 'm far from a core supporter of ps and coincidentally , there are many people that agree that the bailout was unnecessary outside of it and many that do agree with it inside the party . 
  people believe merkel is being selfish because she wants to protect the german economy more than she wants to safeguard european welfare . 
  they 're pissed off because now they 'll have to pay for what the banks and corrupt politicians did n't do when they were meant to and merkel wants that to happen . 
  woah woah . 
  i 'm not trying to be biased , i 'm not even giving my own opinion !, 
  also , there 's a lot more to parties than just their opinion of merkel 's policies , so just want to point that fallacy out . 
  i must have some script or something as a work around . 
  page 1  portugal 's plea for help with its debts from the international monetary fund and the european union last week should be a warning to democracies everywhere . 
   the crisis that began with the bailouts of greece and ireland last year has taken an ugly turn . 
  however , this third national request for a bailout is not really about debt . 
  portugal had strong economic performance in the 1990s and was managing its recovery from the global recession better than several other countries in europe , but it has come under unfair and arbitrary pressure from bond traders , speculators and credit rating analysts who , for short-sighted or ideological reasons , have now managed to drive out one democratically elected administration and potentially tie the hands of the next one . 
    if left unregulated , these market forces threaten to eclipse the capacity of democratic governments -- perhaps even america 's -- to make their own choices about taxes and spending . 
    portugal 's difficulties admittedly resemble those of greece and ireland : for all three countries , adoption of the euro a decade ago meant they had to cede control over their monetary policy , and a sudden increase in the risk premiums that bond markets assigned to their sovereign debt was the immediate trigger for the bailout requests . 
    but in greece and ireland the verdict of the markets reflected deep and easily identifiable economic problems . 
  portugal 's crisis is thoroughly different ; there was not a genuine underlying crisis . 
  the economic institutions and policies in portugal that some financial analysts see as hopelessly flawed had achieved notable successes before this iberian nation of 10 million was subjected to successive waves of attack by bond traders . 
    market contagion and rating downgrades , starting when the magnitude of greece 's difficulties surfaced in early 2010 , have become a self-fulfilling prophecy : by raising portugal 's borrowing costs to unsustainable levels , the rating agencies forced it to seek a bailout . 
  the bailout has empowered those `` rescuing '' portugal to push for unpopular austerity policies affecting recipients of student loans , retirement pensions , poverty relief and public salaries of all kinds . 
    the crisis is not of portugal 's doing . 
  its accumulated debt is well below the level of nations like italy that have not been subject to such devastating assessments . 
  its budget deficit is lower than that of several other european countries and has been falling quickly as a result of government efforts . 
    and what of the country 's growth prospects , which analysts conventionally assume to be dismal ? 
  in the first quarter of 2010 , before markets pushed the interest rates on portuguese bonds upward , the country had one of the best rates of economic recovery in the european union . 
  on a number of measures -- industrial orders , entrepreneurial innovation , high-school achievement and export growth -- portugal has matched or even outpaced its neighbors in southern and even western europe . 
    why , then , has portugal 's debt been downgraded and its economy pushed to the brink ? 
  there are two possible explanations . 
  one is ideological skepticism of portugal 's mixed-economy model , with its publicly supported loans to small businesses , alongside a few big state-owned companies and a robust welfare state . 
  market fundamentalists detest the keynesian-style interventions in areas from portugal 's housing policy -- which averted a bubble and preserved the availability of low-cost urban rentals -- to its income assistance for the poor . 
    a lack of historical perspective is another explanation . 
  portuguese living standards increased greatly in the 25 years after the democratic revolution of april 1974 . 
  in the 1990s labor productivity increased rapidly , private enterprises deepened capital investment with help from the government , and parties from both the center-right and center-left supported increases in social spending . 
  by the century 's end the country had one of europe 's lowest unemployment rates . 
  page 2  in fairness , the optimism of the 1990s gave rise to economic imbalances and excessive spending ; skeptics of portugal 's economic health point to its relative stagnation from 2000 to 2006 . 
  even so , by the onset of the global financial crisis in 2007 , the economy was again growing and joblessness was falling . 
  the recession ended that recovery , but growth resumed in the second quarter of 2009 , earlier than in other countries . 
    domestic politics are not to blame . 
  prime minister jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates and the governing socialists moved to cut the deficit while promoting competitiveness and maintaining social spending ; the opposition insisted it could do better and forced out mr. s\u00f3crates this month , setting the stage for new elections in june . 
  this is the stuff of normal politics , not a sign of disarray or incompetence as some critics of portugal have portrayed it . 
    could europe have averted this bailout ? 
  the european central bank could have bought portuguese bonds aggressively and headed off the latest panic . 
  regulation by the european union and the united states of the process used by credit rating agencies to assess the creditworthiness of a country 's debt is also essential . 
  by distorting market perceptions of portugal 's stability , the rating agencies -- whose role in fostering the subprime mortgage crisis in the united states has been amply documented -- have undermined both its economic recovery and its political freedom . 
    in portugal 's fate there lies a clear warning for other countries , the united states included . 
  portugal 's 1974 revolution inaugurated a wave of democratization that swept the globe . 
  it is quite possible that 2011 will mark the start of a wave of encroachment on democracy by unregulated markets , with spain , italy or belgium as the next potential victims . 
    americans would n't much like it if international institutions tried to tell new york city , or any other american municipality , to jettison rent-control laws . 
  but that is precisely the sort of interference now befalling portugal -- just as it has ireland and greece , though they bore more responsibility for their fate . 
    only elected governments and their leaders can ensure that this crisis does not end up undermining democratic processes . 
  so far they seem to have left everything up to the vagaries of bond markets and rating agencies . 
  do n't know what you 're on about . 
  it 's not a strictly negative feeling , people know germany is the force behind europe , it 's just more cautious i suppose . 
  [ thanks for the arrogance .
