   and one day possibly by latvia . 
  woah easy there . 
  / s yeah i know , i 'm obviously very glad for them but it 's fucking annoying how incompetent our governments are . 
  we could have a much higher hdi by now . 
  because 10 years ago we were far ahead of them and we were n't part of the soviet union . 
  it means we were entirely incapable of even modest growth . 
  officially overtaken by estonia and lithuania . 
  new levels of low . 
  actually , most of the regions on the spanish side of the border are poorer than portugal . 
  yeah fuck you greece . 
  your taxes are much lower than ours . 
  i have a question though , where does healthcare factor in on this ? 
  since you have to pay for it , how is that reflected in ppp ? 
  yeah i wonder how much they think they 've failed . 
  russia is by no means a first world country , it 's a very poor country in fact . 
  same for argentina . 
  well he 's right that we feel like the greeks are stabbing us in the back after all the shit we had to put up with . 
  maybe they 're right though , i do n't know . 
  krugman and stiglitz seem to think austerity is bullshit . 
   portugal ( 1828 , 1837 , 1841 , 1845 , 1852 , 1890 ) you would 've thought after the 3rd default in 13 years creditors would have been weary . . 
  croatia is a developed country by now , surely ? 
  it 's down to the gulf stream . 
  the same latitudes on the other side of the atlantic are much , much colder in winter . 
  we 're lucky to have a milder climate so we can move further north . 
   in really hot days it can even go up to 30 \u00b0 c. 
  estonia \u2260 europe, 
  / r/ukpolitics is leaking, 
  ironic coming from you . 
   woman ... rip your inbox, 
  being against same sex marriage is the epitome if selfishness . 
  who the fuck are you to tell others who they can or can not love !? 
  ridiculous meddling into other people 's lives . 
  eli5 how the us 's gdp per capita is so high ? 
  higher than sweden ? 
  vinho verde and bacalhau com broa are personal favourites . 
   keep in mind a lot of french actually started liking our food and our cuisine and wine is beating out the french competition recently . 
  comment of the year !, 
   not to mention your confusing the eu with the euro . 
  here :  in absolutely no way are any of our problems a result of either the euro or the eu . 
   you ca n't have currency cover an area bigger than an optimal currency zone without having fiscal transfer to smooth the imbalances . 
  ok . and for that we need to become a federation . 
  i 'm not being rude to you , you 're just talking about something you clearly have no idea about , you could have at least bothered to google about it . 
  portugal was definitely saved by the eu , ask anyone . 
  it was/is our government that is completely corrupt and inefficient , in absolutely no way are any of our problems a result of either the euro or the eu . 
  i never said the euro was perfect but if there 's anything you should take from this conversation is that you should n't have a hint of doubt that it saved us . 
   why do you think you even needed bailed out in the first place ? 
  the structural flaws in the ez , that 's why . 
  haha i 'm sorry but you have no idea . 
  we had severe inner supply side inefficiencies and years of corruption , our former prime minister is currently in jail . 
  had we had our currency , the public would have been robbed overnight and since we 're a net importer , poverty would have skyrocketed . 
  your analysis is completely misguided . 
  how do you think we got low interest rates on our bail out loans ? 
  why do we think we have an economy at all ? 
  if we were n't part of the euro or the eu , we 'd have the economic attractiveness of belarus . 
   never once mentioned racism . 
  itt : eu is bad , needs glorious uk . 
  exactly , just a meaningless term you threw up in the air hoping it catches on . 
  politically , you 're a massive burden , not economically though so you 're both right . 
   the eur is structurally flawed and is responsible for most of the mess . 
  jesus , that is a totally innacurate depiction . 
  totally innacurate . 
  the euro saved our ass . 
  never once mentioned racism . 
   chauvinism , in its original meaning , is an exaggerated patriotism and a belligerent belief in national superiority and glory . 
  great argument . 
  yes the devaluation would compromise their ability to pay back their loans . 
  half the eu would get screwed . 
   the very title of the report you have linked shows the situation at this very moment is the eu needs the uk more than the uk needs the eu . 
  any matter of `` we may soon '' is merely conjecture . 
   if this would result in a lower value of pound sterling , exports would rise reducing the british trade deficit . 
  this is an economic bonus in the eyes of british policy makers . 
  pick 1 , either the eu needs the uk because it exports more than it imports to it or vice versa . 
  i 've presented 2 arguments which you have failed to identify , namely : 1 . 
  if you leave the eu the value of the pound will decrease and your imports will go down , at which point the eu will lose interest in the uk economically . 
  if you leave the uk you will not be able to negotiate trade deals due to the discrepancy in economy sizes . 
  i can add more : 3 . 
  you will lose your ability to work/travel in the eu without a visa . 
  all your services and industry will move to other european countries , including banks , as they have already threatened to do so . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/apr/27/hsbc-relocation-how-the-bank-will-decide-whether-or-not-to-leave-uk http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-24859486, 
  right , you completely and repeatedly misunderstand my point so i will leave this here as it is . 
  clearly , the uk is in favour of more integration just as much as the rest of europe , the tories are in favour of contributing more to brussels and the anti-eu rhetoric is n't used in british politics . 
  oh and the data that i 've repeatedly made reference to i 've now said is irrelevant , apparently . 
  cool . 
   the idea of nationalism turns on that of a `` nation '' . 
  the word is a joke : we british are one of the most mongrel of `` nations '' , a mixture of so many immigrations in the last two millenia that the idea of a british ethnicity is comical , except for the celtic fringes , whose boast has to be either that they remained so remote and disengaged , or so conquered , for the greater part of history , that they succeeded in keeping their gene pool `` pure '' ( a cynic might unkindly say `` inbred '' ) . ], 
  much nonsense is talked about nations as entities : emerson spoke of the `` genius '' of a nation as something separate from its numerical citizens ; giradoux described the `` spirit of a nation '' as `` the look in its eyes '' ; other such meaningless assertions abound . 
  nations are artificial constructs , their boundaries drawn in the blood of past wars . 
  and one should not confuse culure and nationality : there is no country on earth which is not home to more than one different but usually coexisting culture . 
  cultural heritage is not the same thing as national identity . 
   in my opinion , the eu needs the uk more than the uk needs the eu , who can hold it against them for trying to leverage this situation to their advantage ?? 
  this is a funny opinion . 
  read [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/damianreece/9781615/we-may-soon-need-europe-more-than-europe-needs-us.html ) :  there is a consensus here that the uk must retain its membership of the single market but that we should remain outside the single currency . 
  to do that we must put forward a positive case for our continued membership of the single market -- which is n't too hard when you consider that we import far more from europe than we export over there , allowing our continental cousins to enjoy a significant surplus . 
  in other words , they seem to need us more than we need them . 
   but we may well need europe more than europe needs us in a rather bigger way in coming years when it comes to making the most of what 's happening in global trade , where we 're hoping to make significant progress . 
  the world trade organisation , and its interminable round of talks , has generated nothing but yawns for years . 
  but things are changing and improvements in global trade could well be one of the most significant economic developments of the next 18-24 months . 
  there is a pragmatic move being led by the international chambers of commerce , in partnership with the wto , to implement the elements of the now stalled doha round of trade talks which were agreed over the past decade but never implemented . 
  this bottleneck is down to the wto 's archaic `` single undertaking '' negotiating rules whereby everything on the negotiating table has to be agreed by everyone or nothing is agreed . 
  that looks like being overcome by the end of 2013 , clearing a log jam so that several `` doha deliverables '' will take effect -- including the liberalisation of trade in services which is the uk 's biggest overseas earner .
