   * our * politicians have basically privatized everything sounds like your own gov 's fault . 
   keep in mind that 80 % of the bulgarians have in disposal to spend per month less than the minimum salary of 180 euros . 
  3x bigger , sorry . 
  portugal is a bit better but we still have a long way to go . 
  out justice system is notoriously shit . 
  yeah , it must be the millions getting pumped into your countries . 
  good point , similar in portugal . 
  you had a disposable income 4-5x bigger than they do . 
  it 's not a big deal , most of the world has warmer summers for a lot longer than austria , the average man can cope . 
  i realise that . 
  you said the old method should be used , but it 's incomplete , it does n't take as many factors in such as unemployment , population age , expertise , etc. 
  making it unfair . 
  how hard can it be to get such a small country to grow . 
  nope . 
   we grant that the capacity to contribute to the collective effort of receiving applicants for protection is not only determined by riches . 
  there is a range of factors that are relevant . 
  for instance , a state 's capacity to take in applicants for refugee protection is greater not just when it is richer , but also when it ( i ) has unmet labour needs , ( ii ) has an ageing population , and ( iii ) has existing reception facilities and know-how so that start-up costs are minimal . 
  if we construct a composite index that takes into account all these factors with proper weights assigned to them , then that will tend to take even more weight off the shoulders of poorer states . 
  that 's illegal . 
  i 'm sure she does n't pay taxes either though . 
  never heard of anyone making less than 600 in practice . 
  unless ops mom makes literally 600 euros then she will earn more . 
  outrageously over the top conclusions coming from a click bait article ? 
  on reddit ? 
  you do n't say . 
  just redistribute them accordingly . 
  literally all of syria could migrate to the eu and it would n't increase the population by 1 % . 
  they last like what a month , maybe two ? 
  that 's less than minimum wage here . 
  jesus that 's dire . 
  especially on this sub lately . 
  why the lame dig at liberals ? 
  surely you mean na\u00efve left wingers . 
  i 'm pretty sure most liberals want a sustainable intake of refugees , not more , not less . 
  i did n't know extreme poverty still existed in bulgaria . 
  to be honest i do n't think any refugee wants to go there anyway , they 'd probably be treated like shit and given crap conditions . 
  your tin hat fell . 
  that 's a silly argument , gdp and unemployment are just as crucial when considering how many migrants a country can intake . 
  yeah , shockingly poor those two . 
  keep your visigothic ideas out of my suebic lands . 
  also in europe , he 's just confusing political liberalism with economic liberalism . 
  the latter is a libertarian economic policy . 
  i 'm not saying it is . 
  i 'd rather all the non ethnically castillain states in spain become independent of castille and join the eu than anything else . 
  hell , even if the eu breaks apart ( not happening anytime soon ) i 'd rather a union with all the other southern european countries than just with spain . 
  it 's just the worst idea i 've heard in a long time . 
  until spain stops claiming territory that is ours this and the eu breaks up this will never happen . 
  fdp are a bad example though . 
  most alde members are social liberals not classical liberals . 
  village . 
  yeah . 
  christ , over my dead body would i want that . 
   spaniards do n't get me wrong , we love you . 
  you could n't say that with a straight face could you . 
  i see humour does n't go further north than the arctic circle . 
  and bailing out banks / slashing the budget for education/health and privatisation of absolutely every public service . 
   if there 's one lesson in the euro mess it 's that left wing politics as they are implemented in southern europe are poison . 
  this is a fallacy . 
  left wing politics in southern europe were ` poison ' because of corruption and had a rhetoric of just giving out money in a poor effort to distribute wealth ( forget the actual term for this ) . 
  completely unrelated to the eu . 
  as you know the most developed countries in the world have somewhat socialist regimes . 
  i do n't mean hard left but centre left ( more centre than left ) . 
  there is no such thing as left vote in the uk in my opinion . 
  just different forms of right . 
  edit : downvote because he has a different opinion hurrdurr fucking twats . 
  dude i do n't know what you think i said , i said they 're now manageable , i did n't say the debt decreased . 
  edit : you little keyboard warrior , you , 
  debt is n't rising . 
  here [ this article ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-09-07/portugal-s-10-year-yield-drops-to-18-month-low-on-ecb-bond-plans.html ) proves my point . 
  the troika pressured portugal to carry out these measures , now they can undo that . 
  lobby your government . 
  edit : germany does n't need to pay our debts . 
  our debts are now manageable , there 's just far too much austerity at the moment , so much that the economy is now officially shrinking . 
  also calling what the troika is doing ` solidarity ' is hilarious . 
  you missed the point . 
  it 's showing how germany benefits from portugal . 
  it 's not a bad thing , they just need to realise they make 3 billion euros a year off us so it 's in their best interest to keep our economy healthy . 
  shit man , sounds tough . 
  hope you power through . 
   supporters of the bill argue in a note accompanying the draft that `` the spread of homosexuality constitutes a threat to national security '' because the lifestyle choice could lead to an hiv/aids `` epidemic , '' destroy the institution of family , and lead to a shortage of children which could trigger a `` demographic crisis . '' master trolls . 
  i 've lived in both countries and portuguese people ca n't speak spanish for shit . 
  they can understand it and get the point across with a horrible accent and wrong grammar but that 's about it . 
  but very different . 
  i love the uk . 
  i just hate how anti-european they are . 
  and the weather . 
  and the food . 
  the eu . 
  right , while in countries like ireland , austria , spain and the netherlands , 70-80 % of people are in favour of the eu , only 25-32 % of uk citizens are . 
  but this is only according to the official eurobarometer survey so i would n't take my word for it . 
  if you think the uk economy is sustainable on the long term you 're wrong on [ many ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/03b1c1f0-cc1b-11e1-aac1-00144feabdc0.html ) [ levels ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/8913726/economists-say-uk-economic-growth-is-unsustainable.html ) . 
  in addition , due to its high dependance on the financial services , the [ uk has the lowest growth rate of the g7 thanks to the recent financial crisis ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-19504523 ) . 
  as you know it was the taxpayer that had to bail out its banks , which shows how unsustainable it is to depend on low corporate tax as an economic growth medium . 
  actually , it 's 77.8 % of gdp as of [ last year ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/fields/2012.html ) but obviously you miss the point , djibouti 's economy is mostly made up of services , but this does n't mean it 's unsustainable . 
  ( [ although i 'll add as a point that while the services sector grows or remains stable , the manufacturing sector has decreased ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/gva/gross-domestic-product--preliminary-estimate/q1-2012/stb-q1-2012.html ) ) what makes it unsustainable is the uk 's complete dependance on * financial services * based in the city . 
  this goes hand in hand with the next point , where the uk keeps rejecting eu plans on the basis that it would harm its economy . 
  [ they 'd rather save their own arses than carry on the european project . 
  ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2011/06/30/uk-s-cameron-rejects-eu-bank-budget-plan/ ) yes they do the bare minimum such as bail outs which are required by law for countries that want to remain in the eu . 
  even a country like portugal had to provide bail out money for greece . 
  interesting , because all of a sudden being in the eu seems like an economic advantage for the uk .
