without a shadow of a doubt . 
  not so sure about objective though , nothing is entirely objective in the social sciences . 
  really makes you wonder how the british public can be so uneducated on the eu . 
  and consequently making sure that the economy has no chance of revival . 
  the banks are the guilty ones but if the people could n't afford the house in the first place , why should they become their owners ? 
  suddenly no one had a house anymore , no wages , people are now starving in greece , etc. 
  i do n't believe life expectancy is so low in alentejo . 
  they have great food and loads of old people . 
  that last part would help sweden massively . 
  i 'd love to see a comparison of the three . 
  yeah , why is sweden so low ? 
  in ppp the uk is just above spain . 
  http://infogr.am/purchasing-power-of-a-monthly-average-salary-for-2012-in-eurostats-good-baskets-used-to-measure-inflation?src=web uk is below eurozone average in that case . 
  some of those words make sense . 
  you 're sad . 
  shiet . 
  who ? 
  it 's not way cheaper , it costs the same to produce something in the us as it does in eastern europe , and hardly any difference compared to china . 
  http://www.bcg.com/media/pressreleasedetails.aspx?id=tcm:12-159505 firms will either relocate back or to other cheaper nations like vietnam , mexico , laos , wherever the environment and social rights are not considered . 
  it 's obviously much cheaper to produce in eastern europe than in the uk . 
  cavaco looks sneaky as fuck !, 
  was it after he got away with insider trading ? 
  they persecute us , * that 's * harassment . 
  saying it should n't be tolerated is not harassment , stop using that word incorrectly . 
  they 're free to harass and i 'm not allowed to say they should be suppressed if they do n't listen to rational argument , ok . 
  i meant what i wrote , a conservative claim is one that does n't jump to conclusions . 
  one that states purely what the evidence shows . 
  or to make conservative claims , which is why it 's used in this case . 
  if you 're willing to support discrimination , that 's your prerogative . 
  i 'll leave you with a good quote . 
   unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
  -- in this formulation , i do not imply , for instance , that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies ; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion , suppression would certainly be unwise . 
  but we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force ; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument , but begin by denouncing all argument ; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument , because it is deceptive , and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols . 
  we should therefore claim , in the name of tolerance , the right not to tolerate the intolerant . 
  we should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law , and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal , in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder , or to kidnapping , or to the revival of the slave trade , as criminal . '' -- karl popper , the open society and its enemies, 
  clearly you 've never written an article , report or essay in your life . 
  do you know what * hedging * is ? 
  cautious language ? 
   allegedly they hindered people from entering a club and followed some who did n't lsiten to them ( police tells there might be a video which shows it / the waz a local newpaper which does n't always takes time to look up the facts reports it )   the people might be from radical salafist circles ( in germany this means much less than terrorists )   people felt threatened not for just chatting shit but for threatening people , inciting hatred and discrimination . 
  there 's a difference between free speech and a call to arms , gender segregation , sharia law , etc. 
  these people are violent extremists championing grossly immoral things , we ca n't just be na\u00efve and let it pass as `` free speech '' . 
  this is n't the us , thankfully . 
  this ca n't be tolerated though , they need to be educated or expelled . 
  ca n't tolerate discriminatory behaviour . 
   the people might be from radical salafist circles fucking salafis , it 's always them . 
  [ sending you ours !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7npemfguh08 ), 
  some states want just that ( e.g. 
  denmark and the uk ) and the ukraine is not part of the eu just yet . 
  also we do n't have a common foreign policy or army yet . 
  to be a skeptic is to be someone that makes conservative claims with the evidence provided , not nationalistic , chauvinistic idiots having a go against the `` government in brussels '' and emotional rants against federalism . 
  sintra is a town not a village . 
  l i s b o a 2 0 1 4 !, 
  knowledge on the subject . 
  pir is n't very intuitive . 
  what kind of a conclusion is that . 
  nothing , mainly stupid emotional `` arguments '' . 
  sintra is really small you 're talking about the concelho ( county ) which has that many people . 
  in any case it 's part of the lisbon metropolitan area and gaia is part of porto 's so this is correct . 
  but the photo of porto could be a lot nicer . 
  no surprise , really . 
  half of them ca n't even speak spanish properly . 
  the problem is those people misuse the word skeptic . 
   `` scepticism is a term of honour . 
  those people are not sceptical they are fanatical , '' - christopher hitchens, 
  people knew that native americans were n't indians about 5 minutes after columbus landed yet we call them that to this day . 
  we should n't call the netherlands holland but most people are dumb so they will . 
  independent and telegraph ? 
  turkey had the right to invade to uphold the constitution but that 's it , not the ethnic cleansing it carried out . 
  i 'm not saying the greeks or greek cypriots were any good but turkey went way , way too far and has taken far too long to admit this , thus , with situations like these on top of a myriad of other issues , turkey is unlikely to join the eu any time soon . 
  you may think you are better off have fun in la la land . 
   where things are almost by definition more democratic . 
  hahahahahahaha, 
  people do n't realise it affects legislation and legitimises the church . 
  really it 's because it 's not posed as a problem by anyone . 
  well , if labour costs remain the same then it would work . 
  the only scenario i can imagine this happening is with massive top down funding between countries that the rich countries ( not you uk ) would certainly not like as it would make them poorer in the short term . 
  closer legislative integration . 
  that is not the issue with the southern countries . 
  please . 
  why ca n't you have both ? 
  we 'd be ( even more ) fucked without it . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  it does n't matter what the non-native population thinks , territories are n't only claimed that way . 
  both situations are different though and showing an inconsistency does n't prove if it 's right or wrong . 
  which does n't address whether either case is right or wrong . 
  what ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_lisbon_%281668%29  ceuta would serve us no purpose at all other than creating expenses that we certainly do n't need . 
   furthermore , a newspaper a while back published an article that asked for the opinion of oliventinos regarding the issue , and most were either indifferent or had no knowledge of the situation in portugal and how changing hands would affect them . 
  i 'm sorry but i 've responded to this twice now . 
  i 'm not saying we want ceuta back , we want the treaty to be respected like we respected it with ceuta . 
  i also said that there has been an exodus of the portuguese population of oliven\u00e7a so whoever you 're asking now is n't the original portuguese native population . 
  this is n't some gimmick by the way , spain made formal appeals to the un about their claims on our territory just last year . 
  not only , it 's a fallacy because the claim is not addressed . 
  no i do not so do n't commit a tu quoque . 
  i mean the [ 2008 financial crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_economic_crisis ) . 
  we * are * talking about the same city that created the 2008 economic crisis , right ? 
  better off just pointing out that it 's a [ tu quoque fallacy . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ) if the article were about ceuta and oliven\u00e7a it would have made more sense since they were given to each side in the same treaty .
