  we 've come a long way since the 19th century to be honest , although i would like to see the current generation of politicians and voters die off , they keep holding us back . 
  what does that mean ? 
  they do n't have kids ? 
  what ? 
  finally , we all knew it would happen in the end , just a shame it took so long . 
  next : legalising cannabis , mdma , classic psychedelics and cocaine . 
  haha well put !, 
  we 'll be rich again one day . 
  right ? 
  right guys ? 
  what else happened ? 
  really hope ciudadanos wins , quite jealous that spain now has a moderate , centrist , social liberal party . 
  also op i do n't think artur mas 's party is conservative , they 're more classical liberals . 
  why do people want to vote ciudadanos and not upyd then ? 
  who ? 
  yeah guys , below russia ? 
  come on . . 
  nice , hopefully easyjet will start flying there . 
  can someone clarify why ? 
  needs to happen and that 's showing now . 
  none of this financial crisis and refugee crisis would have happened if we were a federation . 
  a monetary union without a fiscal union is doomed to failure , the only answer is further integration . 
  it 's already one of , if not the , most democratic institutions in the world . 
  are you out of your mind ? 
  iran funds hezbollah and assad , not to mention that they kill people for speaking out against the ayatollahs or being anything other than straight . 
  shia militias are one of the main reasons isis and al-qaeda get so many recruits !, 
  my grandfather smoked his whole life . 
  i was about 10 years old when my mother said to him , ` if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate , you have to stop immediately . ' . 
  tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake . 
  he gave it up immediately . 
  three years later he died of lung cancer . 
  it was really sad and destroyed me . 
  my mother said to me - ` do n't ever smoke . 
  please do n't put your family through what your grandfather put us through . '', 
  i agreed . 
  at 28 , i have never touched a cigarette . 
  i must say , i feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it , because your post gave me cancer anyway . 
  great generalisation , bro . 
  thanks for the shitpost . 
   it would be a little confusing welcome to portuguese . 
  just so you know , the ` nh ' in corunha and the ' \u00f1 ' in coru\u00f1a are said exactly the same way . 
   and i ca n't think of any sound that the ' \u00e7 ' could stand for . 
  \u00e7 is ` ss ' . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i 'm not saying they are n't biased , i 'm saying arguing that they 're wrong * because * they 're biased is an ad hominem . 
  they might be biased , i do n't know . 
  what i know from the past is that the central government has tried for years to make galician less of its own language and more castillian , like by taking away the ' \u00e7 ' or using \u00f1 instead of ` nh ' . 
  that sounds like the more politically-motivated movement . 
  regardless , just the other day i spoke in portuguese to a galician for ages and he spoke back to me in galician with 100 % intelligibility and i 'm from lisbon . 
  i really ca n't see how in the hell they 'd be different languages , maybe different dialects of the same language , at a stretch . 
  well that 's one view , the pcp is marxist-leninist with close ties to the soviet union so their version of communism is based on a state . 
  you can go back to / r/libertariansocialism now . 
  equally you could say that they are the genuine upholders of the language , whereas the madrid-funded view is politicised to decrease the weight of galician culture in an attempt to decrease feelings of separation . 
  just saying something is wrong because it 's biased is an ad hominem . 
  here 's another source : http://pgl.gal/ the fact of the matter is that the languages are extremely similar and mutually intelligible , so much so that saying they 're a different language is a stretch . 
  brazilian portuguese is probably more different to european portuguese than the latter to galician . 
  [ old news . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_united_kingdom#belief ) interestingly though  in a 2011 yougov poll , 34 per cent of uk citizens claimed they believed in a god or gods . 
  #  a survey in 2007 suggested that 42 per cent of adults resident in the united kingdom prayed , with one in six praying on a daily basis . 
  communism is the pinnacle of a centralised state , as far as i know . 
  they nationalised everything , took farms from land owners , shot people , etc. 
  clearly you are not reading anything i link and i 'm just talking to a wall so i 'll just end this here . 
  yes , in the 70s . 
  i should have made that clearer , we have the exact same , recent ( not ancient at all ) language origin . 
  `` galaico-portugu\u00eas '' is the category of these languages , there 's a bunch of them : https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%adnguas_galaico-portuguesas have you read that website ? 
  it 's in galician and i can read it just like i read portuguese , because the orthography is exactly the same , because it 's the same language . 
  http://www.academiagalega.org/publicacoes/outras-publicacoes/547-carlos-durao-vocabulario-ortografico-galiza.html how could they be separate languages if they 're essentially 100 % mutually intelligible and have the same orthography ? 
  it 's like saying spanish from madrid is a different language to spanish from c\u00e1diz . 
  it might sound different because of the accent and they use different regionalisms , but it 's the same language . 
  who are you kidding ? 
  we 're the asscrack of western europe and the presidential institution is one of the most corrupt in the country . 
  since the fall of the monarchy we 've had complete anarchy , fascism , communism and a stagnated republic . 
  our current president was involved in a major banking scandal and is a former member of pide , the fascist secret police . 
  not to mention his complete incompetency shown over and over in the past few years , including just recently with the elections . 
  if there 's an argument that a republic does n't work , portugal is a great one . 
  the gulbenkians have a remote claim to some title . . 
  portugal is a perfect argument against a republic . 
  that flag gave me cancer . 
  welcome to / r/europe, 
  portuguese is also known as galician-portuguese , it very much is the same language . 
  here , have an ` h ' . 
   if you want people to stay moderate pay attention to what ** their ** saying rather than taking their vote for granted . 
  maybe take your head out of your arse from time to time . 
  they 're *, 
  yeah too many variables , you know it 's bullshit if it says 100 % . 
  well said !, 
  it really is a shame , does n't represent reality at all . 
  they 're probably the most protectionist party in europe . 
  boggles the mind how that sort of mentality still exists , it 's like they threw the past 200 years of economics out the window to stick with their `` principles '' . 
   i also know that it is made of equal parts bureaucracy and indifference . 
  jesus . .  btw letting people travel yes these war refugees are on holiday and doing everything legally . 
   greece is not the police nor a prison . 
  if germany and denmark do n't want refugees then maybe they should expel them to their home countries once they arrest them ( as they ask from greece ) . 
  see how easy it is . 
  greece is a schengen border so it has the duty to police that border , otherwise it ca n't really consider itself a state . 
  they also have the duty to house refugees fleeing war as does any country with the ability to . 
  once they 're safe they can be sent to all other member states so that greece does n't have to take the disproportionate burden . 
  it 's not difficult to understand and the eu are n't doing anything wrong here by sending help for god 's sake . 
  it 's absurd to criticise the eu on this . 
  that 's selfish and irresponsible , greece and bulgaria are the first safe countries for syrian refugees and so they need appropriate conditions to be taken proper care of .
