denying refugees the help that they need is denying them a basic human right . 
  it 's inhumane , that 's a fact . 
  there are n't any countries that are nearly as progressive and humane , no . 
  refugees are our shared responsibility , claiming anything else would be inhumane . 
  are you trying to argue that sweden and germany are n't developed and progressive countries that should be looked up to ? 
  not sure what any of this has to do with `` white man 's burden '' . 
  if poorer countries want their own say then they should stop accepting development aid . 
  you ca n't just reap the benefits of being part of the eu and then expect to not have to share the responsibilities . 
  sweden and germany are progressive countries for a reason . 
  we have to lead the way so that the other less developed nations can follow . 
  sweden and germany pay development aid through the eu to countries that refuse to take their responsibility . 
  if these countries want to be a part of the eu and continue to receive aid then they should start taking their responsibility . 
  if countries want to benefit from development aid being paid by sweden to support poorer countries in the eu then they should also share the responsibility . 
  it 's only fair that we all share the responsibility of helping people in need . 
  every country in the eu has a shared responsibility to help refugees who are fleeing from war and poverty . 
  if countries want to be a part of the eu and reap the benefits then they should also share the responsibility of helping refugees in need . 
  it 's sad that it had to come to this just because other eu countries do n't want to take their responsibility . 
  wrong . 
  please stop spreading misinformation . 
  climate change is a huge problem . . what else do we have to be worried about ? 
  luckily we are n't as easily convinced by hateful racist fear mongering as other countries . 
  your comment just reeks of entitlement , you do n't actually care about helping these people in need at all . 
  you just do n't want brown people to come to europe . 
  we are helping the ones that are unable to risk their lives in order to come here . 
  but implying that we can just build `` safe zones '' in neighboring countries is not a solution . 
  tent camps is not going to solve anything . 
  what do you think most refugees and immigrants that come here looking for a better life do with their money ? 
  they send it back to their families still stuck in poverty . 
  countries should stand by the moral values that they represent . 
  we all have a shared responsibility . 
  the countries that refuse to acknowledge their part are acting out of false entitlement and greed . 
  questioning your generalisations and fear mongering is considered insultive ? 
  i 'm sorry that we ca n't all be a happy nationalist circle jerk that you so desperately want / r/europe to become . 
  race war ? 
  nothing is going to happen , you can take off your tin foil hat in 4 months . 
  this was all repeated during the 90s refugee crisis , it 's nothing new . 
  did the world end back then ? 
  it 's nationalist propaganda nothing more . 
  asuming that people will generalise hundreds of thousands of people based on a few news articles is insulting . 
  is that honestly how little you think of the public ? 
  predictable cause and effect for you maybe , fear mongering nationalist propaganda for the rest of us living in reality . 
  the people who do not have a claim for asylum are being sent back . 
  how do you expect to help them outside of the eu ? 
  build more tent camps ? 
  we are n't bringing the whole middle east to europe stop with your ridiculous exaggerations . 
  we all have a shared responsibility to help the people who risk their lives in order to come here . 
  you ca n't expect people to stay in tent camps without any chance for a better future . 
  the people who come here just want a better life for them and their families . 
  people who want to deny them that just sound entitled . 
  you sound so incredibly misinformed that it hurts to read . 
  do you honestly think that the world is going to end ? 
  not everyone believes in the nationalist propaganda that is being spread online . 
  not everyone is ignorant enough to generalise hundreds of thousands of people based on a few news articles . 
  we can handle it . 
  the problem is the countries that refuse to take their responsibility . 
  hopefully these countries wake up and start showing compassion for the refugees who are fleeing from war and poverty . 
  i do n't understand why people use this as an argument . 
  what you 're saying is that sweden should n't help refugees unless we are able to help billions of people . 
  how does that make any sense at all ? 
  is n't it better that we try to help the ones risking their lives to build a brighter future here and encourage the rest of the eu to do the same ? 
  of course since we treat them as human beings and give them a chance for a better future . 
  it 's a shame that the rest of the eu does n't do the same . 
  seeing as sweden and germany have to take responsibility for the rest of the eu , what other choice do we have ? 
  we need to help the people who risk their lives fleeing here but we ca n't help everyone if the rest of the eu does n't care about war refugees . 
  i can play this game as well : `` sweden is ruined '' `` import intolerant cultures '' i think we are only missing `` rape capital '' to go full nationalist circle . 
  feel free to quote and show me where our finance minister claims that sweden is going to be ruined by refugees . 
  we as in the swedish people who if you did n't know voted for the current government which is making sure that we help as many refugees as possible . 
  that 's quite the vivid fantasy you got going for you . 
  it is being discussed all the time , hence your news links . 
  what is the point of trying to spread all this misinformation and claim that sweden is committing suicide ? 
  does anyone honestly believe that ? 
  why ca n't you be tolerant towards others and show compassion ? 
  your fearmongering does n't work . 
  stop trying to convince people that sweden is going to be `` ruined '' or whatever it is you think will happen just because we are doing our part in trying to help refugees . 
  yes because spreading misinformation and contradicting yourself is very rational !, 
  we stand by our morals and we will keep taking our responsibility . 
  agreed , helping the less fortunate in any way that we can is a good first step towards a more equal planet instead of spening it all on personal luxury !, 
  there 's nothing wrong with the analogy when the point being made is `` why do anything at all if you ca n't save everyone '' . 
  not sure why you 're trying to argue about hospitals , it seems like you completely missed the point or you 're just deliberately pretending to for the sake of having an argument . 
  yes obviously sweden is ruined forever and will cease to exist . 
  do you believe what you 're typing ? 
  you claim to not even have been here for the past decade but obviously you know better than native swedes , right ? 
  you claim that other cultures are intolerant ? 
  maybe you should take a long good look at yourself in the mirror before you claim that others are intolerant . 
  i am ashamed of living in a europe with countries so busy thinking about numbers and profit that they ca n't help people in need . 
  when you stop spreading misinformation and contradicting yourself you can start being practical and rational . 
  and that 's the problem , if hospitals ca n't save every sick person that pays taxes or pays for their services , what 's the point ? 
  shut them all down so we can all take care of our own medical needs . 
  when did i ever mention people not living in a warzone ? 
  let alone claim anything about syria ? 
  stop putting words in my mouth . 
  i am simply following the reasoning of paultheparrot ; if we ca n't save everyone , do nothing instead . 
  so you honestly think people choose to live in warzones voluntarily and risk their lives daily ? 
  i guess i must be the misinformed one for thinking otherwise . 
  following your logic we should just shut down all of our hospitals , what 's the point really ? 
  people get sick and die all the time . 
  if we ca n't cure everyone , why bother at all ? 
  only care about yourself !, 
  `` anything else is just an expression of our humanity '', 
  if you ca n't be bothered to read anything that doese n't fit your own agenda i can see how you could end up caring so little about other human beings .
