  must not take you long to read the news in the morning . 
  depends how much you value battery life to be honest . 
  could n't be happier with my play , it 's great not having to carry around a battery pack . 
  i came from a htc one ( m7 ) and it 's quicker than that was . 
  i have n't really used a newer flagship than that so i do n't really have a sense of what really quick is like . 
  there is some very minor stutter sometimes but it 's not something that bothers me . 
  the screen is fine . 
  same as my m7 really . 
   fast , relatively congestion-free network . 
  if you 're using the steam link to game that 's the case anyway . 
  i think it 's a safe assumption . 
  just order one on amazon ? 
  and is it `` altruism '' to back another 5 years of neo-liberal clap trap pretending to be an alternative ? 
  you can spin this coin both ways . 
  how long does it take to train a builder ? 
  some sort of united nations ? 
   next 5 tears, 
  one for every mp, 
  the express ? 
  come on . 
  ultimately we have to move away from the commute . 
  moving several millions around twice a day so they can sit in an office and so the same work they could be doing at home is a massive waste of time and money . 
  the so called ` economic liberals ' in the party are mostly concerned with keeping the current neo-liberal system afloat . 
  in that sense , they 're no different from the conservatives , really . 
  they 're not interested in changing anything , just tinkering . 
  well fine , different priorities . 
  ops question was on dislike of the lib dems from the left . 
  they 're not interested in tackling the single most repressive thing in our society - it 's inequality . 
  enjoy the bong . 
  that 's not how it works at all . 
  or , rather , a war that is won vs one that 's lost . 
  i do n't buy this . 
  author does n't seem to understand that : -, 
  - there 's no compulsion to make every model an activerecord model, 
  - business objects are not the same as business logic . 
  active record or not , shoving everything inside the models and ignoring that distinction will make for a bad time . 
   raising the minimum wage increases the cost of living . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  do you really think the printed press will be much of a force in 4 years time ? 
  he says that like it 'd be a bad thing . 
  see also ; bendy bananas , eu army , uk euro . 
  pointers ? 
  that 's weirdly archaic advice . 
   boris did a bloody good job with london . 
  i want some of whatever you 've taken . 
  i just do n't understand some of the plp . 
  they wo n't vote against tax cuts and benefit caps , or bombing syria , but they will vote against corbyn . 
  the right of the party have has nothing to say for a decade now . 
  they 've given so much ground to the tories chasing a regressive cliche of `` northern working class white man '' that 's it 's now impossible for them to argue for anything other than slightly nicer status quo . 
  these are the people that put immigration controls on a campaign mug for fuck sake . 
  deselect the lot of them , they 're useless . 
  yes , so incredibly unpopular that labours polling at 30 % . 
  that 's not really any better is it ? 
  still betrays a deep prejudice . 
  leadsom is unelectable . 
  i think she 's doing a fine job of that by herself . 
  i do n't understand this argument . 
  what 's the point being elected if you 're not going to change or do anything ? 
  what ? 
  if corbyn suggested anything half as radical as what attlee did you 'd call him an unelectable socialist . 
  5 more years of blairism after the next ge will not address any of the key problems we face - because the right of the labour party run out of things to say in 2005 . 
  there 's no point voting for it and certainly no point campaigning for it . 
   corbyn and his momentum pricks . 
  yeah , there 's no point us talking . 
  hundreds of thousands of young people engaged in politics for the first time ? 
  yeah , the pricks . 
  that was the lesson from 2008 ? 
  seriously ? 
   defections to the conservatives, 
  it 'll be great to hear the wailing and crying about being called a ` tory ' when that happens . 
  christ , was a tedious shitpost . 
  i mean , good for you , but there are n't the jobs in the north west and where there are the jobs i can do 112k wont buy a car parking space . 
  no , but speaking from experience , you are told that being gay is morally wrong and that aids is bad but condoms are worse . 
  glad you agree that banning all schools of one faith is overdoing it . 
  i did some stuff on sentiment analysis of tweets . 
  not sure you 'd be able to do it now as it 's harder to get a big corpus of tweets - but any sort of system for looking at large amount of user generated content is interesting . 
  well , exactly . 
  we can control the investment if it 's government run, 
  til getting a train to work = well off, 
  might want to check the cmos battery ? 
  is there really much difference ? 
  well if that 's your list then i think it 's fair to say that no - there is n't much difference . 
  a few things got better , yes , but we 're still operating the same way pre as 97 . 
  he allowed an asset and banking boom and paid for popular social policies with that tax money . 
  so what ? 
  did n't say that , but meme away . 
  look , i never said he way a tory and i 'm happy he did some good things . 
  but he never tackled any fundamental problems - rather used several concurrent booms to paper over the issues . 
  if there was an election today between a blairite and a tory i 'd vote for the blairite - but not because i think it 'll make the world any better , just because they 're slightly less objectionable centrists . 
   please , remove your ip . 
   i work in computer security field, 
  i do n't buy it . 
  yeah , apart from literally all current affairs and news items . 
  90 % of the programming is n't actual programming - it 's decoding a poorly written or poorly thought out spec . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  there has literally just been a huge election to decide the leadership - and the first job of the leadership is appoint a shadow cabinet . 
  posted as a single run on sentence . 
  checks out , we 've got a kipper . 
   our own trade deals, 
  we do n't make anything,
