   self govern, 
  we wont have a say in the things that affect us, 
   control immigration, 
  no one is going to want to come here anyway, 
  i mean , yeah , if you like shit burgers . 
  yes , famously smart, 
  i ca n't tell if you 're joking . 
   obama 's as liberal as they come !, 
  you 're too much, 
  and there we have the ideology of the right boiled down . 
  if fine for you to do it , just not others . 
  that does n't mean anything, 
  yes , please tell me more about political certainty, 
  long term economic plan ? 
  `` hard left '', 
  what do you think an oyster card is ? 
  rich slackers are right wing . 
  more at 10, 
  if only the leave side had some representation in the media . 
  if only ... 
  ` much iraq ' , or half a million dead . 
  depends how edgy you want to be on the internet i guess . 
  you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  if anything skylines is cpu bound . 
  the irony, 
  10 years `` did it ? '', 
  1700x with a b350m-a mobo . 
  easy build , very happy with the performance . 
  currently using a shitty cooler master fan because it 's a real pain to get am4 bracketed aio coolers at the moment . 
  running a bit hot but i can live with it for a month or so . 
  it 's been a while since i used one of the amd leaver coolers . 
  forgot how much i hate trying to clamp them down . 
  i did the same thing . 
  remove the cmos battery and put a fat32 formatted usb drive with the bios file in one of the slots . 
  it takes a little while but it 'll boot into recovery and let you re flash . 
  what settings did you use ? 
  i ca n't event get my 2666 corsair ram to run at speed reliably . 
  i suspect at that price you 'd have to second hand or get a pre built . 
  just tried it . 
  corsair vengeance 2666mhz , docp now works . 
  have n't tried to push it any further . 
  ram speed is now also reported correctly in task manager ( it was 1/2 before . 
  no idea why ), 
  ram speeds are getting better with every bios version and they 're coming out every week or so at the moment . 
  i 'm happy with my build , do n't think there 's too much more to wait for atm . 
  is your rad getting warm ? 
  checked all the obvious stuff like being tight to the cpu and having proper paste ? 
  very similar build . 
  do you have another usb header for the h110i ? 
  i found it to be quite picky . 
  i ca n't get it to use the cpu temp at all - been using what i assume to be the water temp . 
  20 or so c below the reported temp in the bios and moves quite slowly . 
  but it 's such a big rad that i 've just set up a custom profile that uses very low speed until it reports about 40c, 
  here 's what i see waiting for an overwatch game to start : https://imgur.com/a/n8biw, 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  15 % minimum gdp research funding for all governments . 
  convenience/security for who ? 
  yellow tories . 
  what 's the point ? 
  funny , i remember it being described as 70s marxism at the time . . 
  afaik vega is the high end set ( think 590/x ) . 
  i do n't think there 's much to lose from getting a 570, 
   entirely different architecture . 
  that does n't mean it wont be given a  = 580 marker - the 280x was basically the same card as a 7970 but appeared in a few generations, 
  i 'm pretty sure the 2/4 position is the recommended setup in the bios . 
  just update to the latest bios ( using the bios , not windows ) and you 'll be fine . 
  if you botch the update it 's easy enough to ` unbrick ' - i 've done it twice . 
  remove the cmos battery and put a fat32 formatted usb drive with the bios file in one of the slots . 
  having said all that , i 'd put money on it just being bad ram . 
  cut the power , remove the cmos , wait 30 seconds and put it back in . 
  should do the trick . 
  no , it 'll try and re-update to whatever you had on the usb drive . 
  after a few minutes it 'll boot itself . 
  do n't have the manual on me but i think there 's a section on it, 
  you must be new here . 
  for two years this sub has been a kipper circle jerk . 
  i 'm quite happy the balance has shifted . 
   there 's no incentive to buy a house otherwise . 
  why does there need to be ? 
  yeah , half a million council houses and a # 10 minumim wage . 
  inner city, 
  minimum wage, 
  pick two, 
  the thing about young people is that more are being created all the time, 
  that 's nonsense, 
   professional people and companies, 
  do you think it 's a hobby elsewhere ? 
   polly toynbee, 
   hard left, 
  what a load of shit, 
  after brexit is over i reckon that 's the best we can hope for, 
  edgy, 
  muh invisible hand, 
  yeah god forbid people get training to campaign effectly . 
  i think all it ` proves ' is that islamphobics ( and i 'd suggest you might be one ) are not compatible with ` democratic ' values of tolerance and free speech, 
  well , you 've got the skybridge thing ? 
  fucking hell , is that really the ditch you 're gon na die in ? 
  watch out guys we 've got an internet tough guy . 
  nothing , i suppose . 
  that you would make a point that not all working class people are chavs , in a thread where people are talking about gassing a large section of the population , is remarkable to me .
