well , thats good news . 
  something like this : http://www.ejectmedia.net/examples/moo_textareas/, 
  would be nice , perhaps set horizontally rather than vertically as in the demo . 
  i 'd rather the government stay the hell out of peoples lives . 
  what business is it of theirs what your son/daughter is fed ? 
  link or it did n't happen, 
  jesus , how many times . 
  save that to your hard drive as so : http://operawiki.info/blockadvertisements, 
  plug ins , images , css and javascript can all be turned off . 
  l2p . 
  ` oh but let 's just complain and complain . 
  and yet , you managed to ignore your own advice to post that , cry more , fan boy . 
  i 'm sitting here with sub 1gb and a intergrated nvdia card . 
  i 've got areo on . 
  it 's fast , its stable and it 's more uable than xp . 
  if you do n't like the nags , turn them off . 
  i 'd like to think music is more than a t-shirt ad . 
  what business does a video codec have in a document spec anyway . 
  i 'm sure they 're not requiring the use of jpg . 
  because giving a * loan * to a bank is better then a recession where we all starve ? 
  acid 2 is a measure of css implementation . 
  gmail is a slew of javascript , html and css which does n't validate . 
  so , what 's your point ? 
  renders fine on the weeklys . 
  assertion that ron paul and the free market is all that can revive both america and this thread from the coma the bush administration has sent us into . 
  wake up sheeple . 
  well , that was fun . 
  christmas in london , but still not on the internets . 
  wake up sheeple, 
  but he got # 252,500 anyway - inflammatory headline . 
  it 's eroding my faith in reddit, 
  up modded for saying redundant twice . 
  and for repeating redundant . 
  [ `` it just works '' ] ( http://www.apple.com/getamac/works.html ), 
  you can tell by the pixles, 
  such a heated debate . 
  lol, 
  except to , you know , get youtube working . 
  off said of what you 've been playing . 
  you can tell by the letters . 
  safari cheats by firing onload early - which it why it reports as being fast . 
  you can tell by , the , eh , plastic . 
  it was a great oak, 
  goldseek . 
  nice un-biased source there . 
  sheeple ? 
  well , i certainly applaud anyone wanting to hijack 100 centre-midfielders , but take it from this old hijack rat , i 've spent my entire adult life hijacking centre midfielders , and a attempt like this can do more harm than good . 
  if you only hijack one part of the political spectrum ( and that 's all a single poll like this is going to do for you ) , you 're setting yourself up for injuries down the road . 
  i 've seen it a hundred times . 
  it 's like putting a powerful engine in a stock toyota tercel . 
  what will you accomplish ? 
  you 'll blow out the drive train , the clutch , the transmission , etc. , because those factory parts are n't designed to handle the power of an engine much more powerful than the factory installed engine . 
  centre mid hijacks basically only train the centrists and to some extent , the republicans . 
  what you really want to do is hijack everyone 's polls , all the major news groups ( nbc , abc , fox , bbc , nyt and msnbc ) at the same time , over the course of a campaign . 
  and do n't forget your fundie-baiting work !, 
  i 'm proud of you guys wanting to do this . 
  three cheers !, 
  falling in love with hijacking polls , eating right , etc. , is one of the greatest things you can do for yourself . 
  and you will fall in love with it if you can just force yourself to stick with it a year or two and experience the amazing progress you 'll make . 
  but do it right , okay ? 
  my advice , find a social network , with polarized users who will spam your polls for you ( especially in the beginning , until you get the hang of it yourself ) and guide you in your quest for data skewing . 
  thirty to 45 minutes a day , three days a week , is all you 'll ever need to do ( i refuse to believe anyone is so busy that he or she can not make time for that , especially considering how important it is ) . 
  and do n't worry about being embarrassed or not being in shape the first time you post a link . 
  you have to start somewhere and almost every one of us were there ourselves at one time . 
  so no one will say anything to you and very , very quickly you will progress way beyond that stage anyway . 
  now get out there and do it !, 
  i think the penny 's dropped . 
  ergh , truthers . 
  i really do n't see why you 'd count it any other way than by gold first . 
  except perhaps adding in the gold per population thing . 
  i was watching a piece on the bbc and when i got in one little fight and my mom got scared, 
  and said `` you 're moving with your aunte and uncle in bel-air '' . 
  i whistled for a cab and when it came near the licensplate said `` fresh '' and had a dice in the mirror if anything i could say that this cab was rare but i thought now forget it , yo home to bel-air, 
  i pulled up to a house about seven or eight, 
  and i yelled to the cabby `` yo , home smell you later '' . 
  looked at my kingdom i was finally there, 
  to settle my throne as the prince of bel-air . 
  well , i liked it . 
  breaking : blindly installing any software can have dangers . 
  reddit , we 've been through this . 
  you ca n't trust the daily mail . 
  i 'm a fan, 
  what ? 
  flash is a plugin - nothing to do with browsers really . 
  someone should make a gui in visual basic to track all the one-liners . 
  so once they 're no longer on the web , they 'll take off . 
  the choice there was voting against it and being outvoted anyway or voting for a more mild version of it . 
  compromises - grow up . 
  `` okay , this always bugs me because people are too insular to see what he 's really saying . '', 
  to see what he 's really saying ? 
  really ? 
  he 's a politician not a libertarian prophet . 
  on uk keyboards its the \\ button next to ` z ' . 
  good times , i suppose . 
  netbeans has a pretty rad rails/ruby ide, 
  in the uk we currently have the exact same tick-box on our driver licence forms . 
  if it was n't so incredibly slow and could actually manage music ( no auto sorting , really ? ), 
  then i 'd use it over mediamonkey . 
  $ 20 for lifetime updates on a program you 'll use every day - hardy wallet emptying . 
  well , if it 's your job - perhaps take 20 mins out to learn it ?
