  `` my only regret is that i have but one upvote to give . '', 
  `` to the top ! '', 
  some people have bad hair - i do n't see how that 's hard to understand . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/donald_trump ) has band hair , for example . 
  the co-op is nice . 
  good job no one listens to you , then . 
  there was a thing not too long ago called pier-to-pier ( ha ! ), 
  that was a open wifi network along the beach . 
  my office still has one of the over-sized antennas for it . 
  oh , give it a rest . 
  both the dems and the republicans are to the right of the center in virtually every western democracy . 
  the us is n't the world . 
   dems and republicans are both leftists, 
  but they 're not . 
  they 're far to the right !, 
  obama , for all your screaming that he 's some sort of socialist , would be considered a moderate on the right in europe . 
  we 're not going to settle right vs left , authoritarian vs libertarian here but you 've got to accept that you 're definition of a successful society is n't the same as everyone elses . 
  you ca n't go around claiming everyone to the left of ron paul is some sort of oppressor . 
  high tax , high regulation norway has the best standard of living in the world . 
  low tax , low regulation somalia - not so much . 
  removing government is not the answer to all life 's problems . 
  the fuck ... 
  absolutely , if you 're not going to compare features then theres nothing to say, 
  is any different from a full rails stack . 
  from what i know , people just lost interest in keeping it going . 
  according to the people at my office a fella called richard grimwood organized the whole thing . 
  this guy perhaps : http://twitter.com/#!/richardgrimwood, 
  as nice as it is to spit out json and have the client render things , you still need an indexable page and you ca n't write a page that the google bot can read in javascript . 
  this is silly . 
  well , then - the sun must also logically be setting on non-application sites . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  you can mitigate this with hashbangs or html5-ey url pushing . 
  whats the alternative ? 
  munging strings together ? 
  i 'm not sure what user you 're running as but, 
  fileutils.copy _ file ( src , dest , : preserve =  true ), 
  will cause the permissions of src and dest to be the same . 
  can you paste the output of, 
  on that directory after you 've run the script ? 
  the difference is - one is a framework and one is a language . 
  the framework is an order of magnitude easier to fix . 
  well yes , but guarding against this in active record ( which is one of many orm 's which can be used by rails ) will be very different than guarding against a broken language feature . 
  rails is not ruby . 
  my point is , if you were going to write code that 's vulnerable to an sql injection then you 'd also probably end up doing this . 
  there 's only so much hand holding a framework developer can do before we have to decide that people should have a vague understanding of shit they deploy . 
  who the fuck is this guy ? 
   a wrong type in a dynamic language is a bug . 
  hence , correcting the type = = correcting the bug = = debugging . 
  only if you want it to be :, 
  def make_a_noise !, 
  end, 
  end, 
  def make_a_noise !, 
  end, 
  end, 
  [ dog.new , duck.new ] . each { | a | a.make _ a_noise ! }, 
  duck, 
  now do that in as many lines in a static language . 
  performance for who ? 
  the computer ? 
  the programmer ? 
  it 's a rocket , dammit . 
  could be worse . 
  could be prolog . 
  about 13c and a bit rainy . 
  it 's been a bit dry this winter and we 're on drought alert . 
   the parser should also shorten repeated characters ( `` looooooooooool '' -  `` looool '' ) to reduce duplicate entries in the dictionary . 
  you might want to look at [ stemming ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stemming ) . 
  i wonder if there is a library that 'll be able to stem something like v1agra =  viagra . 
  since you 're using python - take a peak at the [ nltk ] ( http://www.nltk.org/ ), 
   a doctor might need to write about viagra in an email, 
  i do n't think you 'd need to worry about this on youtube . 
  afaik you want to minimize duplicate tokens which we could consider the same so as to increase the affect of those token - spammy or not . 
  perhaps you 'd even want to go as far as changing any link to be [ url ] on the basis that posts with links are more likely to be spam . 
   it 's a matter of where you draw the line . 
  i completely agree . 
  i suppose i 'm discounting too many of the things that we would think of as hallmarks of spam by being very aggressive with the stemming . 
  on the other hand , i do n't know if the large ` surface area ' of stem words in youtubish would mean it 'd be hard to get any sort of decent accuracy with op 's training set of ~ 3000 . 
  i like the idea of adding new words . 
  perhaps even something like account age in months could be considered . 
  i had n't read that graham essay before , thanks . 
  i know right , $ 10 a months for legal streaming music everywhere . 
  what a rip off . 
  and on the right hand side : look !, 
  katy price half naked !, 
  so , not an urban legend then . 
   queen will probably be more inclined to give if she does n't lose her position, 
  she does n't get a say . 
  well yes , technically she could refuse to sign the bill but it 'd be a very quick way to get the monarchy dissolved . 
  the last time royal assent was not given was 1707 . 
  it 's a ceremonial rather than political power and the queen has no say in what she signs . 
  this is an article about how samsung , a phone manufacturer , has broken your heart by releasing a phone you did n't like . 
  * broken your heart . 
  you people are fucking ridiculous . 
  every time you shop at amazon , who do n't pay taxes , or tesco who pay below minimum wage , you 're endorsing the subsidization of those companies by the tax payer . 
  while i 'm sure there 's cost savings to me made by running everything at an industrial scale there 's a good portion of their profit that comes from the using the resources society provides without paying for them . 
  i 'm not an apple fanboy , but i am a programmer and i need full unix goodness . 
  the thought of trying to run ubuntu on a dell laptop is n't a pleasant one . 
   but there should be merit in technical achievement . 
  well , then you 're an engineer .
