  it 's what hon does, 
  i test as a development aid , more than anything . 
  short code feedback cycles and the glorious feeling of developing a feature without going near the browsers refresh button is reason enough to test . 
  unless you 've got an orm using sql in any type of application is fundamentally ugly . 
  you 're forced to mash strings together . 
  it 's gross . 
  it 's so hard being white . 
  just hope you 're not male either , or it 'd be the double wammy of oppression . 
  i think we should have a whip-round, 
  so , lets have some more layers of bullshit !, 
  yay !, 
  depends where you 're from . 
  in the uk msn was by far the biggest network . 
  all him running as an independent does is split the vote . 
  it 'd just be nader all over again . 
  i understand your frustration - but it 'll just be handing ted cruz or he 's ilk the keys to the whitehouse . 
  why are your eggs so white ? 
  it 's unnerving . 
   ` you ca n't say anything about immigrants . 
  all these eastern europeans , where are they flocking from ? ', 
  what is something you wish you could say but are prevented from saying ? 
  it 's something every one of us does every single day . 
  what exactly is your problem with the concept ? 
  give me an actual example . 
  i ask because i think we need to come to the point that , imo , free speech just ca n't be an absolute . 
  once we accept that it ca n't be an absolute then we 're left trying to decide what the line should be . 
  i think there 's got ta be a pretty big [ citation_needed ] over that claim . 
  freedom of speech , much like any other freedom , clearly and obviously has limits . 
  i can not move over any land that i like . 
  i can not own anything i like . 
  i ca n't physically do many things legally . 
  why is speech the exemption here ? 
  if you 're just going to talk in libertarian cliches then there 's no point, 
  yeah , i see that . 
  the problem with a libertarian approach to speech is that it replaces ( what i consider to be ) a happy moderation with mantra . 
  free speech is the foundation of a free society ? 
  fine - give me more evidence than an absolutist statement . 
  news just in - people have accents, 
  what 's next ? 
  a passage from an ayn rand book ? 
  just saying freedom of speech is _ the most _ fundamental of rights does n't make it so . 
  a powellite is a racist, 
  i remember , for a while when i was about 9 , it was quite a slight to be called a [ ` test tube baby ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/in_vitro_fertilisation ) . 
  yeah - looking back i 've got no idea how it could be an insult . 
  `` let 's all go to tesco 's , where x buys their best clothes '', 
  i think in terms of dynamics , yes . 
  the tea party are to the right of the republicans as ukip to the tories . 
  the tea party does well in ` off year ' elections - see the 2010 us elections . 
  as does ukip in the eu elections . 
  the tea party drags the republicans to the right as ukip also does to the tories . 
  i suspect that like the tea party , ukip will ( and have ) make a lot of noise but end up depriving their end of the political spectrum of a majority . 
  that card really needs to be a 4/8, 
  function makemoreagressive ( ) {, 
  if current_agression < 10, 
  current_agression = current_aggression + 1, 
  if you did n't have the same check on the makelessagressive to check for a 0 that 's how you 'd get the roll over, 
  and lol does n't ? 
   it felt like a children 's show . 
  i mean , come on . 
  star wars has always been a childrens show, 
  pretty sure you could make a similarly gruesome list about the lion king . 
  so you drive through bradford and you do n't like it . 
  it does n't meaningfully ~ ~ effect ~ ~ affect you in any way , you just do n't like seeing brown people ? 
  edit : proper british grammer, 
  it was a question , not an accusation - so no need to get pissey with me . 
  this is why it 's hard to take kippers seriously . 
  either come out and say you 're a racist shitbag or defend your prejudices . 
  ** edit : i mean , you 've completely edited your comment . 
  it could mean anything , yeah . 
  it does n't , however . 
  commenting on ( another ) ukip article and complaining about places ` turning out ' like bradford leave very little doubt as to what he 's talking about . 
  well , yeah . 
  fine . 
  i 'm sure he was talking about the state of the bus lanes . 
  the bit that he edited out, 
  quite calm too . 
  they never lose their heads . 
  why would it be signed ? 
  so , what happens when they all die ? 
  a great inheriting ? 
  will there be anything left to inherent ? 
  ah yes , ensuring gay people are n't victimized for being who they 're born to be . 
  fucking progressives . 
  why does it bother you what people do in their bedrooms ? 
  why do you feel the need to attack it ? 
  well it clearly does - it takes a special kind of ` not bothered ' to go out of his way to be insulting and regressive . 
  i do n't know why i 'm arguing with someone tagged as a neo-reactionary - 2edgey4me, 
  the prayers and tears of arthur digby sellers - against pollution, 
  if you define good as satisfying some sort of blood lust, 
  so , because you do n't like some things your taxes are spent on the whole thing is pointless ? 
  so , the current system then ? 
  wow, 
  i 'd do it again, 
  they 'd be less successful . 
  it 's much easier to blame a foreigner than it is to blame a bank . 
  the council is having a bad time , but lucas is very well liked locally . 
  edit : reply was for op , sorry, 
  i wonder if you 'd paint yourself as a centrist ? 
  demonising the ` other ' . 
  that 's not like the right .
