  bloody immigrants , coming over here , driving on our roads . 
  i really do n't see how the strikes are their fault . 
  the merge with hove caused issues with pay differences between what was a hove and what was brighton bin services . 
  there 's no money , so people got pay cuts rather than pay rises . 
  the union is rightly pissed off and the council has no money to sort it out . 
  what 's to be done ? 
  that 's nonsense . 
  there are clear benefits to allowing affordable commuting even if you 're not one of those commuters . 
  i do n't drive , but i do n't complain about having to pay taxes for road maintenance . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not sure you can completely mark fuel tax as a gift from the motorist . 
  there are significant secondary costs which also need to be paid for . 
  i ca n't find any data for the uk , but this is interesting . 
  caroline lucas has been an excellent mp . 
  she deserves my vote again . 
  as opposed to your bullshit right wing agenda ? 
   a big state makes a recovering economy stop recovering . 
  the keynesian multiplier disagrees with you, 
  can you not see the agenda in the sentence you 've just written ? 
  you 're not challenging anything by yelling that it 's ` bullshit ' . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  brighton is a city full of slightly younger and more liberal people than many other parts of the country and you 'll find strong support for the greens . 
  those that do n't like the greens , are super upset about the bins , and do n't like the driving restrictions are less likely ( i 'd wager ) to vote green anyway . 
  she certainly would n't have won the 2010 election as an independent and i think she 'd be slightly less likely to keep her seat as an independent in may . 
  most rentals will end up on rightmove pretty quickly but there 's usually a slight delay in getting from the agents computer system to rightmoves as most agents tend to send an update to rm and zoopla once a day . 
  some agents withhold the data from rightmove a little longer as they 'd rather push traffic to their own websites . 
  best thing to do is get in contact with a bunch of agents around where you want to live . 
  the good ones will add you to their call list as soon a new house is available . 
  source : i build software for these people . 
  is that not true of every country and every capitol ? 
  i suppose when you kippers are polling at about 12 % you 've got to pretend it 's a significant about of people . 
  you 've clearly not played dota . 
   children are not the property of the state to brainwash and indoctrinate how they wish, 
  i do n't see how there 's a moral difference between parental brainwashing and state brainwashing . 
  i 'd also suggest that by ` brainwashing ' you mean education . 
  is there a fact or outcome based objection here or is it just daily mail ` child innocence ' bullshit ? 
  in all honestly , i suspect that a tory government would eventually leave to a better economy - they 're right to push for lower taxes in that case . 
  but , i 'm not sure economy is the thing to optimise for above all other concerns . 
  especially when things like gdp can easily mask massive inequality . 
  there are always going to be a few people who go too far . 
  as a ( i presume ) kipper , i would have thought you 'd be quite forgiving of the odd person stepping over the line . 
  yes , the left has been trying to argue it 's point on the rights terms for far too long . 
  why would you think that by elections are any indicator , when they 've never been before ? 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  yes , everyone who 's rich works hard . 
  everyone who 's poor is lazy . 
  that 's totally how the world works . 
  muh freedums, 
   chasing girls and bantering, 
  i take it you made a racist joke and it did n't go down to well . 
  #ladsladslads #topbants #bishopofbanterbury, 
  i 'm sure things that are essential ( read : things op likes ) are a-ok . 
  i do n't understand the fuss about this . 
  infighting in a local branch of a party - shocking . 
  oh , it 's about muslims ? 
  get the pitchforks and the nigel masks . 
  i do n't really understand what you mean by hard core gaming . 
  if you mean playing it to a professional level then i 'd have to say it 's most definitely not unhealthy . 
  watch the documentary ` free to play ' - it might change your mind . 
  if by hardcore gamer you mean someone who playes games as they 're default mode of entertainment then i do n't t really see the difference between that and watching tv or reading a book as a thing you do when you 're you have nothing else to do . 
  from what you 've said i think you 've got an antiquated view of what most people who like games above other forms of entertainment do . 
  it can be incredibly social - most people play online and most of those people , i 'd wager , play with good friends . 
   huge subsidy to the south east hb is, 
  are you suggesting london does n't more than pay it 's way ? 
   i believe the incentive to invest still remains ; that is to acquire a source of income . 
  that incentive is harmed when holding onto the money itself has the ability to earn ( the equivalent ) of more stuff, 
  or maybe they 're just idiots . 
  the uk response to ebola is something to be proud of and came out of this budget . 
  sierra leone had it 's heath care profession gutted and the uk , france and the us stopped a pandemic becoming endemic . 
   were eliteist . 
  we 're . 
  if you live here , and you feel like calling yourself british , you 're british . 
  worrying about this sort of stuff is the mark of an insecure country , imo . 
  these guys are a fucking embarrassment, 
  so much world of warcraft . 
  on a 5200 !, 
  would a living wage as a minimum wage not sort this out ? 
  you 'd remove the competitive advantage of an immigrant ` willing to work for less ' ? 
  that 's why i specified a living wage . 
  we 're talking about not being able to afford to live in london - a living wage , by definition , allows that . 
   everyone 's wages are affected by increased labour pools . 
  that 's only half true . 
  a persons wages are a function of the labour pool of comparatively qualified workers - not the total labour pool . 
  a kipper longing for the days of empire . 
  shocked . 
   giving india away, 
  you talk like it was ours to give . 
  the indian people , rightfully , took it back . 
   i think you grossly overestimate the desire for independence among the indian population, 
  which is irrelevant . 
  we had and have no legitimate claim to control a subcontinent half a world away . 
  since you 've studied indian history so extensively , i 'm sure i do n't need to point out all the absolutely reprehensible things done in the name of the empire . 
   individuals make far more effective decisions about spending their own money than government departments do . 
  got a source for that ? 
  as a man i 'm certainly sick of being institutionally repressed . 
  when will politicians think of white middle class men ? 
  is that not just the old class issue ? 
  wait , are you saying student politics is a bit nutty ? 
  quick , call the news at 10 with this great revelation and feigned outrage .
