  you 'll typically want power couples to breed more than once - it all depends on your implementation . 
  perhaps you could pad the encoding of members to a fixed length to make life easier ? 
  why ? 
  those people with a lower mpg are causing more harm to society so they should be taxed more . 
  kind of looks like a hotel room . 
  a glorious split vote on the right and a labour majority . 
   it was ** colonialism ** that has given our country such great wealth . 
  ftfy, 
  this is what i do n't understand . 
  conservatives would like a tax cut and would like benefits to be slashed . 
  in most cases benefits are delivered as tax credits - this is basically a targeted tax cut . 
  under the new plans from ids , a working nurse is going to be left # 500 a year worse off as his tax credits are reduced . 
  does the nurse deserve an effective tax hike while the middle income ` aspirational ' gets a tax cut ? 
  this guy is mad . 
   good scores mean that you are smart, 
  good scores mean that you 're good at getting good scores . 
  shell makes a profit of [ # 2,000,000 an hour ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2012/feb/02/shell-profits-up-54-percent-oil ) . 
  the shouty american might be right about violent crime being higher in the the uk . 
  but he neglects to mention that the rate of violent crime in the uk which end in death is a whole bunch lower . 
  in 2011 there were 551 homicides in the uk , and 16799 in the us during 2009 . 
  feel better now ? 
   kids took acid, 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  they 're not meant to be the final solution - they 're meant to be part of the energy mix . 
  wtf ? 
  by being a grown up about it ? 
  if you 're planning on staying with this girl then you need to accept that her past is part of what makes her her . 
  you 're confusing free speech with a free platform . 
  the ukip people can say whatever they want , but no one is obliged to broadcast it , especially when the party has never had an mp . 
  yeah , those fucking hipsters . 
  listening to music you like , coming late to the party . 
  you were listening to it first !, 
   tv series of all fucking time . 
   top gear, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  oh get over yourself . 
  you 're not an oppressed minority , you 're not fighting against the hivemind . 
  the greens have a much better claim to a debate position . 
  i think i remember those . 
   the public are perfectly capable of making decisions . 
  have you seen who the prime minister is ? 
  hey , look everyone !, 
  a racist !, 
  now tell me how many of those people are poor . 
  you ca n't see the forest for the trees . 
  active x ? 
  it was before my time , but i do remember hearing that activex was a big old scary security nightmare . 
  i 'd like to know how this is different . 
  they need to open at night . 
  i know what i 'd choose when given the choice between a 2am kebab/subway/pasty, 
  well , maybe he should n't try and be a builder then ? 
  and should we ever leave we 'd become the most sovereign and most isolated backwards little island . 
  if your time is free , yeah . 
  that font, 
  that 's a pretty broad question . 
  not to push my own blog , but i wrote something about this : http://14lines.com/blog/2011/07/19/generative-art-part-1/, 
  have you been to northern europe ? 
  i 'm not really sure how it could be any easier . 
  install ruby , gem install passenger , follow the on screen instructions , upload your project , bundle , done, 
  i think some inspiration should be taken from the tmbg wiki , it 's a great example band wiki . 
   charisma, 
  any the other two main party leaders do ? 
  this might seem like a silly question - but what 's the benefit of core data over just syncing a sqllite file ? 
  `` a man can surely do what he wills to do , but can not determine what he wills . '', 
  use aokp then , it 's pretty much stock . 
  til , 150 million people are selfish because this guys wife is . 
  or something ... 
  a civil partnership is not marriage . 
  so no , gays could n't be married . 
   the difference was in name only . 
  not quite , let 's pretend you 're right . 
  what 's the objection then ? 
  is it just that you do n't want the word ` marrage ' used ? 
   my personal stance was that it should have gone to a referendum, 
  you do n't vote on rights . 
  they 're fundamental . 
  i 'm afraid you and the rest of the chinless right are going to have to keep having this debate . 
  if the far right wants to run the country they 're going to have to explain why it 's ok to have second class citizens . 
   okay , then i suppose yo recognise my right to oppose the redefinition of marriage ? 
  actually i do n't . 
  i do n't think you have the right to tell someone else that you think they should have less rights than you . 
  i think it 's oppressive . 
  your rights end where someone else 's begin . 
  you can hold whatever warped opinion you like but using that right to stop a good percentage of the population from being treated equally under the law just is n't on . 
   please explain how proposing a referendum of the people to decide the future of marriage fits in to this . 
  can we have a referendum on interracial marriage too ? 
  just to be on the safe side . 
  to have a referendum is to imply that you 're fine with the oppression of gays by a majority . 
  aint no staw men here , son . 
  it does n't matter which way the vote went . 
  to have a referendum is to put someone 's fundamental right into question . 
  bloody fascists , coming over here , taking all our joy . 
   no one is hired against their will . 
  voluntary action is the root of free expression . 
  food is not a voluntary purchase, 
  name a county , that 's not 16th century england , where it 's not done via a goverment, 
  sure . 
  but for those modern businesses to be viable we need schools , roads , water , electricity , a legal framework . 
  all of this is socialised , quite rightly , and costs money . 
  and those food stamps are paid for by ...
