  lol, 
  `` actually , apple computers have been relatively greener than dell for many years . 
  however they have n't been making this public until green peace got on their case for not having a recycling program in place . 
  ( which is somehow better than having entirely unrecyclable computers with a `` recycling '' program in place . ) '', 
  [ citation needed ], 
  like some sort of combustion engine ? 
  genius ... 
  then tesla should n't have based it on a track car . 
  lol, 
  oh , really ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom#religion - `` the 2007 tearfund survey [ 138 ] revealed 53 % identified themselves as christian '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states#religion - `` according to a 2007 survey , 78.4 % of adults identified themselves as christian '', 
  take the wifi away and leave these cretins to fester in their own ignorance . 
  this always bugs me . 
  science is not a ` belief ' because it does not ask you to assume knowledge based on things that are not testable or things that you can not know . 
  life after death ? 
  science does care . 
  gods will ? 
  science does n't claim to know it . 
  the default scientific position is that something is n't there until we know - provably - that is it . 
  i see you 're tying to launch a nuclear arsenal , would you like help with that ? 
  rubbish - the big bang theory is the obvious conclusion that one would come to after observing red shift . 
  and what does flip 3d do ? 
  everything in the universe is moving away from a single point ( a demonstrable fact ) - which would lead us to assume that there is a single point of origin . 
  yeah , we do n't understand it , but we 're using the scientific method to come closer to comprehending the universe every day . 
  i 'm afraid `` magic man did it '' is n't really an explanation . 
  no one understood germ theory 2000 years ago , and people died young and painfully - in their millions . 
  we now understand germ theory and the global life expectancy is higher than ever . 
  we made a lot of shit assumptions and mistakes on our way but slowly we 've got better and better - to the point of erradicating things like smallpox . 
  to settle for `` god did it '' when we do n't know something is at best dull minded and at worst immoral . 
  i 'm sure it 's the only way . 
  php is a ugly clusterfuck but it 's a nice language to learn first because :, 
  1 ) it 's really easy to deploy, 
  2 ) c , java like syntax, 
  3 ) there 's lots and lots of help avalible, 
  4 ) the docs are really nice, 
  when you start to feel comfortable with the ideas you can branch out into something less discusting . 
  who the hell follows a cooperate blog ? 
  people use twitter to talk to people in europe . 
  i bet i could fuck up 100 memes, 
  i was just a little sick in my mouth . 
  fuck green on black . 
  lol, 
  lol, 
  to you !, 
  and if it 's not in the repo ? 
  this shit again ? 
  seriously , if you ca n't do css go get a job on a help desk . 
  north korea ? 
  ` england is also one of the top ten countries that love america ', 
  pft . 
  this one 's really good : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0, 
  might check it out . 
  * a day passes *, 
  back to opera then ... 
  good, 
  if only diana was here !, 
  ending a sentence with `` so '' and then a slight nod . 
  arrested development . 
  3.5 series of fun . 
  or in opera , hold left click . 
  once nice weekend in london ... 
  it 's the api . 
  anyone can set up a server that can post to twitter - so the only way to block twitter would be to block the entire internet . 
  you 've made a terrible mistake . 
  really like my bb storm . 
  the stock firmware , .78 , is pretty terrible . 
  i know vodafone uk just updated to .141 which is better but still lame . 
  the last release from rim , .151 , is by far the best - fast and battery efficient . 
  try the forums on crackberry.com and have a scout around for .151 ( if you have a 9500 ) . 
  updating is just a matter of installing the desktop software and plugging in your phone . 
  let me know how it goes . 
  i can tell , by the pixles , that this actually happened . 
  make some sperm one day , grow a womb in a box the next . 
  everyone is useless eventually . 
  bit of context :, 
  cheesy chips . 
  do n't get so fired up, 
  get a pedelo and go on lake geneva . 
  get mediamonkey , it makes it so much easier . 
  censorship ... especially when privately owned site x wont publish exactly what some random / b / tard decides is internet issue of the week . 
   it 's more like the opposite : not drinking is a sign of strangeness . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  php , yeah it 's a mess - but you can get going really quickly . 
  was sitting in burger king a few weeks ago . 
  out of the blue some old geezer comes over : `` getting old is shit '' . 
  then he walks off . 
  saw that too , flew over my office . 
  london 's calling . 
  land of the free . 
  i 've got lots of time for a good romantic comedy . 
  did you see 500 days of summer ? 
  and it 's still emerging . 
  languages , like morals , change over time . 
  get over it . 
  ha , same here . 
  ` lmnop ' was one letter for a while, 
  another crap pun thread . 
  high fidelity . 
  good film , great book .
