  what the hell is going on there ? 
  i 'm if going to be looking at this 8 hours a day then a little effort could go into not making a fairly critical part of the object model actively ugly . 
  of course i get it . 
  but it 's ugly - and we can do better than that . 
  i 'm going to sound like a ruby person here , and that 's ok , because i am . 
  a programming language is an interface between you and a computer . 
  most of the time we , as programmers , try to create interfaces to our products that are as nice as they can be - because it makes our users happier . 
  it should follow , then , that we should also extend the same care to user interface that we do in the consumer world to the world of programming . 
  now , python is a lovely language - it 's similar to my person favorite , ruby , in lots of ways but also has some fairly large differences . 
  reading through the comments here , ruby gets a lot of stick for it 's culture of monkey patching but that culture allows us to write this . 
  5 . days.ago, 
  from what i understand , python folk appreciate python because there tends to be only one way to do something and that way is often pretty clear . 
  it does , however , have some pretty large syntax warts - as i was pointing out above . 
  it 's a bit of a cheche to get into programming religious wars , so i 'm trying to avoid that . 
  both languages are great from a user interface perspective but both certainly have their problems . 
  but at least it 's not java , right ? 
  i 'd like to know what 's wrong with being a music elitist . 
  i know , right . 
  it 's shocking - shocking - that people want to talk about the music that they like . 
   farting and giving a philosophical reason as to why its art does n't make it art . 
  neither does technical skill . 
  i refuse to join any club that would have me as a member . 
  is there a github for the project up yet . 
  if we can maintain a list of tickets to work on i 'd be more than happy to do a few and make a pull request . 
  well , thats dissapointing . 
  the uk has one of the oldest democracies in the world . 
  the monarch lost all but ceremonial powers in 1689 . 
  jesus , it 's a bit grim , is n't it ? 
  we all know it 's thinly veiled jealousy because they have to deal with [ this . 
  ] ( http://php.net/manual/en/ref.array.php ), 
   pay it no mind , it 's just an unoriginal joke about prolog . 
  indeed , best of luck with prolog though - i found it hard going . 
  quite rightly too . 
  this is the worst idea ever . 
  this has got to stop . 
  large and black - then i let it go a bit cold and chug it . 
  sounds horrible , but it wakes you up . 
  [ introductory playlist ] ( http://14lines.com/mixtapes/sevenlittledolls/ ) , if you do n't know where to start . 
   novice listeners, 
  what ? 
  so i had to buy them , obviously . 
  we do n't pay taxes on the whole of our salary , why should they ? 
  ah , i assumed you meant some sort of [ tax thresholding ] ( http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/rates/it.htm ) . 
  would you rather be a rabbit sized horse or a horse sized rabbit ? 
  i 'd suggest that you 've just broken [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette ) a fair bit more than okpem . 
  specifically , '' ** announce your votes to the world ** '' . 
  no one cares if you go out of your way to avoid memes on the site - and nor should they . 
  theres a downvote button for exactly this reason . 
  i did n't mean to be a dick about it . 
  while i agree that reddit has gone downhill ( most notably post digg ) i 'm very aware that we all look back with rose tinted glasses . 
  reddit was n't that good and a comment about narwhals wo n't be the thing that causes reddit to jump the shark . 
  i 'd rather have a community centered around memes than one that 's prepared to hassle people on the perceived quality of their posts . 
  the only thing worse than a has been is one that goes on about how good things were back in the day . 
  not everything is about you . 
  i 'd second this . 
  write or join an open source project , blog , be visible , and apply for lots of jobs . 
  if you 're an unemployed programmer and after 6 months you have n't got something cool to show for it then you 're doing it wrong . 
  heh , arrogant php developers . 
  you 'd think they 'd be a little shy about it . 
  it depends on how you use it . 
  if you want to use it to read about people then you can do that . 
  if you want to actively participate then you can do that . 
  if you do n't know anyone else there then i guess it 'll be pretty dull - much like a friendless facebook would . 
  you happen to be a karma whore . 
  i 've never really understood what the big deal is about stuff like this . 
  it does n't really mean anything , it is n't technically amazing - but it was done by a famous dead guy . 
  can we just settle on the term ` code monkey ' ? 
  someone needs to get off this guys lawn . 
  i 'm sure he was - but i ca n't really see why that paining in cared for at all . 
  this is the only sensible things i 've seen posted about mongodb here for weeks . 
  depends what course , what uni and how much you put into it . 
  you 're almost guaranteed to have an awesome 3/4 years , however . 
  no need to get in a flap about it . 
  i think it helps that chrome gets advertised on youtube and google . 
  indeed . 
  i find it odd that for a country that has mandated separation of church and state the constitution ends up being treated like and argued over like a religious text . 
  if paul could string together a coherent sentence in a debate , maybe . 
  i 've always found his rhetorical style confused . 
  or , you know , their thoughts on the matter . 
  the general perception would be that men still would n't - so it would n't really change anything . 
   i could care less . 
  argh !, 
  it 'd be nice to be able to afford the bus fare to the job centre ? 
  so if you 're made unemployed you should be forced to move up north ? 
  not if you have to move somewhere where there is higher unemployment or somewhere where there just is n't the sort of work you do . 
  you might be able to move around but some people have families and children and it is n't that simple . 
  `` do n't use javascript !, 
  let 's write an applet ! '', 
  have you seen the musical ? 
  oh god . 
  then you recall wrong . 
  can we stop the pissing contest as to who gets raped more ? 
   please do n't :, 
  announce your votes to the world ( unless it 's drawn on your nub ) . 
  these predictable comments are n't terribly interesting and only contribute to the noise-to-signal ratio . 
  more specifically , please refrain from saying ,, 
  `` upvoted . '', 
  `` upvoted for x. '', 
  `` upvote for you , good sir . '', 
  `` i wish i had a million upvotes to give . '',
