  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  either you want the government to run things or you do n't . 
  if you 're willing to cut out all tax payer funded government operations then that 's fine , if there 's any function that you 're willing to be taxed for then we 're just quibbling over scale and your moral arguments against tax ca n't hold . 
  scandinavian counties routinely out perform other western countries . 
  is it a coincidence that they 're heavily socialised ? 
  well , explain it away then . 
  / u/blakrimson stated that ` the countries that had smaller governments turned out for the better ' . 
  i gave a clear counter example . 
  grow up . 
  either you trust him and you should let him go or you do n't and you should break up with him anyway . 
  it 's the lack of a good debugger that kills me . 
  give me firebug or give me death . 
  an episode of the archers , apparently . 
   americans are still more free than us europeans ( including the french ) . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  depends entirely on your definition of freedom . 
  i 'd agree that the us is has more negative freedom - that is to say , less constraints on behaviour . 
  europe , on the other hand , is more [ positively free ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/positive_liberty ) . 
  either way , it 's a stupid and undecidable metric . 
  you could say the same of the reverse . 
  where does your freedom to pollute a river end and mine to have a pollution free river start ? 
  it 's a legitimate point of disagreement - neither side owns the concept of freedom so calling anyone more or less free does n't mean anything . 
  scotland is in there , the diagonal large white stripe . 
  northern ireland too . 
  sorry , but when did being pro union and pro nationalising carry the same ` extreme ' weighting as being a homophobic , racist right winger ? 
   anti-islam is not automatically racist, 
  eats liberals , gets indigestion . 
  part of me almost hopes they do well . 
  it 's about time the tories had their vote split . 
  and that differs from any monotheistic religion , how ? 
  i get the feeling that your main complaint is that they 're foreign and brown . 
  i see you only want to talk about the new testament since the old one is n't liked so much . 
  i guess freedom to interpret only applies to your white christian brothers . 
   and you wo n't find the subjugation of women, 
  `` let a woman learn in silence with all submissiveness . 
  i permit no woman to teach or have authority over men ; she is to keep silent . 
  for adam was formed first , then eve ; and adam was not deceived , but the woman was deceived and became a transgressor . 
  yet woman will be saved through bearing children , if she continues in faith and love and holiness , with modesty . '', 
  1 timothy 2:11 -15, 
   you wo n't find jesus putting anyone to death actually . 
  or fighting in war for that matter . 
  `` do not suppose that i have come to bring peace to the earth . 
  i did not come to bring peace , but a sword '' matthew 10:34, 
   you wo n't find passage after passage after passage about unbelievers and jews being vile in the bible . 
  he that believeth on the son hath everlasting life : and he that believeth not the son shall not see life ; but the wrath of god abideth on him . 
  john 3:36, 
  i often find it helps to know what your talking about in an argument . 
   i was n't aware the west had bombed eastern europe recently . 
  i guess those history classes were truly wasted on my part . 
  if there 's one way to spot a conservative , it 's a persecution complex . 
  nothing quite like being told by a 4th generation immigrant living in government supported housing that we should tighten immigration control . 
  only on reddit , un = = tyrants, 
  ** edit : try ants ? 
  i 'd bet most of the difference in taste comes from hfc vs sugar . 
  american coke , for instance , is rancid . 
  mexican cola is made with sugar i believe . 
  so , the uk has mexican coke , i guess . 
  better the devil with a split vote . 
  ** so brave **, 
  there was nothing remarkable about the brown/balls deficit . 
  in fact , it was n't much different than the late 80 's thatcher ` boom ' years . 
  if you 're in the us , that is . 
  in the grand scheme of things , it was . 
  in terms of war : 1st golf war , rwandan genocide , ethnic cleansing and nato action in eastern europe just off the top of my head . 
  the soviet union also broke up , which was a pretty big deal . 
  the 1st golf war involved the us, 
  `` i live in a hotel '', 
  `` right then and there in the pet store . '', 
  i did a bit of student radio way back when . 
  if you set the desk up incorrectly you 'd get a very tiny delay in the monitors - it used to make my speech slow to a crawl . 
  germany has a moral wage , the federal courts in germany ruled that any wage lower than 75 % of the average wage or salary for a specific occupation constitutes illegal payment . 
  sweeden has a strong set of labour protections and 70 % + union membership rates - effectively setting a minimum wage . 
  denmark is over two thirds union membership . 
  perhaps it 's because you 're describing my generation , but i ca n't agree with this . 
  it 's the baby boomers who grew fat off the post-war social system , burnt all the oil , bought all the houses , raised fees for education and racked up incredible debts that generation y will live in perpetual austerity to pay off . 
  that 's selfish . 
  nope . 
  the edwardian age was , in pretty much every metirc , worse than what we 've got now . 
  society was more unjust , people died younger - it was shit . 
  you can have all the guns you want - but if the state wants you in prison you 're going to prison . 
  with fine citizens like this , i ca n't think of a single reason for anti-americanism . 
  you do realise the us does n't even give the most aid ( as a percentage of national income ) ? 
  not sure why you would n't look at percentages . 
  but even if you look at actual numbers then the us is n't that impressive . 
  the us gives less , by quite a margin , than the eu does . 
  it must be so hard to be an american on the internet . 
  you have my condolences . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  if you 're noticing people speaking foreign languages everywhere it 's probably just a bit of confirmation bias - it suites you to blame the ills of society on immigration because your a racist peice of shit . 
  happy to help . 
  ca n't be any worse than getting the tube with 10 snotty people in every carriage . 
  i 've been listening to this quite a bit in the past few weeks : http://www.popmatters.com/pm/review/172108-sean-nelson-make-good-choices/, 
  i 'd also give this a go : http://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/15639-family-and-friends/, 
  it 's all a bit hip hop - but if what you like about the mountain goats is the story telling then i think you 'll like it . 
   we were here first !, 
  really ? 
  just to be clear , that 's 0.066666666 % of the population . 
  edit : totally was out by 2dp, 
  the aus gdp is 1.379 trillion . 
  that 's a drop in the ocean .
