* fiiiine . 
  i do n't get how that makes me evil . 
  honestly , the fact that you wish people would go through * endless torture * is really fucked up . 
  and seeing your other comments about me , i 'm not even going to try to continue this conversation . 
  there 's no point in trying to have a rational discussion with someone who calls you so many vile things and threatens you for an opinion . 
  so i 'm guessing something like that happened to someone you know and in that case i 'm sorry to hear that , but do n't shout at strangers on the internet because they have a different opinion . 
  it 's not one that i alone have either , looking at the responses and the fact that euthanasia is a topic that comes up mroe and more often . 
  yeah , i do n't think it 's a dick thing to wish that on someone . 
  life in horrible , constant pain and complete disfigurement is not a life you want . 
  that was the most swedish answer you could have given . 
  i 'll gladly show your women how to drive stick ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you 're right !, 
  he ca n't even multitask !, 
  `` damn , i guess i should have used more wordart on those jihad flyers . '', 
  oh god , this is the alternative vote debate all over again !, 
  i guess we should also shut down all airports , so terrorists ca n't use planes . 
  then demolish skyscrapers so they ca n't blow them up . 
  then restrict public places so that there are never too many people in the same place in case terrorists attack . 
  only then will we be able to look at our society and sigh in relief that the terrorists definitely did n't win . 
  i 'm glad they 're being this careful about potential cases of ebola . 
  i 'm not worried about it spreading to europe or america , but the reason i 'm not is because of precautionary measures like this . 
  yeah , it 's not perfect , but if it can feed more people and reduce the waste of food , surely it 's a good thing . 
  the finnish wildlife also seem more relaxed around people than actual finns . 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  i live not too far away from calais and i 've met a few immigrants who spoke little to no french but very good english , trying to get some money for a train to calais . 
  you got off easy * this time * , japan . 
  there are dozens of them !, 
  `` friends !, 
  take those sheets from my body so that you can put them on this bed i bought for you . 
  and feel free to take my white party hat as well ! '', 
  yup . 
  either she does end up losing the trial and it 'll just raise further outrage in the far-right , which loves to claim they 're being demonised as racists ( at least in france , i do n't know about other countries ) and acts like an oppressed minority , or she does n't and she gets some precedent which will make her and her party harder to condemn if they do say something more extreme . 
  if they play their cards right , it 's a win-win situation for the fn . 
  by the time the police get there , it 's 20-30 minutes too late . 
  they 're only effective after something happens and if it gets reported . 
  their dukes are greek-danish , their royals are german , their cooks are scottish ... is there anyone in england who 's actually english ? 
  and here i thought you guys had at least one redeeming cook !, 
  the opinion of an englishman who is n't gordon ramsay on cuisine is worth nothing . 
  why would georgia get money from us when it 's in the united states ? 
  oh man , that was you ? 
  c'mon guys , be nice to him , he 's one of the last survivors of world war 2 !, 
  he 's an international treasure !, 
  unless he 's someone taking pride in accomplishments he had no part in whatsoever . 
  `` king traveller '' sounds like a badass title until you realise that would probably be a slimy 50-something year old living in a caravan . 
  i 'll be honest , i do n't speak german , nor do i know anything about german politics , so i 'll leave the rest of the discussion to someone else . 
  i ca n't contribute to this anymore . 
  i did n't mention any of that , so i 'm not entirely sure where this is coming from . 
  also , confusing socialism and communism would be like confusing a moderate right-wing party with fascism . 
  countries like france or sweden could be described as `` socialist '' because they have public health care , public schools , etc. 
  that 's leaps and bounds from the ussr . 
  even if you just take a `` normal '' communist regime that does n't end in oppression ( which will never happen ; everyone working towards a common good just is n't possible ) , the comparison still does n't work . 
  the aforementionned countries still have the free market , they still have private companies , the whole shebang . 
  i think your family 's misfortunes have blinded your judgement regarding a whole political movement that possesses a very wide spectrum of opinions and ideals , like every political movement does . 
  it 's a shame , but you 're entitled to your opinion . 
  i just wish you would n't be so quick to compare someone 's use of a common word , or one of the major political movements in europe , to one of the worst political regimes in world history . 
  you 're not doing anyone any favours , especially yourself . 
  i can understand that it clearly left a strong impression on you seeing the other comments you posted , and while i 've never had to deal with this , i know quite a few people that had a grandparent sent to a concentration camp by germany 70-ish years ago , so it 's not the first time i see someone react this way . 
  unfortunately , all the compassion in the world does n't make your definition right . 
  even if we look past the `` stalinist propaganda '' bit , i would n't say it 's exclusively used by left-wing members , at least in france . 
  here the term is mostly used to describe someone who 's at least * very * much right-wing ( not necessarily an extremist or anything , but usually more right-wing than the normal right-wing parties in france ) , and at least 40-ish years old . 
  it 's very much a polite way to say your dad 's a racist without actually saying it . 
  i 've seen a lot of people use it . 
  left-wingers , sure , but also moderates from the right-wing , or people in various parties like the greens , etc. 
  reactionary is a commonly used term in french , and it has nothing to do with `` stalinist propaganda '' . 
  i 'm sorry about what your family went through , but it does n't justify your vision of the word in * this * context . 
  really ? 
  i 'm in the north of france and i would have appreciated it if someone told the clouds to get with the goddamn program . 
  whataboutism is n't changing the topic , it 's changing who the conversation is about . 
  we 're talking about russian propaganda , and the second someone mentions they 're american you went straight to the `` yes , well your country does it too ! '', 
  argument , which is completely irrelevant . 
  and before you ask , yes , the guy who did the same thing about ukraine a couple comments ago was wrong to do it too . 
  while you 're on wikipedia , could you look up whataboutism for me ? 
  look , if we did n't have any gun laws , then the whole bank would have been filled with people have drawings of guns , is that really the sort of world you want to live in ? 
  i do n't think he 'd have the * marbles * to do that . 
  the cashier was actually just bugs bunny , who had heard about the robbery in advance , wearing a fake moustache . 
  what ? 
  if there 's one kind of people we can feel comfortable giving money to , with promises of getting it back , it 's greek politicians !, 
  aaaand you turned this into a needless argument about race !, 
  yaaaaay !, 
  congratulations , you 're officially * that * guy !, 
  as a counter-argument , zimbabwe is n't doing too well right now , and it 's * not * in the eu . 
  yeah , probably . 
  your hatred of the french only brings you closer to us . 
  nobody hates the french more than the french . 
  damn french . 
  they ruined france . 
  please do n't , i 'm about to move there and i 'm pretty sure it would * really * fuck up tons of stuff i do n't have to worry about for now . 
  that 's a lie . 
  we all know we just need more boulangeries . 
  not really , our builders are really slow . 
  oh , i know there are other ways to do this . 
  it 's just that knowing cameron , i can see where this is going . 
   besides , the established methods for tracking already work well enough . 
  well , they can track what 's going on on your computer , but it 's more difficult to determine * who * is using it . 
  if you literally have to tell a website who you are to access it , though , it makes that part of the process easier for whoever is trying to monitor your activities . 
  sounds like the perfect solution for this would be to force people to enter some form of id to get access to porn , which would be a perfect way to easily track someone 's online activities . 
  that 's convenient . 
  would n't it have been cheaper to just buy greece ? 
  a good enough face to put on t-shirts sold in stores for generations . 
  we ca n't talk , but we sure can drunkenly mumble !,
