how 's the general situation in turkey right now ? 
  how does the public feel about this building and it 's cost ? 
  i used to drink half a liter of coffee every morning . 
  like , i 'd have the coffee in my absurdly large cup by 7 , and be finished with it by 7:30 . 
  apparently it 's not healthy . 
  we 'll be meeting behind the sauna very soon ... 
  depends . 
  how much snow would you like ? 
  if you 're not a big fan of snow , summer means `` slightly less snow '' . 
  thanks for only going to scandinavia , and not finland . 
  sweden , denmark and norway are acceptable sacrifices . 
  happy cake day , fellow yurop-person !, 
  shocking , right ? 
  we 're surprisingly high . 
  is it time to meet at the market place again ? 
  ah yes , the language of `` finish '' . 
  it 's special in that you ca n't start speaking it , only stop . 
  that 's because it is . 
  only worse . 
  is n't salatut el\u00e4m\u00e4t still pretty big here ? 
  it 's pure shit , though . 
  as an example , english is taught to everyone in finnish schools . 
  that 's how i learned it , and why i am right now writing it . 
  i ca n't speak a single word of german or french , and neither can many of my friends . 
  english is the logical choice . 
  god i hope putin-senpai does n't notice finland . 
  they always cut out the nordics . 
  always . 
  i 'm thinking kalmar union again , so you can get back to giving us free stuff . 
  some love is just more equal than others . 
  but mr. putin is the macho man !, 
  mother russia crush all enemies with putin in the lead , because mother russia is the greatest of all countries !, 
  shh . 
  just shout `` 6-1 '' and make slightly homophobic jokes about the swedes . 
  trust me , a finn who does n't remember the winter war is n't actually a finn . 
  but the situation is completely different now . 
  trust me , we do n't want to start a war with russia . 
  finland vs russia , we would get crushed in weeks without global help , which would n't happen . 
  depends on where it is set . 
  have one bigger city , then villages and clans spread in the wastelands and forests . 
  big mutated bears stuff to populate the forests , too . 
  honestly , a fallout set in a frozen wasteland would be really dope . 
  even though i was taught it , my cursive is absolute unreadable . 
  it also is n't that much faster for me to write in cursive , so i just use print . 
  jon * snow . 
  and not in the books . 
  who said that ? 
  the usa is praised constantly , and mocked constantly . 
  it 's not a part of the cycle . 
  you better not freaking bring them here !, 
  that would be because they are . 
  stubb is basically shaped like a goddamn ruler . 
  i would n't say that . 
  silly swede has into homosex too much to think clearly . 
  seriously ?!?!? 
  you do n't even live here . 
  you know nothing about whether i 'm right or wrong . 
  i live outside ring-3 . 
  i 've never lived inside ring-3 . 
  i would , just because of how young he seems . 
  upper middle class in finland 's standards . 
  edit : i guess i 'm just poorer than i thought . 
  middle class is apparently more correct . 
  sorry i upset so many of you . 
  the satire writes itself nowadays . 
  this is pretty sad . 
  i mean , using `` christ '' in your vocabulary does n't mean you 're religious . 
  i do it all the time and am not religious at all . 
  man , i feel you . 
  we had a record high temperature ( during december ) recorded , 11 degrees celsius ( 51.8 f ) . 
  people were joking about how our independence day ( 6.12 ) was warmer than midsummer day . 
  i 'm hopeful we 'll have a white xmas . 
  it 's so dark and miserable without snow !, 
  well , ca n't do much skiing nowadays . 
  people do n't sit next to me on a bus . 
  in general , finns give personal space generously . 
  in most cases . 
  it 's actually interesting - today at the gym i noticed , the turkish ( ? ), 
  immigrants give way less space in doorways . 
  it 's not a bad thing , just a subtle cultural thing i think . 
  no actually it tastes exactly like it looks . 
  it has been unusually warm . 
  well , it has been unusually warm during winters for the last few years , i think . 
  the weather is still freezing , though . 
  you should re-read the last few pages . 
  on the plus side , when you get hit with a bottle of jallu , the wound will be disinfected fairly quickly . 
  where did this `` no homework '' bullshit start ? 
  we absolutely do get homework . 
  well now i 'm horny . 
  obviously allowing adults to look at porn means we 're building a brave new world here . 
  look , why would my mum lie to me about this ? 
  why would she be wearing a hijab ? 
  oh please . 
  to be fair , finnish is almost always very different from everyone else . 
  in finnish it 's `` tsekki '', 
  it would have been hilarious had australia won . 
  i 'm using the pelt of the polar bear i killed yesterday as a cape . 
  finland . 
  -28 \u00b0 c just a few days ago . 
  and not the coldest i 've experienced .
