  oil export is only 8 % our of gdp . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/russia_export_treemap.png only 8 % ??? 
  the point is that you have a ridiculous amount of natural resources ( not only oil ) and you still manage to stay such a shit country . 
  ** are you telling me russia is not run by oligarchs and corruption which is robbing the country blind ? 
  [ sadly western-ukraine does n't get a lot of sun . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/europe_sunshine_hours_map.png ), 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_latvia#ethnic_groups latvia went from 200 000 russians in 1935 to 900 000 russians in 1989 down to 520 000 in 2014 . 
  that 's a 380 000 decrease of russians in latvia , on the same time period there 's 150 000 less latvians . 
  so yes , most of it is russian invaders arriving and then leaving . 
  you are a funny guy , with the resources russia has , it could have a development level close to norway , but instead you are a poor petro-oligarchy with limited freedoms . 
  countries that have no resources like estonia , are doing much better , although having a similar starting point . 
  your exports are over 72 % oil and gas , and you still manage to be such a shit country . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  even in corrupt dictatorships built on oil like qatar people have a better quality of life . 
  how are you people so brainwashed that you do n't see how hard you 're being fucked over ? 
  i think i figured it out though , russia has never had a leader that was n't a total asshole , for centuries . 
  you 've never seen how a country should function , you 've never had anything better , so you do n't know to demand more . 
  i feel sorry for you guys , but maybe one day it will change . 
  you do understand that most of the growth from 1950 onward is soviet union moving russians into latvia and most of the decrease 1990 onward are the same invaders going back home ? 
   we track if they are swedish born or not . 
  yeah , this is rather useless though , since norwegians and finnish people etc are also included . 
  i really dislike that name though , it does n't sound nice and it 's too similar to chechnya . 
  first time i heard it i thought it was a joke and was surprised after i googled it , that it was not . 
  what did you mean then ? 
  this does n't mean the people are totally exempt from responsibility . 
  last time i used a train in estonia was something like 15 years ago , i 've been wanting to try out elron , but for the trips i 've made it has been easier to just take the car . 
  national governments represent the will of the people , at least for the most part . 
  i do n't believe eu will federalize any time soon , a lot of countries are completely against it and would rather leave eu than give up their sovereignty . 
  history has shown that people who are undecided usually vote to keep the status quo . 
  til estonia had a train route to moscow and st. petersburg . 
  i 've been to russia twice , ~ 10 years ago and took a bus both times . 
  http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=369_1319920099 ** nsfl ** liveleak title says he 's kurdish . 
  yeah , no invasion here . . map is inaccurate . 
  the police officer just got bored that there was n't much work to do , so he started some on his own . 
  greece is one failure out of a policy that can be considered a huge success in the big picture , there 's romania , estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , slovakia , slovenia etc all who all have had their economies boom , in part thanks to the help of some strategic development aid . 
  the money spent by bigger members is peanuts compared to value of the increased exports . 
   the way it is now , the `` big '' members are n't gaining anything , they are pumping money in the `` small '' members , but do n't really get anything back . 
  except this is completely untrue , the money `` pumped '' into smaller members ( which is n't even a lot of money ) is n't done out of altruism , this money goes mostly into infrastructure , which facilitate trade for bigger members , development aid has helped to create strong economies in the smaller members , who will spend this money on bigger imports from the bigger members . 
  if anything , it 's an investment which is already paying huge dividends . 
  no , it would only benefit the biggest members . 
  go ahead , your economy is doing so well after all already . 
  these statistics wo n't be there , because sweden stopped recording the ethnicity/nationality in crime statistics . 
   now , democratic representation is currently the european parliament , but it lacks teeth . 
  it can not propose legislation , and does n't have much to do with the executive . 
  if the eu project is to proceed , the european population must be more engaged with pan-european politics , and that means empowering the parliament . 
  i just do n't see this happening , smaller countries would be heavily against this , since we would get steamrolled , nobody wants to give up their sovereignty . 
  this is especially true for countries that were formerly occupied by the soviet union , we just got our long awaited independence , we 're in no hurry to give it away . 
  well , the 117th rank for macedonia was from reporters without borders . 
  there are english programmes that are free in most european countries , there are some in estonia as well like `` integrated engineering '' at tallinn university of technology . 
  just have to be a good enough candidate , estonian universities accept based on us sat scores among other things for example etc. 
  https://index.rsf.org/ actually serbia fell 13 places since last year . 
   well , if there were statistics about imprisioned immigrans , or even detentions because of rape , that would be another thing . 
  that 's not the case here . 
  that 's because sweden does n't release statistics like that , all you have is stuff like op posted , so you either forget about it or use the little you have . 
   i insist his corelation is wrong and that graph would show immigrants rape only once . 
  i 'd make a joke about it , if it was n't such a serious matter . 
  correlation ca n't be wrong , it either exists or does n't . 
  obviously it exists here , what you mean is causation and yes , you ca n't draw any serious conclusions from those graphs alone and there might be no causation at all . 
  sadly , sweden wo n't release statistics that would either prove or disprove this . 
  i do n't know if you can truthfully talk about public support if the country ranks 117 . in the world press freedom index . 
  if all people see is government propaganda of course they will eventually have public support . 
  and while it 's nice debt and unemployment has fallen , macedonia is still dirt poor , it did n't get to be dirt poor `` just because '' , there 's some serious corruption and mismanagement going on there . 
  non-partner physical and/or sexual violence is higher in sweden than in finland , only by one point , but still . 
  i 'm not claiming causation here , but from those results it would appear that being a hot destination of immigration correlates with higher non-partner sexual/physical violence . 
  edit : actually i do n't know , in the case of italy it does n't seem to be true , nor austria . 
  it 's hard to draw conclusions without researching the backgrounds more . 
  based on that survey , sweden has the third highest non-partner physical and/or sexual violence in europe . 
  what criminologists are you talking about ? 
  of course this applies to sweden 's rape numbers , but it does n't apply to much else . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf un does n't seem to have any issue compiling these statistics . 
  well that would become a problem should eu vote on sanctioning russia again or any similar action in the future . 
  it 's okay to be friendly with russia , but if you want to be a part of the eu , you need to hold similar values and side with the eu over any third players . 
  i hope the entire balkan will eventually join eu , but at the same time i 'm afraid some of those countries will get engulfed in corruption and russian propaganda and ca n't be `` saved '' . 
  yes , like i said , there are exceptions , but mostly it 's uniform and comparable . 
  he pointed out one inconsistency , if i point out 2 consistencies do i win ? 
  it is n't as ambiguous as you want to think it is . 
  most european countries have very similar definitions for all of those , of course there are plenty of exceptions , but in the big picture , they 're uniform enough to draw meaningful conclusions off the data . 
  what laws are you talking about ? 
  you drive over the speed limit , you get punished and the offence is recorded . 
  you steal a car , you get punished and the offence is recorded . 
  you kill someone , you get punished and the offence is recorded . 
  i do n't know what you 're on about , but unless we get into civil law , the criminal laws are rather uniform across europe , biggest difference is severity of punishment . 
  i do n't agree , the systems are similar enough to make meaningful comparisons , they might not be 100 % accurate , but they 're accurate enough . 
   any decent criminologist will tell you that crime statistics are for domestic use only . 
  laws , methods , the truthfulness of the police and the willingness to report crime vary too wildly between countries for there to be any meaningful comparisons between them . 
  so what you 're saying is that you ca n't make any meaningful comparisons between the nordic countries using those statistics ? 
  nobody is asking you to compare yourself to uganda . 
  how do these victim surveys rank sweden compared to other nordic countries ? 
   just cause sweden use a broader definition it does n't mean that you ca n't compere the results . 
  if you use the raw data and compare it to other countries 's raw data you can still make a comparison with your own definition . 
  that 's what i suggested in my initial post , sadly no such raw data exists for sweden . 
  because trends are only half the picture . 
  how would you know if the amount of rape happening in sweden is way higher than normal , if you have no reference point ? 
  ( not saying any rape is normal , but there 's bound to be some , no matter what you do or measures you take ) this is how you might end up patting yourself on the back since from 30 women out of a 100 getting raped the statistic decreased to 28 out of a 100 , when in other countries it 's actually only 5 out of a 100 and a huge problem just goes unnoticed . 
  of course all countries do n't collect statistics the same way , but you only need some to draw conclusions . 
  collecting statistics in a way that you ca n't compare it to anyone is what 's unwise . 
   immigrants arrive , rape once , and stop doing it . 
  it 's just no fun any more ? 
  maybe because they 're in prison after raping someone ? 
  not suggesting there 's causation in op 's post , but your logic is silly .
