  it has little connection with reality . 
  also , `` actions speak louder than words '' . 
  we might have a lot of people who are still a bit stuck with the soviet way of thinking , but we did pass the law and i believe that 's shows more than anything else . 
  dude , dude , estonia just passed a cohabitation bill like 2 days ago , legalizing same-sex partnerships . 
  so do n't point your finger here . 
  seems to just be someones opinion , but if it has a beautiful graph it ca n't be wrong , right ? 
   i seriously doubt the system can really be called secure as it places too much trust in too many people , and the people operating it are routinely making serious mistakes . 
  the system can be called secure already because it has worked perfectly for 9 years and it is n't getting any worse , what mistakes ? 
   look the researchers up , they 're not nobodies . 
  one of them , harri hursti , has previously demonstrated flaws with other e-voting systems . 
  the estonian e-voting system is nothing like any e-voting system before , since it requires an id-card and a card reader . 
   ok , perhaps not easily , but zero-day vulnerabilities are routinely bought by actors with large amounts of money - such as governments like russia 's . 
  let 's be honest here , did those vulnerabilities affected banks or anything else major ? 
  why would they affect the much more secure estonian system ? 
  vulnerabilities happen to systems that are rather open , do a lot of things , get a lot of different level and type input from sources with very different access . 
  estonian e-voting system is a rather closed system , as it only accepts and returns a very narrow range of input and output . 
   you can make ballots simply cease to exist without notice , with zero evidence of physical tampering . 
  and i 'm the queen of england . 
   sure , client-side malware has its issues if people later check how they voted . 
  this is n't necessarily true for server-side malware . 
  you 're also assuming the malware wo n't lie to them if they check their vote . 
  takes one person to check from another computer that is n't infected ... 
   others too . 
  others who ? 
   they 're clearly actual security researchers . 
  they 're not biased , either . 
  they are critical of e-voting because it is flawed . 
  if they state before any research that it 's bullshit , then they 're biased and when people go as far as openly stating they 're biased before even doing any research , you stop taking them seriously . 
   this is complete rubbish . 
  the system is connected to the internet and runs commodity software and hardware . 
  there may be unpublished zero-day vulnerabilities ( which russia , for example , could easily acquire ) with which to attack the servers . 
  you would n't even need to attack the servers . 
  install malware on citizens ' computers ( an easier task ) to steal some of their votes ( granted , this might be detected ) . 
  mitm the internet connection of the election committee . 
  firstly , `` russia could easily acquire '' is talking out of your ass , prove me they could acquire anything significant or ever have , russias biggest feat so far has been ddos . 
  also assuming these vulnerabilities exist and that the programmers and project leaders and everyone else has n't already thought of this and implemented ways to fight this . 
  but i guess , you know better , right ? 
  malware would be really easy to spot , it would only take 1 person to verify his vote went to the right person and finding out it did n't for the engineers to pick apart his/her computer and investigate the issue , find out the scope and take action . 
   they demonstrated ways to get around the checks . 
  they did n't demonstrate shit , all their demonstrations were debunked by the e-voting comittee . 
  they even made up riddiculous shit that is n't physically possible , like `` making the cd lie about its contents '' , this is horseshit , if you scan the cd bit by bit there 's not a scenario that it would n't be found out . 
  if the 1 's and 0 's are at the same place then it 's physically impossible that it runs different code . 
   yes . 
  that does n't mean these attacks are prevented . 
  this does mean that any attack would n't change our political landscape since the elections can be reheld . 
   not necessarily . 
  if you 're crafty , you can hide it . 
  if you know that little about it , that it 's somekind of magic , where you can go in , edit things and come out unnoticed , then i 'm really wasting my time . 
   of course , but this relies on the manipulation being predicted . 
  what ? 
  there 's always the expection that someone will try to attack the e-elections , although we know it 's secure , there 's still double and triplechecking everything and taking every aspect seriously . 
   the smart attacker wo n't change 100 % of the results . 
  well , to understand why this is unlikely you 'd have to understand our political landscape , but our elections have been won by landslides for quite a while , even before online-elections and the people in power are very anti-russia , the parties friendlier to russia have n't gotten into coalition and wo n't give into coalition for a long while , considering the events in ukraine . 
  at this point , we could completely scrap the 20 % of the votes from e-elections and the results would stay the same . 
  this ofcourse is just a sidenote and does n't reflect the policy and effort behind e-voting . 
  and to finish this off , estonia has one of the best programmers and internet integration in the world , we have n't had a single succesful attack besides ddos , estonia also has one of the smartest people in the world if you consider stuff like pisa tests etc , estonia also is in the top of most freedom indexes and most everything else positive ( except being wealthy , we are n't very wealthy yet ) . 
  e-voting has very strong public support in estonia , because we believe in it and we trust the people behind it and if we support it in as large numbers as this , there is reason to believe there 's a reason behind that . 
  the system has worked for 9 years without a fault , i doubt it will have any problems in the future , but people love to be `` skeptics '' , maybe in another 10-15 years even the harder `` skeptics '' will be satisfied by its security , but we 're not exactly holding our breath . 
  you are free to believe whatever you want as unfounded it might be and we 're free to hold elections online and i do n't see us stopping any time soon . 
   they are the foremost experts on this subject . 
  says who !?!?!?!?!? 
  them ? 
  these guys are only in it to make a name for themselves , they showed their bias long before they even started looking into e-voting , biased research is no research at all . 
   it was n't at all . 
  i read the committee 's response and their paper . 
  the committee has failed to adequately respond , they were quite dismissive . 
  they also misunderstood certain criticisms . 
  what did they misunderstood and what did they dismiss ? 
  also the commitee knows full well that these guys are a joke , so it 's not like they even had any pressure to respond . 
   they demonstrated numerous flaws . 
  they also demonstrated multiple feasible attacks based on the provided source code . 
  plus , no , not all the source is available , with some critical parts ( the client ) missing . 
  that 's very worrying . 
  what , all of their attacks were insidejobs , there 's no way to attack the system from outside , these devices get checked and doublechecked , same way you could tell me a polling booth could swich out the ballot box , how is that any different ? 
   i have at least half a brain . 
  sure , i could n't do it . 
  russia could . 
  the system could definitely be under threat from a state-level attacker with the necessary resources . 
  short of bribing the entire staff it 's impossible and corruption is n't exactly looming in estonia . 
   if you were to read their paper , you 'd see they 've demonstrated some attacks which would n't be stopped by this , by doing a late-stage attack where the counting is rigged , rather than changing people 's votes . 
  do you think they do n't recount the votes again and check them against what the system is displaying to people ? 
  any manipulation would be really easy to find out and there 's always the chance to cancel the results and redo the elections . 
  also any significant change from expected results would cause additional investigation into the results . 
  these guys are a joke , they 've built their entire career around trashing e-voting , they 're biased as hell and all their criticism was throughouly answered and debunked by estonian e-voting commitee . 
  there 's nothing unsecre about estonian elections , the sourcecode is online , if anyone can prove they can hack it , go ahead . 
  until that , shut up . 
  anyone with half a brain who has actually studied how the e-voting in estonia is done understands that someone rigging the online election is as likely as someone switching out ballot boxes . 
  ( read : very unlikely ) you can always overwrite your vote by voting by a paper ballot and you can check your vote later online . 
  any manipulation would be found out rather quickly , when people see that their vote did n't go to who they voted for . 
  i totally agree , you could probably add tens or hundreds of points to that list , i just covered a few . 
  please explain how considering what russia is doing lately , you can say `` fear mongering about the big bad russia ? '', 
  they 're fighting and supporting a war in eastern-ukraine . 
  they kidnapped an estonian citizen off estonian soil . 
  they forcibly seized a lithuanian fishing vessel , they had no reason to seize . 
  they 're constantly violating eu airspace . 
  russia is becoming more authoritarian by the day . 
  etc , etc , etc. . . not acknowledging russia is a threat is very short sighted ... 
  it 's okay , i know americans like to make fun of the soviet union , but for a big part of europe it 's still a very touchy subject . 
  it was n't much better than living in north korea , people mass deported like cattle to siberia where most died , economies got totally fucked , 23 years later we 're still nowhere near where we should be , although it has gotten a lot better . 
  this is like making fun of jews for concentration camps , not funny .
