  not that we 've had much of a choice . 
  but that 's an entirely different thing , eu is n't a federation and is n't exactly asking anyone to join for a long time , countries themselves show interest in joining . 
  so of course the initiative should come from belarus first . 
  i 'm just saying that it would be nice if it did . 
  did you report the comments ? 
  i 've reported two for racism a few hours ago and both are gone as of now . 
  well you should know better , you have a history with them , estonian knowledge about belarus is pretty limited , but they seem nice enough . 
  having belarus eventually join eu would be pretty nice , imo . 
  so use the report button ? 
  instead of crying in every thread about it ? 
  no matter what thread i open i see you and a bunch of the same user names constantly crying `` people have the wrong opinions , / r/europe is so terrible '' . 
  enough . . 
  that cable really stands out . 
  yeah , well at least we learned from that and are fortifying our border with russia . 
  there were very few estonians who were communists . 
  so there was no real fight against them . 
  western powers had a big hand in keeping finland from being occupied by the soviet union after they lost the continuation war . 
  estonia had conscription , full mobilization would 've given us the strength of over 200 000 men . 
  meh , finns pulled it off . 
  we had all done some preparations for this eventuality as well . 
  it also could n't have gone much worse for us than it did , massive casualties and most big cities got bombed to shit . 
  lastly , maybe if we had fought the western-powers would 've put up more of a `` fight '' ( diplomatically ) to let us keep our independence after wwii ended . 
  this surrender gave russia the cover to say that we accepted this . 
  except finland did just that and got to keep their independence . 
  do n't let the vocal minority dictate how you should moderate , it 's the same people constantly complaining while the majority of the people obviously do n't agree with them , as seen by most discussions . 
  thanks , but no thanks !, 
  i 've also never understood the aging population point , importing migrants with vastly different cultural backgrounds will not solve the problem of the number of us declining . 
  it will just replace us with somebody else . 
  `` you are going extinct , but fear not , you will be replaced by people totally foreign to your culture ! '', 
  `` oh , no need to worry then ! '', 
  so you are the same guy as the `` right-in-your-pussy '' or w/e ? 
  what 's the other citizenship , russian ? 
  well the elections are still far away , i doubt this is sd 's peak popularity . 
  as supporting sd will become less taboo in sweden since it has become the biggest party , i think they 'll become much more popular . 
  i think sd has been trying to distance themselves from people like that and just because some idiots support your policies does n't mean your policies are bad . 
  also from this same title , it seems that the biggest number of swedes out of any party do trust them . 
  the guys going around town with metal bars or the guys storing dynamite were in high positions ? 
  yes , comparing sd to kkk after talking about scare propaganda , you are a hypocrite . 
  so because some members are idiots the entire party is rotten ? 
  for example hiding ethnicity of criminals in official statistics . 
  there are idiots in every party , iirc they kicked that member out right away . 
  i think you misread what i wrote . 
  fuck yes , is all i have to say . 
  it 's no secret that most of the popular media in sweden is pretty biased against them . 
  that the previous governments have enacted laws to hide many of the problems sweden is facing that would increase sd 's popularity . 
  and that sd has done some pretty dumb shit in the past , some 20 years ago if i remember correctly ? 
  yet , the swedish people have bitten through all this bs and taking a stance against this . 
  that 's actually how a lot of these organizations operate , they threaten you and tell you to pay , but if you do n't nothing happens . 
  at least i 've heard that about the us . 
  i do n't have much of a clue about denmark . 
  `` an accident '' would completely ruin estonian relationship with russia and that would actually really suck for them , because we can just veto pretty much any agreement that would be in any way beneficial to russia in the eu . 
  it was pretty much public information that he was a domestic intelligence agent . 
  someone who would probably never step foot into russia . 
  he had absolutely no connection to our foreign intelligence agency . 
  yeah , except for those dumb nuclear bombs ... 
  so basically if you consider that over 10 % of uk 's adults are foreign migrants , close to all ethnic english adults are against further migration ? 
  first past the post is not what i 'd personally consider a working democracy . 
  this is exactly my thought , all they did was give it more publicity and get more people to use it . 
  holy shit , were those fines in any way enforceable if they did n't pay ? 
  we have a lot of lynx as well ( even our presidents last name is estonian for lynx ) and a bunch of wolf and bears as well . 
  that 's bizarre , wikipedia says otherwise -  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_forest_area that estonia is second after finland . 
  sure , i agree . 
  i was just stating that the uk porn filter thing is one of my favorites in the silly laws recently enacted field . 
  not saying it 's worse or anything . 
  it 's still really silly in my opinion , who wants to have that kind of a chat with your internet service provider ? 
  how do you explain that to your wife or kids that it 's turned off ? 
  what do people who are 18 + but living with their parents going to do ? 
  seems pretty silly all around . 
   http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/uk-public-opinion-toward-immigration-overall-attitudes-and-level-concern  http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/chapter-3-most-support-limiting-immigration/  http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/majority-germans-reject-immigration-outside-eu-312282 or * maybe * just * maybe * , it could be that the majority of people in europe are against how this issue is currently handled , like ** every single opinion poll ** on it shows . 
  and that reflects in what people upvote and want to discuss ? 
  there is no brigade . 
  my personal favorite from uk are the porn filters . 
  chaos for a few years of going from communism to capitalism , basically rebuilding our country . 
  this is a 2008 graph , these have dramatically improved in the last few years , not to mention the last 7 years . 
  this graph is more than pointless . 
  estonia alone has improved by 8 years in life expectancy since . 
  it hit 30c last wednesday , estonia is the second most forested country in europe and we 're not poor either . 
  guess you 're just ignorant ... 
  uk is the 24th richest country in the world ppp per capita , estonia is 40th . 
  estonia is n't `` very poor '' by any measure . 
  you get scams from estonia ? 
  what have you been smoking ? 
  there has never been a kidnapping for ransom , at least the past 15 years i 've kept up with the news . 
  aside from the occasional drunkards stabbing each other in apartment parties , estonia is probably one of the safest countries in the world . 
   typically through one of two ways - one is selling land ( a lot of poor people own land ) , and another , more common way is that your village/extended family chips in to send you . 
  where do these 18-30 year old men get so much land to sell ? 
  if their extended family has that much to give , they 're probably middle-class . 
  the fact that on most pictures they seem to be wearing pretty nice clothes adds to that . 
  also they 're not coming from any `` villages '' , they 're coming from pretty big cities , no person in a `` village '' can get their hands on that kind of money and can get the connections to contact the smugglers . 
   not really . . you just need to know what kind of skills are in demand . 
  they need to have a job lined up and a bunch of money to prove they can support themselves . 
  then the workplace has to prove that there are no local candidates for that job and then if they 're lucky they 'll get accepted . 
  maybe you 're confusing us with europe , since it is much easier to legally migrate to us , it 's very difficult to legally migrate to eu . 
  how do poor people afford the 2000-10 000 euros for the trip ? 
  i would n't even have that kind of money , although i 'm from a country that 's about 6x richer per capita than syria . 
  also legally migrating to europe is very very hard , you have to be very rich or you have to be very educated or else it 's almost impossible . 
  when did it happen ? 
  that 's actually quite funny and i think finland has enough self-confidence that they would n't get offended . 
  holy hell , for some reasons i thought stuff like this only happens in central \\ south-america and the like . 
  at least not in germany .
