  - want to increase childcare allowance . 
  - equal rights for men and women - against death penalty . 
  well , estonia is the 5th northern-most country in europe . 
  i did n't say all areas , i said most . 
  i do n't really care to shit on latvia , because i like latvia and latvian people , i love positivus and riga , but some people from latvia and lithuania like you get so butthurt just because we 're a bit more popular and that 's kinda childish . 
  the weather is n't much better tbh . 
  paravin with the butthurt again , riga probably has better nightlife , sure , but estonia objectively tops latvia in most areas you 'd care to compare , so it 's obviously a better destination to choose . 
  marketing is a really small part of that . 
  well it 's both , the majority of foreigners in estonia are russians ( most of whom came during the soviet occupation ) , but currently russians are still the biggest group immigrating to the baltics . 
  i can imagine that many things are complicated for you , but rest assured , it 's not very complicated really , estonians and finns come from the same people who branched out to about ten different groups and languages , sadly everyone else but us died out and we are the only finnic people left in any considerable numbers . 
  everybody else in europe except us and hungarians speak indo-european languages which are very different . 
  latvians and lithuanians speak baltic languages which is a subdivision of indo-european languages and are therefor called balts or baltic people . 
  baltic states is correct , people from the baltics works too . 
  baltic people has a different meaning : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts what is that single link supposed to prove , i said `` by most definitions of the term '' , yes you can find some that define it differently , but most do n't . 
   baltic people , mostly lithuanians , make up the organized crime scene . 
  the only real criminals i 've been exposed to in my lucky norwegian life are travelling east europeans who knock on the door to check if anyone 's home . 
  first of all , estonians are n't even `` baltic people '' , we 're finnic . 
  so i have no idea why you 're telling me about some lithuanian criminals . 
  [ the * baltic countries * are n't even in eastern-europe , by most definitions of the term . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe )  i guess i should do as / r/european do with muslims/brown people and start carelessly generalizing . 
  fucking filthy eastern europeans , criminals the lot of them . 
  socioeconomics , pah , not an excuse !, 
  we should deport them all , slimebags and scumfucks . 
  but that 'd be wrong . 
  so i do n't . 
  what does / r/european have to do with anything ? 
  i have n't generalized anyone , so i have no idea what you 're even on about . 
  you 're just spewing some random bullshit . 
  estonians are doing `` the crime '' in norway ? 
  and estonians are professional criminals there ? 
  are you joking ? 
  there is n't a single mosque in estonia . 
  estonia would wipe the floor with ireland , though . 
   by having their party leaders continuously making racist and anti-immigration comments can you give an example about the racist comments ? 
   much of their political aim is to remove anything that they do not consider to be `` traditionally swedish '' from society ? 
  like what ? 
  who or what do they want to remove ? 
  and source ? 
  are you illiterate ? 
  i just said one by one in what areas they are in the top , not `` lower end of things '' . 
  second in assaults and car thefts is `` lower end of things '' ? 
  am i taking crazy pills here ? 
  or are you this daft ? 
  how ? 
  you 're joking , right ? 
   http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf out of oecd members : 10th in robberies 2nd in assaults 5th in burglaries 2nd in car thefts this is what you consider doing fine !? 
  now i feel kinda bad for you ... 
  how else do you ridicule opinions that do n't align with yours ? 
  real arguments are hard to make . 
  sweden democrats are racist nationalist ? 
  sweden democrats are hardly far-right . 
  they would be considered left most everywhere else in the world . 
  what does sweden democrats have to do with racism ? 
  it 's rather incredible how fast they 're growing , although the media is strongly biased against them . 
  it clearly shows that a lot of swedes are very unhappy with the current state of affairs . 
  i think there are big changes up ahead for sweden . 
  you are a silly person . 
  one of the pillars of democracy is separation of powers , if somebody is convicted by the courts for a criminal offence , he has no place in legislative or executive powers . 
  nor in public sector . 
  if anything , it 's undemocratic to let convicted criminals have public positions . 
  in addition to a bunch of other reasons why it 's a terrible idea . 
  it 's not really about if you contribute or not , there are billions of people over the world who would like to live in europe and contribute , but sadly that is n't possible . 
  refuge is n't about immigrating to europe , it 's for a temporary safe place if your life is in danger . 
  people who are unhappy about the way their country is , should be making an effort to change it , they ca n't all move to europe . 
  yeah , but the way you say it kinda sounds like these are n't good places to live , i do n't know about bulgaria but lithuania is an awesome country with nice scenery and the people there are pretty well off . 
  the difference in quality of life between an average brit and an average lithuanian is much smaller than most people imagine . 
  i think you 're misunderstanding what asylum is , it 's not to seek a better life , it 's a temporary safe place if your life is in danger or you face persecution . 
   so if the only job you can find is in lithuania or bulgaria , take it . 
  well that 's not very nice . . 
  well the belligerent ones are usually the uk tourists , finns are usually nice , but because there are so many , sometimes some drink a bit too much . 
  was n't meant as an attack at you at all , since estonians are n't no angels ourselves , there was just a news story on this sub a few days ago where an estonian man attacked a croatian border guard with a pitchfork . 
   legalize soft drugs and watch the tourists pour . 
   hookers are already legal , make laws about brothels . 
  watch the tourists pour some more . 
  interestingly , the tourist aspect is exactly one of the big reasons what comes up in these debates here on why we should n't legalize drugs and brothels . 
  that we do n't want that kind of tourists and that image . 
  also part of the reason why we 're raising alcohol excise taxes so heavily , besides estonians over consuming alcohol ourselves , people are tired of all the alcohol tourism from uk and finland etc and the belligerence the tanked tourists often display . 
  what ? 
  i thought this was something that was universally banned in europe , at least in estonia , if you 're convicted for a crime , you ca n't work in the public sector or elected position . 
  [ nordic countries like sweden , finland and estonia ] ( http://replygif.net/i/159.gif ), 
  we were doing pretty well from 1920-1939 when we were independent , we were almost as well off as sweden and finland per capita economically , the difference was maybe 20-30 % . 
  and then we were also recovering from total war from 1918-1920 , where we just faced russia and landeswher while being outgunned and outnumbered by them , but we still won . 
  we would be like finland is today , if we did n't get occupied by the soviet union . 
  it 's not that difficult really , it just requires some real action , which the eu seems to be so incapable of . 
  there 's many ways to go about this imho that would work separately but even better together : 1 . 
  acknowledge that people coming by boats from north-africa and syria are choosing a more dangerous , costlier and longer route to seek refugee , while there are safe countries much closer by and therefor do n't qualify as refugees . 
  this obviously applies to people who go through safe countries as well , like turkey . 
  patrol their coasts with drones and tow every ship back . 
  accept only refugees for whom eu was the closest and easiest safe place to get to . 
  use a part of this ridiculous amount of money we will save providing for refugees in refugee camps close by to them . 
  ( where even now the actual most vulnerable refugees are , the children , women and the elderly ) . 
  stop granting permanent living permits for refugees , make it abundantly clear that when their country becomes safe they will be sent back . 
  maybe a bit harsh : take the economic aspect out of it , no sending money home or bringing it with them when they go back , only something like a years worth of what the average wage of their origin country is . 
  i could probably brainstorm more . 
  pensioners do , a lot of pensioners vote for them . 
  http://ila.ilsl.br/pdfs/v6n2a05.pdf basically , it was rather rare after the 15th century , until the second half of 19th century , when russian cossacks brought it here . 
  there was no single place , but multiple places in different regions . 
  by 1926 there were only 236 cases left . 
  although i like the beginning of the report :  estonia is a republic which became independent after the great war . 
  it is situated on the coast of the baltic sea , and its territory , 47,558 square kilometers , consists of the estonian and half of the livonian provinces formerly belonging to the russian empire , the population is 1,126,413 , according to a census taken in 1934 .
