  it gives ngo 's unequal footing , subverting democracy . 
   god damn , this soros guy is good , he 's funding protests even before they happen !, 
  in opposition to what ? 
  funding protest after they happen ? 
  nobody in estonia cares , it 's not even covered in our news . 
  it 's just same old for us . 
  lithuania did n't ever have a lot of russians , it 's mostly lithuanians leaving and probably like half and half in latvia . 
   i 'm sorry , what was your argument ? 
  that people like you say it 's okay what he does because what he does aligns with your views , if he were launching an effort to `` protect family values '' in lithuania , trying to stop gay-marriage , you 'd be singing a different tune . 
  what people like you have a hard time understanding is that what you believe is just and right , is n't universally such , might even be universally looked down upon in another 50 years . 
  the mentality of `` if we do it , it 's alright , but if people with another political view do it , then they 're in the wrong '' is so juvenile and stupid . 
   no , my point is that 1 . to my knowledge his funding of protests/riots is nothing more than an alt-right myth ( please provide credible sources if you have , aka . 
  not breitbart , zero hedge , etc. ), 
  then your knowledge is pretty poor . 
  even the left-wing soapbox [ snopes ] ( http://www.snopes.com/politics/business/sorosferguson.asp ) says it 's true . 
  so basically your counter argument is the thing i already pointed out - `` because the koolaid soros is pushing incidentally aligns with a lot of redditors views ? '', 
  if a person funds protests/riots and organizations to push his political views in a foreign country then i see that as a shitty thing to do , we 're mad when russia does it , why ca n't we be mad at soros ? 
  because the koolaid soros is pushing incidentally aligns with a lot of redditors views ? 
  berkeley rioters and a gorillion other events would like to have a word with you . . 
  yes , that 's why the us nuclear arsenal is constantly getting hacked etc. 
  you sound like a person who has absolutely no idea how computer security works  . 
  about as slim as ballot fraud , so we 're fine with it . 
  are you kidding ? 
  how would someone log in as a dead person to vote , when a dead persons id card is deactivated ? 
  how would cia change the votes , they would have to copy a critical amount of id cards and then somehow figure out all of their passwords , which lock down after a few tries . 
  this would require a unprecedented attack , which would at the same time have to go completely unnoticed by everyone here . 
  the chances of that happening are slim to none . 
  used to be 50 $ , seems they have increased the price recently . 
  why speculate , instead of doing 5 seconds of googling ? 
   during a designated pre-voting period , the voter logs onto the system using an id-card or mobile-id , and casts a ballot . 
  the voter 's identity is removed from the ballot before it reaches the national electoral commission for counting , thereby ensuring anonymity . 
   with any method of remote voting , including traditional postal ballots , the possibility of votes being forced or bought is a concern . 
  estonia 's solution was to allow voters to log on and vote as many times as they want during the pre-voting period . 
  since each vote cancels the last , a voter always has the option of changing his or her vote later . 
  and that 's how you finally arrive at the dissolution of the eu itself , if this does n't end . 
  loads and loads of oil shale , really is a cheap and good resource for generating electricity , if it only did n't pollute so much !, 
  i 've never heard of kidnappings being a thing in estonia , it 's too easy to get caught . 
  at least in estonia it 's not , you can be charged with homicide if the person survives , it 's about the intent to kill . 
  so if you look at estonian crime statistics , then the homicide and murder count is actually a bit higher than the people who actually died due to homicide/murder . 
  just to be sure , you counted both murder and manslaughter , right ? 
  since the estonian graph combines both . 
  murder by itself is less . 
  but yeah , what i can say at least is that almost none of those deaths were muggings / home invasions etc gone wrong . 
  the chances of something happening to a random person just minding their own business has always been close to nill . 
  it was mostly organized criminals taking each other out and antisocial drunks stabbing each other at apartment parties , now it 's mostly the latter . 
  when has estonia `` begged for more subsidies '' ? 
  when has estonia even ever asked for subsidies ? 
  subsidies are something eu came up with , structural funds for facilitating trade and integration , more of an investment than a handout . 
  which only ever made up like 1-2 % of our gdp , nothing we would n't survive/grow without . 
  all you do is lie . 
  the truth is , we do n't care about you at all , russia is very rarely in then news in estonia . 
  we have other positive things to focus on . 
  but for some reason , there are a still a bunch of russian trolls like you , mad at estonia for whatever reason , should n't you have moved on to trying to troll ukraine by now ? 
  you have no reason to be buttmad , just leave us alone . 
  why are you so butthurt at estonia ? 
  what has estonia done to russia or russians that would make trolls like you so buttmad ? 
  they do for all use , unless specifically noted that it 's counting citizens only , which is rare . 
  that 's simply false , all countries count the entire number of people living in it , not only citizens . 
  civil war would imply there were sides , this is just crime running amuck , because a lot of people were desperate since there were n't jobs available for everyone yet and the police force was still transitioning . 
  population is usually counted with people living in the country , not citizens , otherwise our population would be a lot smaller , since we have around 60-80k ethnic russians living in estonia with no citizenship . 
  same way as estonian citizens who have emigrated are n't counted . 
  transition from communism to capitalism , which obviously meant things got very chaotic for a while . 
  you can see very similar trends in other post-soviet countries . 
  transition from communism to capitalism , most of the population lost their jobs and had to find new ones , which was pretty difficult while the entire population is looking for work . 
  chaos pretty much . 
  since 2011 , estonian population has grown by about 24 000 people . 
   would n't ** illegally ** immigrate reading comprehension !, 
  when there 's a reasonable expectation that at ton of ukranians would n't illegally immigrate to australia were there visa freedom . 
  they 're still not doing better than russia and they have a very long way to go before they 're doing better than russia . 
  the quality of life for an average russian citizen is much better . 
  in absolute terms we 've had incredible growth in every single area , we more than quadrupled our gdp in 25 years alone . 
   and they are doing better than russia . 
  are you joking or just very ignorant of the real world ? 
  china 's gdp ppp per capita is 40 % lower than russia , they are not doing better than russia . 
   poland and estonia have been doing relatively well transitioning . 
  what do you mean by `` relatively well '' ? 
  we 're not doing `` relatively well '' , we 're doing very well . 
  and what about latvia , lithuania ? 
   nobody is going to check that their vote went to the correct party on several devices . 
  those devices could also all be compromised to show you what you want to see . 
  yes , absolutely nobody will check their vote , out of the hundreds of thousands of people voting nobody will , valid point . 
  and yes , this hack is going to be this unprecedented that absolutely every device , from phones to high security work computers will all be hacked at once , so even if people would check , which they obviously wo n't , they would not see the difference . 
   if that function was available , then the basic idea of anonymity in voting is destroyed . 
  what ? 
  how 's that ? 
   let 's say the government hired somebody to infect machines and computers , and won the election . 
  how do you prove to someone that you voted the way you actually voted and are n't just lying because you do n't like the result of the election ? 
  they can inspect their machine for malware , if there is a critical amount of these complaints and they seem credible they can void the result . 
   it is very difficult to identify tampering . 
  most tampering is not obvious at all . 
  viruses can erase themselves after the fact . 
  if we 're talking about end-user tampering , there are security analysts who will try to get themselves infected on purpose , visiting more popular sites in estonia , etc , just to find out of there 's anything out there that might try to do this . 
  someone would catch this . 
   yes , they can hold another vote , but it is very difficult to prove that an election has been tampered with because of anonymity . 
  for example , if you wanted to change the result of the 2016 us election , you would only need to make ~ 0.5 % of the electorate vote a different way . 
  there is no way to prove with strong statistical significance that 0.5 % of votes have been tampered with . 
  due to our election system 0.5 % will not make any difference . 
  basically your doomsday scenario hinges on at least tens of thousands of computers getting infected , the end users not noticing it , the security analysts not noticing it , the staticians not noticing that the electronic votes did not line up with polls/paper ballots at all , etc. 
  this risk is so minimal that we 're fine with it . 
  in addition , there are no `` evil '' parties in estonia , nothing russia or another super-power would gain much by supporting .
