  yes , but you sound like you 're paying for it alone . 
  you make a small contribution to one of the main goals of eu , infrastructure . 
  where do you get the idea that you 're going to pay for it ? 
  did the article say `` denmark will fund building a tunnel from estonia to finland '' ? 
  if you really do n't understand how other eu nations economy getting better will benefit denmark then there 's really not much point in arguing with you ... 
  us$ 34bn is nothing , with eu support and loans , it would pay off really soon . 
  that 's more for default subs imo . 
  so many replies to such an idiot , i 'm really surprised . 
  nobody is scared of russian soldiers , as seen from estonian independance war and finnish independance war , and everything else , 4 of their soldiers maybe equal to one of ours . 
  it 's the military tech people are scared of , because they have so much of it . 
  people who have any grasp of history . 
  who know that russian soldiers are notoriously shitty througout history . 
  people are obsessed with spetsnaz ? 
  i thought everybody was making fun of them . 
  baltic nations before joining eu already had almost twice the gdp per capita compared to turkey, 
  so what are you implying here , that baltics ca n't excersise their veto rights ? 
  what would leave you to believe this ? 
  and why is it a necessary reality ? 
  seriously doubt that , considering putin approval ratings done by third party polls . 
  russia is too good at propaganda . 
  maybe when people ca n't afford to buy food anymore you 'll see a change . 
  because we care less about russia losing face than getting our citizen back . 
  yes , and america is over 2 times bigger than us and has three times the gdp per capita , what 's your point ? 
  comparing estonia and russia in this context is very appropriate , because at ~ 1991 both countries had almost exactly the same economic situation , although estonia has almost no natural resources and russia has an insane amout of natural resources one country came out quite a lot ahead , since there 's very little corruption and focus on sustainable growth . 
  russia could have put all that oil and gas money to real use and maybe be on par with germany etc , but instead all that money went into the pockets of the mafia . 
  there 's no sustainable economy in russia and they 're bound to fail . 
  wow , a finnish person saying nice things about estonia ( not that you usually say bad things ) , really warms my heart . 
  sorry for the offtopic !, 
  yeah , probably rerouted traffic through somewhere else , i 'm just surprised the system did n't do this automatically . 
  it appears they fixed it . 
  i picture that there are always observers there when the computers are accessed , when they are n't accessed , the rooms are locked with keycards which logs you can access and probably are accessed by the observers later . 
  a lot if it is , logging in is n't and something else , but most of it is . 
  they 're obviously observing it a lot , because people here already know the butthurt over online voting in us etc , so we 're actually doing more than we have to , to keep it safe , secure and open . 
  many and closely enough , although i ca n't give you exact numbers as i 'm not an expert . 
  there are many independant observers in this process , the same way there are independant observers in paperballot voting . 
  what machines ? 
  the machines that are in a secure goverment serverroom ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they are secure against that . 
  that 's done by machines , who have the key to `` the box '' . 
  we can only remove `` the boxes '' that have been overwritten by a paperballot . 
  okay , okay , i just woke up , kinda grumpy , i deleted the last part , you 're free to keep your downvote though . 
  they only have the encrypted info that the person has electronically voted , not who he voted for , they ca n't open `` the box '' , they just see `` the box '' exists and can delete it . 
  person goes votes physically . 
  they check if that person has voted electronically before . 
  turns out he has . 
  his electronic vote is deleted , nobody still knows who he voted for . 
  they only count his paperballot . 
  no they are n't , voting is still anonymous . 
  you can see if a person voted , but not who he/she voted for . 
  what lack of secrecy ? 
  you can always invalidate your electonic vote by filling a paper ballot in estonia , your argument is invalid . 
   and finally , if not for our balls and immense polish support ( solidarity movement ) - you would still be bending your asses for russia . 
  i guess they 're not joking when they say lithuanian education is shit ... 
  guess it 's no surprise since you ranked 37th on pisa and estonia 11th . 
  why do you think that the estonian troops believed/followed nazi ideology ? 
  it was always about defending estonia to them , they fought for estonian independance ( atleast that 's what they thought . ), 
  russia ofcourse , has been the cancer from east for ~ 850 years now , still cancer , nothing changes . 
  similar thing happened with teliasonera a little while ago , a sea cable got cut , because it still tried to route some websites through the broken cable they just appeared offline , while some others worked . 
  probably going to get fixed soon . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't get [ encino man ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_nkki0vm3azw/tqfu1jma8ai/aaaaaaaaakw/pcxgpk6dfby/s1600/link-encino-man.png ) for estonia . 
  my result is different though , the first person i get is [ some bloke from early 1900 's ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/nzg5wduxoa==/$t2ec16nhjgyffk\\ ) zgymkbr7vdppncw ~ ~ 60_35 . jpg ), 
  why do you equate eu with open borders ? 
  are you against migration inside the eu ? 
  i do n't see anything behind the idea of eu that would support mass immigration outside of eea . 
  this is just the result of a lot of countries adopting an open border policy a while back , i do n't see how eu exactly endorses it or is against it . 
  you could say that eu has n't done exactly much to stop it either and i would agree , but it 's only now that a lot of countries and people are rethinking the immigration policies and when european people finally say that enough is enough i trust eu would follow the will of the people . 
  if you 're against migration inside the eu , then i do n't have a strong feeling about that either way , so i ca n't really comment on that . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe pls . 
   like they are n't populist . . `` estonia - to be one of the five richest nations in europe '' . 
  this shit again ... 
  when they said that in 2007 , fucking 8 years ago and this is peoples go to thing to call them out , something that they said during the elections 8 years ago , means they have to be doing something right , but alas , as i was saying . 
  when they said it in 2007 , estonia had just doubled our gdp in just a few years time , a lot of respected economists would 've said that it 's entirely possible and nobody foresaw the recession . 
  now go look at their platform and tell me how many populist promises are there ? 
  compared to other parties promising you 800 eur minimum wage and many other riddiculous things . 
  reform is the opposite of populist , as evident by their support for many unpopular but necessary laws , like the cohabitation bill , austerity during the crisis etc. 
  exactly , i remember the stories my parents and grandparents told me about the life in the soviet union , store shelves empty , rarely you get fruits like bananas , oranges , watermelon and a lot of other things and when you do there would be long lines and never enough for everyone . 
  name just a few ? 
  there really are n't , because there 's no reason to be any . 
   that was horribly ripped out of context . 
  also there are fun stuff like this : http://www.delfi.ee/news/paevauudised/eesti/yana-toom-euroopa-on-samuti-suudi-ukraina-sundmustes?id=70673811 http://arvamus.postimees.ee/888738/yana-toom-narkomaane-peab-karmimalt-karistama http://www.sotsdem.ee/marju-lauristin-on-erakordne-et-yana-toom-haaletas-ukraina-rahuplaani-mitte-toetades-enda-fraktsiooni-vastu/ does n't help that she has no higer education either . 
  that 's not a person that should represent estonia . 
  andrus ansip was estonian prime minister for 9 years . 
  i really like the guy . 
  toom is pretty blatantly pro-russia , she does n't even make an effort to hide it . 
  she said in an interview that estonian language should n't be used and should be left to die out . 
  ( something of sorts ) . 
  it 's pretty sad when you have people like that representing your country in european parliament . 
  we thought only latvia had to deal with those crazies , but lately we have to too . 
  all thanks to soviet russia moving tons of russians here during the occupation with the goal of russification of estonia . 
  estonian population is ~ 25 % russian , that 's why . 
  completely agree , estonia is doing a lot better than most former soviet republics , people will always find reasons to whine , but if things are going in the direction i like them to go , i 'll stay on the track . 
  i doubt they take the smuglers word at face value and they have atleast basic access to internet if they really want , if they have like 5-20k usd to spend to get smuggled to europe . 
  ( yes it 's that expensive ), 
   east germany is among the most `` radical '' large regions yeah , east-germany is probably one of the safest and more tolerant parts of europe . 
  apparently anyone who has any sort of disagreement with the current refugee/immigrant policy . 
  it gets more popular as they hear home that they 've made it succesfully across , if there 's no positive news about getting across , there are less people willing to sacrifice everything for the chance . 
  estonia is economically in a much better place than 2001 , we could host it fine if we wanted to . 
  although i have n't been keeping up with eurovision for a few years now and i have n't even heard this years estonian song , i should give it a listen later . 
  so same as every year ? ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ please.don ` t.kill.me , i.couldn ` t.help.myself . 
   and if the us is willing to throw down , i 'd be willing to bet that the rest of nato would at least send token forces .
