  what did he mess up ? 
  riiiight . . 
   nuclear power is not as reliable as you make it seem . 
  incidents happen all the time and maintainance work makes it necessary for them to be shut down from time to time . 
  incidents do not happen all the time , there have been barely any incidents at all in western nuclear power plants . 
   and the growing ability to produce power locally , as well as improvements on the grid lessen the necessity for energy storage somewhat . 
  unless of course you are a corporate chill that absolutely needs everything to be centralised and also in private hands . 
  yeah , no . 
  ca n't produce solar during the night and ca n't control the wind , you 're bound to need a butload of storage to be able to constantly provide electricity to the population + extra since you ca n't `` turn up '' solar or wind like you can do with nuclear , so if the consumption should peak for whatever reason , you must have to be able to deliver that as well . 
   waaaaaayyyyyyyy more countries are suited for renewable energy than for nuclear energy . 
  geological and politcal safety has to be a given for it to be scalable . 
  renewable energy has also increased the ability of countries to be energy independent , especially in less developed nations . 
  all countries are suitable for nuclear energy , you ca n't do shit with solar in northern-europe though . 
   your projections on renewables seem oddly negative , as if there had n't been imense improvements over the last decades and there would n't be an incredible amount of unused space and resources in this sector . 
  your projections regarding climate and food producitons also seem to be from science fiction novels , rather than actual reality . 
  again , unused space exists plenty , both for food and for energy production . 
  food crisis only exist for political reasons ; they are not related to the ability of our planet to produce food . 
  i did n't make any negative projections about renewables , you have to work on your reading comprehension . 
  there is an incredible amount of unused space , but there is n't an infinite amount , especially with the world population and and energy needs growing and there 's no reason to think either would slow down . 
   your projections regarding climate and food producitons also seem to be from science fiction novels , rather than actual reality . 
  simple facts of life are n't science fiction , there 's a limit to how many wind farms we can build until it starts negatively impacting the climate . 
  because of the simple fact that wind farms slow down wind , i mean , you ca n't be that thick that you do n't understand something this simple , right ? 
  so basically you 're talking out of your ass with no proof whatsoever , got it . 
   the fact that our teachers mainly focus on pisa tests . 
  source ? 
  i do n't believe this is true . 
  remember kids , if you downvote enough to hide , the problem goes away !, 
  no real action necessary !, 
   there is absolutely no financial reason to continue investing in it , uness of course you are a greedy corporation that enjoys having a centralized form of energy production that you have control over . 
  uranium is the absolute best naturally occurring fuel on earth that there is an abundance of , so there 's absolutely financial reason to continue investing in it , for many reasons , like 1 . 
  stability , wind and sun are n't reliable enough to build your entire power grid on . 
  storing energy is prohibitively expensive and easily accessible mass energy storage will most likely stay like that for a very long time if not forever . 
  not all countries are suitable for wind and solar power , and energy independence is important for sovereign countries for good reason . 
  wind and solar are both still finite resources , there 's a limit to how many solar panels you can place ( unless we 'll develop technology to start putting solar panels in space , which would be cool ) , wind farms slow down wind , not even remotely a problem now , but with the growing energy needs and the explosion of wind farms might become a problem one day in the distant future , which would affect climate/food production etc negatively . 
  i guess by definition that 's true , but i 'd say free movement of labour is the least important part of a single market , the main idea is that you can export your goods without tariffs and in return you do n't set tariffs on incoming goods , with some common regulations sprinkled in so you 're playing by the same rules . 
   there can be no single market without free movement of labor . 
  how so ? 
  there 's no real reason for nuclear power to be this expensive though , it 's mostly the lack of r&d , it 's not getting the subsidies renewable energy sources are getting and probably to some extent over regulation . 
   while i agree that nuclear power is very safe , if something goes wrong it 's disastrous . 
  except this is n't true at all , with modern nuclear power plants , even if everything goes wrong that could go wrong nothing would be ` disastrous ' , nobody would get irradiated and nobody would die . 
  even with the ancient nuclear power plants , when shit does hit the fan , they 're sturdy enough that the impact is minute . 
   and my second concern , which is way bigger , is that in the end you have toxic waste which you need to dump somewhere for the next few thousand years . 
  there are already technologies being developed that can make use of that toxic waste and the dumps last way longer than thousands of years . 
   imo in the long run all energy should come from clean energy sources , e.g. 
  water , wind and solar power nuclear is a clean energy source , it 's 0 emission . 
  the reality is that we have a much bigger stick than them , not to mention the trade deals and aid they 'd be absolutely helpless without , so no , they would n't be arresting shit unless they want to get absolutely fucked . 
  well sure they can , `` they wo n't '' is the correct statement . 
  as a european it 's sad to see the number of muslims in europe increasing , your religion is inherently incompatible with western values and culture . 
  i do n't really care what you do and believe in your home countries , but the less islam there is in europe , the better off we are . 
  i 'm not saying are muslims are bad or evil , but it does make a lot of good people do and believe evil things . 
  christianity is n't much better , but at least it 's becoming increasingly less relevant in europe . 
  what drastic situation change i am calling for ? 
  i 'm doing the exact opposite . 
  some people are calling for a federation europe , i 'm saying that it 's a bad idea for a lot of smaller countries . 
   yes , of course . 
  have you heard what a rhetorical question is ? 
  you could try , but you will realize pretty soon than having food to eat is more important for 99 % of people . 
  what ? 
  why do people pretend federalization is in any shape or form in the interest of smaller eu countries ? 
  have you ever heard of `` extremadura '' ? 
  me neither , but that 's a region in spain comparable to the population of estonia , that 's what we would pretty much become . 
  obviously you could argue , that estonia even now does n't really matter in the grand scheme of things , and we do n't and we 're fine with that , but we do matter in orders of magnitude more than `` extremadura '' , we have platforms and a vote in a lot of places . 
  secondly , for a country like estonia , our main goals are to preserve our language , ethnicity and culture , by having less control over our borders and the benefits we offer ( and to whom ) , what we teach in school etc , our control over fulfilling those goals would become much harder . 
  now some would argue again , that without a federal eu , our independence would be in jeopardy from russia , nobody here believes that for a good reason , one being that we 're in nato and the second being that we actually feel pretty confident on our own , obviously we would n't stand a chance against russia alone , but our defense is formidable for our size , to make attacking estonia more trouble than it would be worth , with 200 000 + conscripts we can arm and feed who are trained to survive in the woods for long periods of time , the losses for annexing estonia would be over a hundred thousand soldiers for russia at least , it just would n't make sense . 
  thirdly , some people think eu parliament would somehow be more competent than national governments , on the example of estonia , i do n't believe it , according to the latest pisa results , we have the best education in europe , although spending in orders of magnitude less money on education than some european countries , according to the integrity index we have one of the lowest corruption levels in europe , although being a post-soviet country where the entire system existed on corruption a few decades ago and so on , why would we trust anyone else ? 
  now there will be some people who argue that a federation eu would n't infringe on any of these things , if not , what is it for anyway ? 
  yeah , which can be helped by promoting and supporting education in those fields and dealing with the issues which make people here have less children or decide against having children at all , stealing people from 3rd world countries who often get educated on government 's dime does a great disservice to those countries and should stop . 
   europe is simply discouraging them from coming in the first place . 
  that is kind of the idea , the hoops are there to only let the people who really really want to get in , we ca n't host all the poor and disadvantaged in the world . 
  still pretty obvious though , innit ? 
  i love you guys , but how did you get it so wrong with your flag ? 
  and i 'm just here wondering what kind of koolaid you have to be drinking to actually believe something this ridiculous , a man who has no historical relations to russia , to whom russia ca n't offer anything that he 'd want is a russian agent , just because he has done again what he has been doing for years , leaking data on corruption , human rights violence , dirty deeds and the like , with a ** perfect ** track record of it being accurate . 
  let me guess , the title is n't actually the question asked ? 
  what kind of fascist political parties in germany have any real support ? 
  do you think russia told that 13 year old girl to lie about her rape ? 
   seriously , just google , trump dodd-frank friend ca n't get loans and see what comes up . 
  so basically , he has recognized that dodd-frank is stopping a lot of businesses from getting loans , including his friends , he wants to loosen the regulation ? 
  it 's not like he 's making specific regulations so only his friends can get loans . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to get at here . 
   ah right , that 's why when clinton as much as gave a speech there , it was declared utter corruption by trump supporters . 
  seriously , i do n't think ` draining the swamp ' meant literally filling it with toxic waste tbh , but to each their own . 
  yeah , since these are two totally different things . 
  clinton gets hundreds of thousands of dollars , for a speech , which seems rather suspect , since are they really paying all of this money to hear her speak , or are they expecting something else as well in return . 
  trump is hiring people who used to work in goldman sachs , since they are incredibly qualified for those positions . 
  you have to do some serious mental gymnastics to suggest goldman sachs is getting something out of it . 
   repealing dodd-frank , because his ` friends ca n't get loans ' ? 
  and what makes you think he did it because his `` friends ca n't get loans '' ? 
  and it not being a part of his bigger economic policies ? 
   repeal of the aca except this was one of this campaign promises , one of the reasons why people voted for him . 
  so how the fuck is that selling out ? 
   filling his cabinet with goldman sachs alumni , etc. 
  or maybe he filled his cabinets with the best people for the job ? 
  working in goldman sachs does n't make you evil , but it does mean , you have a very good understanding of the financial markets etc. 
  you 've drank too much of the koolaid it seems . 
  stop talking out of your ass , seriously , following his campaign promise on repealing aca is selling out ? 
  you 're a joke . 
  how has trump sold out to his banker/corporate friends ? 
  i would n't say alternative media is better per se , but with alternative media , you are at least aware where the biases lie , with msm , you expect to get an impartial version of the events , which is no longer true in any regard . 
  wot ? 
  i 'm not even a conservative .
