  you do n't have money to help native portugese build families , but you have money to support migrants of whom some ~ 50 % ca n't find a job after 15 years in sweden , where the job market is in a lot better condition than portugal ? 
   maybe the fact we have one of the oldest populations in the world and we need young people to occupy our deserted regions and farm our lands justifies this . 
  if sirians are willing to do it they are welcome to it . 
  so the solution is not helping the native portugese start families , but to replace your population with other people from a different culture and poor education ? 
  seems like an awesome plan . 
  are small grocery stores cheaper than supermarkets then ? 
  in estonia supermarkets are definitely cheaper . 
  when we got euro , prices rose a bit , but wages rose soon after . 
  stuff is still pretty expensive here , but i do n't think it 's too bad . 
  12,3 % unemployment - `` gib refugees pls '' . 
  no wonder portugal is doing so poorly if it 's run so poorly . 
  i do n't know , but my best guess is that they hid it or did n't return . 
  thanks fam !, 
   someone , who by pure luck is born in a rich western country , automatically is guaranteed a decent life whereas somebody being born in an underdeveloped african region will live under terrible inhumane conditions . 
  by your logic , for someone who is born to a rich family all their wealth left to them should be removed from them and distributed to the poor ? 
  you said most , i 'm pretty sure this is some german quirk and even in germany , you can still be arrested for public nudity if you cause `` public grievances '' . 
  i wonder if it really will change anything , or it 's just to appease the masses and back to business as usual , with refugee numbers the same or greater . 
  where ? 
  it 's prohibited in estonia for example . 
  what country in europe allows me to walk on the street with my dick out ? 
  this is a way underappreciated joke . 
  we should do that too , but that 's very expensive and becomes unpractical when we get hundreds of thousands of illegal migrants . 
  better give them some money , then deal with all the migrants , which will cost much more in the long run and bring various other problems . 
  i do n't see any problem with that , even if it 's 10 000 which it will never be , it 's not like the us is gon na annex estonia . 
  it 's just support forces . 
  150 men ? 
  the only impact they have is that they show russia that us is committed to defending estonia . 
  probably my worst nightmare of what direction estonia should be heading . 
  it would only lead to the erosion of estonian sovereignty and culture . 
   haha , you 're really so deluded . 
  if you think that russia will pay anything to you based on your out-of-ass calculations made by your `` spacialists '' as a legal indicator of `` we could do better without it '' . 
  we know russia wo n't pay , because it 's a shit tier corrupt country that 's a lot poorer per capita than estonia . 
  the statement is just out of principle . 
   and i also doubt it 's 100x lower if we count baltic calculations based on nothing then it 's maybe true , but no one takes this seriously . 
  go ahead and argue , how estonia that was very very culturally similar and ahead economically of finland in 1938 , would 've not had similar economic growth as finland did . 
  i 'd really like to hear this . 
   learn to build your country by yourself , fix your broken economy fix your collapsed demographics and high crime rate and do n't be reliant on others already we established that estonia does n't have a high crime rate , but you still keep saying this . . estonian economy is doing very well , much better than russia and one of the fastest growing in europe . 
  some projections say this : [ nevertheless , long-term prospects for the estonian economy remain among the most promising in europe . 
  in 2011 , the real gdp growth in estonia was 8.0 % , and according to the projections made by the cepii , by 2025 the gdp per capita could rise to the level of nordic economies of sweden , finland , denmark , and norway . 
  according to the same projections , by 2050 , estonia could become the most productive country in the eu , after luxembourg , and thus join the top five most productive nations in the world . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_estonia )  when the estonians suddenly changed to russians . 
  if baltic germans did n't exist then russians do n't too . 
  and it 's very naive to say that russian drug addicts are the reason because it 's 20 % if estonian population and drug related deaths are higher than in russia . 
  [ estonia is n't russia . 
  82,4 % of our hiv positives are ethnic russians , while only making up 25 % of our population ] ( http://www.rahvatervis.ut.ee/bitstream/1/321/1/uusk%c3%bclajt2005_1.pdf ), 
  interesting , i wonder how turkey decides this ? 
  estonia visa free 90 days , latvia only 30 ? 
  why ? 
  that 's pretty expensive , 32.5 eur an hour to get your lawn mowed with your own lawn mower . 
  nah , i think europe is drifting into hyper-extreme-ultra-super-far-furthest-right !, 
   first off eu funds are not the reasons you 're not able to demand money from russia but the fact that you were on soviet union 's financial aid and that would be pretty much it . 
  any compensation proposal would cause russia demand the money they put in you back . 
  that 's easy , since it would be much more than 100x less than what they owe us . 
  in lost wealth , we could use finland as the projection of what estonia would be now . 
   estonia is one of the most dangerous places in europe with highest amount of drug-related death very high homicide rate and highest rate of hiv infection in europe i doubt that 's the definition of crime less country . 
  how are russian drug addicts and hiv positive people , living in the north-east posing danger to anyone but themselves ? 
  estonia does n't have a very high homicide rate anymore , http://puu.sh/ony1z/b80fa09d46.png ( top is homicide , bottom is murder ) , dropped 2x since 2011 ( the year a lot of rankings still use ) , still dropping . 
   as for corruption you 're still way behind western nations and only slightly better than second best `` uncorrupted '' place in post communist world , it does n't put much into perspective because that 's still a corruption infected country . 
  you 're not denmark or finland . 
  we 're ranked the same as france , is france a `` corrupt '' place ? 
  is france a western nation ? 
  can you stop lying ? 
  we 're dropping in corruption fast , estonia was 100 % corruption during the soviet occupation , it takes time to transition back , and we 've been wildly successful at it , without the occupation , we would probably be one of the least corrupt countries in the world . 
  the cambridge economic history of modern europe : volume 2 , 1870 to the present  the only point you can make is the sheer investment the ussr put into the baltics post ww2 . 
  baltics were showered in money comparatively . 
  the investment is meaningless , since it did n't create any value for us . 
  we would 've been better off without the occupation . 
   in estonia the baltic germans were the better off mans while the native estonians were rather behind them . 
  no they were n't lol , when estonia got independent in 1920 , all the land was taken away from them and given to estonians , in 1934 , only 16 000 germans remained here , even less in 1938 . 
  they had little impact . 
   both latvia and estonia have no legal or even moral rights demanding any compensations from russia . 
  both three of you are sucking the eu funds quite badly ( highest beneficiary per capita ) so i think it 's enough for you . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how does one exclude the other ? 
  first of all , the money we 're getting from eu , is pretty insignificant , it seems large per capita , since we 're so small , but the total amount is small , even compared to our budget , it makes up a small percent . 
  while finland in almost 3x richer than us . 
   not saying communism or soviet union is good or something . 
  but estonia and latvia were rather an expense of soviet union which they financed rather than taking advantage of . 
  roflmao , that in no way negates that we would 've been better off economically without them . 
   also saying that without soviet union they would be much better off is quite naive just look at the states now and on the society which is corrupt and crime stricken . 
  with that society you would be only slightly better estonia is ranked # 23 least corrupt in the world by transparency index 2015 and that 's coming off of total nepotism and corruption from soviet union . 
  we were n't corrupt before , we are very uncorrupt after and we would 've stayed uncorrupt in the meanwhile . 
  estonia has very low crime , in robberies and assaults , we 're one of the lowest in europe . 
  our homicide rates were high , but in the past few years they 've dropped incredibly low as well . 
  dude , you can fuck right off with your bullshit , you obviously have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   or today there would be no estonia , for example . 
  why ? 
  if russians did n't occupy estonia , we would 've magically disappeared ? 
   do ashes of holocaust knock into your heart ? 
  what ? 
  what soviet union did in estonia , is what we could 've done 10x better ourselves . 
  what soviet union did was destroy our economy and build some low quality stuff here . 
   http://i.imgur.com/z8l5nwy.jpg estonia was ahead of finland in gdp per capita in 1938 , long ahead of the soviet union . 
  estonia was heading in the same direction as finland , so today estonia would have the quality of life or better than what 's currently in finland . 
  that 's what soviet union stole from us . 
  that 's like robbing someone 's house for all the valuables and forgetting your stinky poor quality jacket behind and saying `` well if i have to return your plasma tv and everything else , you should also give me back my jacket ! '', 
  well it makes sense considering trump is the only candidate who has said he wants good relations with russia and that us and russia should be allies . 
  https://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread there are like tons of studies on this , since you argue in these issues so often , i do n't get how you have n't seen any before or have n't looked them up yourself ? 
  if refugees want to integrate , then why do most of the 2nd and 3rd gen mena immigrants who speak perfect german , went to school with german pupils etc , still hold all those backwards beliefs ? 
  about homosexuality , how women should dress , etc ?
