  does n't seem too fair to me . 
   latvian culture at least is very against being overly proud , especially when you have n't exactly achieved it on your own , but it seems going well for you and there are some people who think we should be more like you as well oh come on , do you have to be so condescending ? 
  what has estonia not achieved on its own ? 
  and i think you get the wrong impression about estonia being overtly proud from media in other countries talking positively about estonia , rather than estonia tooting its own horn . 
  of course there 's publicity coming from estonia as well , but that 's pretty normal for any country , since publicity is what draws investors and tourists , but i do n't see estonia doing it any more than other countries . 
  how is this a great example of estonia doing it at the expense of others ? 
  how are we doing this at the expense of lithuanians or latvians ? 
  also , most probably have n't , but the people organizing it probably have heard about estonia doing it on a national scale before and drew inspiration from us . 
  link does n't work . 
  putin 's pr machine has n't undermined anything here , just pathetic attempts . 
  what 's wrong with trying to be successful ? 
  estonians are n't the ones being hostile towards latvians or lithuanians . 
  estonia does n't have the moral authority to call out russia 's position in ukrainian crisis ? 
  no , i 'm not trying to excuse the armenian genocide , i 'm just saying that russia does n't have any moral authority to point fingers at others . 
  well it is true , russia is n't really the one who should be pointing fingers here . 
  why u mad tho ? 
  it seems estonia was first to start this on a scale this large . 
  it seems like a lot of latvians and lithuanians here either love estonia or have some sort of an inferiority complex . 
  let 's just all be chill , i 'm always very happy to hear positive things about latvia and lithuania , it 's not a competition . 
  does n't that link suggest estonia was the first ? 
  and latvia started in 2010 ? 
  i agree eu is n't doing enough , but accepting more refugees is n't the solution . 
  dying to reach better economic opportunities , would be a more appropriate title . 
  and i think it will be much harder to justify to our grandchildren why we threw away everything our grandfathers and grandmothers and everyone before them worked and died for . 
  do you guys breath air down there in ukraine ? 
  this is what you should 've started with . 
  it lasted so long though , the entire political discourse in sweden got destroyed by that one term . 
  no debate necessary , no arguments/facts needed , just call the other side racist and you 've won . 
  it 's nice to see that it does n't cut it anymore . 
  stickied as `` religious clash at migrant boat '' , and the entire thread was about censorship not the actual event ... 
  they refuse to identify themselves ? 
  why would we let people in who ca n't even be honest on where they 're from ? 
  god speed !, 
  good . 
  i 've always thought it was `` beastiality '' , not `` bestiality '' . 
  bestiality sounds like the sexual fixation of being the best . 
  the guy was dropped from performing in an event in estonia because of his support for the annexation of crimea . 
  stupid man . 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  yes , because we exploited them , time to fix things this time . 
  estonia big !, 
  good thing estonia saw this shit coming from a mile away , we barely use gas and most of the gas heaters can be switched to oil . 
  with how much we 're raising the excises our alcohol prices will soon match finland : ( . 
  yeah , i understand , i was just noting that it 's weird . 
  do n't give the natives a reason to get restless . 
  if their country gets well enough to self govern , then let them . 
  but  czech republic -- 0.11 %  poland -- 0.10 %  slovak republic -- 0.09 % are , although they donate less ? 
  weird . 
  i think you 're being overly dramatic . 
  although , i do n't get why they would shoot the wolves to protect the sheep then ? 
  japanese in / r/europe , that 's really rare and i 'm really active here . 
  honestly , recolonizing failed states in northern africa would probably be the best solution for everyone around . 
  their living standards would improve , we get access to a lot of labor , there would be less reason to immigrate to europe . 
  the corruption would end etc. 
  although this wo n't happen , since europe values democracy a great deal , which is n't bad , but a lot of people do n't understand that in some places democracy wo n't work . 
  maybe if we fix the country first then it would . 
  what 's with the formatting ? 
  what do the '' ... ... ... ... ... . '' mean ? 
  why is n't it ordered by the percentage ? 
  does n't norway reimburse the farmers in such situations ? 
  i 've heard a lot of places do . 
  how do you fix the mess in northern africa , short of recolonizing it ? 
   humans who have as much right to live on this land as we do . 
  how did you arrive at that conclusion ? 
  just purely hypothetical , say estonia was n't in the eu , we take out billions and billions in loans , live large , buy new cars , tank the entire country and economy and then all move to finland to escape our debt . 
  would that be a fair thing to do ? 
  would we have as much right to live in finland as the finnish people who built their country on hard work ? 
  yeah , move to countries that are much closer and you do n't have to take a boat to get to . 
  alive people can float when in water also , and it 's pretty obvious he meant floating in the sense that the people who are on the boats float , as evident by the picture of people floating on a ship . 
  the people on the ship also float , there 's exactly nothing that suggest he meant the people who drowned . 
  yes , ships float . 
  where does it make fun of the victims ? 
  it seems just in general at the immigrants coming by boat . 
  there are plenty of places you can legally hunt wolves , like estonia . 
  i think that 's a better option than spending 2 years in prison . 
  bestonia is ruled by our eternal leader lennart georg meri and his son andrus ansip . 
  you are right !, 
  in estonia . 
  it 's where there 's no kebab . 
  i think it 's the 6th pro-immigration article in the guardian in the past 3 days . 
  this is getting silly . 
  http://puu.sh/hlblg/963b624ddc.png you see that little flag ? 
  if you move your mouse over it , it even says the name of the country . 
  i 'm from estonia . 
  there are flairs in this sub , there 's one next to my name that shows where i 'm from . 
  i would n't mind , there is the issue of its geographical location , georgia is so far apart rest of eu and their application would probably take over a decade , because they 'd have to pass many reforms . 
  my best guess would be nothing in particular , maybe pump a bit more money into frontex , rescue a bit more migrants from drowning , but mostly it will stay the same . 
  development . 
  i could n't say anything particular , but we 're definitely better off in most regards . 
  and at the same time , you make me feel like you think they live in mud huts in some 30 people villages without electricity . 
  they do n't , they predominantly come from cities of hundreds of thousands of people , of course it 's pretty bad there , but it 's still pretty civilized . 
  there are no warlords in cities like that . 
   a test can be thrown pretty easily . 
  if you treat them like shit instead of real people , and they know they 'll be sent back , they wo n't have much incentive to cooperate with you . 
  and what records are you talking about ? 
  not everyone has papers , like i said . 
  there 's no incentive to throw the test , at some point the prospect of going back to their home country will seem like a better opinion to waste away at a detention center . 
  any records , call the local government , the country , the consulate . 
  there is always some sort of records . 
   simply not true .
