  wrong again . 
  do you have difficulty reading ? 
   prior to world war ii , jewish life flourished with the level of cultural autonomy accorded being the most extensive in all of europe , giving full control of education and other aspects of cultural life to the local jewish population . 
  [ 2 ] in 1936 , the british-based jewish newspaper the jewish chronicle reported that `` estonia is the only country in eastern europe where neither the government nor the people practice any discrimination against jews and where jews are left in peace and are allowed to lead a free and unmolested life and fashion it in accord with their national and cultural principles . '', 
  try reading it again . 
  what 's the source that those collaborators were estonian military leaders ? 
  your ass ? 
   estonian jewish population was extremely low , yet they got ethnically cleansed in nearly 100 % , thanks mostly due to estonian colaboration . 
  estonian population was extremely low , estonia did n't collaborate with anyone , our policy was staying neutral and toward the jews it is outlined in my last post . 
  a small number of idiots participated in the atrocities , which did n't have majority support however you try to look at it . 
  these are historical facts , no matter how you wish to twist them . 
  indeed . 
   prior to world war ii , jewish life flourished with the level of cultural autonomy accorded being the most extensive in all of europe , giving full control of education and other aspects of cultural life to the local jewish population . 
  [ 2 ] in 1936 , the british-based jewish newspaper the jewish chronicle reported that `` estonia is the only country in eastern europe where neither the government nor the people practice any discrimination against jews and where jews are left in peace and are allowed to lead a free and unmolested life and fashion it in accord with their national and cultural principles . '', 
  there were no ill feelings towards jews here , blaming our entire people and country for a measly 1000 to 1200 idiots participating in atrocities is dumb , when there 's concrete evidence that our national policy ( the will of the majority of people ) only supported them . 
   most of us ca n't probably show it on the map ... that 's why i suppose . 
  did n't think most poles are that ignorant . 
   edit : maybe also because of your ss legions and generally pro-german view during the ww2 . 
  even more ignorance . 
  estonia had only one official stance before getting occupied - staying neutral . 
  after we were annexed by russia in 1939 , there were wide scale repressions , deportations to siberia and general fear , when germans arrived , they were seen as liberators for many who 's family members were deported to siberia and gulags , never to be heard from again . 
  also the german occupation was much less repressive and a hope for restoration of independence remained , that 's why many chose to fight against russians with ss . 
  there was no information about nazi atrocities against jews here , much of which even the allies with their vast spy networks only learned after the end of the war . 
  it had nothing to do with anyone here supporting their ideology , but only a wish for independence , so blaming us for that in any way is beyond ridiculous . 
  the fuck guys ? 
  why do n't you love estonia like you 're supposed to ? 
  please keep in mind that several studies have found that over 50 % of those claiming to be children are actually adults . 
  so the actual percentage of women and children is even smaller . 
  no i would n't , i would much rather live here and if i did n't , sweden and germany would n't be too high on my list . 
  swedish media is n't even worth talking about . 
  in estonia our private newspapers are biased as hell , but at least the national news service takes quite an unbiased tone . 
  it 's a joke that a publicly funded news agency can be as biased as the bbc . 
  most of the staff there should get fired on the spot . 
  the hero we need . 
  you 'd need to extend it to latvia soon , considering how fast we 're raising the excises on alcohol . 
  the problem is that a lot of the politicians currently elected have n't got the support of the people , the next round of elections will really clean house . 
  even in estonian newspapers , the comment sections in news about hungary all show unanimous support . 
  i got more of a world war z vibe . 
  except they say `` terviseks '' here , which directly translates to `` for good health '' . 
  tfw never been blessed : < . 
  how do you tackle migrant poverty ? 
  when there 's so many coming ? 
  there 's no way to `` tackle '' this issue . 
  why does it matter why they do it ? 
  even if it is socioeconomic reasons ( which it probably is to a degree ) that does n't help you at all , it 's not like you can solve it by giving all of them a million euros . 
  there 's no way they 're not going to be poor if they come here . 
  so the only question is , is if it 's worth making the life of locals more unsafe , with accepting massive amounts of migrants . 
  the policeman and bear make sense , what 's with the priest though ? 
  apparently i ca n't read . 
  i read bulgaria instead of budapest . 
  i do love posting that video any time i can though . 
  [ this is how it went for the last young woman who went to bulgaria ] ( https://youtu.be/jw8dnstf3te ), 
  by the same logic , you 're giving death/torture penalty to african children who die of hunger and diarrhea for doing nothing . 
  you 're not the executioner , just that the person is no longer of your concern if he 's committed such an act . 
  i think as soon as someone is found guilty of rape , murder , pedophilia etc , there should n't be any responsibility to give that person asylum , it 's no longer your concern what happens with him when sent back . 
  norway actually deports migrants as well , who misbehave , that probably has influence on how people feel as well . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_general_election,_2018#poll_results according to sentio 3-9 . 
  september poll they 're already first . 
  depends on the country they 're coming from and to which country they 're coming to . 
  my dad has a hunting rifle , i 've fired at some bottles in the water , that 's basically all the contact i 've had with guns . 
  even police does n't often carry guns , and a very small amount of crimes involve any firearms . 
  italy has almost the as much of a problem as greece , but lately it seems going through turkey has become more popular . 
  although italy has been saying that they 're overwhelmed and was one of the countries pushing for the quotas and also threatened to give all migrants schengen visas so they could leave if something is n't done . 
  spain has n't been in the news much , since they are n't on the popular routes currently and they are much less friendly about accepting refugees . 
  i have n't even noticed 88 being used much , i 've only noticed my birth year used a lot , but probably because it 's more noticeable to me . 
  birth year ? 
  staph , pls . 
  based w2eu , does n't include the baltics on the map , thanks !, 
  nope , you 're reading the maps wrong . 
  good thing they are then . 
  for you . 
  thankfully it 's not very large scale , but there is some . 
  we 've gotten our emigration rates rather low lately and those that do leave are mostly the less skilled workers . 
  if they keep it up for a long enough time , maybe estonia can finally take it 's righteous place as having the best education in europe according to pisa . 
  literally the first sentence : `` a recent eurobarometer poll ... '', 
  can you point me to the original submission ? 
  i tried search and looked through 3 pages of new but could n't find it . 
   you also do n't have some other things like , for instance , absolutely massive infrastructure that needs maintenance , several regions with harsh climate , islamist terrorists sponsored by saudis and all the foreign debt of the ussr . 
  that 's a ridiculous excuse , you have more people to pay for that infrastructure as well and most of your population is concentrated in the west part of russia . 
  i would bet our infrastructure costs are higher per capita . 
  how do regions with harsh climate cost money ? 
  it 's not like almost anyone lives there anyway . 
  in the grand scheme of things the islamist terrorist are n't much of an expense and in a big part your own fault as well , for not giving chechnya independence . 
  the entirety of ussr debt has been paid as of 2006 . 
   there are scientific methods of measuring inequality [ 1 ] , and then there is ... this . 
  counting billionaires , seriously ? 
  110 people holding 35 % of the wealth in russia is normal ? 
  us has ridiculous income disparity as well , but at least they mostly got there by contributing with something , technology , medicine , etc. 
  in russia they got there by being buddies with putin and using resources that should belong to the russian people to line their own pockets . 
   in 2013 , russian exports without oil/gas were larger than total russian exports pre-2000 . 
  comparing 1990-2000 to anything is pretty pointless , because it was a transitional period from communism to capitalism , every country was struggling that spawned again from the collapse of the ussr . 
  estonian gdp has grown 3x from 2000 to 2015 . 
  yet we have no oil or any resources to sell , still wealthier per capita than russia . 
  the only reason that 's so , is because of the corruption in russia . 
   actually , regular people see much more of the oil/gas money ( in form of the taxes ) than they did before putin . 
  http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-billionaire-wealth-inequality/25132471.html the biggest wealth inequality in the world , do n't kid yourself , you are being stolen from by putin and his oligarch friends . 
  no , they get placed in foster care like it 's done with regular criminals . 
  [ dave benton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dave_benton ) - a man born in the caribbean , he was one of the two singers in our 2001 eurovision song `` everybody '' with which we won . 
  sigh . . 
  but putin has nothing to do with it , it 's just oil and gas money .
