  if anything they 'd be much better off without putin and co putting a lot of that gas money into their pockets . 
  what comments ? 
  you 're probably right , but it would fix a lot of issues if it were an alternative . 
   galina koevajeva ( 54 ) does not vote . 
  `` all politicians cheat a lot . 
  we only believe in putin . 
  if he would take the matter forward , it would be solved . 
  but his influence does not extend to kostroma . 
  `` her eyes begin to shine . 
  `` but i have heard that he might visit us . '', 
  this just makes me incredibly sad for the russian people , that they 've been brainwashed so hard . 
   i 'm not sure that idea will sit very well with the people in question . 
  the people who cost the state an incredible amount of taxpayer money to get one of the strongest educations in the world and then leave without contributing anything back ? 
  i do n't exactly care how it sits with those people , nor do most anyone else . 
  they 're taking advantage of everyone else . 
  well it would let those countries make it more difficult to leave with your higher education , without a lot of qq from the eu . 
  for example forcing people to reimburse the state for their higher education if they do n't pay taxes in their country for a certain period . 
  i do n't think this is too unreasonable if done sensibly , i think estonia for example would be happy to contribute economically to helping with the situation , but taking in any considerable number of refugees is very difficult for us . 
  i would n't be so pessimistic , seems like you 're taking out the garbage and i believe you can even surpass that projection if you stay on track . 
  but they 're our friends ... 
  is n't really her call , is it ? 
  i think the bigger opposition is about the mandatory nature of the quotas as well . 
  at least that 's what politicians here seem to be most concerned about . 
  because they saw this clip - https://youtu.be/jw8dnstf3te, 
   maybe finland should ship them to estonia i thought we were friends ... 
   living in a country is n't about salaries only . 
  we are at the same level as bulgaria and romania and baltics , there people have bigger salaries , what is a big point but not enough . 
  other things are worse . 
  of course not , but if there 's an easy way to increase them , why deny it to yourself ? 
   also for example eu can possibly order us to to close our future nuclear powerstation , as it did in lithuania . 
  it did no such thing with lithuania , + it 's such a irrelevant point anyway , since it comes down to money , and if your purchasing power is higher , it does n't matter how you generate your electricity . 
   they had incredible growth until they had something to sell . 
  i remember very well when baltics were called `` baltic tigers '' because of their economical growth . 
  what do you mean something to sell ? 
  baltics have almost no resources , everything we do is on education and merit alone . 
  this is what has made us much richer than belarus . 
   but of course there are histories of success , like poland or czech republic , but these countries have very deep economic ties to germany and i am not sure that germany will help us as tit helped them . 
  what economic ties does estonia have to germany ? 
  we 're at about the same level as both . 
  our freedoms have n't decreased one bit , only economic cooperation , and many things that benefit the consumers . 
  i think you 've been somewhat brainwashed by your media , the grass is really much greener here . 
   joining eu will mean collapse of our economy . 
  no thanks . 
  you do understand that every member that has joined has had incredible growth ? 
  why would yours collapse instead ? 
  you 're poorer than every member of eu except bulgaria . 
  30 % poorer than your old bruvs in lithuania , with whom you started from the same spot in 1991 . 
   the interests of belarus are to live in europe without blocks , walls , wars and conflicts and to trade with eu and russia . 
  that is what lukashenko and belarus are trying to do . 
  if that were in your interests , you 'd be campaigning to join the eu . 
  less blocks/walls , better economy etc. 
   if sd are at 26.5 % , why has there not emerged some media support of them ? 
  i would have thought that this constituency must be big enough for some media support . 
  it 's pretty much the same everywhere . 
  uk is probably one of the few countries that has any publications that are n't extremely leftist and those are mostly tabloids . 
  i wondered this myself and then i made a sudden realization , * think about the people who go to study journalism * or similar things . 
  those fields draw certain type of people , that 's why there 's also such an obvious bias in almost every major publication . 
  i do n't either , but op 's question was `` what if they do refuse '' . 
  estonia said that we 'd be willing to accept some more , but on purely voluntary basis , we wo n't be voting for anything that makes this mandatory . 
  although , if it does come with this pretty cheap opt-out option ( which extends to more circumstances then natural catastrophe ) we might go with it and just pay the money instead of taking the refugees . 
  ( the current proposed sum would be 0,002 % of gdp , which is only 390 000 euros for estonia ), 
  you 're most likely right , but they could make staying in eu unfavorable for the country , so they 'd have to leave on their own , which basically creates the same outcome . 
  so i think this is mostly arguing semantics . 
  well they could pass legislation to make that possible , if it has majority support . 
  so it 's not like it 's something binding . 
  i think workers unions are pretty limited here and mostly for public positions only , like teachers , doctors etc. 
  ( iirc it 's illegal for cops to have an union ) . 
  so i doubt we have anything of that sort here . 
  of course it is , just because there is n't specific legislation on how it would happen , does n't stop a country from leaving . 
  how would they stop anyone ? 
  well , first of all , this mandate would have to get the majority support in the commission of interior and justice ministers , where every country has the same amount of votes . 
  so getting it passed there is difficult , if many disagree and it already failed once . 
  they also want to include to this mandate that they would fine countries 0,002 % of their gdp if they refuse and have a meaningful reason to refuse . 
  ( which is a very small amount of money , for estonia for example it 's only 390 000 euros ) but if the commission finds they do n't have meaningful reason to refuse , the country would probably be fined more and maybe taken to court . 
  at some point if a country is still not successful in defending itself , it probably comes down to either comply or leave the eu . 
  i 'm no expert though , but that 's how i think it currently is . 
  although eu has been rather spineless thus far , so i 'd imagine that they 'd rather give in to countries refusing than to really push the issue . 
  nice try , muslim terrorist . 
  according to [ urbandictionary ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=ia ) , that ' short for `` insha allah '' , a popular muslim saying before they kill the kafir . 
  you thought you could fool everyone , did n't you ? 
  well you did n't fool me !, 
  nice try ... ^ ^ i 've ^ ^ heard ^ ^ germany ^ ^ is ^ ^ good , ^ ^ definitely ^ ^ would n't ^ ^ recommend ^ ^ worstonia . 
  people born in 88 is one of the main demographics of / r/europe , https://i.imgur.com/fksfh.png this is 2012 / r/europe poll results . 
  you have really went off your rocker now ? 
  why does poland get singled out ? 
  estonia , czech republic and many others have exactly the same stance , this feels like some tactic to try to portray countries opposing to be in the minority and shame everyone to accept the quotas . 
  mandatory quotas were already disagreed upon once , now they try the same thing again , but with 3x more refugees ? 
  where 's the logic ? 
  i like john green as much as the next guy , but this was a ridiculously one sided description of the refugee crisis . 
  i had to learn it by heart in latin class when i was studying law , i had to learn it by heart once more in my fraternity and they play it at university ceremonies . 
  it is , but because they are n't kept locked up during processing , then they just leave . 
  yet most of them are n't actually deported , even if denied asylum , they just go on the lamb and become illegals . 
  i do n't want to fuck you , it would be cheaper and i think better all around if we payed you for housing the migrants + extra . 
  i think that 's what we should do . 
  i think the threat of prison would do the trick for most of them and for others a short stay would be enough . 
  i doubt the actual costs would come anywhere near what you 're suggesting . 
  they stop being asylum seekers if they reach a safe country , so i doubt it 's legal for turkey to let them leave all willy-nilly . 
  there are currently 100k people who refuse to identify themselves in italy ? 
  yeah , good luck . 
  first you 'd need to get the majority , which already failed once , so i do n't see how it would n't fail now .
