  we still like you guys a lot , but recently sweden seems to have sailed in directions we do n't really understand . 
  34-36 when i was in school some years back , they tried to make it 24 but did n't have enough space , so they scrapped that , but i think they are trying again now , since the baby boom kids have all finished school . 
  i think 24 would be probably better , but i do n't think it matters * that * much , since even with classrooms with 36 people , estonia absolutely demolished on pisa . 
  it has become somewhat of a joke in estonia lately that if sweden is doing it , it 's probably a bad idea . 
  in estonia it 's the same as in the title `` kes l\u00f6\u00f6b , see armastab !, 
  '' , but it 's more of a joke you say to kids when young boys get too rough with girls , to stop them from doing it , because they get embarrassed . 
  is n't it easier to borrow a gps and use wifi ? 
  if you 're only using it for directions and reservations . 
   people do n't even shake hands . 
  in ffact any type of physical contact seems strictly forbidden . 
  strangely uttering the words `` good morning '' seems to be considered physical contact , usually they would just throw a quick glance at you . 
  i worked 18 months in an office and i did n't known the names of people sitting across the desk ( because being ignored when entering the office did n't really boost my socializing iniatives ) . 
  and i fucking love it , the respect people here have for other people 's personal space is matched only in few parts of the world . 
  and it 's not like people dislike others , i 'd run to help a complete stranger if he would be in trouble . 
  yes , but those are in a totally different key . 
  this is just some idiot , you can find idiots like that in every country , a lot of them even in your precious russia , so it 's pointless . 
  you 're just trying to smear ukraine , like you always do and fail miserably at it , like you always do . 
  whatever they are paying you , i do n't think you 're worth it . 
  i 'm not saying we should exactly campaign against being religious , but we should help those that want to leave religion . 
  although i also believe we should be making some efforts to curb out religion , like raising awerness , but that 's a different matter . 
  this is something europe should be investing in , people leaving religion is good for all around , so we should make it easier for those that do . 
  like providing shelters for young people who are disowned by their families , support groups , etc. 
  leaving religion should n't be something that destroys your life in europe , it should be something to be celebrated here . 
  because it 's completely irrelevant to this sub . 
  aww yiss . 
  finns party is a real party , ekre is pretty much a joke . 
  i would not equate the two . 
  true finns are nothing like ekre . 
  estonian politicians have the same problem , but the public opinion is very one-sided on this matter , so it 's forcing their hand . 
  is anyone keeping score on how countries are leaning on this ? 
  i know estonia , finland and latvia have openly said that we do n't support that proposal , but i have n't really kept tabs on other countries stances . 
  the fuck ? 
  people actually do this ? 
  this would never fly in estonia . 
  muh personal space !, 
  you do n't even hug people unless it 's a special occasion like a birthday and maybe not even then . 
  seems like an awfully long route to take , when there are many stable countries around . 
  indonesia is n't as great some people make it out to be , it 's still a poor country with serious human rights issues . 
   people complain about politicans year after another but there has not even been any proper protests against it . 
  do you ever have large protests ? 
  i do n't think we 've ever had a large protest except ruskies rioting because of the statue . 
  it just feels like something people do n't do here . 
  they were n't exactly famous before the incident , at least outside of france , that 's why i find / u/baffledplato 's claim that they 're most well-known kinda misleading , the fact that a bunch of their writers got murdered does n't exactly make their opinion relevant . 
   i 'm only saying that time did not stand still . 
  and ignoring these 50 years goes against the principle that laws should be based on facts . 
  that 's exactly the opposite of how estonians feel , time did stand still for us for 50 years . 
  it 's like going to prison , those are wasted years . 
   furthermore , these things happened to all populations in the soviet union , including the russian . 
  in conclusion you were all equally treated like shit . 
  completely untrue , russians in estonia were in a much higher position than estonians in estonia . 
   it was n't taken because it only made sense given the perceived continuity with the pre war republic . 
  no , the continuity with the pre war republic was put in law so that the baltic states could exclude the population that arrived during the soviet era from politics . 
  we went back to our pre-war constitution ( with some changes ) , flag , motto , borders , anthem , currency , name and pretty much * everything * else . 
  for all intents and purposes it was a continuation of pre-war republic . 
  it was not some ploy to deny citizenship to russians living here . 
  it was n't a brand new country , it was continuation of the first republic . 
  the problem with that idea is that the people who are behind the corruption are the ones who would decide if they 'd allow these officials to `` babysit '' them . 
  so they would ever accept that , because they 'd be shooting themselves in the foot . 
  i think these problems will never solve themselves and if they do , it will become a total mess first with massive loss of life . 
  there 's only one solution i see , but things have to get much worse before anyone would really take this seriously . 
  i think there should be a `` humanitarian colonization '' of these failed states , and if it 's done right they 'd be able to stand on their own feet in a few decades and we could pull out . 
   politically yes . 
  but soviet society radically changed the countries through urbanization , modernization and immigration . 
  that is n't to be interpreted as a justification of soviet annexation . 
  just saying that society changed a lot in these 50 years . 
  so you 're attributing things that would 've happened naturally anyway ( urbanization and modernization ) to soviet union ? 
  things that the soviet union actually held back from happening faster and better ? 
  i 'm not following you again . . 
  there 's not a single positive thing about the soviet occupation , they did n't give us anything , they only massively held us back , which is really obvious if you look at finland now , which was a pretty similar country , with similar people , similar interests , similar landscape and similar everything else and where they are now or if you look at the general economics of estonia pre-wwii . 
  we were actually doing pretty well . 
   that 's still a form ius sanguinis though . 
  now , you could argue that the reestablishment of the baltic republics kind of circumvents accusations of discrimination . 
  but i think the context wherein this decision was made tells another story . 
  and what would that context be ? 
  you think there 's some evil plan by estonians to discriminate against russians living here ? 
  `` haha ! , we took away the chance of some of them to vote on general elections , except when they pass a simple language test , now they 'll never succeed !! '', 
  the truth is , that we went with what made the most sense in our context , not to marginalize any group of people . 
  estonia has never been about that . 
  we would 've been in our rights to deport people who illegally colonized us , take back the land and properties that were illegally taken from their estonian owners and given to these colonizers . 
  we could 've done a million things to directly or indirectly `` punish '' the colonizers living here and on the world stage most countries would 've said we 're in our rights , but we did n't . 
  we did nothing of the sort . 
  there is no real discrimination , it 's lies spun by the russian propaganda machine . 
  of course the situation might seem strange to outsiders , since there 's not much in the terms of precedent , but that does n't make it wrong . 
  if anything , colonizers are usually ejected after the colonization ends and we 're the good guys in this story . 
  well-known since a bunch of their writers got brutally murdered , not because they make particularly good satire . 
  facts are relevant , this poorly written piece not so much . . 
  sure , but how is it relevant to this sub ? 
  what does it matter what the english name is ? 
  i have no idea what half the estonian parties are called in english , as do n't 90 % + of the voters . 
  whining about that is disingenuous . 
  pretty pointless article overall , reads as an attack piece that makes no effort to present the facts in an unbiased way . 
   according to the publication the party leadership reveals its skill in how it deals with these kinds of awkward missteps by publicly distancing itself from `` black sheep '' like sademies . 
   it missed some of the most important developments that made the baltics in what they are today . 
  what developments ? 
  baltics are now much more similar to the functioning of the first republics than they are to the soviet period . 
   the majority of the estonian , latvian and lithuanian people were n't even born in the old republics , but still got their citizenship handed to them while others did not . 
  people who were citizens before 1940 and their descendants got citizenship , nationality had nothing to do with it . 
  many russians who lived here before the occupation and their descendants got citizenship like estonians did . 
  i 'm honestly missing the point you 're trying to make here . . 
  why does it not make sense ?
