  visa free travel for russia ? 
  they should be completely banned from entering europe considering the shit they 're pulling in ukraine . 
  that 's not okay . 
  source , please ? 
  visas currently for ukraine are still somewhat limited , i support giving ukrainians work visas where necessary , but the current situation creates a lot of people who will illegally work in the eu and wo n't pay taxes which i believe is bad . 
  i agree, 
   do n't worry in-eu immigrants are doing the same in other countries . 
  the difference being that most do n't and they have the option to work legally , while people abusing tourist visas would n't . 
  i have no problem with ukrainians staying permanently either , if it 's done in manageable numbers and legally . 
  the problem with people abusing tourist visas is that they wo n't pay taxes . 
  who 's going to check if they wo n't cross the border into germany for example ? 
  i 'm absolutely not against ukrainians working in europe if they do so by legal means and in manageable numbers . 
  my fear is that this will cause a lot of people to work illegally in the eu without paying taxes . 
  yeah , the eastern eu members had fulfilled most of their accession terms and were n't at war or facing economic collapse . 
  there 's a million internally displaced people in ukraine at the moment , this does n't really compare . 
   addendum : and what i said about us attracting workers was a personal opinion . 
  i think it would be good for all parties involved to have some kind of legal framework through which we can attract ukrainian/georgian workers ( legally ) since we have labor shortages in some industries . 
  i fully support that . 
  why do you think they will stay in poland ? 
  there 's schengen , they can go pretty much everywhere once inside . 
  also that does n't give them the right to work in poland , they 'd be working illegally and not paying taxes . 
  the population of ukraine is almost 15x bigger than moldova though and there 's no war there or economic collapse . 
  they 're very different situations . 
  and i doubt the workers would stay in romania . 
  also the workers would be working in romania illegally since those visas do n't give them the permission to work , so they do n't pay taxes . 
  how ? 
  they probably wo n't stay in romania . 
  it 's really difficult with the propaganda they 're doing . 
  the majority of the public are completely brainwashed , how do you undo that ? 
  new and exciting uk . 
  seriously though , it 's funny how intolerant the people who preach tolerance often are . 
  i do n't think this is a very good idea , considering the dire state ukraine is in , there would probably be millions of people trying to take advantage of that and breach the tourist visa conditions to live and work in the eu . 
  add a bit more and you get a good android device . 
  germany is the eu . 
  it has nothing to do with ignorance , it 's just preventing the transmission of diseases . 
  do you understand that gay people have a higher percentage of hiv positives ? 
  it 's about decreasing risk , and it 's totally justified . 
   1 ) what places are worth of visiting in estonia ? 
  in summer time p\u00e4rnu , saaremaa and hiiumaa are really nice . 
  tallinn old town is very beautiful and popular with the tourists . 
   2 ) do you think there are chances for improvement of estonian-russian relationship and what steps should be made for it ? 
  believe it or not , estonia wants good relations with russia , but russia is making it very hard with the ukraine situation , constant airspace violations , general dick waving and propaganda against estonia . 
   3 ) what are fashion trends in your country ? 
  i do n't know anything about fashion . 
   4 ) could you link some cool recipes of estonian cuisine ? 
  estonia does n't really have a cuisine , at least not that i know of , we are simple folk , potatoes and meat , soup , black bread etc. 
  do you honestly believe anyone will read that ? 
  just answer him normally if you want to argue . 
   most people think that having 3-4 beers or glasses of wine a day is normal i do n't think there are many people who think that 's normal , that 's alcoholism . 
  [ oh , god . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jgysrxf.gif ) i seriously hope this does n't pass . 
  i think they 'll be getting a lot more votes the next election . 
  so they are planning to leave the eu ? 
  because as long as they are a member they ca n't do this . 
  hope they do n't go full retard with this , alcohol in moderation has no negative health effects , so i hope they do n't give alcohol the tobacco treatment . 
  there are a lot of places where it 's a 100 miles , europe does n't have a very high population density and in europe the urban population is much bigger than the rural population , so finding yourself 50-100 miles from `` civilization '' is n't very difficult . 
  even more so when you consider places like norway , sweden and finland . 
  all jobs that do n't require tedious mental or physical activity . 
  security guards for example . 
  depends on the work you 're doing . 
  holy shit how annoying it is when they fuck up their stereo and the guy is only talking to my left ear . 
  i just ca n't suffer through even 2 minutes of this . 
  like what ? 
  do you mean the `` juudid ahju '' thing ? 
  you have to incite violence for it to be considered hate speech and even then nobody usually really cares . 
  america is an immigrant country , the entire country consists of immigrants and is founded on immigration . 
  this is n't the case for europe , where many places have had rather homogeneous native populations for thousands and thousands of years . 
  i 'm most likely a descendant of a person who lived right around here some 3000-5000 years ago . 
  well done , spain . 
  ballsy move in the current political climate , i hope all goes well . 
  u wot m8t ? 
  romania is n't promising ? 
  they 've had incredible growth in the past years , i 'm absolutely sure in 5 years romanians will have a much better standard of living than russians . 
  estonia can into economy . 
  what 's wrong with being compared to romania ? 
   i feel that we are subsidizing your defense with very little benefit to our own economy . 
  this is untrue , us does n't have the defense spending it does because of europe . 
  well at least poland is doing pretty well , so they must have gotten something right . . 
  daily pro-immigration article from the guardian \u2713 !, 
  i do n't believe any serious number of those refugees ever intend to return home . 
  or they would n't request refugee status so far away from home . 
  if they did , my view on this whole ordeal would be rather different . 
  if it does n't fix anything then why do it ? 
  there is obvious negative impact on europe . 
  we give people the incentive to risk their lives for this and many do die . 
  we promote human trafficking . 
  those who come are usually young able bodied men who belong in the middle class of their country , a certain loss for their host countries as well . 
  i 'm all for helping those people , but i just do n't understand how accepting refugees into europe is a good thing . 
  to me it seems like a bad solution all around . 
  you mistook my argument , i 'm saying it 's not a solution because we ca n't import the entire continent . 
  letting some of the refugees in does nothing to help fix the problems they 're escaping from in the first place . 
  it 's not only about terrorism , but economic impact , social cohesion , crime and much else . 
  the reality is , that we ca n't import entire continents of people into europe , there is tangible evidence that current policies are having a negative effect on europe . 
  europe should help those countries , but accepting refugees does n't really solve anything . 
  it 's a bad solution all around , except for the chosen few who make it here , if they do n't die on the way . 
  i 'd agree if they were entitled to be here , but they 're not . 
  we have to stand for our interests too . 
  i 'm not saying everyone is , but the conservative hicks are part of the package when accepting refugees , it 's not like you can test for something like that . 
  i do n't think eu exactly does nothing , considering all the aid and military help . 
  their neighbors are from the same culture , so there are less issues with them having to live in secular societies .
