  i do n't see how giving more refugees and economic migrants the incentive to risk their life on the mediterranean is the right thing . 
  no , i said i would have been very surprised if finland denied them entry . 
  currently i 'm not surprised at all . 
  are you joking ? 
  that 's not 11 % of our economy , a country 's economy is n't just exports , i just explained this as well . 
  half of that export would probably find a new destination right away , the rest would maybe cause a few percent gdp drop , which would recover in a few years . 
  what people are you talking about ? 
  russian tourists ? 
  estonia is n't a really attractive tourists destination for rich russian tourists anyway , those people go somewhere warmer . 
  not really something that would affect us much either . 
  well , i 'm no economist , but i 'm guessing for at least half of those exports , we 'd find a different destination rather quickly . 
  our gdp would maybe drop 1-2 % but it would recover rather fast and the government can support the people who lost their market until they find another . 
  11 % of exports go to russia , i think we would survive . 
  i would 've been very very surprised if finland had denied them entry . 
  oh , well i guess it 's not that bad then , but yeah it still sucks . 
  hope you guys will get accepted to schengen soon !, 
  can you tell me what the current situation is with travelling and working in eu for romanians ? 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_diaspora  estonia northern europe 456 http://i.imgur.com/uqmrdb5.jpg why are they so worried at nl , all of them will go to sweden anyway . 
  seems like that is being cleared up though . 
  i hope they accept you soon , you 're not even poor poor anymore . 
  romania is n't in schengen ? 
  i did not know that . 
  do you know why ? 
  we actually get pretty cheap electricity ourselves , we have tremendous oil shale reserves , we do n't really need * any outside help . 
  also there are 2 cables going to finland as well . 
  estonia is not dependent on russian energy . 
  we do n't know . 
  politicians do n't talk about immigration at all , since it has n't really been an issue till now for estonia . 
  we refuse almost all asylum claims and nobody wants to come here anyway , when there are countries with better economic opportunities and established communities . 
  i think this will become a topic here soon , though . 
  other countries do n't recognize them at all . 
  the thread does n't really clear anything up , one person claims he was born in sweden , the other says it was baghdad . 
  i do n't understand why you 're taking this so personally , we are just discussing , we 're not accusing anybody of anything and i completely agree that i could be wrong . 
  it just seems like an odd case . 
  how am i being a bigot ? 
  do n't bother , i have him flagged as a troll , he 's the same level of idiot as the `` right-in_the_pussy '' guy . 
  how many cars were torched ? 
  they were pretty mild in comparison and it 's the only serious one in about 24 years . 
  i doubt something like that can happen again . 
  why not ? 
  i think it 's pretty interesting and i think it 's good to see how they 're cleaning up the place , this should be big news everywhere to show people that corruption can be fought and you can win and maybe places like hungary , greece , italy etc will take notice and do the same . 
  but why though ? 
  why would you light someones car on fire ? 
  `` i do n't like the expo , i 'm gon na destroy someones personal property , that 'll show em '' . 
  i ca n't grasp it . 
  i just do n't understand this , i could never picture something like that happening in estonia . 
  so basically what 's happening is that germany is funding a ferry service to transport migrants to europe . 
  just have to make it a bit off shore . 
  which will result in even more people trying to get across , then at some point the 2 ships wo n't be enough to deal with all of them . 
  some people drown again , germany sends more ships and around and around we go . 
  so promise not to extradite on the current charges us has made . 
  like what ? 
  which he has completely agreed to on the grounds that sweden promises not to extradite him to the us . 
  not a very unreasonable request . 
   do you have anything else than that picture making you believe he is not 14 ? 
  no , but the person on the picture is in no way 14 years old . 
   who says he is even an asylum seeker ? 
  nobody , but it would offer some explanation why a person who is clearly older than 14 , would be considered 14 . 
  since it 's a wide spread practice among people seeking asylum . 
   it did n't even say he was 14 now , just that he held the record for 14 year olds . 
  might have beaten that record 3 years ago for all we know . 
  did i miss like half the article or what ? 
  could be , i was just speculating , but it does seem odd . 
  could be that you 're right and there 's nothing weird about it . 
  all 0,01 % of them ? 
  the asylum seekers often lie about their age , since it 's harder to refuse people under the age of 18 . 
  he 's obviously not 14 , but there 's really no way to prove otherwise if he destroyed his documents . 
  they might have been citizens but they still identified themselves as jews rather than estonians . 
  do n't play dumb , please . 
  do those countries have near 100 % salafists ? 
   radical salafists this is a lie . 
  that 's a much more general problem of islam as a whole . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2005/07/14/islamic-extremism-common-concern-for-muslim-and-western-publics/  percentage of muslims with unfavorable views of jews in majority muslim countries : jordan - 100 percent lebanon - 99 percent egypt - 98 percent morocco - 88 percent indonesia - 76 percent pakistan - 74 percent turkey - 60 percent  percentage of muslims with unfavorable views of jews in western countries : poland - 27 percent russia - 26 percent germany - 21 percent spain - 20 percent france - 16 percent canada - 11 percent united states - 7 percent great britain - 6 percent, 
  how are jews relevant to what i just said ? 
  for estonians soviets were far shittier . 
  for jews nazis were shittier . 
  two different things . 
  you mean limiting immigration is a result of xenophobia ? 
  why ? 
  there are plenty of economic and social ( crime ) reasons to be against some forms of immigration . 
  he provided ample sources , he 's not writing his masters here . 
  if you disagree with him , then provide your own sources , not ask for him to post more . 
  wanting to limit immigration is xenophobia ? 
  his estimations are entirely reasonable with the facts provided , if you do n't agree , maybe ** post a source that disproves him ** instead of asking him to source every word he says . 
  i do n't know of any western country that does n't have immunity on mps , there are very good reason why there is immunity , i think democracy would suffer if you did remove it . 
  the current system is better than the alternative . 
  ireland , sweden , australia ... ? 
  you are 30 something years old ? 
  how many countries have you lived in ? 
  seems like many . 
  you do understand that foreign investment into property is n't exactly good for the majority of the public , since it artificially raises property prices , meaning the locals will have a harder time buying a home . 
  the truth is , eu could pull the rug from under russia in a heartbeat , an embargo would completely destroy russia , europe would of course lose some profits as well , but it 's not even in the same ballpark what russia would face . 
  if russia keeps going like it is , this might be a reality soon . 
  yes , our economy would be in shambles would it not be for all the rich russian tourists ... 
  that 's the biggest difference ? 
  yeah , would like some background information . 
  how different are the languages really ? 
  ( i read on wikipedia they 're mutually intelligible ) what is the difference between czech and slovak people ? 
  the soviets were far shittier than the nazis for many countries , like estonia . 
  are you joking ?
