  the real refugees stay at the first safe place and wait for the conflict to end . 
  i do n't . 
  also `` kuub '' means an overcoat in estonian . 
  do other countries report on the murders and homicides * not discovered * in their official statistics ? 
  you never know when you have to switch gears . 
  can estonia join up ? 
  there are only 13 cities in europe that have a higher population that 1.3 million . 
  i 'll do my best . 
  what else is there to say ? 
  you try to shit on something positive that happened in estonia for no reason and you do it so terribly that you only show off your own ignorance . 
  it does n't take a lot of critical thinking to realize that taking `` a random 1 mil city somewhere in europe '' would definitely not have the same result . 
  nor would it be likely when taking any of the 13 cities as big or bigger than estonia in population . 
  furthermore , nobody claimed estonia has the lowest homicide rate in europe . 
  considering 2015 stats there are many countries that have lower homicide rates than estonia . 
  but it was the lowest year on record for estonia and likely lowest january on record as well . 
  which is a big deal for us , and something positive to share with others . 
  you do n't go to a thread about india launching the first satellite and say `` who cares , usa did it before '' . 
  so how else should i respond to trolls like you ? 
  it 's a promise every country made , i 'm pretty sure that either everybody or almost everybody would stick to it . 
  the repercussions if they did n't would probably be worse than helping . 
   this year started well in terms of serious crimes , because in january there was not a single homicide or murder . 
   if in january last year there were two homicides including attempted homicides , although no murder , then this year , there was n't a single homicide or murder , confirmed the ministry of justice . 
   last year , the loss of life offenses as a result of the preliminary data is 40 people , which is the all-time lowest score . 
  along with the attempted offenses last year , there were 38 homicides and 12 murders , in which 40 people lost their lives . 
  a year earlier it was 42 homicides and 13 murders and 42 lives lost , says the ministry of justice . 
   in 2013 the homicides and murders totalled 62 , and of those 52 people lost their lives . 
  in 2012 , a total of 80 homicides and murders resulted in 64 deaths , 2011 , these figures were respectively 100 and 65 thereof . 
   for example , in 2005 there were with attempted offenses 137 offenses and 19 murders , in which 123 people lost their lives . 
  tl ; dr no killings in january , also 2015 was the best year on record as homicides and murders are concerned . 
  they already are on board , when they joined nato . 
  that 's the entire point . 
  if russia attacks turkey on turkish soil , nato is absolutely obligated to help turkey , unless turkey actually deliberately attacks russian troops . 
  it has already been released that he is not under 18 . 
  google translate of the press release :  inger st\u00f8jberg stop accommodation of child brides in asylum centers going forward , asylum-seekers under 18 years can not live with a spouse or partner . 
  in actual cases of child brides get pairs now separated . 
  immigration , integration and housing inger st\u00f8jberg proceeds now against child brides in danish asylum centers and ask immigration to change practice . 
  going forward , no minor asylum seekers live with a spouse or partner . 
   immigration , integration and housing inger st\u00f8jberg says :  `` it is totally unacceptable that currently lives minors in the danish asylum system with a spouse or partner , and i have asked the immigration service to immediately put a stop to it . 
  of course we must ensure that young girls will not be forced to live in a relationship with an adult in the reception centers . '', 
   in january launched inger st\u00f8jberg an expedited hearing to get an overview of the extent of child brides in danish asylum centers . 
  urgent consultation shows that there are currently accommodated 27 minors , where operators at asylum centers are aware that minors have a spouse or partner in the same or another asylum center or nonresident spouse or partner . 
   under the current practice , minor asylum seekers under 15 are always accommodated separately from their spouse or partner . 
  it can not be excluded that some couples initially anyway have been accommodated together , for example , because it is not immediately after their arrival at the asylum center has been clear that there is a minor under 15 years . 
   in cases involving minors aged 15 or over have immigration assessed in each case whether he should stay with a spouse or partner . 
  it has been based on professional assessments and interests of the child . 
   under the new guidelines , no minors under 18 years stay in the same reception center as a spouse or partner . 
  this also applies if the couple have one or more common children . 
   inger st\u00f8jberg has also asked the immigration service to separate the pairs by the current cases of minors who lives with an elderly spouse or partner . 
  they would never catch up though , and if they did , it would take 100 + years . 
  in the meanwhile there would still be economic migrants looking for greener pastures . 
  just look at a lot of eastern europe , where people are secular , peaceful , as well educated as people in the west and receiving a fair amount of aid , but they 're still many times poorer than germany . 
  although they 've had decades to grow . 
  they 'll just have them do an age test for proof . 
  do people realize these `` children '' are put to schools with 15-16 year olds , who they 'll go to class trips with , etc ? 
  it 's fucking scary tbh . 
  why ? 
  a random grown-up syrian person could to a very high degree verify if someone is from syria from a small chat . 
  as would i identify an estonian . 
  nah , they 'll go `` jk , i 'm actually older '' when it suits them and we 'll let them get away with it . 
  like we always do . 
  it 's especially infuriating since the actual situation in estonia is the polar opposite , we do n't let any refugees go through estonia to finland or sweden , because we actually honor the dublin agreements . 
  they get detained and have the choice of either applying for asylum in estonia or get deported . 
  this is definitely my experience in estonia as well . 
  very few university graduates leave , there are enough opportunities here , the people who leave usually only have high school degree or lower and do some construction work etc in finland . 
  doubt it 's the case most anywhere in ee . 
  for estonia , by a lot . 
   http://puu.sh/n0cnh/104aa020ee.png more than a 30 % drop . 
  why post 2012 data ? 
  it 's 2016 , there 's data for 2015 or at least 2014 readily available for every country . 
  no thanks . 
   i 'd say estonians are different from both of us in terms of mentality . 
  in what way ? 
  i 'm just curious . 
  i think they should only pay for people who were n't really responsible for getting kidnapped , like if you get abducted in turkey or something . 
  that 's a place you can reasonably expect to be safe , but if you go to syria , iraq etc , then honestly , it 's your fault , natural selection . 
  alright , that explains it . 
  estonia tries to rely on russia as little as possible as well . 
   a somali doctor often can not show valid papers on their education . 
  then we mean that you will be able to sample work for a year and then tested , instead of now having to read about seven years a swedish medical degree . 
  iirc sweden either did or wanted to let migrants work as doctors , even if they have no proof they 're qualified to . 
  does n't latvia trade more with russia than lithuania ? 
  lithuania was predicted to have a higher gdp ppp per capita in 2015 than estonia , i wonder what happened ? 
  in estonia they got immediately rebranded to `` olerex '' an estonian company . 
  i mean a democratic syria is very unlikely , even less likely is them electing someone who grew up in germany , also it 's very unlikely that syrians who have grown up in europe would even want to go back to syria . 
  badass , but practically impossible . 
  still 0 , while latvia is a bit poorer than estonia , they 're still better off than russia and they 're relatively even friendlier with the local russians than estonians are . 
  yeah , what do those countries have in common ? 
  they 're poor . 
  estonia is richer than russia , in addition to having very little corruption , in a stark contrast to russia . 
  living in estonia is just objectively a lot better and no russians here would support russian annexation . 
  absolutely 0 . 
  estonia gives out about a 1000 residence permits each year ( ~ 0,1 % of our pop , maximum allowed ) and it 's almost all russians . 
  russians living in estonia are very aware that it 's better here than it is in russia , they know there 's no real discrimination . 
  russians want to get into estonia , not get out of estonia . 
  i mean , how else would germans integrate ? 
  russia wo n't start a war in the baltics , so could everyone shut up about it already ? 
  neither would we `` lose quickly '' , estonia is stronk enough alone with 200k + conscripts to make annexing estonia more difficult than that . 
  not to mention all the help from around eu , like the thousands of fighters that would be here in a few hours . 
   we have every single day tons of topic about germany/the uk/estonia . 
  ** represent **,
