  never understood this logic , although it often gets repeated here . 
  it 's kinda late to protest against islamization when there 's already a shitton of mosques and muslims in your country . 
  this is exactly the right time to protest against it , if you are against it . 
  bought ? 
  by whom ? 
  nobody is bought , there 's really little corruption in our politics , it 's actually exactly like / u/nothingtoworryabout said , they 're pussies , they 're scared of what european mainstream media and european top politicians will think of them . 
  after all the shit hungary got for taking completely sensible measures in dealing with the refugee crisis , it kinda does make sense why they 'd be this afraid , but you 'd expect our representatives to have more of a backbone . 
  some european countries *, 
  so it would be fair to say gay parades largely cause/lead to violence ? 
  wait , are you saying national news agencies are n't meant for pushing leftists propaganda ? 
   seriously ? 
  compare an announced protest of a group that is known for attracting people who are ready for violence with an organised and surprising assault during a public event ? 
  so right off the bat you start lying ? 
  violence at pegida rallies has largely been caused by counter-demonstrators . 
  overall all the rallies have been pretty peaceful at pegida side . 
  hungary has massive public support in estonia as well , you can tell from the online forums , comment sections and just by talking to people . 
  i wish they did a survey around europe to show how much support hungary really has from the public , since i suspect it 's tremendous , although hungary often gets a bad wrap in mainstream media . 
  that 's still a huge amount . 
  yeah , super simple stuff really . 
  if you throw away your documents and you 're unwilling to disclose where you 're from , you have no business walking around free in europe , the person could be a rapist , murderer or a terrorist for all we know . 
  they should be detained until they reveal where they 're from . 
  after they do , we deport them back where they came from , if the host country does n't want them , then just cut the aid completely and use that money to host their people , sanctions are also an option . 
  a lot of people do n't seem to understand how much political power europe holds over most of the rest of the world . 
  we can get stuff done if we have the will to get stuff done . 
  but they are n't prisoners , they 're more like guests , in public hostels . 
  i get that we ca n't leave the ones who do n't have money to freeze and starve outside , but the ones who do , they should help cover the cost . 
  if they have the means to pay for their stay , they should . 
  everybody else has to . 
  is that the same un that appointed saudi arabia as the head of the human rights council ? 
  the same one who had anita sarkeesian as a speaker ? 
  it 's a bit difficult to take you guys seriously now , innit ? 
  why ? 
   you realize that nato is the only thing stopping that right ? 
  that is why most of eastern europe likes it ... 
  honestly , nato or no nato , i 'm more than 90 % sure russia would n't attack the baltics , there 's no point and there 's no support for it among the russians who live here . 
  it would be more trouble than it 's worth , politically and even on the ground , estonia has a pretty decent defense , so unless they 're nuking or napalming the entire country , it would be a long and exhausting war . 
  oh well , i guess you 're another example of how poor the american education system is . 
  i did n't say that . 
  oh for fuck sake , yes you did and even another user pointed it out . 
  you do n't use `` even '' to add other things to a list . 
   if i am cooking eggs and say you can add butter onion bacon even cheese to it . 
  this would be a grammatically incorrect sentence . 
  if you 'd say `` you can add butter onion bacon * or even * cheese '' , this would imply that cheese is not something you would normally add . 
  i did n't get offended , it just seemed silly , i understand now , that you just made a mistake in your grammar and i 'm fine , i 'm just having difficulty grasping why you 're now arguing that you did n't make a mistake when you obviously did . 
  ask any native speaker or a good english speaker . 
  you do n't have to say `` even '' to add another country , that means the last thing is somehow different from the previous things you 're listing , the `` or '' is enough . 
  okay , i get it , you made a grammatical error and you said something you did n't mean to say , let 's drop it . 
   edit : i was n't implying that any country is better than the other , do you not know how to english ? 
  it seems you do n't know english , `` or even poland '' would imply that poland is somehow better than estonia as a destination , `` or poland '' would 've implied they 're all just undesirable as destinations . 
   but why would you want to go to estonia , romania * or even poland * you 're joking right ? 
  implying poland is a better destination than estonia ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they will have monthly passes that are affordable for people commuting to work . 
  yeah , there have been several stories from estonian media that they 're unable to find anyone willing to come here . 
  the first batch was planned in the middle of december and there 's still none here , because we can only take willing applicants . 
  by the time this would be finished , estonian alcohol prices are going to be very similar to finnish alcohol prices . 
  i 've said it in threads about the tallinn-helsinki tunnel before , i 'm sure estonia would be on board every way we could if finland seriously wants to undertake this . 
  and i support the idea , i know it 's not cheap , but it is n't ridiculously expensive either and it 's something that would probably be useful a hundred or more years from now , a feat that would go down in our history . 
  ^ ^ ^ inb4 ^ ^ ^ tallinn ^ ^ ^ migrant ^ ^ ^ jungle ^ ^ ^ tho . 
  yeah , but now we have a lot more expertise and better tools to accomplish the same thing . 
  and why is their assessment relevant ? 
  according to whom ? 
  i suspect the same , but some hope lingers that maybe they pay more attention to syrian passports since it 's widely known they are massively faked and maybe even had some extra training to spot fake syrian passports . 
   migrants which have ids are allowed to seek asylum in sweden does that also include the ones with fake syrian passports ? 
  i 'd like to mention our previous leader , who 's currently a mep , andrus ansip . 
  he was the prime minister for 9 years . 
  i 'm not saying he 's perfect , he made some kinda uninformed statements a few times about newer technology , but over all , it was an absolute blast hearing him debate or even discuss things , he was absolutely rock solid . 
  honestly , i wish he 'd return from ep and be our prime minister again , without him his party is pretty much boned next elections anyway . 
   their brand , their right to protect it . 
  sure , but if the national media starts doing it , a lot of people get mad , they paid for it with their taxes , but they have no say on it . 
  the rest of the mainstream media is mainly owned by a few companies trying to push their agenda and in our capitalist society i guess that 's how things are , but i 'm just saying that people will stop accepting this eventually . 
  this really does n't belong here , there 's too much context around it , that is n't included . 
  the added value is for the simple folk to voice their opinions , closing comment sections of popular news papers is one less way an average person can voice their concerns . 
  this is what actually fuels the `` far-right '' , people feel disenfranchised . 
  uncooperative is one thing , if he 's refusing to tell the police where he parked his car etcetera , but generally saying a person is unwilling to pursue a criminal matter is wrong , since apart from the initial report and later maybe responding to some questioning there 's nothing more a person can do to pursue a criminal matter . 
  yes , it will be better for the top 30-20 % or less , but for the rest of the 80 % of the populations things become worse . 
   what i find very strange is that this happened back in october 2015 and farage has no intention of pursuing the matter . 
  something funny 's going on . 
  what ? 
  do you have any idea how criminal law works ? 
  if there 's a crime committed farage does n't have to pursue anything himself , it 's entirely the police 's job . 
  only for civil suits does the person himself have to pursue the accusations . 
  farage has no power either way in criminal proceedings . 
  it sometimes feels like it 's everything else but the culture and the people who are responsible for what 's going on . 
   if a nation is rich enough to attract so many low wage migrants it means that most of the native population is quite rich . 
  harsher competition for low wage jobs does n't mean lowering living standards , a form of minimum wage is what is needed . 
  that 's what we 're seeing though , in western-europe the pay for unskilled work has either stagnated or gone down while the gdp per capita has improved in the past years . 
   poor people emigrate into richer nations , education does n't really matter , a fruit picker in italy earns more then a factory work in most african countries . 
  you bring enough third world fruit pickers , you saturate the market , the wages go down and the natives who used to do the work are either unemployed or do it for much less . 
   and playing the australia card does n't really work , we do n't have stable nations and isolated island to spare in europe . 
  sure we do , i think even estonia could spare some , we have over 1500 . 
  well i definitely would n't say historically , historically there have been very different periods , but this is a bit irrelevant , i guess you mean the past 50-70 years , then yes , you 're right . 
  there 's really no direct connection to wealth and migrants , especially third world migrants with little education and who are from a religion/culture that is difficult to integrate . 
  unless we 're talking about highly skilled migration . 
  they are n't normal for estonia ( there has n't ever been a single one ) , they are n't normal for most of ee and they wo n't ever become normal in these parts if we are n't forced to take in third world migrants who are from a religion prone to extremism . 
   he actually thinks there are different races of humans . 
  there are n't ? 
  since when ? 
  maybe because belgium is a terrorist hotbed ? 
  many of the paris attackers were from belgium . 
   estonia worries the most about the immigration issue while being the european country with the highest net emigration rate .
