  i 'm always up for having a meaningful discussion with you on this topic jtalin , we even had some sort of a breakthrough once , where we saw eye to eye , although we almost always disagree . 
  i guess these opportunities have past now . 
  you 're treating europe as a single entity , most european countries have been getting the short end of the stick as well for much longer than the colonization of africa existed , estonia has been annexed by different powers for more than 700 years , let that number sink in . 
  yet , people act like we have some guilty conscience we have to repay for . 
  it does n't really matter if it 's you personally , it 's people like you every time something like this gets posted . 
  it 's people like you who are hypocrites , because if the roles are reversed you stay quiet . 
  you did n't hit a nerve at all , i have my biases , but at least i 'm not a hypocrite . 
  this too , the storage space the ~ ~ thousands ~ ~ ( apparently there are 4-6 million ) of cameras already take is probably insane . 
  i did n't ask about that , i asked if the roles were reversed , would it get less coverage in the media and reddit ? 
  where were you and / u/praelat and others crying about an `` agenda '' when this was posted :  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2wao5z/chelsea_fans_prevent_black_man_boarding_paris/ i do n't see anyone crying about agenda there , the comments are actually much more hostile than they are in this thread and nobody got injured there . 
  you are a hypocrite . 
  i could picture it in rt now , `` bulgarian sub found near sweden '' . 
   to stroke the fires of xenophobia is the point of this article . 
  there are countless crimes committed in europe by people that are n't immigrants . 
  miraculously , those do n't merit `` discussion '' on this sub . 
  so what you 're saying is that if the roles were reversed , ethnic english men beating up an asian man , it would receive no coverage or less coverage ? 
  the cameras are rather far away and there 's so many of them , so they 're expensive to upgrade or even get very good ones in the first place . 
  is n't one of the reasons they did n't want to let this happen because it would hurt the value of the euro and thus other eurozone members ? 
  they do that too , but we have very few motorways and a ton of small roads , so you have no idea where he could turn , as you see from the op 's video , so it 's often hard to use spikes effectively . 
  some things i noticed : `` estonia '' is third most used word for latvians . 
  iceland really cares about their caffeine . 
  most eu countries offer at least some free higher education in english . 
  or you know , it could be that the majority of european people are unhappy about the current immigration policies :  http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/chapter-3-most-support-limiting-immigration/  http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/majority-germans-reject-immigration-outside-eu-312282  http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/uk-public-opinion-toward-immigration-overall-attitudes-and-level-concern and that would obviously reflect from one of the biggest european forums like / r/europe as well ? 
  and it really does n't have much to do with some small racist subreddits . 
  so what you 're saying is that they 're just like regular subscribers of / r/europe , they browse this subreddit and discuss subjects they 're interested in ? 
  what ? 
  yeah , but that 's not really true . 
  they very rarely link here . 
  why not go to the / r/worldnews route instead ? 
  and have filters for certain topics ? 
  their public channels attract a handful of people and you think they have some secret channels where there are hundreds ? 
  come on . 
   the right wing might be slowly but steadily growing in some european countries but in / r/europe it 's absolutely dominating an it 's a very recent change . 
  it 's not the right-wing . 
  people are just unhappy about current immigration policies . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/chapter-3-most-support-limiting-immigration/ this is more than a year ago , meanwhile the situation has gotten much worse . 
  you can see they even divide up the people by ideology and a lot of leftist also support limiting immigration . 
  okay , well it does happen very rarely here and i have n't ever heard about anyone getting injured because of it . 
   many users have left the subreddit is n't the amount of subscribers to / r/europe constantly growing , instead of declining ? 
  i understand how it could 've become annoying for a lot of people , but i think having the option to filter certain topics would 've been better . 
  like / r/worldnews has . 
  this is still pretty much censoring that subject , since most people wo n't be checking this thread or they might only use the front page and not visit / r/europe specifically . 
   absolutely . 
  this text post was a perfect example . 
  it had 200 upvotes within an hour . 
  yeah , no . 
  that was the reaction of the entire subreddit , since a lot of threads got deleted , it got 3300 upvotes , there 's no army of trolls that big . 
   irc alright , i just checked the irc of those subreddits that come up the most ( european and coontown ) both have their irc 's in the sidebar , european has about 10 people in their irc channel and coontown has like 40 . 
  if you remove the ircbots and afk people , there really is n't many left . 
  so to say there are 100-200 people actively brigading from there is ridiculous . 
  those few that might have almost no impact against the 400k people here . 
   if they linked directly , yes . 
  but why would you do that and make the jobs for the admins easier ? 
  just tell your pals to check the submission called `` whatever '' in / r/europe [ 2 ] . 
  that way they 'll appear as regular users . 
  but when you check their posting history you notice they comment specifically in this sub and on immigration-related threads . 
  this is some / r/conspiracy level stuff here already . 
  the truth is that the majority of the public in every european country is unhappy with the current immigration situation . 
  there are a bunch of polls that show that . 
  lately it has gotten much worse . 
  i mean sweden democrats are polling at almost 25 % and are the second biggest party in sweden . 
  there 's no conspiracy going on here , like it or not , it 's just the opinion of the people . 
  does lithuanian police also shoot out tires ? 
  estonian police sometimes does , happened 3 times in 2014 . 
   in the uk you 'll get arrested for posing with a knife in the public . 
  ftfy . 
  i mean , what reason would you have to walk around in public with a machete ? 
  i think it 's well deserved that these idiots are dealt with . 
   100-200 people ready to vote on call are more than enough . 
  do you seriously believe that is what is happening ? 
  where would they coordinate this ? 
  who would even care this much ? 
  also that many people would be very easy to spot by the admins and they 'd all get banned . 
  so , a thread that has been dead for over a year on stormfront and two posts about reddit in march on some dumb racist `` news page '' , which probably does n't have 1 % of the subscribers / r/europe has , is responsible ? 
  how is it fairly trivial for them to tell when there are brigades happening ? 
  there might be some , but it 's insanely overblown . 
  there are n't obviously any brigades coming from stormfront , since they did n't even link to any threads and those threads on stormfront have been dead for years . 
  it 's pretty easy to see if one of those racist subs link here and that happens very rarely . 
  so where and how are these brigades coming from ? 
  and how are they not a drop in the bucket in manpower compared to the 400k + subscribers in / r/europe ? 
  thread from 2010 that barely got any traction and a thread from a year ago that got less than 50 responses and has since been forgotten . 
  this is brigading ? 
  do you know what that word even means ? 
   it got defaulted . 
  and just as all the other default subs it 's now home to our dear friends from coontown , european and the dozens of other huge white supremacy forums on reddit . 
  * also , stormfront is known to regularly populate reddits political subs , vote brigade and even recruit new members off of them . 
   that 's just not true . 
  they are nationalist and conservative , ideologically inspired by right wing thinkers like roger scruton , herder , christopher lasch and rudolf kjell\u00e9n . 
  honestly , i doubt there 's a single party in the world where you can seriously say that they are by large `` ideologically inspired '' by certain thinkers . 
  i doubt any serious amount of their members even know who those people are . 
  parties usually come down to pretty basic and simple core ideas and for everything else there 's rarely a consensus even in a party itself . 
   the swedish church shall be reinstated as a state church tried to find where it says they want to do that , could n't , can you point it out ? 
   against gay marriage and gay and single parent adoptions , pro-nuclear family not very , as i see they want to put traditional families first when adopting , but they 're not completely against gays and single parents adopting . 
   want to only allow abortion after 12 weeks , instead of the current 18 weeks is n't 12 weeks pretty much the standard all over the world ? 
  and after that it 's only allowed if there 's serious cause . 
   want to make a national register of pedophiles how is this right-wing ? 
  i think it 's pretty neutral to both . 
   does n't sound very leftist to me . 
  alright , what about : - want to raise benefits for the elderly - want to raise benefits for the unemployed - better conditions for people with dementia . 
  - want to increase animal welfare .
