   for what ? 
  the eurozone is currently growing pretty well , with the refugee crisis not being so much in the news and recent terrorist attacks have made people more united . 
  even brexit has had the opposite effect making people in the rest of the eu more supportive of it . 
  god , that 's some next level of cognitive dissonance , terrorists attacks have made people more united for eu ? 
  that 's really something , bruv . 
   heiko maas god that 's an estonian name . 
  and the guy was born in `` saarland '' , estonia 's biggest island is called `` saaremaa '' , where `` land '' = `` maa '' . 
  it 's not entirely fair , it 's not like the people go `` yeah , these guys are evil as shit , i will vote for them '' , it 's decades of brainwash , your countrymen would n't be much better . 
  as much as i hate russian government , and believe a lot of the people are somewhat complicit by supporting the oligarchy , i still find the majority of russians sympathetic , and would never wish this on you . 
  stay strong . 
  this would be great and all if teacher salary had anything to do with student achievement , if anything , there seems to be an opposite correlation , at least in first world countries . 
  that would imply any significant % of the countries gdp would come from germany or eu , but it 's 1-2 % . 
  it will be lifted as soon as enough countries complain about it and threaten to leave . 
  you 'll be begging for it soon enough !, 
  is it the difference between being poor or doing alright ? 
  it 's not the difference between being rich or poor , it helps sure , but the vast majority of the population could n't tell the difference if it stopped tomorrow . 
  where does this ignorance that ee countries get a ton of funds from the eu come from ? 
  why do you talk out of your ass ? 
  ee countries receive a few percent of their gdp as aid , largely for infrastructure and stuff that will benefit trade for the net contributors as well . 
  this money is nothing , it could be gone tomorrow and we could hardly tell the difference . 
   would you like to explain why , and how it may or may not relate to what is happening now ? 
  for a lot of ee countries it 's because russia tried to wipe us out with relocating millions of ethnic russians here , which we feel the effects of till today . 
  dumb question indeed , since it 's posted to the wrong subreddit . 
  this subreddit is for news and content about europe , not asking personal travel questions . 
  try / r/askeurope . 
  right decision , all of the migrants in calais have been given the option to live in migrant camps which have pretty good conditions . 
  they 're staying there out of their own free will , nobody is going to starve to death . 
  the madness in calais has to come to an end . 
  based on what logic exactly ? 
  most of your companies offer 5-6 weeks ? 
  are you serious ? 
  yeah , even brits do n't use `` civilised '' much anymore , `` civilized '' is many times more common . 
  good try though . 
  civility is wasted on the uncivilized . 
  we also have functional power plants that generate all the electricity we need from oil shale and more for a pretty cheap cost , and an abundance of the substance . 
  coupled with the fact that climate change does n't affect us negatively directly . 
  green energy really is n't that lucrative for us . 
  but yeah , got ta do our part . . 
  well , besides the part where it 's very cheap to produce electricity with oil shale , which is a win for all the consumers and the country as a whole . 
  i think that should depend on how popular either are and then you can offer incentives for either to get the spread you 'd want . 
  like one lasting a shorter while , etc. 
  cycling on the sidewalk is legal in estonia , so most people do cycle on the sidewalk . 
  as a person from a country where there 's mandatory conscription of males , i think women should have mandatory conscription as well . 
  but , i think the military training should be be split up to two factions , and all conscripts would get the choice of which to choose . 
  one would be where they 're trained for actual combat etc , and the other would be be trained for the `` home front '' , meaning they 'll handle the logistics , manufacturing , cleaning , cooking , communication and everything else to support the non-combat war efforts . 
   the same for bikes . 
  the helm is not there because landing on your head is common . 
  it 's there to protect the most vulnerable part of your body . 
  that 's why cart/fn drivers wear one , that 's why pilots wear one and so on . 
  comparing bikes to bicycles are dumb , there 's a huge difference riding ~ 15km/h versus 50/90km/h . 
  why not have pedestrians wear helmets as well then ? 
  the benefit just does n't outweigh the cost and trouble . 
  i can agree with this , the chances to hit your head while you 're riding a bicycle are rather small , i have never and will never wear a helmet , because it 's uncomfortable and the chance of me crashing are minuscule . 
  it would however discourage me to use a bicycle as the means of transport if i got a ticket for not wearing one . 
  where did we hear this before . . seems awfully familiar ... 
  are you really this ignorant of history ? 
  all countries did n't get the same starting point , estonia has been independent for 26 years , we started from nothing , we were building capitalism out of a lengthy communist occupation , it absolutely was a war zone here in the 90 's , like it was in all post soviet occupation countries . 
  there was no structure and order . 
  the point is , that things are improving , and they 're improving at a very fast pace , you are already more safe here walking alone at night than you are in sweden . 
  the murder rate will follow . 
  and the huge album of proof , that just does n't count ? 
  yeah , since it is n't actually a problem . 
  the rates are dropping fast , 5 times in the past 14 years , 2 times in the past 6 . https://puu.sh/upt4c/eefb528100.png still dropping , and will keep dropping , 2016 was reported with the lowest numbers yet , but has n't made it to the official statistics office reports yet , while things are getting worse in sweden . . 
  so think a little what you 're talking about before you do . 
  the `` rightwingers '' are just afraid that this will turn into another snopes/politifact , a website that says it 's checking facts , but actually pushing an agenda . 
  http://imgur.com/gallery/ezyri which is a pretty reasonable concern . 
  i want off this ride . 
  this guy spats in the face of a baby and has two prior convictions for similar offenses and is spared jail . 
  at the same time a guy who put pork on a mosque gets a year in jail and dies there . 
  seriously , what is this ? 
  sure , britain has it 's fair share of problems , but the problem does n't lie with the race or ethnicity of the people you 're taking in , but their character . 
  until rather recently , most immigrants taken into uk were rather well vetted , they 're running a different kind of experiment and their results have been far more positive . 
  i 'm a realist , maybe bit of a positivist . 
  honestly i 'm thankful for the experiment sweden is running , they 're creating a giant example on what no to do , sad for the innocent swedes caught up in this , but hopefully the rest of europe does n't disregard the lessons we 've learned from them and we do n't repeat the same mistakes . 
   first of all there was/is the whole refugee crisis because of the war in syria , a mostly muslim country . 
  that spiked the number quite a bit . 
  yeah , and there 's no chance these wars will continue for decades to come in the middle east , since it 's such a stable place , right ? 
  that 's the thing , you can never win with these people , there 's no victory condition , no matter how tolerant , equal and welcoming your country is , you 'll always be racist , sexist and bigoted . 
  because otherwise those people would be out of a job . 
  the only way to win is to not play . 
   supporters and members of croatia 's far-right indigenous croatian party of rights ( hsp ) rallied in the centre of zagreb on sunday in support of the new us president donald trump . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_party_of_rights what am i missing here ? 
  why are they referred to as neo-nazis ? 
  i found no such reference on their wikipedia page - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_party_of_rights, 
  black hole could swallow the earth because of brexit . 
  22 downvotes for just stating which candidate you 're rooting for , nice . 
  there is no ` maybe ' , you do n't have to make guesswork here , this has been massively studied , read a book . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oeselians there is no doubt that these were estonians . 
  i believe if in case of spousal rape it has been going on for years , they 'd count every alleged occurrence as a separate rape . 
  at least that 's what they tell me in the comments here . 
  when it 's pointed out that sweden has a very high rape statistics , there are 10 people lined up to say that they count rape differently and that 's the reason why the statistics are that high . 
  always seemed a bit too convenient to me , since nobody knows that the real statistic is then ... 
  i believe it 's 1 . 
  no social pressure to get married , parents etc do n't really care , people are n't religious so no religious pressure to get married either . 
  weddings are expensive , for a nice wedding , you 're going to be shelling out 10-15k $ and if it 's not a nice wedding , then why have one at all ? , when young people are struggling to afford buying real estate , than that does n't really seem like a reasonable expense . 
  there 's little to no benefit to being married , iirc you can register as co-inhabiting and file joint tax returns and everything else you 'd need . 
  the ridiculous divorce rates , something around 70 % + some years back have left many disillusioned with marriage , i 'm 25 and among my friends there are n't almost anyone whose parents are still married . 
  from my experience the only people who have gotten married are the ones who are really really well off and can do n't really have to worry about the costs , so they do it just because . . 
  they judge based on what their media tells them , and their media reports mostly on what they hear from the us media . 
  there 's very little of actually going to the source and looking at his executive orders , statements etc and reporting on that .
