  you merely adopted alcohol . 
  we were born in it , molded by it . 
  i had n't been sober until i went to prison for the first time , by then it was nothing to me but sadness ! '', 
  again ? 
  the same reason why his country matters ? 
  yeah , we 'll better get destroyed free and independent rather than join some bigger entity where our voices wo n't be heard . 
  i do n't know why you think estonia is just some property that can trade hands between washington and kremlin , it 's not . 
  estonia ca n't defeat pretty much anyone alone , * but * we 're like a hedgehog , you 'll eventually eat us , but it will come at a cost you probably are n't willing to pay . 
  we have conscription , we 're ready to mobilize over 200 000 men under 24 hours . 
  we would lose , but the cost is just too great for a small piece of land , but if it happens , we will die with pride in our hearts . 
  the security argument you 're trying to make , just is n't really there . 
  what i , and almost all estonians are afraid of , is not having complete control over our future . 
  there are two ways the federation could work , one being that we would have almost no deciding power at all or we get too much deciding power relative to our size . 
  neither of these are sustainable , and i 'm pretty sure there is n't really a good middle ground . 
  lastly , i 'd leave you with this quote `` i 'd rather die on my feet , than live on my knees . 
  '' , it 's hammered into our heads , in ways you would never understand that it 's either sovereignty or death . 
  we would never be part of a federation . 
  no matter what the cost . 
  you get to go on an adventure ? 
  that such racism exists in the first place ? 
  why publish the allegations , before you have any concrete evidence ? 
  there will be many people who will see this article , but if it turns out to be false wo n't notice the one to refute this . 
  so they 'll go on believing such things take place . 
   being forced to follow bigger boats so a mean big boat ca n't mess with you is n't really self-determination any more than a robbery is an act of free trade . 
  but we are n't forced to follow anyone , we do n't even have to be in the eu , we 'd still have nato , do you think there are some guys going around in nato saying `` do this '' and `` do that '' or we kick you out ? 
  i do n't think there are . 
  i see it as more of a partnership . 
  the threat to estonia is small anyway , there just is n't much point to attack us and it 's more trouble than it 's worth . 
  i 've seen the movie . 
  people feel victimized ? 
  lose trust in the system ? 
  if it turns out to be unfounded , the article just made things worse for no reason . 
  so it 's a case of he said , she said ? 
  i do n't get the point of these articles , if there 's no serious investigation done , then it 's just empty words , which will only draw the public apart more . 
  independence does n't mean isolation . 
  we 're independent to choose who we trade and have relations with . 
  this is so silly , i do n't even know how to respond . 
  how does a threat of being attacked negate our self-determination ? 
  shit can happen , but we 're still the captain of this boat . 
  we would n't just let it happen , we would fight till the last man and make it much more trouble than it 's worth . 
  estonia will not give up its sovereignty , not now and not for a very long time , short of going to war with us and winning , it just wo n't happen , you 'd have to pry it out of our cold dead hands . 
  how about preserving your language and culture ? 
  or devaluing the currency so an export country like germany earns more , while import countries like estonia get poorer ? 
  or stronger piracy laws uk supports , since they 're creating a lot of media , while countries like estonia mostly only consume foreign media ? 
  there are a billion things that would benefit germany and would n't benefit estonia and vice versa . 
  this federation would ultimately lead us to get a more shit deal than we 're getting now , because currently we have total control of our country . 
  we could decide and leave eu anytime we wanted . 
  many policies the bigger countries currently strongly employ are incompatible with a strong social democracy , which estonia aspires toward eventually . 
  there 's literally no reason for estonia to go for this . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  well fuck you too , economist . 
  [ estonia , by the way is ranked 17th in the world and 9th * in europe by that report . 
  i think it 's important to note here that people who are undecided usually vote to keep the status quo . 
  no you ca n't , there are many common interests the citizens of one nation can share , but they might not coincide with the interests of another . 
  if german citizens have 80,716,000 votes and we have 1,3 then i wonder whos interests will come on top ? 
  seriously ? 
  our 1 million voters would n't have any impact on legislation against 500 million . 
  so what do we need the federation in the first place if we all decide on our own anyway ? 
  so the point you 're trying to make is that * maybe * we 'll have some ? 
  what will this ` soft ' power give us ? 
  estonia does n't have any one particular industry it aspires to defend . 
  we 're pretty diversified , so it 's even difficult to imagine what we 'd fight for . 
  so no , i do n't see how it 's worth giving up our sovereignty for . 
  they 're obviously not , but nothing is more valuable than independence . 
  we 're in nato , that 's enough to guarantee our security , we joined eu to be in an union , not to give up our independence . 
  we ca n't have a meaningful impact on the world economy with or without eu , so i do n't even understand the point you 're trying to make . 
  yes , of course , since there is n't a single country next to russia that is n't in nato or eu and is n't a russian puppet . 
  also what makes you say we 're ungrateful ? 
  we are , but giving up your sovereignty for protection against losing your sovereignty seems a bit silly , no ? 
   you ca n't continuously take money and shout against the eu at the same fucking time . 
  you are seriously deluded if you think eu funding is out of altruism , it 's to boost trade , transit and buy political influence . 
  the money germany for example has poured into poland has most likely been returned many fold with trade that there would n't have been . 
  what gives you the impression that we give a shit about the world economy ? 
  no thanks , estonia is in no hurry to give up its sovereignty , there is n't really much that 's more important . 
  we will decide our future , no one else . 
  if you read about islamists in europe , it 's actually prison where a lot of them become extremists or become more extremist . 
  why ? 
  because muslims make up huge percentage of prisoners all over europe and this echo chamber , mixed in with extremists radicalizes a lot of them . 
   [ source for the last statement , it 's obviously a very biased blog , but it backs up every statistic with real sources , so just take a look at the links ] ( http://islamineurope.blogspot.com/2008/02/muslim-population-in-european-prisons.html ) also you ca n't really separate them , since human rights laws state that you should n't really use solitary confinement on anyone . 
  it just looks like such a desperate situation , a lose-lose however you look at it . 
  will be interesting to see how europe will tackle this problem in the future . 
  might we see life-terms for terrorists , like in the us ? 
  this would be highly out of character for european justice systems . 
  or nothing will be done at all ? 
  i guess we wait and see . 
   doctors are from the wrong religious sect kek 'd . 
  who wants to guess what 's his first order of business once he gets released ? 
  everybody knows , so who will be to blame if you release a person who you know is going to plot a terror attack or fight for isis ? 
  i think the norwegian government . 
  i think extremists should be sent to a mental asylum and kept there until you 're absolutely sure they 've reformed . 
  which for 99 % is probably never . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day ? 
  seriously though , some stuff you said on the russia-ukraine matter just stayed with me , that a person who claims to be finnish could hold such views and even your username makes you look like a troll . 
  maybe you 're just a contrarian , not a serious pro-kremlin troll . 
  i do n't know . 
  i got curious so i went to see if this holds true by searching `` refugee '' on bbc and the guardian : [ the guardian , all three images that show people it 's children and women , in the first results ] ( http://puu.sh/izhnq/f348c5776d.jpg ) [ bbc , all images that show refugees are women or children , in the first results ] ( http://puu.sh/izi1k/df5aca62a2.jpg ), 
  that guy is a pro-kremlin troll , i would n't bother . 
   i knew / r/europe was right-wing kek 'd, 
  those damn germans , using the same language as the nazis !, 
  the nerve on these guys ...
