  the balkan nations might have seemed shady , but estonia has been a slam dunk even in the utilitarian perspective all along . 
   it 's a silly hypothetical , but let 's go with it . 
  if poland were 30 nations , it 's very unlikely that they would all be members of the eu . 
  it would be highly impractical to deal with 30 individual states ' economies , and then there 's the issue of veto and council setup . 
  it just would n't be worth the trouble , as opposed to integrating a single , unitary state . 
  is n't that 's why there 's ep where votes are relative to the size of your population ? 
   i think that only illustrates that you 're not aware what eu is and how it operates in 2015 . 
  it was about mutual trade benefit a few decades ago , but it is something entirely different nowadays . 
  the constant shift of powers in favor of the commission and the parliament illustrates that eu is not satisfied with being a glorified free trade deal . 
  yeah , you 'll see the real shift if the quota thing goes through , the shift is due to increasing mutual benefit in other fields as well , not to give other countries a bum deal . 
  estonia is going to be a net contributor in eu funds very soon , estonia is n't a security liability to the eu , since we are in nato , the fact that we 're in eu does n't really matter to eu security if we 're already in nato . 
  the size of our country is entirely irrelevant , if poland was 30 nation states instead they would n't be worth having in the eu ? 
  see how ridiculous that sounds ? 
  it 's like saying picking up a 100 euro note is worth it , but picking up ten 10 euro notes is n't . 
   eu ca n't force anyone to stay , but sooner or later the eu will no longer tolerate being held back by countries whose only interest is to enjoy the benefits . 
  you have no idea how eu works then , it has never been about shared burden , but mutual benefit . 
  as soon as it stops being about mutual benefit , it might as well dissolve . 
   lithuania bein a leader in e-govenrment u wot ? 
   childcare takes time , stress and effort even in a perfectly comfortable financial situation . 
  time that we otherwise spend going out , watching tv , playing games , working out , playing sports , posting on reddit , getting drunk on weekends , playing board games , having a hobby , working on side projects , and a million other activities that people enjoy outside of working hours is drastically reduced when you have three kids . 
  yes , it does , but that 's not what most people are complaining about , the main reason young people say why they 're not having children is almost always their financial situation . 
   human birthrate is still going good though ( probably a little too good ) . 
  so we 're not talking about survival of the human race here . 
  and i never said we were , you should read my post again if you missed what i * was * talking about . 
   it 's mostly first world countries that have a problem , and that , among other things , is what immigration is useful for . 
  yes , and killing all the poor in the world would solve poverty , but that 's a ridiculous solution , is n't it ? 
  immigration solves population decline , but it does n't solve ethnic estonians from dying out . 
   if we ca n't count on some eu members to share the burden during times of crisis , then there is n't much point to their membership . 
  kek , many of those members would gladly leave before being subjugated to these quotas . 
  eu is an union of mutual benefit , not an union of having other countries deal with problems you 've created . 
  i can help you guys set up a crowdfunding page . 
  we 'll reach the goal in a few hours . 
  physics how does it work ? 
  you should 've added '' ( satire ) '' at the end , because i 'm sure a lot of people wo n't get it . 
   because you 're creating pressure on a specific demographic to act in `` national interest '' having children is n't a `` one man effort '' . 
  you do n't create `` pressure '' for women to have children , but for couples to do so . 
  and pressure is n't the right term anyway , the western-world does n't have low birthrates because people do n't feel like having children . 
  you do n't have to pressure them into it . 
  it 's exactly the opposite , you have to provide them the freedom to do so . 
  currently for many people it 's a choice between having a decent standard of living or having children . 
  it should n't be like that . 
  the compensation does n't have to be irrationally high , it has to be enough that people who have kids can enjoy the same standard of living as if they did n't . 
  the compensations should be astronomical before it would outweigh the economical output of an average national in a country with an aging population . 
  and it is n't all about the money anyway , same way as we spend money to combat climate change , to ensure the continuity of humans long after we are gone , it is rational for a nation to spend money to ensure the continuity of its people as well . 
  a problem that would n't exist if polan was on nuclear power instead . 
  but nuclear power is `` evil '' , so better not . 
  i know what they should do , they should make a quota system that forces schools to employ less qualified or unqualified minorities , which will deteriorate the public school system , giving rise to private schools and make many talented public school heads to jump ship as well . 
  this is a good way to make the situation of the poor who ca n't afford private schools even worse . 
  problem solved !, 
  at least you 're not racist . 
  factoids like these make absolutely no sense without context . 
   despite there being tens of thousands of ethnic minority pupils across scotland what ? 
  how about you tell the number of ethnic minorities studying to be a teacher ? 
  which would actually be relevant . 
  now if there are a bunch of them studying to be a teacher , but they do n't get employed because of their ethnicity , then you have a problem . 
  what 's most likely going on though , is that there are n't almost any studying to be a teacher . 
  if you perceive this to be a problem for whatever reason , then promote studying this field to said minorities , not blame schools for not employing people that do n't exist . 
  it honestly makes me so mad , i study it and there 's talk in estonia that only 10-20 % of women are employed in the it field . 
  well no fucking shit , when my course has only 10 % of women . 
  where should these employees be coming from ? 
  i visited one of the biggest it firm in estonia recently which wants to be `` progressive '' , the employees were like 40 % women , considering the number of women studying it , this can only mean that they 're hiring less qualified women instead of more qualified men and people are cheering this on . 
  it sometimes feels like there 's no sense left in the world . 
  yeah , estonia offers one of the biggest benefits in the world for having children . 
  so i guess that has helped as well , but it still needs more work . 
  it 's because estonians do n't emigrate as much . 
  ca n't say why for sure , but i believe it 's partly being in a bit better economic position , estonians being a bit more patriotic and the fact that we 're next to finland , which means some people can work in finland and return home for the weekend etc. 
  latvians and lithuanians do n't have that luxury , if they want to seek employment in a more wealthy country . 
  there are probably a lot of small things as well , like estonia making campaigns to return people home and the government in general working towards minimizing emigration . 
  people also look down on emigrants , since it 's seen as taking the easy way out and generally it 's rather terrible when the government spends large amounts of money to give free university education , but then gets nothing back . 
  `` irw '' for estonia , short for `` irvitama '' which means `` to grin '' . 
  i love it , good job !, 
  no , my solution would be turning back all the boats and dealing with the source of the problem , instead of failing at dealing with one of its symptoms . 
  well sweden 's having a bad day . . 
  the refugee quota thing will never fly , they should stop wasting time on it . 
  even if it somehow did pass , the next elections would only bring eurosceptic and far-right parties into power in many countries across europe , to put an end to it . 
  the quota system has a good chance of destroying eu in its current form . 
  there are a bunch of countries like finland , luxembourg , singapore etc that have n't made their wealth with oil and are still much more successful . 
  and it is n't only about oil anyway , us has had a lot of things going for it , which should easily overshadow norway 's oil . 
  the number of patents us has should singlehandedly place you on the top and that 's only a piece of the pie . 
  the truth is , us is a ridiculously mismanaged and corrupt country in the western world and most of your ills stem from that . 
  okay , let 's say i 'm dumb , do explain . 
  i feel religion has no place in modern europe , it does much more harm than good . 
  this is n't only islam , but christianity as well and every other religion , but i would be lying if i said i believe they 're all equally bad . 
  some are worse than others and i believe europe should take active steps in discouraging religious belief , but in a non-biased way , not singling out any single religion . 
  that 's the biggest problem with you guys `` not the only country that has to deal with corruption and mismanagment '' , i do n't understand where you get this . 
  but you 're the only country in the world who compares itself to shit countries and says `` atleast we 're not north korea '' , it comes up in various subreddits all the fucking time . 
  that 's like a 2.0 gdp student saying , atleast i do n't have down syndrome . 
  you compare yourself to the best countries in the world and you ought to be fucking mad that you 're not functioning as well as them . 
  you 're not mentally retarded , are you ? 
  so what 's your fucking excuse that you 're not norway or finland ? 
  what the fuck is it ? 
  it 's this fucking attitude that makes me so mad at muricans . 
  the us could probably cut it 's funding by 2/3 and still have an army of similar strength if you 'd weed out the mismanagement and corruption . 
  to be fair , both spend more of their gdp on military than many nato members . 
  my guess is corruption . 
  no thanks , i 'm happy hate speech is n't allowed . 
  you can protest about anything you want , you just ca n't propagate hate . 
  like saying `` xxxx sucks '' is fine , but you ca n't say `` xxxx should be killed '' . 
  i think it 's reasonable . 
  it literally does n't say that in the portion you quoted , nor the article .
