  `` since it 's a bigger chance of dying from x , we should n't make efforts decreasing dying from y '' - best logic . 
  there are n't . 
  if a lot of people converted online , how come there are no converts in ee ? 
   dear europe , for decades you have done everything in your power to humiliate israel for their ` inhumane ' treatment of arabs . 
  this is n't true though , there are some small vocal groups , but the official stance to israel has always been friendly . 
  do you see any sanctions ? 
  travel restrictions ? 
  anything ? 
  there 's always a choice . 
  let in hundreds of millions of poorly educated people from a different culture ? 
  what could go wrong !, 
  not like we are having issues with a million alone . 
   exactly as the terrorists want them to . 
  good thing you know exactly what the terrorists want , right ? 
  reminds me of this : https://i.imgur.com/2oe26l2.jpg, 
  i could bet money that all three baltic countries will surpass italy in due time though . 
  prolly in less than 10 years . 
  you know what happens when you assume ... 
  she * , you shitlord . 
  nice reading comprehension !, 
  why do idiots keep spouting this ridiculous statement ? 
  most people who die in traffic accidents are drunk drivers , speeders , careless drivers etc. 
  you ca n't just take the number of all people and divide them by traffic accidents , since it 's not an equal chance . 
  please , stop . 
  how come latvia gets more eu immigrants than lithuania ? 
  okay , that explains the youth unemployment in spain i guess ... 
  that 's the same as people saying they 'll rather die than have trump as president or other such ridiculous statements , does n't mean they 'll really do it . 
  what is there to panic about ? 
  how do you think that would happen ? 
  for comparison , netherlands is a bit smaller in land area than estonia and we only have 1,3 million people . 
  no it would n't , this would n't happen in estonia and it would n't happen in any other country that does n't have 3rd world migrant ghettos . 
  i do n't know about belgium specifically , but in estonia , to become a police officer takes a high school diploma + 3 years of police academy ( where many drop out and not everyone is accepted ) . 
  i 'm guessing it 's something similar in belgium , so your suggestion is sheer lunacy . 
  good thing greeks have a big army . 
  because they 're your kin ? 
  but if you 're saying you already do a lot then i 'll take your word for it . 
  ppp and nominal both have their places , ppp is n't gon na help you when you 're buying a phone , a car , a computer , games and a lot of other things . 
  so it 's still valuable information . 
   we do n't really have the opportunities others have . 
  what do you mean ? 
  compared to moldova you are . 
  the lastname of a guy i know is `` soome '' = `` finland '' . 
  that 's what i meant , if you want to do business with finns or estonians , 99 % of the time english will work fine . 
  i do n't think there is a necessity for estonian/finnish speakers in romania anyway , because most of us speak english . 
  but if all people like you leave , what hope is there that anything will ever get better in turkey ? 
   what about power ? 
  will they run on good will or the force ? 
  we have this nifty thing called electricity these days , you can send it through cables over long distances !, 
   what about when they tangle ? 
  or do you think that they 'll behave on rough seas ? 
  what tangles ? 
  the buoys from the link ca n't tangle on themselves , the cable connecting the unlocked buoys could just have a weight on it and it would n't tangle . 
   what about the fishermen ? 
  would they be privy on the opening and closing of the `` gates '' ? 
  do they even need to go through the gates ? 
  if they do , probably would . 
   how many of them would we put there ? 
  say every 10km ? 
  that 's 80 gates . 
  what would happen on the most commonly traveled ones ? 
  have you ever been in a port ? 
  or more accurately , waiting outside the port on a ferry waiting for the traffic to clear ? 
  if it happens on huge ports like piraeus can you imagine what would happen if you restrict the flow to a couple of meters per km on open seas ? 
  do you understand what a port is ? 
  port is somewhere where ships come and head out to all different directions , comparing port traffic to open sea traffic is silly . 
  why only couple of meters , it could open as wide as necessary . 
  some parts could be left open entirely and instead of the buoys , you would have live patrols for a few km of sea or w/e . 
   how about the people crashing on the things and sinking ? 
  or why do you even think that these will be effective vs floating plastic boats . 
  go overboard , lift the raft , pass it above the floaters , reclimb the boat and be on your way . 
  immigrants do n't use speed crafts nor will they ram the things . 
  who 's crashing and sinking and with what ? 
  did you see those buoys ? 
  you 're not lifting anything over that intact , unless you come with a crane . 
   how about the sea-life ? 
  what sea-life ? 
  it 's on the water , sea-life is under water . 
   never mind the cost of procurement , how about the maintenance cost ? 
  when they paid $ 12m to house 8k people , do you suddently think that they 'll pay us billions just to maintain 800km of floating wire ? 
  well obviously you 're not doing it alone , so to do this you 'd obviously need eu to finance it . 
   unimaginative ? 
  dude , quit watching so much tv . 
  dude , just because you do n't know how to do this , does n't mean there are n't engineers capable of doing this . 
  this is n't even something that difficult , there is n't a single unsurmountable obstacle to doing this engineers could n't fix one way or another . 
  there are terror attacks in ee ? 
   well , it 's a very good way to get even deeper in debt patrolling and policing your thousands of nautical miles full of your expensive barriers left alone in the middle of the sea ... well obviously the entire eu would pay for it . 
   also an excellent way to save the smugglers the trouble of puncturing their own boat before calling for help . 
  ca n't help them if they 're behind the barrier so why puncture their boats ? 
  they 'd just be killing themselves . 
   edit : also a wonderful way to completely shut down shipping lanes between greece and turkey . 
  you can build gates into it , not an issue . 
  why not ? 
  it 's definitely not impossible , you can account for storms and everything else , it 's an engineering problem and it definitely is n't one that is impossible to solve and whatever it would cost would still be 100x cheaper than what the migrant crisis is costing eu now . 
  of course you can . 
  http://www.safeguards.com/securebarrier/floatingbarrier.html here you go buddy . 
   in a federal europe , the commission would unilaterally be able to prioritise science spending , and coordinate it better . 
  why do you think it would do this though ? 
  what if one country already spends a lot on science , let 's say 5 % of gdp and another country spends 1 % of gdp . 
  commission sets science spending at 2 % of gdp , one country would spend a lot less , another a bit more , overall science spending went down ? 
  why should countries have equal science spending ?
