  yes , that 's a realistic scenario , to convert to extremist islam over the internet and then carry out attacks . . come on . . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  you need to really import it first . 
  you 're not , you 're under 14th . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ : - dd, 
  this random webpage that does top 10 lists is your source ? 
  really ? 
  it does n't even link to where they 're getting that information . 
  who do you think is converting those ethnic finnish people to islam ? 
  all these problems still stem from the same root . 
  with freedom of speech in tact we will never have an effective way of wiping out the spreading of extremism , the only way is to keep it out in the first place . 
  some countries still have this option , like estonia . 
  eu forcefully tries to change that , though . 
  they 're both also the safest places to live in the world , crime wise . 
   and they are not only radicalising immigrants or children of immigrants in europe , but natives of the countries they operate in . 
  just in finland there have been reports of native finns who have joined isis . 
  the amount of native european men ( let 's forget about the women who marry muslims and convert , since they 're not going to be commiting any attacks anyway ) converting to islam is barely even worth mentioning . 
  lucky us . . 
  i guess it depends on the price you 're willing to pay , for me personally , that price is too high . 
   the fact is that if you do n't want migrants , you have to make your country a shitty place to live . 
  given that this is the stated goal of isis , i do n't see why the fn , fidesz and other clowns hell bent on the same goal should be supported . 
  til japan and south korea are shitty places to live . 
  estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , czech republic etc. . . 
  because they did n't want to go to any of those countries ? 
  back then france did n't know any better , now we all do . 
  does it really matter ? 
  how did the terrorists came to live in europe in the first place ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's this wave , a previous one or the next one . 
  the simple truth is that countries that have n't accepted third world muslim migrants have none of these issues to worry about . 
  sadly , eu leaders still want to push these issues onto us . 
  not really , these are n't really comparable situations . 
  the stateless latvian russians and estonian russians get a passport and they 're officially recognized as part of our population . 
  they can travel inside eu and they have visa free travel to russia ( something estonian citizens do n't have ) . 
  they just are n't our citizens , and can only vote on local elections . 
  although it 's an rt article , the polling company looks legit , [ it 's a british company that the guardian has used as well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/icm_research ) . 
  well it only makes sense , one of the biggest forces trying to take down europe the european parliament is already there , only makes sense terrorists would feel at home there . 
  ( i 'm only half kidding ), 
  if a terrorist posing as a refugee gets put in estonia , he might do an attack here , if he 's in germany or w/e instead , he wo n't really give a shit about estonia and rather go for more famous countries . 
  it would make it easier to spot the people who do terrorist attacks and it would somewhat still discourage them coming here . 
  if they 're in france or germany , they 're not going to be driving all the way to estonia to commit a terrorist attack . 
  quota system must end , in light of these events , every country should be able to decide if they want to participate or not . 
  yeah , not big on experimenting , especially since we have less resources to play with . 
  if nobody else has been successful at it , then why would we with our limited resources be ? 
  i did not contradict myself , we have them by the balls , as we can embargo them or remove aid , we 're just unwilling to use it as a leverage tool . 
  maybe it 's your reading comprehension that 's the issue here ... 
  i am completely lost as to the point you 're trying to make . 
  yes , because we 're not putting any real pressure on them . 
  who would 've guessed `` pretty please '' do n't work with those shit hole countries , right ? 
  that 's what ee wants to prevent , by not accepting refugees ... 
   in many places it is , because the country of origin does n't want them back . 
  it does n't matter how good your experts are in at determining where someone is from ( by accent or other ways ) if the country just says `` no , he 's not our citizen . '', 
  there 's nowhere to deport them to then . 
  are you kidding ? 
  we have most of the countries they come from by the balls , they 'd to whatever we say if we put even a little pressure on them . 
  want aid ? 
  want to keep trading with us ? 
  then take your people back . 
  easy ... 
   how can they pretend to confiscate they properties ? 
  because it is n't free to house them ? 
  why should the danish tax payers pay all of the costs alone ? 
  the shit that 's been going on in greece and what 's happening in finland currently are n't comparable . 
  this is one of the most infuriating aspects about all of this . 
  it 's like an open invitation . 
   thank goodness , this is going to lower the flow of migrants to finland so much . 
  i think it 's going to almost stop it , since estonia does n't let migrants pass through to finland , the only route there is , is russia . 
  ai n't nobody got money for that . 
  really though , i think the average estonian goes abroad for a vacation once every few years . 
  as far as i read the analysis , it does seem you are correct . 
  then that should be what you should be saying , the way you expressed yourself made it look that opposing immigration alone makes somebody a racist . 
  if somebody actually says that all syrians who come here are terrorists , then they 're of course racist . 
  could you point me to where does the treaty of lisbon say that ? 
  that 's a pretty easy accusation to add to people trying to join isis imo . 
  that 's why we have courts , i think they have a pretty good legal case to argue that , i 'm no expert either , but saying there 's no case is foolish . 
  http://www.foxnews.com/us/2011/03/03/new-jersey-men-plead-guilty-trying-join-al-qaeda-group/ this says they can get a life sentence . 
  what makes you think they ca n't win ? 
  there 's a good case to argue that such decisions need to be unanimous like are many other decisions that affect sovereignty . 
  but they are listening to people 's wishes . 
   [ 74 % of slovaks are against immigration from outside eu , and that was before the hordes really came ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/majority-germans-reject-immigration-outside-eu-312282 ) also , what 's racist about it ? 
  can you stop spouting that nonsense already ? 
  it 's not racist to be against immigration . 
  yeah , i meant voting against them in the first place and then taking eu to court . 
  i wish estonian politicians had the balls to do this , but rather need to look good to their friends in brussels and foreign media , than listen to the will of your people . 
  honestly , i do n't see any other solution , almost all of the terror attacks in europe were done by people who had either already been detained/imprisoned once or who were under surveillance . 
  we know who the terrorists are , we 're just unable to do anything about them until they kill some people or at least try to . 
  us gives life sentences to their own citizens for just attempting to join isis . 
  why would the teacher get fired off something like this ? 
  i mean , at least the teacher is making math a bit less dull . 
  wages are supposed to grow every year , not decrease for 5 years in a row . . 
  some leaders can and have been hugely popular among their population , does n't mean there 's anything nefarious going on . 
  holy fuck , from his wiki page :  in connection to the publication of the book in september 2008 , b\u00e4ckman gave several controversial interviews , e.g. 
  one in which he claimed estonia will join russia within a decade . 
  b\u00e4ckman also claimed that the `` destruction '' of the bronze soldier grave site and monument in april 2007 by the estonian government was `` the end of history of estonia '' . 
  he speculated that most of the russian youth all over russia , including children , hate estonia and deny her the right to exist . 
  b\u00e4ckman went on to predict that in ten years at most , the nashi would come to power in russia , leading to an end of the estonian statehood shortly afterwards . 
  this guy is insane . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the ban is so gay men would know that their blood is n't needed , and the vast majority of them will not go to donate because of that . 
  how does somebody lying invalidate that ? 
  i doubt the person getting hiv from donated blood will really care if it 's `` pretty thorough '' or not . 
  any reasonable measure you have , to decrease the likelihood of passing on diseases , you should take .
