  if that 's all it takes , then sign us up . 
  yes , because this is the first warm winter to have happened in centuries ... also it does n't fuck up agriculture for us estonians , but rather makes it better . 
  i ca n't say for romania , but in estonia i 'm pretty sure there will . 
  as much as i like snow because of the aesthetic and the atmosphere it creates , warm winters also save us a fuckton on heating , car accidents and road repair . 
  so i 'm kinda torn . 
  ehh , we should just move christmas to the 24th of january , then you could be sure there 's snow !, 
  estonia has had to deal with russian sanctions and threats of sanctions for decades now , they are n't seen as a reliable partner , so if possible companies try to avoid dealing with russia . 
  funnily , the group the sanctions would hurt the most , would most likely be the russians living in estonia now . 
  this is your average voter ... 
   yes , that 's exactly my point , greece called for help multiple times and the eu did fuckall . 
  whether this was because they were heavily restricted by their member states , or whether it was because they did n't care enough , is a matter of debate , / u/slyratchet [ 1 ] [ +1 ] probably knows more than i do about this issue . 
  is n't what greece is saying now that they do n't want foreign troops in their country ? 
   turkey were not holding out for money . 
  they were holding out for ending visa restrictions for turks . 
  this is a classic game of who blinks first . 
  visa restrictions could be replaced with more money though . 
   yes , that however does not mean you ca n't make things slightly better . 
  the lack of european unity definitely exacerbated this problem . 
  i do n't recall the eu `` leaders '' even bringing up more border defense to greece and the one they 're organizing now is pathetically small . 
   i am yet to to see widespread media giving hungary a lot of shit for building their fence . 
  oh cmon , the response from mainstream media was overwhelmingly negative . 
  that 's hard to comprehend , since the languages sound nothing alike . 
  maybe they just randomly guessed , since you 're white and do n't speak french , spanish or german , which they would recognize , they went with the next populous country . 
   yes , that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  there is n't enough land in turkish cities to include the sheer vast number of refugees they have . 
  widespread refugee camps are unrealistic , because let 's be honest - why would turkey give a shit ? 
  it 's less effort for them to let refugees through to europe . 
  because money . 
   actually , this is exactly why , otherwise there 'd have been an eu-wide greek border guard force ages ago . 
  were n't you one to say that defending sea borders is unrealistic ? 
   source desperately needed . 
  yeah , because they 're all giddy to go on record saying `` i wanted to vote against quotas , but the press would 've made me look bad '' . 
  it 's not like orban and hungary got a lot of shit for just defending against illegal border crossing , right ? 
  space ? 
  are you serious ? 
  are you trying to tell me there is n't enough land in turkey ? 
  logistics can be handled with money . 
  the inability to make strong decisions is n't because they 're unable to reach a consensus , most populations of europe have made it abundantly clear what their feelings about refugees are , if anything , it 's the politicians who are afraid of being crucified by the media for any other decision besides `` let 's take them all in '' . 
   mainly because it 's a terrible geopolitical idea to overburden the fuck out of a neighbouring country . 
  so offer financial support , as much as is necessary . 
  it 's a much worse idea to allow the situation that has transpired now , that allows people to country shop , asylum was never meant to work like this . 
   you open ( protected ) registration centers in the major refugee camps in turkey and jordan . 
  there you select people who have a right to asylum ( list them up and orden by parameters ) , and allow them to come over ( this can be done cheap by creating a unique , traceable , document which allows them to travel by ferry for example ) . 
  why ? 
  why would we take them from a safe third country and move them to europe in the first place ? 
   you can control the amounts , you can distribute them over willing countries . 
  countries can rationally decide the amount of people they can and are willing to carry . 
  not the current situation where a couple of countries are swarmed . 
  nobody wants refugees except a few countries , eu had a lot of trouble distributing ~ 40 000 , which is a drop in the bucket considering there are millions of refugees in turkey . 
  finnish for us blokes . 
  one evil power defeated another , wohoo . 
  if you consider the scale , it 's more than likely that he either participated or was aware . 
  that i do n't understand why we would commemorate those bastards , if you only knew a few of the stories from the baltics or pretty much most of ee and before you say they were just soldiers following orders , so were the ss . 
  some countries do better than others , who knew ? 
  you do understand that the 2007 numbers were unrealistic , built on unsustainable debt ? 
  so the new zealander had spent enough time in finland to have two kids and she could n't understand any finnish ? 
  also , there 's like no way you can get anyone else to translate the decision , right ? 
  considering you can get cheap camera drones as low as for 60 dollars online , i think you can get decent stuff for 500 000 euros . 
  estonia-russian land border is n't that long . 
  i wonder how many of them will leave for germany and sweden anyway . 
  and those people somehow deserve to get everything on a gold platter for running , when their countrymen are sacrificing their lives fighting for what 's right ? 
  did n't you say accused ? 
  us army has razed villages full of women and children , so i would n't say that 's any better . 
  so you also would n't want to come within ten kilometers of us soldiers ? 
  the free syrian army is the obvious choice , i do n't see what `` has been accused of human rights abuses '' has to do with anything , like there 's ever been a war where both sides did n't commit human rights abuses . 
  if russia invades estonia , then i will be fighting for my country , not running my tail between my legs and fuck those who do , especially the able bodied men , i could n't care less how shitty their refugee camps are . 
  wrong think !, 
  i do n't believe there 's any reason to equip the police with tasers in estonia . 
  only scenario i see where tasers could be necessary is when the suspect is armed with a knife , but i ca n't recall a single incident where an estonian policeman have gotten stabbed by a criminal in the line of duty or had to shoot someone wielding a knife . 
  so it seems like tasers could cause more issues than they 'd resolve . 
  edit : doubt anyone will be reading this thread anymore , but funnily a day after i posted this [ a police officer was wounded by a knife in estonia ] ( http://www.delfi.ee/news/paevauudised/krimi/jogevamaal-sai-politseinik-noarunnakus-viga?id=73207931 ) , he only got minor injuries on his shoulder though . 
  imo , refugee status is n't supposed to be a vacation , if their life is n't in danger in turkey and they are n't starving or persecuted , then i do n't really see the issue . 
  they get a temporary safe place where they are n't in danger , i do n't see why would they get anything else ** when there are people starving in africa , asia etc , who we are n't opening the doors for ** . 
  why do you need military grade drones to patrol the border ? 
  for half a million euros , you 're not going to be buying rq-7 shadow 's , which cost 15,5 million dollars a pop . 
  not really though , since the government has to do a an auction for the lowest bidder . 
  i 'd agree if it were n't for how our government has handled the refugee quota situation . 
  not where i got it , but the original map comes from this book : http://www.amazon.com/an-atlas-economic-geography-bartholomew/dp/b007qf2gqi, 
  this is hogwash , especially coming from an estonian . 
  you can see the statistics , gun violence and gun crime is very very low in estonia , namely because it 's difficult to obtain guns here . 
  well we 've only had the chance to learn english for the past 24 years !, 
  well the last terror attack in uk was with a knife , i think it 's likely he would 've opted for a gun if he had the chance . 
  there 's really no reason to own semiautomatic weapons imho , so i do n't see why they should n't be banned . 
  have n't the refugee centers that have been burned down always been empty ? 
  if that 's so , there is a rather big difference . 
  and anyway , it takes one nutcase to set a refugee center on fire , these guys commit these attacks by the dozen . 
  you failing has no effect on anyone else really , so do n't worry about your skill level , just try to have fun . 
  yeah , and i have no idea cameron is n't going to personally behead every single non ethnic englishman , but it 's fucking obvious that he wo n't , why are you arguing for this garbage , when you full well understand that it is n't going to happen ? 
  but it is n't wrong , that 's how it is going to be 100 % . 
  britain is n't going to invalidate the residence permits and previous treaties , claiming otherwise is ignorant and misleading , which will only divert the discussion from the real issues . 
  so either you 're shilling for god knows what or you 're really fucking ignorant . 
  either way , just fucking stop . 
  shut up , medpack . 
  direct democracy , have a referendum for everything . 
  no , it 's common sense . 
  laws are n't retrospective if they can affect people negatively , there 's absolutely 0 chance anything would really change for people who already moved . 
  yeah , thanks but no thanks . 
  because they were already allowed to stay . 
  thinking uk is going to start sending out 3 million eu born migrants back to continental-europe is more than dumb , same way as continental-europe sending all british migrants back to uk . 
  do you people really not understand , that this is n't how it works ?
