  well , they have been forced to . .  https://youtu.be/q8ixmi-fryk  https://youtu.be/t9ydf7uidqo, 
  yes , and exactly 0 of those marriages happen each year . 
  many of our laws were just a copy-paste off germany and others when we got independent , some have n't been changed because there 's literally ** nobody ** getting married at that age here . 
  no they should n't . 
  those are arranged marriages , what we should do is the opposite and keep them apart and let them grow up and choose their own husband/wife . 
  / u/shamalamadindong is the definition of regressive left . 
  9,5 is n't really that bad , it 's still pretty much in the acceptable levels . 
  people can choose to be or not to be religious . 
  in my circles if it 's women and men together in sauna , then people wear towels , when it 's just men or just women then yeah . 
  but that 's like one of the only places you see other people naked beside locker rooms . 
  in estonia , very uncommon . 
  the whole thing , `` freedom !, 
  freedom !, 
  freedom !, 
  freedom ! '', 
  and `` out !, 
  out !, 
  out !, 
  out !, 
  one of the worst things that could happen to estonia ( that 's realistically possible ) in my opinion . 
  there 's little to be gained and a lot to lose . 
  eu is an economic union and should stay that way . 
  i mean , it was technically correct , just very insensitive , so it was n't quite the same . 
  you do n't need to check if a person is 34 or 35 , all you need to know is if a person is older than 18 or not . 
  which emerging adults falls right under . 
  what ? 
  it says it right there in the two lines i quoted . 
  come on . 
  first of all , the problem is n't even the 18-19 olds , there is n't going to be a huge problem if 19 year old pretends to be 17 . 
  the problem is the 21-35 year olds who should n't be put together with children . 
  like the `` 16 year old '' who stabbed the refugee center worker to death in sweden , who really looks like ~ 25 . 
  secondly , the tests are rather accurate , like i commented below , the average error is just 3.5 months , with a maximum error of 1.65 years . 
  even if you went with the maximum error , it would still be incredibly useful at weeding out all the 20 + year olds . 
  by teeth or bones usually . 
  except they do = http://www.nature.com/bdj/journal/v204/n4/full/bdj.2008.21.html  results on average , estimated dental age ( da ) over-estimated chronological age ( ca ) by 0.29 years , approximately 3 1/2 months . 
  the maximum likely difference between the estimated da and ca was 1.65 years . 
  i find it hard to grasp people like you , you obviously have n't even bothered to do a simple google search on the subject , but you start arguing and even go as far as to tell me to `` do some research '' ? 
  what gives ? 
  i wonder what % of those 16 and 17-year olds are actually that age , too bad it 's racist to do age tests in sweden . 
  wtf ? 
   i do n't imagine them lasting long without welfare or work permits . 
  there 's always crime . . 
  old stats , if you looked at 2014 , 2015 baltic states would collectively be lower than us . 
  they ? 
  lithuania has very little foreigners , estonia has under 30 % . 
  estonia does not have significant issues with organised crime , i 'd go as far as to say it 's almost non-existent . 
  in estonia we at least detain asylum seekers who are unlikely to be granted asylum/refuse to apply for asylum here/are a risk of hiding or leaving . 
  this is why almost no migrants try the estonian route to finland and go through the longer route through sweden . 
  there has to be at least some order in this chaos , but it seems like a lot of politicians around europe are just closing their eyes and hoping for the best . 
  ( maybe censor some information from the public as well , so they stay calm ), 
  that 's just a ` subtle ' way of adding the authors subjective opinion , to push his agenda , i mean , some people say the earth is flat or that obama is the antichrist , i do n't see bbc ending an article about obama with `` some say obama is the antichrist '' . 
  i do n't think it means sending the ones currently here back , but all future arrivals in greece being immediately returned . 
   some have likened the danish proposals to the confiscation of gold and other valuables from jews by the nazis during the holocaust . 
  bbc , as unbiased as ever ... 
  well good luck and godspeed . 
  i just wonder how capable sweden is in forcefully deporting the illegal migrants , i doubt many will go willingly . 
  that 's why the asylum seekers should be detained in camps while they 're being processed . 
  so none of them can slip through the cracks . 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  we 're fine here , none for us pls . 
  tl : dr ireland is a tax haven for us companies . 
  i 'm sorry , i promised myself i wo n't start arguing over this again , i 've done it too many times , i should n't even have written my last post . 
  i just suggest reading about how it works , what id cards are and how those work and estonian voting commission 's response to various claims how it 's unsecure . 
  i also would n't forget the staticians and analysts who would recognize anomalies in the results , voting patterns and much else . 
  just try to see it/think about it from another angle . 
  estonia is a very successful country , if you compare it to countries who had a similar start in 1991 ( and now even countries who have been independent for much longer ) , we 're not retarded here . 
  there 's a reason why our government and our people trust the system . 
  it 's not that lot , if you account for the fact that it 's 1 in 10 000 of the people who get infected by measles , most people wo n't even get infected , since they 're vaccinated . 
  very few security experts have really studied how estonian online elections work , estonia has experts too , experts who actually have studied it and who have responded to various criticisms and honestly , i 'm more than sure that the online elections are safe and if they were compromised ( which is really only possible if tens or hundreds of thousands of end users get infected ) it would be found out and the results voided . 
  there are n't really `` meds '' for measles . 
   not to mention some children who get measels can develop subacute sclerosing panencephalitis , a terminal complication with onset around age 20 which kills you within a year . 
  they just delete your vote without knowing who you voted for . 
  it just so happens that everything you have to say is always negative ? 
  you people do realize this is not a press release by the estonian government right ? 
  the comments here seem like `` hurr , why does estonia claim they 're so awesome all the time ? '' . 
  this is an article in a us news agency , by some russian woman . 
  dsent with the estonia butthurt again , leave it alone already buddy . 
  you 're a russian who has n't lived in estonia for a long while now , why do you feel the need to constantly be butthurt ? 
  they can , but you can change your vote , either online or overwrite it with a paper ballot . 
  why do you say japanese people are racist ? 
  do they think other races of people are inferior to them ? 
  what does it say ? 
  i 'm not saying what happened to the natives of the americas is right , but you do realize though , that if europe never established any connection to america , the natives would still be close to a hunter-gatherer level of development right now ? 
  also the native tribes went to war with each other all the time and there were plenty of genocides before europeans ever got there . 
  alcoholism . 
  well , that 's incredibly wrong , since hiv is mostly spread by homosexual intercourse and sharing needles , it 's very unlikely to get hiv from heterosexual intercourse , the chance is about 1:2500 , that means you could have sex with an hiv infected person every 3 days for 15 years and it 's still unlikely you get infected . 
  european colonists were n't refugees . 
  equating being a refugee with colonization ? 
  far right press would love that comparison !, 
  no , that 's why i said coincidentally . 
  the reason why in estonia it 's mostly russians who are hiv positives is mostly because a lot of them refuse to learn estonian and refuse to put their kids in estonian language schools , that leads them to have a lot fewer job prospects and becoming a part of the `` underclass '' , where hiv is mostly spread by sharing needles . 
  for example , in us , in absolute numbers over 50 % of the hiv carriers are homosexuals , while they make a small percentage of the total population . 
  it 's hard to get infected by heterosexual sex , the chances are as low as 1:500 -1:2000 . 
  coincidentally , the hiv positives in estonia are mostly russians . 
  it 's always so bizarre to hear that estonia has a lot of hiv positive people per capita , since it seems like such a non issue where i live ( a mostly estonian city ) , but in narva ( ~ 98 % russian ) etc , it 's a real problem . 
  could anyone ever picture german or french or british refugees behaving like this in another country ? 
  even 100 or 200 years back ? 
  i could n't . 
  there 's such a deep cultural mismatch at play here that we 've seen carries on for multiple generations that i just ca n't see how this will ever work . 
  we need to help people , but we need to help them in their own countries or countries that have similar culture .
