  why is it necessary that such statements should be allowed ? 
  where do you draw the line in what 's a credible threat and what 's not ? 
  it gets soggy pretty fast . 
  so it 's easier to just ban it altogether , because there 's literally no reason why it should be allowed . 
   free speech laws are fucked up to go to fucking jail over it . 
  how are they fucked up ? 
  she said to kill people over their race . 
  instigating violence should be and is illegal . 
  if she said #allwhitemenareworthlesstrash nothing would 've happened . 
  this does n't really affect free speech at all , since everything you want to say , you can say without instigating violence or murder . 
  making death threats to somebody is illegal as well , why would n't this be ? 
  that 's such a dumb way to look at it . 
  ep parliament members will still mostly have their country 's interests at heart . 
  the members of national parliaments do n't have their village 's or city 's interests in heart , but the entire country 's . 
  not to mention that the interests of two random people from estonia are much more closely aligned than the interests of two random people from eu . 
  the point is that people do n't take ep seriously , they except their national government to represent their interests . 
  for small countries like estonia it 's with good reason , ep is pointless anyway , our 6 seats will have little influence against germany 's 99 , uk 's 72 etc. 
  based . 
  have you seen the percentage of people who vote for european parliament , compared to the percentage who vote for national parliaments ? 
  the difference is often over 2 times , in estonia it was something like under 30 % for ep and 60 % for national government . 
  so it 's definitely not the same . 
  latvia 's budget is 7.25 billion for 2015 . 
  but lithuania has a 30 % bigger population and they 're a bit richer as well . 
  estonia budget is 8.45 billion for comparison . 
   do you feel that we should suspect albania or kosovo 's desire to punish terrorists because they are majority muslim countries , islamic states ? 
  i guess you do n't pay enough attention to detail then , since neither of those are islamic states . 
  you pc , bro ? 
  public transport is for plebs . 
  for comparison lithuanian military budget for 2015 was 424 million euros and the entire budget is 14 billion euros . 
  this is a huge amount of money around these parts . 
  what he seems to forget is the sole reason nato is moving their bases closer , is because of their aggression in ukraine and because those countries asked nato to do so , since those countries are seeing russia as a threat because of its actions . 
  country : estonia favorite neighbor : finland ( with latvia as close second ) least favorite neighbor : i guess there 's no surprise there ... 
  bar some big changes up ahead , it will , it 's creeping through the western culture sphere and i do n't think we 're immune to it , maybe resistant still , but i guess it will remain to be seen . 
  i stopped taking nobel peace prize seriously since they gave it to obama . 
  could you translate the graphs ? 
  google translate does n't help with images . 
  this is so fucked , i 'm so glad this has n't hit estonia ... yet ... 
  `` hell '' actually means `` affectionate , tender '' in estonian . 
  so the bar was called `` tender wolf '' . 
  kek , will definitely work well with their already 10 % unemployment . 
  we have conscription , so every person who should be fighting has already gotten extensive training on how to shoot guns and will be provided one by the army . 
  i do n't see the point in arming the rest , women , children and men over the age of 60 are n't and should n't be fighting anyway . 
  i have been drinking the alcohol equivalent of about 10-15 liters of beer per week for the past 8 years , except in the summer , where it 's probably 20-25 . 
  although out of my friends i drink the most . 
  young people drink mostly vodka , rum and cider , 22 + usually drink rum and beer and 40 + crowd drinks beer and vodka . 
  at least from my personal observation . 
  i mostly drink brandy , rum , cider and beer . 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) ( although it should be less now . ), 
  we have conscription , we 're fine on the weapons part . 
  it was up because of the economic crisis , that has ended , unemployment is low again , like it was before the economic crisis . 
   no one has free healthcare . 
  no one has free education either , right ? 
  this is just a stupid way of arguing semantics that 's entirely pointless . 
   a lot of people have other people subsidizing their healthcare and do n't feel in the least bit thankful for it . 
  why should they ? 
  it 's the same with all public services . 
  because we 're bosses ? 
  probably because we have a really business friendly atmosphere , which encourages entrepreneurship and also low debts . 
  it 's a safe bet to do business here , so there are naturally less people unemployed . 
   it might be problematic when 100 % of the food grown in your country is copyrighted , licensed and under control of a single private corporation . 
  so legislate that , not ban it altogether , it 's beyond dumb . 
  we have this wonderful way of making food cheaper and more environmentally friendly ( less pesticide use ) and this is the argument to hold progress back ? 
  this anti-science thinking was usually the case in us , i 'm sad that it has spread to europe as well . 
  where my friends got cited ? 
  in tartu city center , for walking out from a bar with a beer . 
  i do n't believe that 's the case here , public drinking sometimes gets a pass here , but sometimes does n't . 
  i 've had friends cited for that . 
  i 've never heard that being the case here . 
  i 've heard plenty of times where people get caught by raids to bigger events and stuff though , even a few times where a car full of people had smoked weed except the driver and they all got booked . 
  but it is n't widespread at all here , i live in our university town where there are tons of young people and i know very very few who regularly smoke cannabis . 
  what 's the point of posting this on / r/europe , do n't most european countries have free healthcare ? 
  you 're not exactly blowing any minds here , it would cost the same in most everywhere else here . 
  what does `` illegal but often unenforced mean '' ? 
  that 's a lot more than you have to do in switzerland . 
  is n't it really hard to get a gun in the first place though ? 
  psychiatric evaluation and all that jazz ? 
  eesti can into jobs . 
  honestly , whatever works for you , if you have no issues with your liberal gun laws then all the power to you , yet i would n't wish estonia had a similar system , i 'm quite happy that gun ownership here is rather restricted . 
  there are tons and tons of online electronics shops . 
  i do n't know how commonly used they are by the majority of the population , but me and most of my friends use them regularly . 
  i can count like 5-12 different offers for most stuff from different shops . 
  define booming ? 
  we 're one of the richest former eastern block countries , with one of the lowest unemployment . 
  i think we 're doing alright . 
  also means wolf in estonian , `` hunt '' is the more popular term though . 
  `` susi '' is also wolf in estonian , but `` hunt '' is the more popular term . 
  i absolutely love justice , i think * [ genesis ] ( https://youtu.be/vkzwluqizz8 ) is my favorite track , with phantom pt ii being a close second , but most of their songs are good . 
   http://shoebat.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/photozoom-pro-6screensnapz017-e1439397393988.png this picture was why many said a woman got beheaded , it 's really blurry and you ca n't really tell , but it somewhat seems her head and body are too far apart . 
  might be nothing though . 
  has the swedish police commented on it ? 
  if she did n't get beheaded , i 'd expect them to make a public statement to say she did n't , to calm the drama . 
  honestly , i doubt it , but i do n't know . 
  was the beheading thing a lie then ? 
  did anyone get beheaded ? 
  there 's exactly the same thing for estonia , hinnavaatlus.ee . 
  this is the reason - http://www.rferl.org/contentinfographics/data-visualization-eu-migrants/27237198.html it 's the majority view of the people . 
  definitely not career politicians though , i 'd get this argument in a scientocracy , but professional demagogues deciding what 's best for us , while they have no idea themselves is ridiculous . 
  i absolutely do n't understand this , is democracy dead ? 
  how is it possible that european governments seem to care less and less about the will of the people and do the exact opposite ? 
  i do n't know if that 's my personal experience , i took the first 20 facebook friends i know irl : sven , jaanika , kairin , pavel , kristo , taavi , rainer , andi , allar , maido , mihkel , p\u00e4rtel , evert , rain , riho , rasmus , kerttu , karl , sigrid , piret .
