  why would it not be accepted , if everyone else including russia is doing the same ? 
  and you conviniently left out the part where i explained why a big proportion of russians here do n't even want estonian citizenship . 
   i was talking about a time of the end of ussr , when most of estonians etc speaked russia on nearly native level you did not say that , nor is that also correct , i just had a conversation with my parents and grandparents on this recently , they said they talked on a good level , but nowhere near native level . 
  all of them have higher education . 
  wikipedia says russia is only 1,87 times bigger than the us . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia so this gif is also a lie ? 
  i 'm really surprised it 's red in latvia and lithuania , using a red color in that context in estonia would guarantee that you wo n't get any votes from estonians , because those were the colors of the communist party during the occupation . 
  does n't cyprus get a shitton of money off all the military bases they let other countries put there ? 
   in pribaltika national authorities denied russians in such conversion of citizenship , and it was fully accepted by `` democratic '' europe . 
  the russians in latvia and estonia came here illegally , under an occupation . 
  why would you give illegal immigrants citizenship ? 
  only the russians living here prior to the occupation got citizenship . 
  also most of them do n't want an estonian citizenship because then they 'd have to serve in the army and they could n't travel to russia without a visa anymore . 
   99 % of estonians , latvians and litvians speak russian , and , vice versa , quite a small part of local russians speak estonian most estonians born after 1980 ca n't speak russian at all and that 's over 1/3 of the estonian population here . 
  so the numbers are much lower . 
  quite a lot of russians speak estonian now and it is increasing every year , because they get taught estonian in school . 
  i do n't know much about the situation in latvia , but in estonia we do n't have such problems , there are some crazies but they have no real support in the russian community here . 
  there 's an old and pretty popular folk song `` kauneim linn on eestis tartu , emaj\u00f5e kalda peal . 
  the most beautiful city in estonia is tartu , on the shore of emaj\u00f5gi ( `` motherriver '' ) . 
  who has ever been there will never forget beautiful hours on toomem\u00e4gi . 
  what about people moving to finland to get basic income ? 
  this plan would backfire quite quickly with eu 's current immigration laws . 
  how is iceland doing this well in the first place ? 
  do they have natural resources ? 
  i mean it 's a bitch to trade with any country if you 're in iceland . 
  everything should be more difficult for them . 
  where 'd you steal that \u00f6 ? 
  that 's not for brits to use !, 
  i think it could n't get any worse . 
  i do n't exactly understand how does this reduce the number of people trying to get to europe ? 
  if you get denied at the reception center , what 's stopping you from trying to get to europe anyway ? 
  it seems like now we transport some refugees to europe on our own instead of all of them trying to get here by themselves . 
  also , the `` fair distribution '' thing , i 'm already 100 % sure it 's anything but fair , it will just let the bigger/richer eu members dump their immigrants on smaller/poorer ones , who do n't have the systems , the money or the willingness to deal with them . 
   it 's the failure of ** modern ** socialism, 
  i think a certain level of nationalism is healthy , not the part where you think other countries are inferior , but if a person is proud and loves their country and feels an obligation to better it , it helps combat many ills , like corruption , braindrain and even crime . 
  if there 's no nationalism what 's the point for an estonian to stay in estonia ? 
  i can take a ferry into sweden and clean floors for a higher salary than i make here off many fields that require a higher education . 
  some people take that road , in estonia that % is a lot smaller than in many other countries though , since estonians are rather patriotic . 
  i love my country and my people and even when things are a little harder here , i wo n't leave . 
  that we border russia . 
  i wonder why they picked latvia , lithuania and belarussia instead of estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  that 's pretty much the same as saying `` i have found no muslims that are n't terrorists , it 's quite possible i missed someone and they 're beeing wrongly accused now , in that case i 'd be grateful for names to check them out . '', 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ estonia ^ ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ ^ into ? 
  greece ca n't into europe . 
  yes , let 's lump them all together and call them xenophobes , because that 's exactly the opposite of what a racist or bigot would do . 
  so you justify this with faulty whataboutism ? 
  i honestly doubt us would align themselves with a country that has such a horrendous human rights record , the worst us is currently doing is saudi arabia and those two are aeons apart , not to mention there is public outcry in us against being aligned with saudi arabia and there has been some effort from us to pressure saudi arabia to adobt more modern human rights laws . 
  anyway , it does n't have to be `` but us , but us '' , that 's all i see russians saying . 
  if you skip the whataboutism ( which is faulty anyway ) , all there 's left is being the `` baddies '' . 
  [ do n't news like these make the average russian question `` are we the baddies ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn1vxamejru ), 
  i wo n't pretend i have much knowledge about the greece situation , a few articles here and there , but the overall picture seems to blame greece . 
  when there 's so much conflicting information and ideas going around , mere opinion pieces without any substance become rather pointless imo , he might be right , but i ca n't just take his word for it . 
  those kids were way younger than 13 . 
  the opinion piece does n't back up anything it says , from all i 've seen it seemed that the greek were on track paying back their debt and the greek people are n't the most worse off eu members by a long shot so i do n't quite understand why countries who have practiced responsible fiscal policies , but are n't as rich as greece should have to foot their bill . 
  i know you know . 
   however , it was reckless for the idea of immediate eu membership or within a few years to be held out as a treat to the new government . 
  how do people get to be this misinformed ? 
  there is none , there was n't even a hint at one , most there ever was , was an association agreement . 
  this eu expansionist bullshit is peddled by putinbots and conspiracy theorists . 
  eu has been rather indifferent towards ukraine membership , before and after the maidan , if they meet the criteria and want to join then sure , but that 's gon na take a long time and there is n't much motivation for eu to push for this . 
  `` we '' - eu and the west in general . 
  you seem to have a stick up your ass about estonia and i do n't know why . 
  estonia loves latvia , we 're kinda sad you do n't have conscription , because it lowers our defense capabilities aswell , but it 's okay . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fb/ie_countries.svg estonia ca n't into indo-european languages . 
  yeah and we have the right to sink your economy into nothing . 
  read his flair text . 
  1v1 bro at valga/valka , let 's see who will win . 
  that 's why estonia has conscription . 
  ~ 300 000 , would be a drop in the bucket honestly . 
  they 're not that unintegrated as it may seem also . 
  i 'd say the almost 200 000 living in tallinn are pretty well integrated . 
   sure . 
  you can believe whatever you want to believe . 
  i was joking , but there are already great many things we rank better at than france . 
   how am i being an asshole ? 
  because i 've high expectations for the baltic states ? 
  because i want you guys to do an even better job ? 
  i , in no way , meant to offend your nationalistic feelings , feelings that go against the spirit of the european union and this subreddit by the way . 
  you 're being an asshole , by coming here trying to shit on the achievements of a small country that has been independant for a very short time , but has managed to make great strides forwards in most all fields . 
  it 's not about nationalistic feelings , it 's about celebrating the achievements of smaller players aswell . 
  well , there 's the issue of language too . 
  our languages are pretty close but they 're not exactly mutually intelligible . 
  look harder then . 
  estonia beats france at pretty much everything except number of berets per capita . 
  maybe instead of being an asshole , be happy that a country that was annexed just 25 years ago and had to start from nothing is doing this well . 
  it 's a positive development yes , there 's still a long way to go , though . 
  europe probably needs to unify our defence forces ( atleast the nato members ) , so bigger efficiency is reached . 
  it 's still kinda lame , that there are tanks sitting in france and spain , while our only threat is russia and we 've had to , until now , take 100 % care of our defense , while we 're the front line . 
  i 'd just like to see more contribution from western-european countries that are so far away . 
  i would prefer that estonia is not in ashes when nato gets here , although i do n't believe that 's possible , but a lot of people do . 
  we 've still got more than 200 000 well trained men ready to mobilise in less than 24 hours and nato fighters would reach estonia from all over europe in matter of hours , a lot in less than an hour . 
  bestonia , better get used to it . 
  well for the 11 years baltic countries have been a part of nato , there has never before been this many us soldiers and tech here . 
  well , it does make sense , from their point of view . 
  jews are n't true believers so they do n't have god on their side , while muslims do , so `` allah '' will protect them and that 72 virgin deal seems rather ok aswell . 
  is there any sign of this happening ? 
  it only seems to get worse . 
  the problem with islam is that muslims believe the quran is the literal word of god 1:1 , while christians know that the bible is not . 
  this gives some room to adapt to modern values , islam ca n't .
