  people who migrated under eu rules , will be allowed to stay under eu rules . 
  well poland is about half the population of turkey and they got in . 
  well what if turkey becomes less muslim ? 
  like how european countries have become less and less christian ? 
  why would you say that ? 
  yeah , i 'm sorry about that . 
  i guess politicians are using the potential eu membership to get turkey to make concessions , but in reality i think everyone knows there 's no chance . 
  the changes turkey would have to go through would take decades , before it even becomes realistic . 
  what is this shit ? 
  i 'm no religious expert , but afaik , almost no christian in europe follows the old testament , since they believe the new testament `` replaces '' the old testament . 
  so why would they be reading passages from there ? 
  to make a misleading video ? 
  does anybody seriously believe there 's a chance in hell that turkey will become an eu member ? 
  and the hundreds of thousands of eu citizens who moved to britain will flood back to mainland ? 
  are you guys joking ? 
  nothing will really change for the people who have already moved . 
  i loved positivus !, 
   only ten percent are university graduates i wonder what the number is if you remove the shady universities and ones that are n't up to eu standards . 
  the same way you do all surveys ... 
  by pandering to the russian population . 
  oh , we do n't have that . 
  we have this bizarre estonian party that gets all of the russian 's vote . 
  they never make it into the coalition still , but even if they did , it would n't really become an estonia vs russia thing . 
  there are some russian parties , but they never even get over 5 % , which is necessary for a party to get seats in the parliament . 
  and they 're 26 % in estonia , i still do n't get it though . 
  what do you mean by ru vs lv ? 
  i think russians and russia do n't come up a lot in estonian politics . 
  what 's `` ultra nationalist '' about wanting out of nato and/or eu ? 
  she has n't said about expelling people who are n't `` french '' , so `` france only for the french '' is bullshit . 
  protective taxes can be beneficial in some cases , but there is n't that much wiggle room anyway , since they ca n't afford to piss off wto . 
  they 've never said anything about `` prohibiting immigration '' either , limiting it , sure and there 's nothing `` ultra nationalist '' about that either . 
  what `` ultra nationalist '' policies does fn have ? 
  seems like there 's hope for europe yet . 
  begging really is just a random example , it could be anything really , most menial jobs . 
  `` this is for syria '' makes it rather obvious . 
  europeans do and have for a long while now , ep and our politicians wo n't , except for a few based countries . 
  for a lot of poor people it probably is n't too much . 
  i mean , if you have the option of either begging on the streets in romania or begging on the streets of finland for 5 years and you 'll be guaranteed 800 euros per month for the rest of your life , you 'll rather beg on the streets of finland . 
  their homeless centers are probably nicer anyway . 
  i mean , i 'm loving the idea , but i just does n't see how it works with the open doors policy , even if we leave out the third world migrants , you 'd get plenty of people moving to finland for this from eu alone , some of them exactly for the prospect of never having to really work again after 5 years and they 'll be a permanent drain . 
  they either need to make getting citizenship a lot harder , like at least 10-15 + years , and being able to reject who `` look like '' ( based off interviews or w/e ) they wo n't be contributing or they need to almost completely close their borders to anyone but very highly skilled migrants . 
  since the second option is n't available whilst in eu , they 'd have to go with the first imo . 
  really , i 'm not trying to shit on the idea , i really want them to succeed , but i hope they take the necessary steps for it . 
  if this works , and other countries adopt it as well , this could lead the world into another level of prosperity and happiness . 
  it 's a beautiful idea and it 's inevitable that it 's going to happen , because automation is making so many jobs obsolete , but at the same time , if someone cocks it up and it 's a failure , it 's going to create a bad example and delay it for everyone . 
  so finland is either going to lead us to our prosperous and happy future or going to delay it for everyone . 
  ( if they actually go through with it ) . 
  it 's five years . 
  yeah , that 's why i mentioned learning finnish , once you speak the language , you just need to stay there for some years and you can become a citizen . 
  that 's why i mentioned learning finnish , if you speak the language and stay some years there , it 's pretty easy to become a citizen . 
  how will this work with open borders ? 
  i 'm guessing a lot of people will be learning finnish soon ... 
  i thought you were speaking of the `` nicer joseph fritzl '' 's , not the self declared judge . 
  it 's hard to find any concrete evidence if the victim does n't cooperate , then you 'll get the shitshow of being accused you 're only targeting them because of their religion and you ca n't arrest a husband just because his wife is submissive . 
  alright , that 's what i wanted to know . 
  if everything you 're saying is correct , then i guess you 're right , similar amenities are provided for the dutch as well . 
  i guess that explains the uproar in ee countries over the benefits offered to refugees , since here , what we 're asked to offer , is much better than what we can afford for our own citizens . 
  for what ? 
  the woman would have to complain , but the woman is taught all her life that this is how it works and that 's what god wants and if that does n't convince her , the beatings and death threats will . 
  she is made to a submissive shell of a person . 
  if police were to question her , she 'd say everything is alright . 
  well it 's not exactly the same then , is it ? 
  you need to actively look for work , and if they find you a job cleaning toilets in mcdonalds then you either accept it or lose the benefits ? 
  refugees are n't forced to look for work for the first 2 years , at least here , i 'm guessing it 's pretty similar there as well . 
  960 euros a month , without ever having worked ? 
  and for how long ? 
  what strings are attached to it ? 
  and this is so for any dutch citizen ? 
  what you 're saying does n't add up , and you 're not really answering my questions . 
  if i 'm straight out of university or high school , can i apply and receive a free apartment and free money for at least a 2 year period ? 
  do you mean unemployment benefits ? 
  does this also exist for people who are just out of high school or university ? 
  or do you have to have been working for a while ? 
  also homeless shelters do n't exist in netherlands then ? 
  everybody gets a free apartment and money if they do n't have a job ? 
  but he is n't getting the same benefits refugees do , i ca n't get a free apartment for 2 years and monthly spending money . 
  the best i could do is some overcrowded homeless shelter and a few bowls of soup per day . 
  most likely to do with alcohol and more junk food . 
  http://www.cream-migration.org/files/fiscalej.pdf uk has lost 120 billion pounds on immigration from outside of eea , this includes educated americans , australians etc. 
  if it focused on africa and middle-east alone , it would be much worse . 
  it 's not that i 'm offended , it 's just the double standard that 's absurd . 
  eesti ca n't into aviation . 
  the point is n't to defeat russia , it 's to make it more trouble than it 's worth . 
  if you 're facing 200 000 + conscripts running around the country , armed with a bunch of anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons . 
  trained to survive long periods in the woods even with extremely cold weather , it 'll take an incredibly long time and massive losses to really completely defeat estonia . 
  i 've seen quite a few jokes about sending people to siberia upvoted here , although if you make fun of the holocaust then it 's over the line . 
  the double standards ... 
  it really is n't , many european countries have adopted systems that make it more comfortable than it is outside of europe , but it 's nowhere near enough . 
  once people can forget about the financial aspect of having children , is when things will get better . 
  because the way our society is built makes having children a great burden , people do n't feel secure enough to have children . 
   it 's a big part of why germany ( lowest birthrate in the world , top-20 life expectancy , high median age ) can take so many refugees right now : they need an influx of working age , able-bodied people to save the social system . 
  except this is hogwash , they definitely do n't need low skilled and hard to integrate immigrants by the hundreds of thousands , it 's a net drain on german economy . 
  if they need immigrants , then they have a ridiculously easier time adopting poles , romanians etc. 
  although immigration is no solution in the long term anyway , it creates the facade that everything is okay , without fixing the actual problem , that european citizens often are n't financially capable of having children , our society does n't facilitate for it . 
  what makes it even worse , is that if we are n't financially capable , then how are the immigrants supposed to take care of their children , when they 're much poorer and often have 2-3x higher birthrates . 
  on government welfare and with limited capabilities ? 
  which will create another underclass that will never really become european . 
  great fix , truly . 
  so what you 're saying is that about 20 % of swedes are racist ? 
  also emigration and immigration .
