  if they arrive at the wrong place they 'll kill the passengers ? 
  if his intentions are anything other than crashing the plane , he does n't need access to the cockpit . 
  he can force the pilot to land somewhere else or w/e without it . 
   but i honestly think that a fucked up hijacker could persuade a pilot to open the door anyway how ? 
  if you let him in the cockpit he 's gon na crash the plane , so what could he threaten that would be worse than that ? 
  yeah , i do n't know what happened . 
  we used to have one of the highest speeds , but as they finished the last grid , there has n't been much progress . 
  the internet in my house which i got ~ 10 years ago 15mbps down was pretty good at the time , but since then there has been no possibility for upgrade . 
  they started a project called `` estwin '' in 2009 that was about bringing fiber atleast 1,5 km of 98 % of houses and businesses in estonia , but that delayed because of the economic crisis , although it 's still ongoing it 's facing some problems with isp 's saying that the goverment provided fiber ports are too expensive , i hope this gets resolved . 
  although lately , faster speeds have begun to spread again and i think we will be in the top 10 again in a few years . 
  russia , not even once . 
  why did it not pass ? 
  well , his job is very different from the one us president has , estonian president is more of a representative and our `` hype '' guy with not much actual power . 
  and he is representing and hyping us well !, 
  it 's legal in practice , at least where i live , especially if you do n't redistribute . 
  there are sites like `` watchseries '' , `` solarmovie '' or `` icefilms '' where you do n't even have to torrent , just press play and it streams . 
  movies and tv shows are a simple google search away . . 
  well you are n't in the eu , so this would n't really even currently apply to you and if you were/will be , then serbia is n't exactly a market services like netflix rush to , so you either get nothing or content that might be a bit limited . 
  yeah , he was born here , but he was n't really an estonian , `` estonia '' did n't exist yet , he was only 1/4th estonian , his father was half-estonian . 
  with the rather young population of / r/europe and the fact he 's been dead for a while i thought maybe that many people did n't know about him , but he 's definitely without question one of the best estonians who ever lived . 
  he 's almost as this mythological figure here , who people tell stories about , which may or may not be exaggerated , but alas , now that i think about it , i should 've added him out of principle already !, 
  he 's a pretty chill guy , i think he does his job well . 
  he 's no match to `` lennart meri '' , but probably no one ever will . 
  your wife is famous from pornhub ? 
  arvo p\u00e4rt is one of the most famous composers alive , baruto is a very successful sumo wrestler , so he 's probably really only known in japan . 
  carmen kass is a quite famous model . 
  kerli k\u00f5iv `` kerli '' is a somewhat famous singer currently living in us and toomas hendrik ilves is the current president of estonia , known for using twitter a lot , knowing how to program etc. 
  that 's why i added the question marks , but any cultured person should know about arvo p\u00e4rt , though . 
  do presidents count ? 
  toomas hendrik ilves is also pretty known . 
   we are definitely the country that is doing the best out of all post-communistic ones you are joking , right ? 
  i heard , and i could be entirely wrong here , that the actual size of the foreign reserve is unknown to the public , might they have actually spent much more ? 
  can someone explain to me , what is there to gain by protesting against austerity ? 
  the government magically makes more money and jobs appear ? 
  what do these people actually want to be done ? 
  i ca n't see how defaulting could make anything better . 
  such a headline just makes it seem like it 's in the same ballpark as protesting against heavy rain or the length of the day being too short . 
  if you speculate , then say so , not claim  if for example spain had its own central bank they could have handled financial crisis better . 
  like it 's a sure deal . 
  we 're talking 1v1 , if nazi germany had to waste time and resources invading greece it is n't 1v1 anymore . 
   what i meant was that if for example spain had its own central bank they could have handled financial crisis better . 
  this is pure speculation that holds no value . 
  but it does n't say anything of the sort you 're saying . 
   estonia is second in europe after spain in terms of number of species seen during migration . 
  can you give me a source for that claim ? 
  i did n't find it on that webpage when looking around for a short while . 
  if it is there , could it be that they 're comparing estonia and mainland spain ? 
  and maybe it 's true for that , but not true if you consider their overseas territories . 
  also that 's a really benign thing to complain about and i 'm more than sure that it 's either a mistake or they use a difference source that claims otherwise , not intentional lying . 
   tsk tsk tsk , no need to be rude . 
  i never said they should n't like estonia , i said they should n't treat estonia like it 's second coming of jesus or something . 
  i 'm not being rude , you are . 
  nobody is treating estonia like that , people just like estonia and i do n't see why you should immediately get an inferiority complex over that . 
  what white lies ? 
  why are you so butthurt over a lot of latvians and lithuanians liking estonia ? 
  they 're still no match of russia 's . 
  so it does n't really matter . 
  this is true , but overall our self governance would still decrease and i think people here just are n't ready for that . 
  we definitely want to get there , but we 've had to jumpstart our economy . 
  so we do n't want to go crazy with the taxes yet , need to make companies want to invest here , but i think the point where we 'll be comfortable enough is n't too far off . 
  i think an union would be awesome , i think it 's too early for a federation/confederation for estonia , we have been independent for too short , we would like to enjoy this new found freedom for a while . 
  also the same issue with population sizes , i think it 's hard to find a balanced way , either we get steamrolled by the bigger members or we get more representation for a smaller population . 
  hell no , those articles , you just made me remember middle school . 
  never again . 
  damn , 28,5 million people on 74 926 km ^ 2 , estonia is 1,3 million people on 45 227 km ^ 2 , do n't you guys run out of room there ? 
  i do n't believe there is much room to argue . 
   they would be 40km away from the scene in a worst case scenario . 
  well , at least they 're always be a maximum of 40km away , some accidents in finland and estonia happen much further away from emergency services . 
  not to say it would be a good idea though , it would be too easy to drive a bomb in there and cause billions of damage and major loss of life . 
  it 's much harder to take a bomb on a train and even then the size would be restricted . 
  also trains are faster , more comfortable ( knowing estonia and finland there would be the best available internet the whole trip ) and less chance for human error . 
  that 's not 1v1 , if you give them 430 000 trucks , 13 000 combat vehicles etc. . . 
  well if both countries got zero outside help and only had to fight each other , there 's no chance russia would 've even put up a good fight . 
   the united states gave to the soviet union from october 1 , 1941 to may 31 , 1945 the following : 427,284 trucks , 13,303 combat vehicles , 35,170 motorcycles , 2,328 ordnance service vehicles , 2,670,371 tons of petroleum products ( gasoline and oil ) , 4,478,116 tons of foodstuffs ( canned meats , sugar , flour , salt , etc. 
  ) , 1,900 steam locomotives , 66 diesel locomotives , 9,920 flat cars , 1,000 dump cars , 120 tank cars , and 35 heavy machinery cars . 
  etc. . 
  i had a guy dead serious in / r/ukrainianconflict that the soviet union would 've won against nazi germany alone , 1 versus 1 . 
   europe 's inability to spend 2 % some of us actually do spend the 2 % !, 
  even before the ukraine thing . 
  i think the issue is that the populations are really different , so either you have countries that do n't get much representation at all , if it 's per capita or if every country sends one , small countries get too much of a say , which is again unfair if a population of one million gets the same amount of representation as a population of 60 million . 
  i believe there should be more cohesion , but nothing this drastic . 
  some of us are just settling in to having our own country and freedom to make our own decisions and would n't be so quick to give it up . 
  there are too many success stories to say that giving money does n't pay off , even if a fraction goes to waste , in addition to countries i 've named , there 's romania , czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , etc. 
  all you have is saying allegedly some money is being wasted in hungary , but hungary is doing much better than before joining the eu still , that means a bigger market for goods coming from germany , france , uk etc. 
  in the big picture is hard to deny it does n't have a positive effect . 
  well without the rail baltica , you still have a far easier time visiting places like germany , france etc since you have a lot more plane traffic . 
  estonians often fly or go by ferry to helsinki first or from riga to visit those places . 
  there just is n't enough people here to warrant enough destinations and cheaper flights . 
  but yeah , that 's gon na change a bit with the rail baltica . 
  i 'm pretty sure estonia would go for this , it 's more on finland to get behind this as well . 
  with eu funds i believe it 's possible , but finland would probably have to contribute more money than estonia , because you have more to contribute . 
  a deal in the ballpark of 70 % -30 % ( + eu money ) or something would probably be accepted here easily . 
  sadly , car tunnels also run the risk of someone blowing it up with tremendous consequences to human life . 
  there are observers and audits sent by the eu , if you misuse the money you have to pay it back , sure you do n't always get caught but it only takes one time to get prosecuted and end up in jail . 
  i think the problem is far smaller than you think it is . 
  most european countries are succeeding while africa is n't . 
  most of africa had maybe a hundred or few hundreds years of enslavement , estonia was basicly enslaved for close to 700 years . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serfdom your point does n't hold any water , it 's looking for an excuse where the is none to be found . 
  it 's easy to blame everyone else beside themselves . 
   bulgaria in 2012 once again had the negative distinction of leading the global suffering list , with 39 % of bulgarians rating their lives poorly enough to be considered `` suffering .
