  i mean , for gods sake , these people have nowhere left to go . 
  except the many countries they often pass through to get to europe , or the countries next to them . 
  there is literally no scenario where getting into europe is easier than going another country in africa where there is no conflict . 
  no , they 're not . 
  i think eu is to blame for this as well , we keep rewarding the ones who make across by letting them stay here , so more and more try this dangerous trip to get here , were we to send all of them back , they 'd eventually realize that it 's a fruitless effort . 
   it 's not unsustainable at all . 
  if it costs more than you 're willing to spend then spend less money on them . 
  most just want freedom , safety and a chance in life anyway . 
  there are already big trouble with housing , educating and providing work for those people , if these trends continue , this will get much much worse . 
   only if you dont care about poor people at all . 
  immigration is a massive , massive improvement in human well being . 
  i can care about poor people and at the same time put the needs of myself and my people first . 
  we should be trying to fix the problems these people are running from , not offering a bad solution for the ones who manage to get here . 
  i can bet there 's an app for that . 
  seems to be very positive , or does it not account for inflation ? 
  i think in a big way european immigration policies are to blame , because we actually reward those who make it here , if we sent them back , they 'd eventually stop trying , since there 's no reward at the end . 
  there is no other way , except all out war . 
  which would be much worse on russian citizens . 
  sanctions must make at least some people question why the world is turning against them and maybe wake them up . 
   `` what are we going to do with those who wont say where they are from '' keep every asylum seeker who ca n't prove to a reasonable degree where they 're from in a refugee camp . 
  if they wo n't say where they 're from , how can you be sure they 're legitimately seeking refuge ? 
  if they 're not , they 're just criminals doing an illegal border crossing . 
  i do n't think there are any cases where they ca n't prove where they 're from at all if they wanted to . 
  language tests , making inquiries to the country where they 're from , there is always some sort of records . 
  call the town/village w/e . 
  possibilities are endless . 
   if there 's a chance of torture or death . 
  i think for the overwhelming majority , this really is n't the case . 
  what ? 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  of course france ca n't force a company in another country to do anything , what they can do is remove google from operating in france . 
  the vast majority of asylum seekers are economic immigrants , not to mention that there are countries next to them that have no war , which are much easier to get to , but they opt to go to europe , not because they 're fleeing death , but for better economic opportunities . 
  if the russian people show 60-80 % approval ratings for putin in polls , then they 're to blame as well . 
  in my opinion , all countries in the eu should contribute to help countries like greece , italy , spain etc keep the immigrants out . 
  the current mass immigration into the eu is unsustainable and undesirable . 
  out of interest , if a country has a referendum about annexing another country and does so , we should n't punish the people for their democratic choice ? 
  the idea is that you prefer not to punish the people , but the elite , but if the people agree , they 're to blame as well and need to face the music , if the other sanctions do n't work . 
  it has nothing to do with putin and everything to do with oil , that 's like saying saudi arabia or qatar leaders have done a good job , they 're not , they 're just sitting on oil . 
  you 're saying russia was n't corrupt before yeltsin ? 
  russia could easily be the richest country in europe , because they have so much land and natural resources , instead , it 's one of the poorest per capita , since the corrupt officials and oligarchs are robbing the country blind , and there 's absolutely no diversification of income , which became painfully apparent when the ruble tanked with the oil price . 
  you do n't have to be a genius to sell oil , which is what the entire growth is built upon , but it wo n't last , nor does it make russian people prosperous , when done like it is . 
  democracy , actual prosperity , not the petrocleptocracy . 
  they support putin , so they 're to blame as well . 
  dem gosh darn patriots !, 
  the sanctions did n't really target russian economy anyway , they targeted the elite . 
  if eu wanted to destroy russian economy , eu would 've done so , easily . 
  yes , it works only one way , you could get a second citizenship , but to get an estonian citizenship , you first have to give up your previous citizenship . 
  which i think is pretty logical . 
  how come ? 
  i study informatics , there are some people of indian and african origin there , i 'm not saying there is n't any , but there are almost none , and there 's no issue with them . 
  i do n't know if i was lucky but i waited max 10 minutes at the first 4 ( other two i have n't visited ) . 
  with not buying anything in advance and this was near 2008 , at the height of the economic boom when everyone were taking vacations . 
  hahahahaha , the language is absolutely hillarious . 
  `` fuck , i ca n't raise my head up , the dicks are shooting at me '' `` do n't bother , you wo n't see fuck anyway '' `` fuuck '' `` from there somewhere that dick is shooting at us , i think , he will be out of ammo soon '' in very crude language . 
  estonia does n't allow multiple citizenship . 
  i doubt much is gon na change , the majority of people do n't want an `` european citizenship '' . 
  google translate usually does the job good enough to understand the gist of it . 
  i already cringe every single time it 's mentioned on reddit , the same old arguments that hold absolutely no water and what could 've been found responses to by a quick google . 
  and then there 's the people who just say `` it ca n't be done '' , `` it 's impossible '' , without saying anything more . 
  like those armchair experts know better than the top it minds of estonia who have spent over a decade developing it . 
  i really just have to hide these threads from the future to save my sanity . 
   and estonian e-voting is insecure . 
  top kek . 
  and you know this because you 're a better it security expert than the hundreds of highly educated people who worked on this project ? 
  you can , they ca n't . 
  you can also overwrite your vote online or with a paper ballot . 
  so even if someone sees you voting , it does n't guarantee anything . 
  this is all publicly available basic information about the estonian e-voting . 
  instead of asking a billion questions here , trying to attack the system with moot points , maybe try google ? 
  i do n't , i defend it because i study informatics , i know my fair share about it , and the dumb arguments that come up every time this is mentioned , that have been addressed millions of times get tiring . 
  for the baltic nations , ussr occupation was far worse . 
  last i checked they 're the same race as us . 
  although , to answer your question , no . 
  i 've never seen a russian person being treated badly because he 's a russian . 
  i 'd say almost all russians here would say the same . 
   https://www.valimised.ee/kkk#turvalisus there are plenty of resources online that answer most of those questions you have , but i doubt you really care , you 're a well established idiot , who just likes to shit on everything estonia does for god knows what reason . 
  you should tell those hundreds of it professionals who worked on that system , i think they may have forgotten . 
  never , because there are almost no people of other race where i live , funny how that works . . 
   can you log in somewhere to see how you voted ? 
  is such feature even desirable ? 
  yes ? 
  so why does n't my bank account constantly get emptied ? 
  i can always overwrite my vote with a paper ballot , it 's no guarantee i actually voted for anyone . 
  the best way would be to gather all people and decide by raising hands , but that 's unrealistic right ? 
  it 's all about doing what 's efficient and safe enough . 
  there 's no reason to believe estonian online voting is any less safe than paper ballots . 
   what is there to observe ? 
  you ca n't directly observe a computing process going on in the chipset , nor is there any second , human-readable channel to verify that the results reflect the intention of voters . 
  absolutely everything ? 
  it 's not magic that goes on in the chipset , you can log and double check everything . 
  every person can check if their vote went to the intended person , you just log in and check it . 
  low birthrates , population is kinda too small for the size of our country , too cold , too poor ( although we 're making good progress on that front ) . 
  not much on natural resources etc. 
  i do n't know , depends on what you consider downsides . 
  you could probably count infinitely many for any country , upsides are much more fun to talk about !, 
   the general consensus of computer scientists is that any computerized remote voting protocol should be of end-to-end verifiable and you can check who you 've voted for currently . 
   thus any suggestion that it has worked flawlessly or that it failed are nothing but a mere opinion . 
  you have multiple ways of detecting fraud , from logging ip addresses , times , cookies , amount of votes for each party coupled with the paper ballots and polls before the elections . 
  the fraud has to be beyond minuscule to pass any statistician taking a longer look at it . 
  besides , you ca n't independently verify that every paper ballot did indeed go to the person intended , so i do n't see how this is much different .
