  there just is n't much reason to do this in the first place , unless they give a party that should 've gotten 2 % of the vote 51 % of the vote , which i hope even you can agree that is an impossible situation that it would happen and the election results would stand . 
  search any of the threads where this has been discussed before , all of this has been explained a billion times . 
   people selling their votes , forced voting i wish people paid me money to vote , since i can annul my vote with a paper ballot later or change my vote any number of times online . 
  so i could sell my vote to everyone and then vote who i want to in the end anyway . 
   digital tampering on infected computers sure , computers might get infected , but someone will notice that their vote did n't go to the person they wanted to , since you can check your vote later , from another device etc , and an investigation will be launched , if any tampering is identified that could 've influenced the outcome , they can hold another vote , paper only if they deem necessary . 
  so in conclusion , stop talking shit about something you have n't even taken 5 minutes to research on how it works . 
  it 's stupid . 
  automation and proper taxation on automation will replace that , like progressive taxation on companies , but probably needs to be handled very delicately and en-masse to prevent companies from relocating to a more beneficial tax system country . 
  but obviously we need the birthrate to recover as well , the only solution to that is to stop forcing people to decide between having money and having children , we need more benefits for children and their parents , ideally we 'd want to reach as close as possible to a situation where people who have children are as well off financially as they would 've been if they did n't have any children . 
  today , yes , but between 2000-2005 , there were a lot going back . 
   every country has debt ahem ... 
  no treaty anyone signed said that `` hey we will open all borders and you 'll have to take an x amount of migrants '' . 
  except that was exactly how it was sold to us by campaigns financed by the eu . 
  so basically what you 're trying to say that you 're uninformed about the world affairs ? 
   trying to ban a whole religion what ??? 
  what religion did he try to ban and how ? 
   demanding mexico to pay for a wall has us officially asked mexico to pay for the wall ? 
  or was he talking about funding the wall through taxation on remittances and trade with mexico ? 
   billions weapons deal with the guys that fund isis us has always sold weapons to saudi arabia . 
  so you 're saying us was a respectable country during the obama era , but not anymore ? 
  so i gather destabilizing the mena was respectable , what foreign policy moves has us made since trump took office that would deem us a not-respectable country ? 
  this still kinda feels like a double edged sword to me , people already addressed the pricing issue that might happen with games which might hurt less rich countries in eu , the other end is that it might hurt the better off countries with media that 's currently available for free or for very cheap . 
  if you think about why companies have these restrictions , then it 's pretty simple . 
  content is usually available for free or very cheap because a station in that country has already bought the rights and shown it , so nobody else will . 
  so they might as well make it available there after the fact . 
  but if you have a country where you believe some station might buy the rights to air your content yet , then you 're shooting yourself in the foot by making it available for free or cheap by other means . 
  less incentive for any station to pick up your content , since there are going to be fewer viewers etc. 
  so what they 'll probably end up doing is just not release it for free or cheap anywhere in eu and keep their chances of making bigger profits higher . 
  for estonians , nazis were never worse , they were both bad , but nazis did n't go full genocidal against our population like the soviets did , with the mass deportation to siberia and executions . 
   a `` vast majority '' would actually prefer to work if there is an opportunity to do so . 
  prefer to work as who ? 
  they have no applicable skills in europe , since their education is garbage . 
   https://www.welt.de/regionales/hamburg/article153237847/viele-fluechtlinge-im-grunde-analphabeten.html?wtrid=crossdevice.n24.desktop.artikel bunch of the arrivals are functionally illiterate . 
  so what kind of opportunities could there ever even be ? 
  god bless oil shale . 
  it is 100 % worse though , since the outcomes are much worse , recidivism rates are much higher , number of people in prison is much higher and the amount of criminals are much higher in the us . 
  we have no idea what the people who left are doing in foreign countries , the number of people who actually stayed here is much smaller than that . 
  and 2 out of a 142 is already a huge amount percentage wise , that 'd be the equivalent of 20 000 women set alight each year in the native population . 
  i 'd write 1 case off as a fluke , but this seems more troubling than that . 
  i 'm not jumping to any conclusions here , obviously the social distribution is different , since they 're coming here with no parental safety net , assets and poor education . 
  this will never change , and there is no way to change that , unless you 're advocating for serious redistribution of wealth , and i 'm hoping you 're not advocating for communism . 
  the religion most likely is not the driving factor , it does hurt , whatever which way you dissect it and the initial point your proposed , which i started arguing against , falls flat , they 're not doing fine . 
  you can argue the difference aspects on why it is that they 're not doing fine , but they 're still not doing fine . 
  it does n't mean most are bad , it means on average they 're having a worse impact on society than the native population , are you suggesting french judges are en masse racist towards muslims ? 
  it 's funny , since the only reason why they 're drowning is the current policies that will accept and provide welfare/jobs etc to illegal immigrants . 
  if there 's no pull , there would be nobody coming , ergo nobody drowning . 
  honest question , do you really not know that around 70 % of french prison population is muslim , is the propaganda you 're consuming neglecting this simple fact ? 
  or you choose to ignore it to push your own agenda ? 
  since that does n't really give much credence to the statement that they 're doing fine . 
  absolutely there are bad apples in any decent sized demographic of people , it 's just for some demographics the number is in order of magnitude higher , if you take in ~ 100 people and 2 of them try/do set their wife on fire , then there 's obviously something very wrong . 
  one chained his wife to a radiator and doused her in gasoline , but did n't end up setting her on fire , the other actually went through with this . 
  it 's just so crazy , we take in some ~ 100 people who allegedly have gone through multiple background checks and they end up doing stuff like this . 
  it just makes me feel like the number of bad apples in the refugees coming here from the middle-east and north-africa is in orders of magnitude higher than in the general population and the general population should not be subjected to this threat that they have been strongly against from the beginning . 
  i strongly believe we should do our best effort to save every human life we can , but we ca n't do that at the direct expense of our own citizens . 
  we should host refugees , but host them in camps where we can supervise , until it 's safe enough to send them back . 
  the thing people here and in the massively upvoted r/worldnews article are missing is that while estonian electrical network is technically connected to russia , we do n't buy any electricity from them and have n't been for probably around 2 decades . 
  we have our own powerplants , that can easily support our country and more . 
  we usually end up selling to finland and latvia . 
  we have massive oilshale reserves we use to generate electricity , more recently wind energy has been picking up . 
  this is really non-news , since the connection to russia was n't utilized anyway . 
  what we do get from russia is natural gas , we do n't have any reserves of that , and it 's used for heating iirc something like ~ 15 % of homes , so cutting that would actually mean something , although there are alternative gas routes through lithuania iirc . 
  god it feels good to be a tax haven . 
  there was a war in vietnam in 1992 ? 
  you say they ca n't , but what stops them from deciding they 're not paying their public debt anymore ? 
  just why ... 
  there is much more recent data publicly available ... 
  what stops greece from defaulting exactly ? 
  you seem to be highly ignorant about reading what i wrote , my post was about how finland having swedish language as an official language and a baltic state having russian as an official language ca n't be compared . 
  sweden is n't a nice country then ? 
  this was in comparisent to russia . 
  that 's why i used the term `` russia '' , not `` russians '' , are you a retard or just dyslexic ? 
  what i 'd like to say to most of the people commentating from places elsewhere than eastern-europe , you do n't know what it 's like , it 's not comparable . 
  if you 'd live here , you 'd be against russia nad russian language aswell , and the reasons go well beyond just `` not-liking '' russians who live here . 
  finland ? 
  that 's a joke right ? 
  finland - autonomy from sweden march 29 , 1809 , this was over 200 years ago , non-violent , non opressive , `` occupation '' , eastern-europe was opressely occupied by soviet russia 22 years ago . 
  also sweden is a nice country , with nice people , russia still maintains it 's asshole status . 
  threats , lying , propaganda , no-democracy etc. 
  these things are no way comparable . 
  what ? 
  which of those countries have taken their occupants language as another official language ? 
  which one of those countries were violently opressed for 50 years , then regained freedom and took their occupants language as another language ? 
  wow , how exactly are russian speakers more competetive ? 
  you should come and tell that to estonia 's 26 % of population . 
  most of them are either in prison , homeless , addicts , alcoholics or some of them are doing harder manual labour , while they have all the opportunities estonian 's have and we do n't discriminate , they still end up nowhere . 
  so i do n't see that `` competetiveness '' . 
  i 'd say it 's the other way around . 
  who would care about russian being another eu official language ? 
  the only reason latvia does n't want russian as another language , is because the country is called `` latvia '' , they speak `` latvian '' , why would they ever , wan na take the language of the occupants as another official language ? 
  so what ? 
  you ca n't , because debt = money , if a private bank in sweden , has loaned money to poland , that money the private bank loaned comes from alot of peoples savings , regular families of sweden , companies , etc. 
  if they drop the debt , those families/companies will basicly lose their money . 
  this is n't ofcourse this simple , but it 's basicly it . 
  does n't that apply to all the drugs ? 
  small amounts of cannabis are n't tolerated in estonia . 
  i agree with this , we just do n't want the immigration . 
  not only gypsies . 
  i 'd just like to say a few words about romania , if you 'll hear me . 
  romania has been getting a bad wrap for a very long time and there are like a 100 + countries that are considered perpetually `` shit '' . 
  you do n't expect much from those countries because they 've always been `` shit '' and they will probably always stay `` shit '' .
