  it 's not the same though , all of those 236 386 men ( and a few women in there too ) have finished military service . 
  with a new parliament , comes a new government . 
  less than latvia and lithuania ? 
  you did not present those numbers , and my point was that due to our small size and relevance to russia we should draw much less attention than finland for example . 
  yes and estonia is n't that relevant to russia , but we get a ton of attention in russian media . 
  no and we 're not punishing anyone . 
  yeah and these numbers still show that estonia is clearly over represented in russian media , relative to our size and relevance to russia . 
  so no , `` not barely even mentioned '' . 
  you got it backwards . 
  [ 8170 results , is that barely even mentioned ? 
  ] ( http://rg.ru/search/?searchid=2045062&amp;text=%d0%ad%d1%81%d1%82%d0%be%d0%bd%d0%b8%d1%8f&amp;web=0 ) [ finland 32 results . 
  ] ( http://rg.ru/search/?searchid=2045062&amp;text=%d0%a4%d0%b8%d0%bd%d0%bb%d1%8f%d0%bd%d0%b4%d0%b8%d1%8f&amp;web=0 ) are you joking ? 
  conscription , if we mobilize that would be the size of our army . 
  active peace-time personnel is obviously a lot smaller . 
  yes , it 's terrible here , that 's why almost nobody leaves from estonia to russia every year and about a 1000 russians immigrate to estonia every year . 
  there 's nothing to justify , there has never been any discrimination in estonia apart towards estonians during the occupation . 
  no matter how much propaganda russia and people like you push , the facts will remain facts and realities will stay realities . 
  estonia and estonian people have nothing to answer for , russia on the other hand ... 
   passports of non-citizens . 
  you know , like jews a golden star . 
  yes , exactly like that , after which we put them all in camps . 
  i think i 'm done here , you 're obviously a troll . 
  the attention estonia gets in russian media is disproportionate to our size and relevance to russia . 
   the same discrimination as it was in estonia in the 90 's . 
  the same story with no passports for ethnic russians . 
  but with wider extent . 
  calling it discrimination is disingenuous and they got passports , but not citizenship . 
   + prosecution of soviet war veterans , while glorifying latvian legion ss . 
  they even have official march for nazi veterans and supporters on march 16 . 
  you mean prosecution of soviet war criminals ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  they 're not celebrating the nazis , they 're celebrating people who fought for latvian freedom against soviet union . 
  there are no nazi salutes , or swastikas or anything present , it 's a lie spinned by russian propaganda . 
   that would make many people 's blood boil in russia . 
  then there is a snowballing effect too . 
  the vicious cycle of hatred keeps on turning . 
  well , russian people should have other things to worry about , but the propaganda never stops . . 
  estonians are n't balts , lithuanians and latvians are balts , estonians are finnic . 
  why do they dislike latvia ? 
  we do n't really hate russia , we might not like them , but no actions we 've taken or statements we 've made would lead anyone to believe we hate russia . 
  i highly doubt they really care about that , since getting an estonian citizenship will make russia demand a visa from you for visiting . 
  they clearly make a disincentive to getting an estonian citizenship and then whine about everyone not having citizenship . 
  questionnaire to r/europe , none of the countries you can choose are in europe . 
  answered anyway , good luck . 
  if you do n't want to equalize anything , why bring it up in the first place ? 
  it 's a completely ridiculous comparison . 
  i guess you 're right , but while those moves were completely ridiculous , you could still see the agenda behind it , messing with estonia would just be insanity . 
  almost nothing to gain and everything to lose . 
  russians can vote , non-citizens ca n't vote on the general elections , but can vote on local elections . 
  we actually have a really reasonable system going on here , but russia takes every opportunity they can to twist things and make russia and russians look like the victims . 
  this is all fascinating stuff , thank you for this . 
  what right , though ? 
  i will never follow that logic . 
  it feels more like them being salty we 're doing so well without them . 
  it 's pointless as well , since we 're in nato and eu , + we have an army of 236 386 men who will fight to the last man , because everybody knows due to our history that surrender is n't even on the table . 
  so even without nato , it would be a massive effort for a small piece of land . 
  well that 's crazy though , nobody here wants this , even the majority of russians living here would be strongly against it , so why would they want that ? 
   why it passed . 
  fidesz ( orban 's party ) and its allies had a 2/3 majority in the parliament since the march 2010 legislative elections , which , according to hungarian law at the time , was enough to write a new constitution . 
  is n't that peculiar ? 
  i know in estonia you need to put it to a referendum or get 3/5 ** of two consecutive governments ** to vote for it . 
  so people can just elect people who are against it for the next government if they 're unhappy . 
  also , i looked at hungary 's last election results and orban lost quite a lot of support , do you think this will continue or do you expect them to stay in power after the 2018 elections as well ? 
  i know this is difficult to say , but just interested in your opinion . 
  since you 're voting for the first time , i expect you recently turned 18 ? 
  sorry if i 'm wrong . 
  i wanted to ask what the general mentality is in your age group ? 
  do most people vote ? 
  who are popular and why ? 
  i do n't even know why russia has such a problem with estonia , we 're pretty chill . 
  the focus a small country of 1,3 million people gets from russia is bizarre . 
  as a person who does n't know a whole lot about hungary , what did the 2011/2012 constitution entail , why did it pass , why is hungary said to be going towards a dictatorship ? 
  we can buy drones from isreal or the us , we need them anyway for defense purposes , if we 're ever drawn into a conflict and this would be a great way to train pilots etc. 
  is there any reason to believe egypt will not let us tow back a boat that came from their shores ? 
  the fuck ? 
  how have i been racist ? 
  edit : oh never mind i asked , you just go around accusing random people of that all the time , also a member of / r/gamerghazi , oh well . 
  put drones in the air patrolling the coastlines and tow it back to where it came from . 
  tow . 
  there are idiots on both sides , and then there 's russian propaganda that tries to turn russians living here against us , but there 's no ethnic violence or discrimination really . 
  in tallinn ethnic russians who speak estonian * often have an easier time getting a job , since they speak russian . 
  there are no real tensions , everybody just goes about their day . 
  if the trip is pointless , as in everybody gets sent back , the boats would eventually stop , since it 's a fruitless effort and people would n't have to die risking their life on the mediterranean . 
  not at all , truthfully . 
  we get along fine . 
  : ( , well yeah , what can you do , we 're so far away from central-europe and have land borders only to latvia and russia . 
  we have railways to st. petersburg and moscow though , but we have n't had much of a reason to build a railway to latvia so far . 
  this will all change soon though , we 're already building rail baltica , which will connect estonia to berlin and everywhere else . 
  hopefully one day we will build a rail tunnel to finland as well !, 
  because the more you help them , the more will try the trip and the more will eventually die , because there are n't enough vessels to save them all . 
  if we do n't want people to drown , we should stop giving people the incentive to risk their life . 
  it 's that simple . 
  russians because of history , but we actually get along fine though with the russians living here . 
  to be fair there are n't exactly many companies looking for physicists . 
  so what am i supposed to see there ? 
  can you make rational arguments instead of giving me this bull ? 
  i read the first 3-4 paragraphs and there was n't anything relevant there , why would i keep on reading ? 
  give me a source that 's on point . 
  his words about his personal experience are backed by the organization ? 
  great !,
