  generally nice blokes . 
  you studying it in estonia ? 
  to be fair , it was one former politician who said that . 
  it 's really really biased though . 
  finland is by far one of the best economies in the world still , you just did n't have a lot of growth in the first quarter . 
  okay , thanks for this . 
  til . 
   actually , the stronger we make efforts to not treat them like shit , the quicker their fecundity rate will go down ... i do n't know if this is true , however good you treat the immigrants , the muslim majority will still have a lot higher birthrate , because of their family dynamic . 
   in i-v there 's no opportunities to properly learn estonian i think you 've gotten something very backwards , there 's nothing estonians and estonian government would like more is to teach russians who live here the estonian language . 
  the push back come from the russian communities themselves , who are against more estonian language in russian schools , who refuse to put their kids into estonian schools . 
   but everyone is forced to use it as a working language what do you mean by this ? 
  in the public sector ? 
  of course , it 's estonia after all , but in local governments where the majority of residents speak another language , they are allowed to conduct in their language . 
  in the private sector , the government ca n't force you to be able to speak estonian . 
  any chance you could look it up ? 
  i 'd be rather interested , but it 's probably easier to search for in french . 
  it was pretty normal here just ~ 150 years ago . 
   it feels like it could be declining in many western countries , as more and more couples are requiring fertility treatments could it be that people are having children in an older age than they used to ? 
  some of it is definitely fertility rates declining too , since modern medicine is giving couples who have very low fertility an ability to still procreate and they pass on these problems to their children . 
  ( not always but at a much higher rate than people without fertility issues ), 
  is n't part of the reason why france has a higher fertility rate because of a lot of third world immigration and them having very high fertility rates ? 
  probably not , if there 's still decent education around . 
  if we want to incentivize people to have children here , we have to provide more economic support for people having children . 
  in 50 years , the amount of jobs relative to the population will also take a nosedive , since much much more work will be automated . 
  so i would n't worry about that so much . 
  are they going to do it after they 're done ? 
   the rally was organized by the center for political beauty ; a group , which says it wants to `` re-transform europe into a continent of immigration . '' kek , i do n't understand though , that why do protesters so often have to destroy or deface things ? 
  is it really so difficult to be civil with your protest and not hurt public or private property ? 
  bruv , if we did n't produce most of our electricity and would n't have water reserves in ida-virumaa , most people would probably agree to give it to russia . 
  crime , drug addicts , unemployment , welfare recipients etc would take a nosedive . 
  but i guess no country can have it all . . ( except you rich fucks !, 
  yeah , when i started learning english , `` this '' seemed impossible to pronounce . 
   still a tragedy ? 
  it is a tragedy . 
  not still but just is . 
  yes , i said `` still a great tragedy '' to predict idiots like you misinterpreting what i said , but i guess even that is n't enough for some people . 
  nowhere did i imply that these people are lucky or did i diminish their suffering . 
  i just made an observation that ridiculously deadly things like plowing through a crowd of people at 100-150 km/h one would expect much more casualties , but this usually is n't the case . 
  what is brainless about my comment ? 
  where did i say it was good ? 
  yes , of course , but it 's probably going to stay in that ballpark , maybe a few more . 
  i think it 's pretty amazing how sturdy people actually are and of course how good our medical care is , 100km/h plowing through a mass of people and only 2 dead . 
  you 'd expect dozens dead , but it 's only two . 
  still a great tragedy , hope it 's not politically/religiously motivated , but just some loon . 
  i dislike that they take the most controversial guy to quote on the side of the countries who oppose the quota , there are many perfectly normal leaders they could 've quoted instead . 
  it 's the same as taking some rad fem from sweden on the quota side , saying we should actually completely open the borders and also down with the patriarchy . 
  english . 
  probably would n't be too popular in estonia , since our education is better than any european country except finland , we beat them at math , but at science and reading they 're better . 
   do you speak out against people who are clearly racist or is racism not entirely against your western values ? 
  i do , i 've done so in / r/european before it got this bad and in the estonian subreddit / r/eesti . 
  i am honest , i can accept people holding different beliefs or looking different from me . 
  i see no reason why i or anyone else should be against that . 
  some people are , and i think those people are idiots . 
  it 's when people believe and also act on principles that are entirely against our western values is when i feel the need to speak out against said people . 
  he was n't a member of any party during his crime , so it really does n't compare * . 
  you can try again though . 
  also , i reject the term islamophobia . 
  while i can agree that most muslims are peaceful and nice people who should n't be discriminated against , it 's perfectly acceptable to reject people who believe apostasy and being gay should be punishable by death or who believe muhammed raping a 9 year old girl is perfectly okay . 
  these kinds of beliefs have no place in modern europe . 
  okay , here we have it again . 
  no actual need to discuss things , just imply i 'm a dirty racist out of nowhere and be done with it . 
  people like you have no shame . 
   you 're against them , not against their opinions . 
  this is where most people like you fail at . 
  in reality the vast majority of people who are against immigration do n't give a single s ** t about a persons skin color or ethnicity , it really is about opinions , beliefs and culture . 
  yes there are racists , and yes , they 're fucking idiots , but the actual amount of racist is really small , but the number of people who reject mass immigration is very high . 
  still lost here , what extremist ideology do our `` so-called-nationalist parties '' condone ? 
  who are these nationalist parties ? 
  and why is it a comparable situation ? 
  how many of these `` so-called-nationalist parties '' have committed mass murder ? 
  that 's funny , since generally , these `` immigrants '' are against `` gay marriage , atheism , legalization of marijuana and root for space exploration '' . 
  so how is it a stretch being against them ? 
  the entire idea behind refugees are that they 're fleeing death . 
  if they believe their family is safe to stay behind for another year or two , then they 're obviously not fleeing death . 
  except everything you 've said is completely incorrect . 
  people who have been granted asylum mostly get free housing , food and allowance . 
  honestly , most people are cheering you on at that idea . 
  what are you getting at ? 
  they probably have to get more than 50 % to actually get any power , right ? 
  since the other parties wo n't work with them . 
  can any swedish person tell me how much time would it take for a random refugee or immigrant from arriving to sweden to get the right to vote on average ? 
  they have to get citizenship first , right ? 
  how hard is it ? 
  how many of them do get it ? 
  holy , those odds 1/4 and 2/9 they do n't leave . 
  i think i might take those odds , i can quadruple my money if greece stays in the eurozone . 
  too bad that i would have to wait till 2016 , if i 'm right . 
  there are 900 000 estonians in estonia , not many abroad either . 
  we do n't have much room for error , if we wish to continue existing , which i do n't think is an unreasonable wish . 
  so of course we are vary of any developments , that might have a negative influence on our continued survival . 
   what 's the worst that you can see happening if you make an `` error '' and let a few thousand refugees stay in estonia ? 
  there will be a little more crime and tension for a few decades , that 's it . 
  if it only was so simple . 
  i would n't be against accepting some refugees if it 's in controlled numbers , and an amount we can manage , with economic help from the eu . 
  at the moment , it does n't seem to be so . 
  you 're a classic case of cognitive dissonance , when i present you with data , that explicitly proves that your ideas do n't work , you just hold on to them even stronger . 
   everything can be made to work , given enough time and concentrated effort . 
  the important question is what exactly do we want to make work , and that 's where our opinions differ . 
  i 'm sorry if we do n't want to test this on ourselves . 
  we are running out of room for error .
