  and that 's enforced how ? 
   norway , which has a slightly lower population than slovakia , will be taking in 8000 over three years and whose fault is that ? 
  `` i 'm shooting myself in the foot , so they should too ! '', 
  there have been multiple studies on this already and the worst case scenarios predicted their gdp to decrease only a few percent . 
  i seriously doubt that , at least around these parts people are only getting more skeptical about accepting refugees . 
  so slovakia will just respond with `` okay , you 'll get your wish , we 'll take nobody with the quota system . '', 
  and they 're in no way bound to do so . 
  it 's pretty hypocritical the way many on / r/europe complain about how us has so many people in prison and such thought sentences where there should n't be , but then say that europe does n't have though enough sentences when some sort of tragedy happens . 
  i do n't think they should be locked up for the rest of their life if it happened by accident , our legal system has never been about punishment , but rehabilitation . 
  if it was done by accident , i do n't see how these people would be beyond rehabilitation . 
  well just show me the statistics you already ordered , since you 're making the claims . 
  yeah , i 'm curious what they 're blaming you for . 
  it 's hard to violate anything here , since there 's almost nobody asking for asylum here . 
  ( lucky us ) . 
  he was obviously being facetious . 
  source please , on the statement that estonians are troublemakers in sweden . 
  yeah , i did n't bother opening all the links , but if you go on -  [ here ] ( https://www.google.ee/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=european%20opinion%20poll%20on%20immigration )  http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/majority-germans-reject-immigration-outside-eu-312282 etc. 
  it still appears that most opinion polls have the people who want to decrease immigration in the majority or it 's about 50-50 . 
  sorry i do n't spam as many threads as you with ridiculous statements , that you 'd recognize me . 
  i 've done it like a million times , just google `` european opinion poll on immigration '' :  http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/uk-public-opinion-toward-immigration-overall-attitudes-and-level-concern  http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/chapter-3-most-support-limiting-immigration/  http://trends.gmfus.org/files/2014/09/trends_immigration_2014_web.pdf  http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefingpaper/document/249 literally the first 4 results of the google search , and there are tons more . 
  i 'm not even surprised , it 's the estonian way . 
  if we 're gon na do something , at least we 'll do it well . 
  if atat\u00fcrk was still alive and leading turkey , you 'd be in in a few years . 
  the majority of the opinion polls show that the majority of europeans are unhappy with the amount of immigrants their respective countries are receiving . 
  ( too many ), 
  of course not , i do n't see anyone saying or upvoting posts saying `` good job , well done ! '' . 
  yet , events like these do n't change the majority view that current immigration policies have been a failure . 
  i think you 're required to process them if they claim asylum or w/e else when caught . 
  until now they 're mostly releasing them for the time it takes to process and most disappear in that time , not to be heard from again . 
  this at least ensures that they can be deported if their asylum claims are n't successful . 
  `` omg , people are upvoting the wrong opinions ( ones i disagree with ) that can only mean it 's being brigaded by evil nazis , because everyone should agree with me ! '', 
  i 've been thinking you 're a joke for a while , but this statement pretty much seals it . 
  burning down an unoccupied building is worse than executing almost the entire staff of a publication . 
  the left wing mental gymnastics never cease to amaze . 
  language , culture , numbers , history etc. 
  i doubt many people would want to be independent `` just because '' , scotland voted no . 
  many others are content with their position . 
  but if it 's something people want and it 's reasonable , i think it 's important to respect that . 
  you could say that in later years , some soviet republics were n't particularly oppressed as well in some ways , but they still wanted to get out of that shitty system . 
  yeah , i see that now , i meant when russia is invading . 
  funny you would ask , i just spent hours reading up about catalonia and their independence movement yesterday . 
  i fully support it , since i believe every ethnic group of people deserve to have their own country and sovereignty . 
  i see it as a fundamental right . 
  this does n't extend to people who already have their own countries , like some russians in donbass . 
  would those air defense systems work when they 're invading to such a degree that they would n't even see any tanks ? 
  that 's sad to hear . 
  haapsalu , hiiumaa , saaremaa , p\u00e4rnu , viljandi , tartu are all very beautiful places worth checking out !, 
  i focused on my city , if i were to talk about estonia as a whole , i would never stop . 
  i love my country , sue me !, 
  i love it because it 's a really beautiful city . 
  i love it because it 's just on the border that it is n't too big , but it is n't too small either that it would lack anything you 'd expect to find in a city like entertainment or job opportunities etc. 
  ( 100 000 people ) . 
  i love it because it 's our university town , so young people all over estonia come to study here , also people come because there are a few very good high schools as well . 
  so the population seems rather young and vibrant . 
  i love it because i like my fellow estonians who live here . 
  i love it because i was born and raised here . 
  i love it because it 's a very safe city , 2014 there was only 2 murders and 18 robberies in the entire county . 
  i love it for many reasons more i ca n't recall from the top of my head , i feel lucky to be here and i hope i will grow old here . 
  yeah , just saying that you 're doing well too . 
  we might be ahead in some regards , but we 're pretty close overall . 
  alright , it does seem bizarre that he would speak polish if he knew how to speak in english , since our president spoke in english just before him . 
  well your gdp ppp per capita is $ 200 higher , according to 2015 estimates . 
  i have been there twice and the city seemed really nice . 
  ( rhyme not intended ) although i must add that i have n't really visited many non-capitals and i 'm not a big fan of very big cities . 
  i have visited many european countries but always only the capitals , except tampere . 
  that 's a bit bizarre , did n't that come up during the elections ? 
  really ? 
  we have such laws as well , but police never check cyclists . 
  which in my opinion is good , it 's really dumb not being able to ride a bicycle when drunk , it 's one of the only reasons i ever ride my bike anymore , so i can get home when i have been drinking . 
  of course they should , but us has been much more open about their shortcomings than russia ever has and i do n't even know why bring them into this . 
  i do n't share your prediction . 
  federation eu is a dream some people have , but it 's very far from reality , it would have to trigger referendums in every member country and i 'm more than sure most would vote against it . 
  how about russia apologizes for the crimes committed against the baltic states first ? 
  how about russia returns our officer of the estonian internal security service kidnapped from our soil ? 
  how about russia returns us our first president 's presidential decoration collar , that 's locked in a vault somewhere and russia just refuses to give us back an important relic of ours ? 
  how about russia stops violating our airspace ? 
  that 's a really nice picture . 
  i 'm obviously talking about the norwegian . . 
  honestly , almost nothing . 
  been checking newspapers whole week and all there is , is a few car crashes and torching diseased pigs . 
  seems to be added by the uploader , no idea , just ignore it . 
  could n't you gather a lot of signatures and trigger a referendum on it ? 
  imo it 's the best thing since sliced bread . 
  you can stream tv shows and movies and also have subtitles , something i have n't seen possible anywhere else . 
  of course we should assist turkey and all other countries that are accepting migrants around libya , syria and iraq . 
  with the money we would spend on those 400 migrants in eu we could help more than 4000 there . 
  this is in my opinion one of the major shortcomings of our current policies , since were we to accept less migrants , we 'd have so much money left over to help much much more refugees around the conflict zones . 
  where often the most vulnerable refugees are - the women , children and the elderly . 
  people who you see on the boats much more rarely . 
  kinda reminds me of a certain austrian . 
  good thing he was found out before he could do anything . 
  ( freedom !, 
  freedom !, 
  freedom !, 
  freedom ! ), 
  this video really brings out strong emotions in most estonians . 
  we are a baltic country , nobody here is triggered by that !, 
  it 's definitely possible , look into more countries . 
  skilled immigration in controlled numbers is great . 
  we have : / .
