  tartu university is in the top 3 % of the universities in the world . 
  we have all the latest tech , we do n't have as many per capita , but we manage . 
  we 're not that poor anymore , we 've successfully curbed smoking and pollution . 
  alcohol is still a big issue , i 'm a rather big drinker myself , although this is a cultural thing i guess , since finns are rather big drinkers aswell . 
  it 's a problem we need to work with and spread more awerness on . 
  so i 'd say things are pretty good now , it will just take a while for it to reflect in life expectancy . 
  the real reason is poverty and everything else comes from there and the poverty is caused by the ussr occupation . 
  if you only mention drinking and smoking , but not why it is more prevalent , it gives the wrong impression about the eastern.european people . 
  although estonia for example , is n't that poor anymore , we still have a lot of catching up to do , but we 're getting there pretty fast , but life expectancy will take a long while to catch up , since the people dying of old age now we 're still born deep into the occupation . 
  yes , but your initial comment makes it seem like the low life expectancy ( compared to the rest of europe ) is because all eastern-europeans are drunkards , which is clearly not the case . 
  also i would n't say estonia has substandard healthcare . 
  good job guys , estonians are proud of you and we want to follow suit as soon as possible . 
  although i think natural gas is n't that important in estonia , since we have these enormous oil shale reserves , i could be wrong , though . 
  it 's because estonian is n't baltic at all , they 're completely different . 
  finnish and estonian would be a lot closer . 
  poverty , because of the soviet occupation . 
  although a lot of the former soviet countries are showing fast economic growth , it still takes a while for it to show in life expectancy , since majority of the people were born during or immediately after the ussr . 
  it will take another ~ 20 years for the life expectancy to get a lot better and probably another ~ 20-30 for it to match the highest in europe . 
  provided that there are n't any crazy advancement in medicine during that time , but there probably will , so it 's hard to say . 
  what the fuck ? 
  the reason eastern europe has a lower life expectency is because of the poverty ussr left us with . 
  blaming us is borderline retarded . 
  especially if you see how fast the economies are growing since the fall of the soviet union , but there 's still a lot of catching up to do . 
  with the little exception that eastern-europe is in this place because of the violent ussr occupation , not because of the choices we 've made . 
   the ottoman empire ruled greece for over 300 years . 
  just because an occupation lasted a long time does n't make it legitimate . 
  you do understand that if the taxes did n't work like that , that all countries would quickly go bankrupt ? 
   separatists say they kill up to 30 soldiers a day . 
  do you really believe this is anywhere close to the truth ? 
  yeah , but what most people forget about is that individual income tax only accounts for a small part of the entire budget , so you probably would n't get 5 cents , but something like 0,5 cents . 
  how do they decide this ? 
  it 's weird that there does n't seem to be much of a connection with the wealthiness of a country . 
  a lot of rich countries are benefiting while a lot of poorer ones are n't . 
  how many downvotes does it take before it 's below invisibility ? 
  / r/europe has currently 328 people viewing the subreddit . 
  just a handful of them downvoting him is n't really such a stretch . 
  if an `` automatic bot '' is linked to his account , his other posts would be downvoted too , if you look at his profile , this is clearly not the case . 
  he got downvoted because he 's an idiot , not because of any bot . 
  this is all fine and dandy , but in no way does it prove or show that women are generally as interested in politics as men . 
  this just shows the gender of people elected into office , unless your suggesting women only vote for women and men only vote for men . 
  would you also say that women are generally as interested in these topics as men ? 
  interested ? 
  yes . 
  as interested ? 
  probably no . 
  bestonia approves . 
  why do we even compare homicide rates ? 
  to show how safe the country is for the general population and for tourists . 
  drunkards stabing eachother behind closed doors does n't really count for the general population . 
  the point is there is no real difference for you in finland and me in estonia , the chances of anything happening to us is almost non-existant . 
   [ this 2014 article says it 's only 44 000 ] ( http://news.err.ee/v/society/c1c341be-ad69-4446-a729-b2f5f21b5a9a ) not that many . 
  actually while estonian population has been in decline for a while , the number of ethnic estonians being born is bigger than the number dying . 
  it 's mostly russians we 're losing . 
  wait , why do you take 2012 in finland and 2011 in estonia ? 
  2013 there were only 50 homicides in estonia . 
  also we have narva which is ~ 98 % russian that elevates the statistic , but represents only a very small part of estonia . 
  if we 'd remove the russian drunkards who get completely wasted and stab eachother in apartments over arguments , the statistic would be very low . 
   on a note of `` neighbors liking you '' how much did estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , romania liked russia before ukrainian crisis ? 
  russia did not grabbed any land for 23 + years or so , so how did the relationship was going before ? 
  honestly , all those countries want to get a long with russia , they even make an effort to , but russia keeps doing retarded shit that reminds us all what we 're actually dealing with . 
  also russia has been far more hostile towards those countries than those countries have been towards russia . 
  everybody knows there are no girls online !, 
  like you do n't have everything else already : ' ( . 
  well , if you trust pisa , estonian math books should be even better . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pisa_2012, 
   everyone is able to learn a foreign language , but the language courses need to be accessible and well designed . 
  does n't mean everyone wants to learn a foreign language . 
  we have over a hundred thousand russians in estonia , most were born here , who just refuse to learn estonian , although there are free language courses available . 
   that is good , because we are a society that has less than 2 children per woman . 
  this is a separate problem , which should be fixed by other means , like giving women more incentive to have children . 
  the biggest problem currently is that although women have equal job opportunities , being absent from work for a year or longer is often very difficult and can diminish career opportunities . 
  also choosing immigrants over trying to get our birthrates up is admitting defeat , that we are bound to die out and we will eventually be replaced by immigrants outside europe . 
  this is a very bleak future indeed . 
  wikipedia is a rather unbiased source of information , give me an example of an article on a site with questionable integrity from that list ? 
  are you saying that the number of crimes commited by immigrants ouside of europe is the same to locals or negligible at worst ? 
  if my sources do n't satisfy your needs , care to provide any of your own that would state the opposite ? 
   still , the asyl-seekers that go back after enjoying a good education will be grateful to europe , and they will be very helpful in the countries they 'll go back to . 
  how many really do ? 
  i do n't think there are that many that will go back . 
  also the first generation asylum seekers probably are n't getting much education here , because they do n't speak any or speak little of the local language here and their previous education does n't give them the foundation to be able to survive school here . 
  some of their children do , but i think second/third generation immigrants are even less likely to return . 
   it is more or less a picnic today , so why not help other peoples to not make the same mistakes ? 
  it seems more of a give a man a fish tactic , rather than teaching a man to fish tactic . 
  i think everyone would be better off if we tried to help with the problems they 're leaving for , rather than let them leave . 
  i do n't see much positive for the country of emigration in their people leaving , especially when it 's often people leaving who are atleast a bit better off since they can afford to leave . 
  much worse when it 's people leaving who that struggling country put through school or even university , is n't that directly making the country even poorer ? 
  you spend a lot of money on giving a person an education , then rather putting it to use and giving back to the country through tax , you leave and from the country 's point of view , they just wasted a bunch of money on nothing . 
   that wikipedia link is n't offering any solid backing to your claims . 
  what ? 
   according to the figures from danmarks statistik , crime rate among refugees and their descendants is 73 % higher than for the male population average , even when taking into account their socioeconomic background . 
   according to official statistics , 21.0 % of rapes have been committed by foreigners in finland . 
  foreigners comprise 2.2 % of the population . 
   a 2006 study found that the share of immigrants has a positive and significant impact on the crime rate , confirming that a larger share of immigrants is associated with a higher crime rate . 
  the data implies that this may be caused by the higher unemployment , and thus worse socioeconomic conditions among immigrants . 
  however , unemployed persons born in france are still far less likely to commit crimes than unemployed recent immigrants . 
   immigrants in germany are overrepresented in crime statistics . 
  in berlin , young male immigrants are three times more likely to commit violent crimes than their german peers . 
  [ 12 ] the crime rate of immigrants is at first glimpse about 5 times higher than that for germans ( 4,9 : 1 ) . 
  a differentiated analysis of the bavarian police ( landeskriminalamt ) shows that the relation of 4.9 : 1 drops to 2.7 : 1 if only the registered population of foreigners is taken into account . 
  it further drops to 2.4 : 1 if offences that can not be committed by germans are taken off .
