  well of course they 'll believe that if that 's what the msm has been parroting for more than a year now . 
  oh , so littering the place to shit was part of the protest ? 
  that makes it fine then !, 
  can we stay at the speed where we can stay in the trade union , and not give away our national sovereignty ? 
  i 'd like that speed please . 
  are you telling me you do n't have to litter the whole place to shit when protesting ? 
   there are tons and tons of sources to prove that claim by now . 
  as i said ; the fact assange appears on rt , a channel that is if not propaganda , at least 100 % controlled by the kremlin , should say something . 
  proves absolutely nothing , do you have any proof that any other channel has asked assange to be on and he refused ? 
   http://www.vox.com/world/2017/1/6/14179240/wikileaks-russia-ties so you 're bashing rt ( which i am no fan of ) but then present vox as a credible source ? 
  let me laugh . 
  which itself states :  these incidents do n't prove , as some have alleged , that assange is some kind of paid russian agent , or that wikileaks is a russian front organization . 
   wikileaks by now has pretty much all but proven to be nothing more than a tool for putin to play his geopolitical games . 
  proven how ? 
  what motivation would assange have to be loyal to russia ? 
  the answer is obviously none whatsoever , baseless and empty accusations with no proof . 
  is there even a single gay christian in estonia ? 
  yeah , the same as you 'd do with people who are n't your friends and were not born to a member of your family with your home . 
  you 're not restricting people based off race though , you 're restricting people of different nationality from entering your country , same way as you 'd restrict people who are n't your family or friends from entering your home . 
  you could take the exact same pictures in north korea today , does n't mean it 's a great place to live in . 
  it honestly depends on the law of the countries involved and how they do their statistics , these numbers are n't original research but taken from what the respective countries report and turkey will report babies born to syrian refugees in turkey as `` foreign born '' . 
   what do i care what future generations look like ? 
  kinda sad though if we lose all diversity . 
   their achievments their goals , morals , believes are much more important . 
  sure , but we 're very well aware that the goals , morals and beliefs of most of the 3rd world immigrants coming to germany are n't aligned with what the western world sees moral and just . 
  genetics say a lot about pretty much everything , the most obvious being how you look . 
  that 's the thing , if your people are n't having enough children , you need to focus on fixing that , not replace your population with people who have 15 children because the women are oppressed and brainwashed to do that . 
  somehow i do n't think you 'd be singing this tune if we 'd be talking about rwandan population getting replaced by ethnic germans . 
  it 's not about ethnic germans being better or worse than anyone else , it 's about ethnic germans existing as a nation and a people . 
  `` yay , germany 's population is getting replaced by immigrants from 3rd world countries , how great is that ? '', 
  how does greece fail at being a country this bad ? 
  maps with this outdated info should n't be allowed . 
  he is not . 
  it was definitely something that was quite regularly on the news and the public opinion seemed to drift towards a volunteer army as well , just months before the ukrainian conflict happened , at least that 's how i remember it . 
  can ? 
  i think if the ukrainian conflict would 've happened some 5 years later , estonia might have gotten rid of conscription as well , but now it 's almost certain we would n't even consider it for another 15-20 years at least . 
  not being able to take a boat to europe does n't mean they ca n't ask for asylum anywhere else , where you do n't have to travel by boat . 
  the people who are to blame for this are the eu politicians who reward migrants doing this . 
  if all migrants coming by boats would be refused , most of those deaths would not have happened . 
  you would rather you stayed after the people chose to leave or you mean in general ? 
   this is incorrect , you ca n't bring ** any meaningful amounts ** of booze from russia into the eu , so no , nobody goes to russia for alcohol , except for some criminals who are smuggling it . 
  you are n't going to drive from riga to belarus/russia to fetch a litre of vodka . 
  this is incorrect , you ca n't bring any meaningful amounts of booze from russia into the eu , so no , nobody goes to russia for alcohol , except for some criminals who are smuggling it . 
   the only lie i see is yours : you flat out claimed that the state of estonia collaborated with the nazis in exterminating jews , which is a complete lie . 
  a very fucking disgusting lie at that . 
   a `` bliss '' of some fucking 300 ' 000 human lives . 
  but , sure , go on with your childish ignorance . 
  like i said , i 'm not absolutely sure about latvia and lithuania , i extrapolated the estonian situation to them , but for estonia it was much better than the soviet occupation . 
   so , first , how the fuck this is connected to the subject ? 
  and , second , this meme as you call it , is exactly why you were labeled as a nazi above . 
  are you retarded ? 
  i call what hitler did despicable and that makes me a nazi ? 
  reading comprehension ? 
  do you have it ? 
   not everyone , who disagrees with you , is on putin 's payroll . 
  i despise kremlin quite much , too . 
  however , i despise racists even more . 
  you said an obvious lie , that baltic states participated in murdering jews . 
  estonia did not participate , there is no evidence estonian state in any shape or form helped with that . 
  lies like this should be an instant ban from reddit . 
   how on earth stalin is connected to this ? 
  typical whataboutism when nothing left to say ? 
  do you have reading comprehension issues ? 
  the entire point i was making from the beginning is that soviet union and stalin is seen as the real evil here , leaving hitler as more of a meme . 
   as per your opponent 's comment , it 's enough to take a look at wwii pages - the baltic states indeed participated quite well murdering their jews . 
  estonia did n't participate in murdering any jews . 
  keep your disgusting russian propaganda to yourself . 
  so yes , cut the bullshit . 
  typical victim of the russian propaganda machine , lead to believe stalin and communism did nothing wrong . 
   this is true for estonia only , because of that aryan status and having only 1000 jews left by the time nazis moved in . 
  in latvia and lithuania , hitler 's body count was substantially higher than stalin 's . 
  i admit i could be wrong about latvia and lithuania , i 'm not so sure about the exact stuff that went on there . 
   modern perceptions can be different but numbers are numbers . 
  hitler could look as a `` nicer '' guy only if you ignore tens to hundreds of thousands of murdered baltic jews . 
  for estonia , you do n't have to ignore the jews , the total body counts were higher with or without jews . 
  for latvia and lithuania , i think the average person would be more mad if a murderer kills their brother , over a murderer killing their neighbor . 
  obviously the stuff hitler did was despicable , but it 's also obvious that a person will care about a murderer who 's targeting them more than about a murderer who is targeting someone else . 
  because money has very little to do with education quality . 
  culture probably plays a large part , where being educated and studying is n't seen as something nerds do , but in my experience at least , the cool kids have always been the ones with the best results . 
  honestly it 's hard to tell , i 'd get the discrepancy between estonia and western-europe , because the curriculum is probably rather different , but what i do n't get is the discrepancy between estonia and latvia/lithuania , we all came off of a pretty similar soviet system , but somehow we 're far far ahead and have been for the entire independence period . 
  maybe it is in the genes . . 
  estonia actually had a higher total than finland though . 
  sure . 
  see , estonia , latvia and lithuania do n't really give much of a shit about hitler or nazi germany , because to us the real evil was the soviet union and stalin . 
  nazi occupation here was a bliss compared to the soviet union 's occupation . 
  so while everyone recognizes that hitler was a bad guy , he 's pretty much a meme here , nobody is personally offended by him . 
  estonia ? 
  when ? 
  `` expert x says '' and `` experts say '' ( without specifying who ) are very different , if there 's a certain expert saying , i can look at their credentials and decide if what they are saying sounds credible considering their background . 
  but if it 's `` experts saying '' without specifying who , i 'll just have to take the article authors word for it ? 
  no dice . 
  also brexit was a good decision . 
  i 'm really fucking tired of the `` sparks outrage '' , `` people are saying . . '' , `` experts say . . '' . 
  who is outraged ? 
  what people ? 
  what experts ? 
  why should we care what those people say ? 
  it 's just a bullshit tactic for the author of the article to push their agenda , you could poll the public of britain right now and some 90 % + would say the skit was hilarious . 
  weasel words , that 's all it is . 
  iirc did n't sweden bus refugees into finland ?
