  those aircraft can also pretty much do a few runs in the baltics and return to germany for example to refuel and reload and come back . 
  we are building modern airfields in the baltics for refueling purposes . 
  well , war with russia is very unlikely , but if they did attack the baltics , they 'd probably do it by conventional means , not nuclear and i doubt any nato member with nuclear bombs would fire their nuclear bombs before russia . 
  you 're in nato as are the baltics , so you most likely will . 
  why not ? 
  i 'm no military pilot , but i 'd imagine that every country with fighter aircraft have pilots close by and ready to go day and night for every single one . 
  also true . 
  [ eu members have over 2000 combat aircraft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union ) , some are n't in nato , so they might not send theirs , but [ turkey is and they have almost 300 more ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_aircraft_of_the_turkish_air_force ) . 
  [ the straight distance from the middle of france to the middle of latvia is about 1850 km ] ( http://www.daftlogic.com/projects-google-maps-distance-calculator.htm ) . 
  most fighters have a top speed of over 2000km/h . 
  so if anything , my estimation was rather conservative , as they probably would get here even sooner and in bigger numbers . 
  it takes less than two hours until over a thousand fighters would reach the baltics from all over europe , so it does n't really matter anyway . 
  yes , but that 's wrong . 
  refuge is about a temporary safe place , not improving your economical prospects . 
   i think that somebody who fleed from hunger/a dictatorship ect just want to live in a ppeaceful place where he has a chance of getting a job ect ... 
  they woud lie to be able to live in developped country . 
  sure , but there are religious developed countries as well , where i think they 'd be more comfortable in . 
   i do n't know any estonian . 
  can i ask you stuff about estonia when i have questions ? 
  by all means !, 
  why would they lie ? 
  i think they 'd be much more comfortable in a country where the majority of the population feel as they do about religion . 
  maybe you could ask them ? 
  all immigrants are religious ? 
   this sounds kinda populist , so jews and muslims living in estonia have no place in estonia ? 
  obviously we should n't discriminate against people that are already here and i 'm pretty sure we have almost no fundamentalists of any faith . 
  i just believe that bringing more religious people into estonia should be avoided when possible , and that the state should make an effort to secularize the religious people already here . 
  this obviously applies to christians as well . 
   i just do n't believe that this explains economic success . 
  probably not directly , but it has allowed us to disregard many hurdles more religious countries face and focus on what 's important . 
  yes , considering our starting position just 24 years ago , i 'd say pretty confidently that estonia has been very successful all things considering . 
  second highest student achievement in europe , way ahead of germany and we top most rankings that compare countries in a functional sense . 
  yes , we are n't rich , but we 've almost tripled our gdp ppp per capita since regaining independence and we 're still going strong , and that is n't really something you could blame us for . 
  we used to not be religious , then happy fun-time crusades happened . 
  there is n't a single mosque in estonia and i really hope it stays that way . 
  we are trying to phase out religion , not make it more prevalent . 
  i think this is part of the reason of our success , christianity , islam and everything else is not for us . 
  these backwards beliefs have no place here . 
  you are completely misunderstanding the point . 
  it 's like being a hedgehog , you 're not a predator , you 're not big , but trying to eat you comes at a such a big cost , that it is n't really worth it . 
   how is it cowardly ? 
  how is it not cowardly ? 
  you 're saying you 're too scared to do what your forefathers did countless of times so that there would exist a finland and finnish people today . 
   but if that happens i 'll rather try to leave the country than risk my life . 
  yeah , but you do n't drop the entire defense force of a country because of a few cowards like yourself . 
  `` te '' is also plural for `` you '' in estonian . 
   `` te '' means `` you '' ( in plural ) in finnish . 
   `` tee ! '', 
  mean `` do ! '', 
  ( imperative form ) in finnish . 
   both are exactly the same in estonian, 
  i would 've guessed that it would be something like `` teeuvailla '' , you know , with the same core as the estonian word , but with a bunch of other letters thrown into it !, 
  `` tee '' also means `` road '' in estonian . 
  we make fun of russia and russians , i 've never even heard someone tell a joke about finland or finns , except the occasional `` poro !, 
  well germany is pretty much at the other end of that spectrum , though . 
  i would n't change the flag at all , but if i had to or we would be picking for the first time , this is what i 'd choose . 
   i 'm not going post-hunting , but jb and skynet have also said it . 
  i 'll give you that i have n't seen / ca n't remember them all say it explicitly , but the mod team seems pretty uniform to me . 
  well if we 're being honest , those are the mods who are pretty openly `` leftist '' and kinda biased , i 'm not saying they 're lying but they might be over representing things and they really do n't have many tools to catch actual brigading as well . 
   banning people in a default subreddit is pointless anyway , i do n't really care much for individuals getting banned for one reason or the other . 
  moderating submissions is the only way to effectively police a place like this . 
  just making a waiting period of a few days to a week before new users can post as many other subs has done , would probably help solve this issue a great deal . 
   that would be a pretty bad case , which you know considering that you and i had regular clashes over both eu/ez , greece , as well as russia/ukraine , communism and probably a few other topics i 've forgotten about . 
  and if savannahjeff is known for any topic , it 's ttip . 
  meanwhile , mods post about issues that cause problems with moderation from what i can tell . 
  well i was n't being entirely serious about that , so yeah , i do agree with you here , i was just trying to point out that banning somebody just because he shows a particular interest in a subject could be a slippery slope . 
   as usual , the `` sides '' are n't exactly equal here , at least as far as the methods utilized go . 
  i 'd go as far to say that there is n't really two sides here to begin with -- there 's the anti-immigration side , and the rest ( however large/small the rest may be ) that are fed up with hearing the same mindless repetitive narrative day in , day out . 
  hell i do n't think i 've seen a single poster that 's pro-immigration to begin with . 
  i do n't see it that way , there are people who just parrot the term `` racist '' at anyone who even remotely suggest that the current immigration situation is problematic in addition to a lot of other insults , which i 've never seen to have been removed . 
  there are people who say ridiculous things like that we should completely open the borders and let absolutely everyone who wants to move here in or that nations are a construct without any meaning or promote communism etc. 
  these in my opinion are as empty and non contributing to any discussion as saying `` brown people are all criminals '' . 
  i could probably name dozens who you see in most immigration related threads , who strongly support the current immigration policies . 
   anyway , the point i was trying to make is that where this sub is going , you 're not very likely to get meaningful discussions again . 
  there 's simply no motivation for me to discuss immigration here at all with any degree of substance , and i would n't be surprised if a lot of others felt the same way . 
  you could be right about that , but i think it 's because of different reasons than you imagine . 
  people are strongly on one side of this issue and increasingly so . 
  being pro-immigration has become a very unpopular opinion , similar to supporting corporate tax reductions , circumcision , less gun control etc. 
  but with other subjects with such strong support , the reality usually reflects that , or at least moves in that direction . 
  with immigration it seems to just get worse and that 's why people are so vocal and frustrated about it . 
  it 's definitely not , i 'd have the same reaction when compared to russia , moldova , macedonia etc. 
  i take absolutely no issue with mexicans , because they too are the victims of that incompetence . 
  i 've only seen one mod talk about brigading ( slyratchet ) and he really made no mention of the extent of it , so if you could show me where all the mods have said there 's a lot of brigading going on , then please link to it . 
  sure there are people from racist subs making comments here , but they 're upvoted by regular / r/europe subscribers . 
  if they 're engaging in hate speech or racism , then ban them . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with just banning people for the subs they 've posted in , or at least do it to the extremists on the other side as well then , like gamerghazi , srs subs , etc. 
  i 'm also unsure if you should ban people for just engaging in one topic , and then too , you should do it with people on the other side as well , i mean a case could be done about you mostly commenting on immigration or savannajeff or a few mods even . 
  this is a bit ridiculous , saying the government of mexico is incompetent is n't even remotely racist . 
  i fully support banning blatant racism , hate speech etc , and i think mods have been doing a generally good job at it , some of it gets through and some people are banned kinda unfairly , but the current censorship really is n't the answer imo . 
   there 's more than obvious brigading that 's going on and this is the biggest lie told on / r/europe , there really is n't any serious brigading going on here , it 's a boogyman invented by some people with an agenda , exactly the same as how some governments who use terrorism as an excuse to spy on people . 
  people who have trouble understanding that the majority of europeans are against the current immigration policies and that 's the real reason why the anti-immigration sentiment is pretty strong on / r/europe also . 
  this obviously does n't excuse racism and hate speech as i already said , and those people should be removed , since they do n't contribute anything meaningful to the discussion , but this censorship is the wrong way to go about it . 
  i mean sorry , but what is n't wrong with mexico ? 
  corruption , crime , poverty , poor * student achievement , etc. 
  losing my job is a very small price to pay compared to losing our independence . 
  well , a lot of companies in the neighboring countries to russia did have to downsize and some even had to shut down , so it definitely has n't been easy on any of us . 
  it 's just that we accept it out of principle , we 've had to suffer so much under russia , so this display of solidarity in the end is peanuts compared to that . 
  that 's not very nice , though . 
  comparing us to mexico , even as a joke : < . 
  should you as a moderator display such bias ?
