   `` i 'm here almost four months without work . 
  when are they going to let me work ? 
  or increase the money they give me ? '', 
  he said . 
  others complained about the food provided . 
  `` what can be done to make it improve is for them to make a list to buy things we need and we can cook by ourselves . 
  that 's all , '' said alexander ( 29 ) , from nigeria . 
  the centre 's management says that there 's nothing wrong with the quality of the food , it 's just different tastes for different cultures . 
  what 's most bizarre to me , is the entitlement some refugees have . 
  `` give me more money , i do n't like your food '' . 
  i could n't picture an estonian going to another country to get refuge and then complain that the food is n't good enough or the free money they 're getting is too little . 
   every country has done shit in the past , and all of it was brown , here and at the north of the wall europe . 
  ok , tell me what shit estonia has done . 
  it will just make them poorer for a while , still richer than many eurozone members who have been contributing to their bailout funds . 
  yes they wo n't reach their previous gdp per capita any time soon , but maybe they did n't belong there at the first place ? 
  wait , are you saying i ca n't unilaterally decide to stop paying my house mortgage ? 
  this is fucking bullshit , where 's muh democracy ? 
   also i 'm struggling to see how even more debt is supposed to reverse the 25 % shrink in greece 's gdp since the troika 's policies started being implemented in the first place ? 
  it is n't , maybe their gdp should n't have been this high in the first place and they inflated it with all the borrowing ? 
  maybe it 's just now starting to reflect reality ? 
  okay shoot , how many federations can you name where smaller entities gave up sovereignty willingly ? 
  their minimum wage , average wage and pensions are still way above . 
  that 's probably the reason the `` austerity '' is n't working . . 
  well that 's a silly statement , but in this case , we 're small players , whatever bailout they would decide on , we would n't have to pay a lot anyway , so there 's a lot of indifference here as well , so we will probably end up swimming with the tide . 
  you wo n't get anyone to join this federation if you tell them that they 're permanently giving up their sovereignty . 
  not related to europe . 
  it 's more abundant than gold or silver . 
  there are already ways to take uranium out of other sources but the current mines are cheaper to mine , if they would run out we would switch to other sources . 
  in practice uranium wo n't run out . 
   lack of fissile supply . 
  we actually have a pretty much infinite amount of fissile supply . 
  eu would most likely go for it with a few concessions , most likely restricting moldovans from seeking employment in other eu countries for a certain period . 
  the problem with renewables is cost and storage . 
  if they 're used for supplementation they 're great , but they 're nowhere near ready to completely take over . 
  also , overall nuclear is still better and clean , so why not use it ? 
  because we 're talking about russia and you start talking about ukraine ? 
  * but whatabout ukraine ? 
  also usa !!, 
  * i was just kidding around , but you going to every thread that 's remotely about ukraine to spread pro-russian propaganda is just silly . 
  that 's like saying the guy who studied and did well on the exam had it easy and the guy who did n't and did n't do well just has it hard . 
  or the person who goes jogging every morning for 3 miles and is healthy has it easy , while the guy who sits on his ass all day and is diabetic has it hard . 
  no , this blaming everyone else but themselves is what keeps countries like greece down in the first place , and you are perpetuating the same faulty logic . 
  you will never get up if you do n't take responsibility for your own actions . 
  i 'm just making fun of you , could you kindly stick to spreading your propaganda in / r/ukrainianconflict ? 
   it was considerably easier for the warsaw pact countries because they had a clear target to eliminate , as well as a ( mostly ) new political class . 
  there was a clear political discontinuity with the previous system . 
  * because some did it , clearly it must have been easy . 
  * no , it was n't easy and many did n't , some still have n't . 
  romania is just now starting to clean house , hungary and bulgaria are still very corrupt . 
  who are you to tell * us * , who went through extreme poverty , chaos and hardships just two decades ago , that we had it easy ? 
  it took extreme sacrifice to get to where we are now . 
  but , `` boohoo , poor greeks sipping mai tai 's on the beach , ca n't get their shit together '' . 
  you do understand that most russian fighters are just vacationing ? 
  not all former warsaw pact countries did and i find it funny how if someone manages to do something , it must have been easy and you must find excuses why they did . 
  this sort of a defeatist attitude is why there are so many countries and people stuck in this loop of misery and stagnation . 
  well , corruption means complacency from the general public . 
  estonia was corrupt to the core during the soviet occupation , it took us only a decade to clean it up . 
  [ have to get the men somewhere when the regular troops are deserting . 
  ] ( http://france24.com/en/20150711-dozens-russian-troops-flee-unit-fearing-ukraine-deployment?ns_campaign=reseaux_sociaux&amp;ns_source=twitter&amp;ns_mchannel=social&amp;ns_linkname=editorial&amp;aef_campaign_ref=partage_aef&amp;aef_campaign_date=2015-07-11&amp;dlvrit=66745 ), 
  i think it 's more to do with the greek people constantly voting for populists , `` well , he 's promising me a pension of 1 billion euros at 35 years of age , seems like a good deal ! '' . 
  i mean you do n't end up defaulting a bazillion times by mistake . 
   from the greek political class if only there were some way the greek people could decide which politicians they want to see in the government . 
  estonia still ca n't even connect the two biggest cities with a motorway : ( . 
  so only accepting young immigrants would make economic sense ? 
  how would social programs make up for an entire life of missing or bad education ? 
  and why do you think they would even want to study ? 
  i think it was norway where 60 % of the immigrants on welfare did n't even bother to show up to free norwegian classes . 
  what would you think the percentages were if it was math , history and the like instead ? 
   they dont get the same education or job chances nationals get on average . 
  which is a social problem . 
  hence why i didnt argue about there being reasonable social reasons to question immigration . 
  just that there are no inherent economic reasons to say no to immigration . 
  some problems might show themselves as economic deficits , but they arent actual economic problems . 
  can you expand on how they do n't get the `` same education or job chances '' ? 
  what do you even mean by `` education chances '' ? 
  if non-eea migrants cost billions of dollars of tax money to a country , how is it not an actual economic problem ? 
   being against immigration ( even non-eea ) without any clarifiers on what exactly you want to have changed is being nationalistic . 
  i think they 're really clear about what they want to have changed - the amount of non-eea immigration . 
  it only shows that they arent treated correctly . 
  what do you mean not being treated correctly ? 
  how are they not treated correctly ? 
  i 'm just trying to get to the bottom of this , of why did you single out white , working class males and the elderly . 
  saying they 're disenfranchised or left behind/unsure about their identity seems really bizarre to me . 
  how is it strange ? 
  the anti-immigration parties are mainly against non-eea immigration . 
  and if non-eea immigrants are an economic burden , then it does make sense to be against that without being a nationalist . 
  so because someone is :  white , working class males and the elderly . 
  he must feel left behind and unsure about their identity ? 
  why do these groups of people tend to be upset ? 
   nearly all of them draw their biggest support from white , working class males and the elderly . 
  and then  and if your party largely consists of a disenfranchised working class youth , the poor and the elderly ? 
   because , as i said the voter demographic is a pretty good way to determine what a party actually stands for . 
  and if your party largely consists of a disenfranchised working class youth , chances are that the party is pursuing nationalist policies . 
  ( which was what you asked me in the first place , why i claimed that they are national socialists ) . 
  wait , when did `` white , working class and elderly '' become `` disenfranchised working class youth '' ? 
  is the study differentiating between eea immigrants and non-eea immigrants , because i seriously doubt non-eea immigrants have a positive contribution in germany either . 
   refugees and immigrants are two separate issues and conflating them only serves the purpose of misinformation . 
  the net effect on the country is rather similar , and it 's hard to deny that many economic migrants travel to europe under the guise of being a refugee . 
   that the established media ca n't be trusted , that our governments are `` run by america '' and that we consequently should seek closer ties to russia ( a lot of `` eurosceptic '' parties receive russian funding [ 1 ] ) , that climate change is n't real ( ukip ) , that their country is being bought up by israel ( jobbik ) and so on . 
  so only one major party ( fn ) is actually receiving russian money ?
