  if only 14 -- 21 years old male juveniles and young adults are considered , the ratio is 1.9 : 1 . 
   spain : the rates of crimes committed by immigrants are substantially higher than nationals . 
   immigrants are overrepresented in sweden 's crime statistics . 
  in a study by the swedish national council for crime prevention in 1997-2001 , 25 % of the almost 1,520,000 offences were found to be committed by people born abroad , while almost 20 % were committed by swedish-born people with a foreign background . 
  in the study , immigrants were found to be four times more likely to be investigated for lethal violence and robbery than ethnic swedes . 
  in addition , immigrants were three times more likely to be investigated for violent assault , and five times more likely to be investigated for sex crimes . 
  those from north africa and western asia were overrepresented . 
  did you even read the article ?!? 
  there was much much more in there . 
   no , and we 're not doing this . 
  the boarders are n't just open letting everybody in . 
  people apply for visas , jobs , a student status , etc. 
  and it 's all well thought through in order to make sure those people will not just arrive and land on the street . 
  so what 's the problem then ? 
  if it 's not their socioeconimic status and it 's not their ethnicity ? 
  although , it does n't really matter either way . 
  whatever it is , i do n't see why we should accept immigrants when we 're unable to tackle the problem of immigrant crime . 
   that 's a bit ironic considering you 're lumping together asylum seekers from radically different backgrounds . 
  am i ? 
  also i 'm not talking about asylum seekers , but immigration in general . 
  although , let 's not then , why does n't europe limit immigration from countries that have been shown to not integrate well and cause a lot more crime per capita than the locals ? 
   honestly , i do n't see much positive in accepting immigrants from eastern europe , but i see a lot of negative . 
  i do n't understand why they are our problem and why we have to give up our little piece of heaven to accommodate them . 
  i really would n't care if you did , i 'd be happy if anything . 
  although you really ca n't compare eastern european immigrants to african immigrants , much less estonia , the baltics etc. 
  well , lumping eastern-europe together is n't very smart , since the countries are rather different now in terms of development . 
  i doubt uk has any problem with estonia , since estonians , considering international tests like pisa etc , are one of the best educated people in the world . 
  although , be that as it may , if there is data that shows estonians are much more likely to commit crimes , are generally unable to integrate etc , then ofcourse . 
  also emigrants are viewed rather poorly here , i do n't actually see why any country should see emigration as a positive thing . 
  the country invests a large amount of money on your education and upbringing and when it 's time to start giving back , you leave . 
  although that 's an entirely different issue . 
   i need to see the statistics you mentioned in order to comment on them . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime here 's a bunch . 
   it 's widely agreed upon that crime is a social and not ethnic factor . 
  i 'm not arguing it 's not , but if we 're unable to provide the immigrants a good enough socioeconomic status compared to locals when they arrive , that they resort to crime , should we be accepting them in the first place ? 
  this is a very good explanation , but i have a few questions . 
   well , estonia does n't really share the guilt of colonial powers , though you now profit from it through the eu . 
  our prosperity would n't have been possible without exploiting the americas , africa and asia ruthlessly . 
  i 've heard this a lot , but i do n't really understand this . 
  does this really account for the economical differences in 2014 ? 
  there are countries in africa that were colonized for a much shorter period of time or almost none at all . 
  namely liberia and ethiopia , but these countries are n't doing much better than the rest of africa , that was colonized for much longer . 
  europe was far more developed before colonization even began , hence how easy it was to colonize countries much larger in size and population with small fleets . 
  if europe never made any contact with africa , i do n't really see them being that better off and us being that much worse off . 
  i 'm not saying that europe did n't benefit , nor that we did n't hurt their economies , but i do n't see it being responsible to this degree . 
  it is n't like it 's been a picnic for europe either , we 've lived through two world wars , the black plague , crusades etc. 
   immigration can also be a driving force in innovation and growth , if people actually get integrated . 
  integration is always an exchange between both imigrants and natives , and in a lot of european countries , ressentiment on both sides made it go wrong pretty badly . 
  what about cultures that have no willingness to integrate ? 
  like many muslims . 
  it 's very likely that it 's a shared account , considering the amount of comments it 's making , it might be that one of those users is living in lithuania . 
   has ida-virumaa gone too far ? 
  i almost spilled my coffee . 
  i think you 're correct , i do n't usually include ida-virumaa to my general picture of estonia . 
  that 's what 's usually dragging us down . 
  well this is a rather strange question , i do n't think i 'm stupid , i placed second in our national championship for debate , i scored in the top 1 % on our national sats and i 'm studying one of the hardest subjects in our best university . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm smart , but i do n't think i 'm stupid in the conventual meaning of the word . 
  i might be stupid on the issue of immigration , though , but i do n't currently see how i am . 
  i do understand that the hate towards immigrants usually gravitates towards people of lower intelligence , education and means . 
  i do n't believe that immigrants are going to take my or anyone elses job , but if i read news or see the statistics about crime , rape and riots , it paints a rather blunt picture . 
  immigrants are far more likely to commit any of those offences than the locals . 
  so if immigration causes more crime , then why do we allow it to such degree ? 
  8,1 % in estonia ? 
  this is difficult to believe . 
  although , my grandparents summer home used to have a pit toilet until a few years back , although they had running water taps . 
  was n't the end of the world , is n't that different , except when the waste collecting truck comes , then the entire neighbourhood stinks for a few hours , although you only empty them once a year or something , not sure . 
  from his comments it appears he 's currently living in america . 
  holy shit . . well that 's a twist . 
  although judgding from his comments he 's currently living in albany , us . 
  we ( estonia ) do n't even get many immigrants , but i 'm already not a fan from all i 've heard about immigrants who come from outside of europe to other eu countries . 
  honestly , i do n't see much positive in accepting immigrants , but i see a lot of negative . 
  i do n't understand why they are our problem and why we have to give up our little piece of heaven to accommodate them . 
  call me xenophobic , stupid or whatever , i just do n't understand . 
  nobody is dying of hunger in the balkans . 
  holy shit , how is this even remotely the same ? 
  in one instance you lose billions in profit , in the other you lose a fraction of what you earn . 
  i doubt it 's that simple , if you expect that revenue and it 's abruptly cut off , it 's gon na hurt you a lot more than not receiving some profits . 
  you take loans and start new projects based on that estimated revenue etc , not to mention how they hurt their stock . 
  if you 're not equating asbestos to nuclear power , then how is this example even relevant ? 
  is n't implied ? 
  read your previous post again ... 
  more like , you ask the goverment for permission to build a store , they tell you `` sure thing '' , you take loans , invest billions and then the goverment says `` jk , lol , you ca n't build a store here afterall '' . 
  nuclear power is n't `` bad '' . 
  it 's one of the cleanest and cheapest ways to generate electricity that we have . 
  so this analogy does n't hold up at all , too . 
  it 's still true that immigrants outside of europe are the biggest rapists per capita . 
   according to official statistics , 21.0 % of rapes have been committed by foreigners in finland . 
  [ 8 ] foreigners comprise 2.2 % of the population . 
   the politicians made another fat profit . 
  did they really though ? 
  bud dem commies , bro ... 
  same point could be made about us healthcare , they spend most tax money per capita on healthcare , yet they 're unable to provide free healthcare , yet countries who spend less can provide almost same level heathcare for free . 
  what 's the logic behind that ? 
  i can fill swimming pools for free on goverment dime ? 
  to be fair , we passed cohabitation bill on thursday legalizing same-sex partnerships . 
  there are still a lot of people who are a bit stuck with the soviet way of thinking , but i think actions speak stronger than words and we 're getting there . 
  there are a lot of reasons , but mostly because you 're role models of economic development we want to achieve . 
  there are a lot of geographical , historical and cultural arguments aswell . 
  estonia is more north than denmark , we 're basicly the same people as finnish people , we 're both finnic people , so if finland gets to be nordic then why not us ? , estonia had vikings too :  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oeselians etc. 
  if you 're gon na take online newspaper article comments as the general opinion of the people , you 're gon na have a bad time , especially estonian online newspapers , because there 's almost no moderation and bans , it 's basicly / b / there .
