  with observers . 
  same way you mitigate an inside attack with paper ballots . 
   now it is much easier to steer an election in fully to get the result you want . 
  which is much more dangerous . 
  oops , we must have forgot about that when designing the system . 
  our bad . 
  why would i spend hours gathering sources and explaining the system to you ? 
  if you really are interested , do it yourself . 
  there is plenty of information in english available . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to cheat and there is absolutely no issue with election secrecy , which is reinforced by the fact that you can cancel your online vote with a paper ballot . 
   and the worst one is that it would be very easy to cheat in an election . 
  and that is no matter how you implement it . 
  other issues that might arise is the election secrecy . 
  you should n't be able to know how anyone voted . 
  and in those few sentences you just showed me that you know absolutely nothing about estonian e-voting . 
   anyone who is competent in it-security would n't think this is a good idea . 
  good to know that estonian it force who has spawned skype , kazaa , most advanced e-government services in the world and much much else is incompetent . 
  thanks for your input !, 
  already seen it many times , already argued about it many times , estonian voting commission has addressed it and debunked it . 
  i 've kinda grown tired of arguing about this with people who have seen one video and think they know how our system works , a system that has worked flawlessly ( except traffic problems in the beginning ) for almost 10 years . 
  and i do n't trust electricity , candle light is where it 's at !, 
  also , that video has absolutely nothing to do with estonian e-voting . 
  just to note , estonia has rather low emigration rates per capita . 
  there 's no such thing as `` heightening tensions '' with russia , they 're always there , they 're always heightened . 
  the difference is only in readiness if push came to shove . 
  nobody is stupid enough in russia to think any nordic country would attack them . 
  there 's not much foreign policy discussion going on here , most everyone agrees that `` fuck russia !, 
  '' , `` eu is good !, 
  estonia big, 
  there is hundreds of years of history to support that , and now russia is at this shit again . 
  well sadly you ca n't , so you can only prosecute those , probably take their children into cps . 
  how do you tell the difference in between trying to conceal the xenophobic image and trying to modernize the values of the party ? 
  prosecute them and then deport them . 
  the bbc title is `` france 's jean-marie le pen ` pulls out of poll ' '' , your title is `` france 's le pen ` pulls out of poll ' '' . 
  if they are anti-british , why do n't they leave ? 
  just crawl back under the rock you came from . 
  what a joke . 
  all those people should be immediately deported . 
  do n't editorialize titles . 
  i 'm willing to bet that if you went on moscow streets and asked people about this , 90 % + would say something like this never happened . 
  the white washing done by russian propaganda , about russian actions in wwii and after is incredible . 
  they were no better than nazi germany , to many countries they were far far worse . 
  well % change does n't actually say that much , if they * produced almost no emissions earlier , that could be practically nothing . 
  it 's like his father is trying to make her lose votes . . 
  you 're silly , estonia will annex the nordics , not the other way around , expect us !, 
  this is rather confusing . 
  so what 's the issue ? 
  norway 's cps taking children from lithuanian immigrants ? 
  is this something that happens often ? 
  are there any specific cases people are unhappy about , where they feel they 've been unjust with ? 
  narva would be a perfect place to house them in , 59 000 population , 98 % russian , if he wanted to do a preemptive strike , he 'd have to nuke ethnic russians . 
  pardon my ignorance , i 'm not too well versed with tanks , why are n't they '' * tank * tanks '' ? 
  i see what looks like a tank with a gun in the front . 
  estonia is one of the few nato members who actually spends the required 2 % of gdp on defense . 
  we 're getting over 40 tanks currently , we will probably get some frigates in the future , but we 'll probably never have combat aircraft , because that 's not a smart way to spend our military budget considering our size . 
  our military is geared towards having a lot of well trained men , with mortars , antitank weapons ( we 're currently getting a lot of javelins ) and overall good equipment . 
  i do n't want to kick them out now , we should have done so in the 90 's when they did n't have much to stay here for . 
  still , children of illegal immigrants are still considered illegal immigrants in most of europe . 
  illegal immigrants are forced to move out of their homes all the time . . 
   they have always had the right to live in the place where they want to live . 
  that 's not how the world works , every russian does n't have the right to go and live in britain for example , nor does the same apply with a britt and moscow . 
   usually that place for a lot of people tends to be home , birthplace . 
  these people and/or their parents moved here from russia during the ussr and made it their home . 
  they moved to occupied lands . 
   having been born in the same place just as any other ethnicity means that we 've got no right what so ever to push down our own culture and identity down their throats as they have the right to their own identity , as much as we do . 
  we ca n't force our culture and identity down anyone 's throat , nor should we , but estonia has every right to promote our culture and our identity in our country and put it first . 
  all hundreds of them ? 
  why is it short-sighted ? 
  we should have moved them all back to russia in the beginning of the 90 's , when nobody had strong roots here , in terms of employment , property etc. 
  when we could 've ( with hopefully the help of us and some eu members ) compensated them fairly to leave , but estonia was still too afraid of russia and too drunk on our new found freedom . 
  right now , it 's not realistic , it would be inhumane , they 've made lives here , all we can do now is try to integrate them and there are strong efforts already , i have no doubt that in the next few decades a lot of their descendants will identify themselves as estonian , that will be no different from the rest of us . 
  it 's only a matter of time , until there are n't many russians left here . 
  this is a really good article , that 's rather unbiased , to anyone who has any interest in this subject , i 'd recommend to read it . 
  so you really do n't know what you 're talking about , estonia is already a hundred times better place for russians than russia , ask any russian living here . 
  there 's a reason that in the beginning of the 90 's we saw 130 000 russians moving back to russia , but in the recent years it 's only a few every year , out of 300 000 . 
  russia becoming an eu member would mean demolishing the cleptocracy and becoming an actual democracy , but that 's not in the best interest of putin and his merry band of corrupt oligarchs . 
  to you it 's vandalizing history , the former soviet occupied countries it 's liberating themselves from symbols of the occupation and oppression . 
  it 's similar to france taking down the swastikas after nazi occupation was over . 
   you guys were occupied for 50 years . 
  you had grandparents who knew how it is to be independent . 
  the baltics were occupied for over 700 years , with only a brief period of independence from 1920-1939 . 
  estonia is n't a tax haven , estonian tax system promotes growth , you can reinvest in the company , but taking any profit out to actually spend you pay more taxes than in many other places in europe . 
  estonia has a lot to offer , estonia is one of the easiest countries to do business in , starting from establishing a business , to paying taxes and everything else that has to do with the government , not to mention we have a lot of well educated people per capita and one of the strongest education systems in europe , second only to finland . 
   attracting talent would be very difficult in estonia ?? 
  they chose the nicknames they displayed at the end . 
  although , it 's not such a big of a deal , it 's kinda in bad taste , not an article we 'd be happy about , but i get it that it was n't meant to `` offend '' anyone . 
  so i do n't think this should be blown out of proportion . 
  i do n't think it 's necessary to post this here . 
  see how i can help with fighting back against russia . 
  okay , that 's cool !, 
  this has not made things clearer for me . 
  what do you mean by `` shifty '' then ? 
  if you 're importing illegal stuff , estonia might not be the safest place , because the volume of import and export is smaller and the police/customs are rather efficient here . 
  estonia ranks top 10 in being dealt a shit hand throughout history , but here we are still !, 
  that 's how estonia got in , we drowned them in alcohol . 
  if you 're russian and gay in estonia and the people you interact with are mostly russian then you 're not that well off , but if you 're estonian and gay , you do n't face much intolerance . 
  civil union , recently passed . 
  can only adopt your partners child . 
  the russians here are pretty against it , thanks to anti-gay propaganda by the kremlin media and there are some bigots , but generally i think being gay is n't a problem here . 
  i think the idea is that it makes it easier , since you can prove your identity online .
