  why ca n't some countries be more oriented towards science spending and others prioritise something else ? 
  especially when those big spenders have the systems , prestigious universities and experience already in place ? 
  overall , i do n't really see any guarantees that anything would get better science spending wise , but i can see different ways how it could get worse . 
  to be honest , our countries are still in shambles compared to what they could 've been . 
  the time necessary to reach similar levels than what would 've been without the occupation is probably 50-100 years more at least . 
   now , let 's just completely ignore that . 
  if you think the eu is as strong , economically speaking , as a single combined european country , than you really are kidding yourself . 
  the mere fact that the eu ca n't control national budgets alone disproves that . 
  why would federation europe become more strong economically ? 
  what does eu having control over national budgets have to do with it ? 
  now you 've lost me completely . 
  we are not comparing an individual country to federation europe , but current form of eu to federation europe . 
  how does federation europe increase europe 's scientific output compared to current eu . 
  where does the extra $ 9 come in federation europe ? 
  i ca n't , please elaborate !, 
  how does federation europe increase science funding ? 
  how does a federation europe help us compete better scientifically ? 
   non-united europe will simply not be able to compete . 
  compete in what ways exactly ? 
  the statistics from this same news show that they 're overrepresented in such crimes . 
  what are you trying to argue here ? 
  that they 're not ? 
   http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03461/merkel-cardboard_3461767b.jpg  http://s1.ibtimes.com/sites/www.ibtimes.com/files/2015/09/21/merkel-refugee-sign.jpg, 
  can someone explain slovenia 's minimum wage to me ? 
  how is their minimum wage so high relative to their gdp per capita ? 
  when did they raise it so high ? 
  what have been the effects negative/positive ? 
  estonia is n't really known as a cheap country to live in , but for 3-6k eur a month , you 'd be living very very well here . 
  estonian laws , taxation , e-government services although should make it a pretty desirable country for you to live in , if your work is location independent . 
  per capita they actually do n't , so there 's really no excuse why they 're in such bad order . 
  `` sanasta miest\u00e4 , sarvista h\u00e4rk\u00e4\u00e4 '' - `` meest s\u00f5nast , h\u00e4rga sarvest '' we share this one too !, 
  the first one exists in estonia as well , others i do n't recall . 
   han tog benene p\u00e5 nakken - `` he took his legs on the back of his neck '' ; he hurried . 
  we have this one in estonia as well , but back instead of neck - `` v\u00f5ttis jalad selga '' - `` took his legs on his back '' - he hurried . 
  afaik , they do n't allow editorialised articles , there is some misinformation , like blog posts without adequate proof to their claims or sometimes even plain lies , but overall it 's not too bad , just have to verify for yourself . 
  i 'm not promoting the sub , i 'm just saying that you sometimes catch interesting news there that does n't make it much anywhere else , usually because it gets censored in most places . 
  the comments often are abhorrent though , so i keep away from the comment sections . 
  i think bar a lot of the comments there aside , just browsing for the links you 'll see a lot of news there that are censored in other subs , but are still interesting . 
  yes the sub where in the top 5 threads only 2 have comments in them is indeed the pinnacle of good subreddits . 
  brutal , but true . 
  i do n't know about every european country , but that movie was very popular in estonia . 
  i think it 's kind of a dickish thing to say , but i think he meant it as us having much more money than romania and if you could `` afford '' it , so should them . 
  not really trying to offend romanians . 
  i 'd expect sanders to be informed enough to know that romania is an eu and nato member and is doing pretty well . 
  holy fuck , those people are dumb and the burn in the end ... 
  i think it is a relict , unchanged because there has n't been a need to , i can pretty confidently guess that in the past 20 years there have been around 0 ethnic scots getting married at 16 . 
  sadly we now have people in europe that do get married at that age and we have to redo these laws . 
  quite a famous lake in estonia is called `` p\u00fchaj\u00e4rv '' and yeah , the terms `` p\u00fcha '' and `` pyh\u00e4 '' are probably much older than christianity or at least older than when christianity reached here . 
   sankt hans torv funny , `` hans torv '' is the name of an estonian man who 's the father of `` anna torv '' the main actor in the tv show fringe . 
  is n't `` pyh\u00e4 '' = `` holy '' ? 
  like `` p\u00fcha '' in estonian ? 
  `` saint '' would be `` p\u00fchak '' in estonian . 
   in the eu we currently do everything asylum related 28 fucking times . 
  except when pushing refugee quotas on ee ? 
  did n't need a consensus then , how is pulling aid or some choice sanctions ( probably do n't even need to go further than threats ) harder to pull off than that , i do n't see many objecting , nor is n't it extremely unpopular with the masses . 
  i do n't understand how europe is so toothless , these countries desperately need the aid coming from europe , they need to be able to trade with europe and militarily they have nothing against europe . 
  why ca n't we use these things to leverage them ? 
  this is after all what those countries will really recognize , these corrupt backwards hellholes will care little for our diplomacy , what they will react to is a show of force . 
  how many swim to europe ? 
  because as we 've seen from countries that have actually tried enforcing their borders , like hungary or australia , it did n't work for either !, 
  so we should n't even try !, 
  what people ? 
  where ? 
  leftist media would , the guardian etc , but people would n't . 
  i 'm not talking about a headscarf , i just said `` the head to toe in black thing '' . 
  well the head to toe in black thing or w/e . 
  it just does n't ring `` i 'm a normal well-rounded person '' to me . 
  russia wo n't win any kind of a war against nato . 
  i doubt most anyone would blame greece and macedonia , if you 'd do a poll most europeans would probably support the action . 
  yes , and as long as russia does n't use nuclear bombs they wo n't get nuked in return either . 
  which is something i think they prefer not to happen to them . 
   russia would n't have to use tactical nukes kek , yes , russia is going to nuke a nato member , makes perfect sense ... oh boy . . 
  edgy, 
  `` their '', 
  what a load of shit , like people on reddit did n't care about the child sex ring concerning uk 's mps etc ? 
  race was n't involved there at all . . you 're just trying to take this tragedy and valid concerns and make it suit your agenda instead . 
  `` anastasijas '' is not a russian name though . 
  russian names do n't end with `` ijas '' , latvian ( or lithuanian ? ), 
  names do . 
  they were not estonians , they were russians with estonian citizenship . 
  none of them were ethnic estonians . 
  but they should be , they 're paid for by tax money , but they only represent the view of a portion of the tax payers . . 
  which will take years to deliberate and will finally cost you a fine or w/e . 
  preferable outcome in each case . 
  your link only talks about assault , no murder and source the restaurant owners thing ? 
  since that 's something that occurs in germany , people who are unhappy with the immigrant situation go out and kill some immigrants ? 
  for frequently driving 20-30 km/h over the limit ? 
  pretty much . 
  you have to be a pretty big idiot to do it in the first place if you 're aware of the consequence and even a bigger one if you do it twice . 
  you do n't accidentally drive 20-30 km/h over the speed limit , and if you do , you are better off being off the roads and might as well out of the country anyway . 
  finland is almost never the odd one out , since there 's at least one more country that has either the exact word or almost the exact word !, 
  cmon , i 'd take dr. doom as my leader anyday . 
  i mean if it 's 10km/h over the limit then yeah , but 20-30 km/h over the limit , then fuck them . 
  how hard is it not to drive like an idiot ? 
  croatia , bulgaria , romania , cyprus , czech republic , estonia , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia , slovenia , hungary ? 
  that 's quite a lot of expansions , adds up to over a 100 million people ... 
  `` either we make a misguided attempt towards some sort of idealism or we act in our best interests '', 
   they are only doing what everyone would be doing in their situation . 
  but they are n't , most of syrian refugees are spread across jordan and turkey . 
  the ones coming to europe are a greedy minority .
