  5 month old account whos posts are only about defending russia , not a putinbot at all !, 
  fair enough , `` arsed '' seems a rather new term , is it not ? 
  sanctions , sanctions and sanctions . 
  also equipment . 
  i 'm not saying we should send our troops but there 's a lot we could 've done that we have n't . 
  well , atleast it 's much harder to become rich , than it is to fall into poverty , but yeah i do agree on most of what you 're saying , but i think this is an important distinction to make . 
   countries on top can come down in minutes ( greece ) . 
  i do n't agree or atleast find a better example than greece , they brought this on themselves by being corrupt and lying about their figures . 
  greece is a story of mismanagment , not unfortune . 
   being poor is not an eternal oblivion nor is being rich a once-acquired-always-there thing . 
  it kinda is though , bar something riddiculous happens like a war . 
  other than that , i pretty much agree , we 're really really close to portugal and greece already and it is n't much of a question if we 're going to surpass greece soon . 
  well , most of them do n't . 
  so dare i say most of them deserve it ? 
  probably not , because they have been brainwashed by the russian propaganda machine and i ca n't say for 100 % certain that i would n't be brainwashed aswell should i live there , but damn is it hard not to gloat when things are going to shit in russia for what they 've recently done . 
  tax evaders are like a leech or a cancerous growth for a country . 
  they enjoy the benefits of having police , emergency services , infrastructure , education and a million other things and they give nothing back . 
  all tax evaders should receive long prison sentences , a person who does n't pay taxes is basicly stealing from 99 % of the rest of the populaton . 
  this is an issue that should recieve a lot more attention in other eu countries aswell and even more so in non-eu countries . 
  instead of having lost 50 % of it 's value compared to pre-ukraine war it 's only lost 42 % now . 
  much wow . 
  i guess problem solved and russian economy is booming again , ignore that they do n't have the money to pay goverment employees or that a riddiculous amount of funds have left russia or that they 've spent a big proportion of their reserves trying to save the ruble , everything is fine !, 
  you 've been hit by , you 've been struck by russian propaganda !, 
  honestly , please look at who russia is trading with export and import wise , then look what % eu makes of that , then look at eu 's import and export and see what % russia makes . 
  you 'll understand pretty quickly that europe could function fine without russia , but russia would collapse without europe . 
  i 'm not saying it would n't hurt , but it 's still a tiny bump for us . 
  for russia it would be game over . 
  if you think russia could instantly switch all the things they 're exporting to and importing from europe with asia then you 're kidding yourself . 
  markets do n't work like that , it would probably take a decade to fully switch , a very very painful decade and even then you 'd probably be atleast twice as worse off than before . 
  look at the numbers , the numbers do n't lie . 
  rt lies , i could lie , i 'm not asking you to trust me `` just because '' , i 'm just saying that look at the numbers !, 
  i think you have a very wrong idea what being excluded from swift means , it would mean import and export would become a lot more difficult . 
  inferiority complex ? 
  maybe , i think it might be a part of it , but really , we look at finland and we see what could have been and this is a sad sight , being robbed of so much . 
  i did n't claim we 're nordic , i said there 's a pretty good case for us , we have a long way to go , but the basics are there , the history is there and we 're already making strides education and value wise and a lot else . 
  you 're not wrong that we have more in common with eastern-european countries right now , but we do n't want the soviet occupation to be our defining factor , nor should anyone else . 
  about calling us nordic , do n't !, 
  we want to earn it , it 's more of a joke now , but in the long run it 's somewhat what we aspire to be . 
  the reality is that we 've had much more history with nordic countries than with eastern-european countries . 
  recent history yes , but the big picture is very different . 
  the biggest thing we have in common with other eastern eu countries is being occupied by russia or the second best thing of being part of the warsaw pact . 
  this is not exactly what i think any of those countries want to be known for or being lumped together for . 
  we all have our own `` hopes and dreams '' and want to distance ourselves from probably one of the worst periods in history any of us had to face . 
  fun reasons ? 
  what else is there ? 
  we want to be socialist aswell , we really do , but we have to jumpstart our economy first . 
  we have to reach a comfortable position first , having strong businesses ingraned and then hit those motherfuckers with taxes they could n't even immagine . 
  i think you should especially understand . 
  i think the problem is that you think we 're elitist or want to distance ourselves from latvia and lithuania , this is not the case , we will always have a strong bond with you aswell , although we 'd love to have an `` aura '' and reputation of a nordic country aswell . 
  this seems rather overblown , the real difference is miniscule compared to how the ruble has fallen for example , few precent or a fraction of a precent compared to ruble falling 200 % . 
  we 're very very close relatives to finnish people , we 're more north than denmark , we 've been occupied by both denmark and sweden , we 're very atheist , estonians were also vikings , we share a lot of our views with other nordic countries and there are probably several more reasons i ca n't remember right off the bat . 
  bottom right is way too similar to finland . 
  there 's a pretty good case for estonia being nordic , beside not being wealthy enough and having a cross flag . 
  the payment is not being sent to a gulag . 
  russian liberators in action ? 
  we 're only like 6 months late ... 
  i do n't know , i 'm already severly dissapointed in eus actions regarding the war in ukraine . 
  there were some sanctions , then russia was like `` okay , these are n't that bad '' and increased their involvement in ukraine like 10x atleast and after that there have been like 6 months of silence on eu side , like we 've given up , letting russia do whatever they want . 
  it 's sad that canada and us have been the biggest vocal supporters and also the biggest supporters in equipment , while this is happening in our front yard where we should be the people who do the most . 
  `` k\u00fc\u00fcti andma '' , basicly means `` to give a ride '' , but it 's somewhat of a rarely used term these days . 
  iirc it 's kinda in use in us already . 
  i still like europe for being more for the people than for businesses , especially compared to america , i hope we do n't get off this path . 
  one term that i miss that is n't in english but is in estonian is `` ei viitsi '' , it basicly translates to `` i ca n't be bothered '' , but it 's a little different , it implies that you 're too tired and/or too uninterested to parttake in some activity . 
  it 's a really popular term here , while `` i ca n't be bothered '' is n't that popular in english , so you have to find some sort of an excuse . 
  say someone invites you to see a movie , but you do n't feel like it , you say `` ei viitsi '' , in english , mostly you 'd have to find some sort of an excuse . 
  although lately , it has turned into somewhat of an unpolite expression . 
  atleast without apologizing `` ei viitsi , sorry '' . 
  it 's a good way of making yourself unemployable in the public sector , military and a lot of businesses . 
  it 's a good thing though , makes separating the bad apples from the good much easier , they tell you yourself , no nsa business necessary . 
  can fill up your watchlist quickly and easily . 
  long story short , it 's really fucking cheap and people are retarded about nuclear power . 
  that 's pretty much all there is to it . 
  although countries that are n't completely dumb wo n't let it get to the point that they 'd be fucked without gas . 
  it 's always funny hearing about how estonia is getting it 's gas 100 % from russia , without mentioning that we do n't even use that much gas and most heating systems can be switched to oil , since russia already pulled that shit with their gas in the 90 's so we wo n't put all our eggs in one basket . 
  estonia did n't want to blow this out of proportion , we know that russia will always deny that they kidnaped him off estonian soil and we probably are n't going to start a war off this one incident . 
  so it 's better to keep this on the down low and hope that russia gives him back , we do n't want a political victory we just want our man back . 
  if we make a big deal then russia will never give him back or they 'd have to publicly admit they 're lying . 
   how hard can it be to ask potential immigrants/refugees entering the country questions concerning their beliefs on women 's rights , democracy , freedom of religion , secularism and many other widely held western beliefs and rejecting those who barely meet the criteria for this ? 
  how hard is it to lie to those questions ? 
  do n't you think something similar could happen or maybe currently is happening in sweden ? 
  for the unaware , this is n't actually crimean black friday , it 's just that there are shortages of bananas and many other things , now that it 's under the loving care of russia . 
  well minimum wage should be increased , not as drastically as they suggest , but slowly every year . 
  it 's not like the companies are going to abandon their factories and equipment and move to another country because they have to pay 20 euros more per person per month . 
  although i do n't think those companies are evil , they benefit all those countries , without them those people would be entirely jobless . 
  they just make the most economically sound decision , because they have to compete on the open market . 
   the issue being , that societal attitudes reflect on those people regardless . 
  societal attitudes were bad about asians aswell , like japanese in america etc , did n't stop them from making a good name for themselves . 
   how often do you hear `` bet it was muslims '' , such as after utoya and the recent killings in czechia ? 
  because it often is ? 
   how often do you hear `` they should say more against terrorism ! '', 
  despite there being frequent such statements made from islamic communities ? 
  https://vimeo.com/19598947 the things the imams are saying to the media and to the followers are very different . 
  they have said multiple times that they 're going to protest radical islam etc , but then the turnout is abysmal , when there are tens of thousands of `` moderate muslims '' protesting some stupid cartoons . 
  i 've said it many times , all eu countries should contribute to secure eu borders and seas . 
  italy , spain and greece should n't pull all the weight on their own . 
  because it 's a stupid commercial that does n't really reflect anything , it has never been about how they look like anyway , but what they believe in . 
   we can be all naive and pretend that rt is nothing but a kremlin propaganda instrument . 
  it is and that 's why the estonian ministry of defence press officer wo n't validate it as a legitimate news service by dealing with them . 
  this is not how our goverment deals with any legitimate news services . 
  your entire post history is posting in threads about russia and ukraine and heavily defending russia , that 's all you do .
