  according to a yougov poll done in august , sd currently has the biggest percentage of supporters . 
  can you tell me exactly what about their proposed policies makes you say that ? 
  i 've never seen them say that they wa n't to close the doors , but just to limit the numbers , so sweden would n't have an unequal burden compared to most eu members . 
  since clearly the current numbers are unsustainable . 
   i do not see the need to have `` ex '' - fascist and racists represented when we try to deal with helping those who are not swedish . 
  i do not see how calling them names , is in any way productive , especially if there 's little evidence to support that modern sd is anything like that . 
  yeah , we have quite a few drownings every year , 68 in 2014 , only 25 this year so far . 
  so i guess they 're working . 
  according to an august poll by yougov , they 're the biggest party . 
  and why not ? 
  they clearly represent a big part of the population , so ignoring them would only make things worse , it 's supposed to be a democracy . 
   pierre vogel gingers should n't be allowed to grow beards by law . 
  vlad will rise once more ? 
  we 're putting the hurt on , though . 
  we 're actively raising the excises , since estonians consume too much alcohol ourselves . 
  soon they 'll have to take a trip to latvia if they want cheap booze and russia wo n't do because they can only bring back one bottle per trip . 
  latvia , staph pls : ( . 
  estonia was supposed to be the golden child . 
  ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ honestly , ^ ^ ^ really ^ ^ ^ well ^ ^ ^ done , ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ go ^ ^ ^ guise !, 
  well you 're wrong . .  as of 2011 , statistics sweden reported that around 19.6 % or 1.858.000 inhabitants of sweden had foreign background , defined as born abroad or born in sweden by two parents born abroad . 
  i have been wondering about that , currently there are about 20 % of foreigners in sweden , do you have any idea what percentage of them hold swedish citizenship ? 
  this will only make them more popular , do they really not understand that ? 
  sd is already the biggest party in sweden , are they pushing for them to have the absolute majority ? 
  mods have no way of telling if it 's the same person , only admins do , if that person uses the same ip . 
  how is his speech racist ? 
  i have n't seen the whole thing , just clips of it , but it seems a tad xenophobic at worst . 
  did n't like the majority of english population strongly agree with him , when he made it ? 
  is it really widely considered racist today ? 
  i would care , besides the limitation on new accounts , like having to wait between posts etc , i enjoy recognizing people i 've seen post before and that some recognize me . 
  german has actually influenced estonian quite a bit , since they were landlords here for centuries , so we have quite a few loanwords from german , but the majority of estonian and finnish has diverged organically and does n't really resemble any other languages but each other . 
  ( + other finnic languages , which are mostly dead ), 
  you stole it !, 
  like you stole gulf of finland , it should be gulf of estonia !, 
  and by assaulted , you mean made it more efficient !, 
  i do n't see it that way , they 're german citizens , but not germans . 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't be german if you 're not an ethnic german , but i believe it takes more than a piece of paper . 
  you need to embrace german culture and values . 
  plenty ? 
  i 've heard of only very very few native europeans joining them . 
  even the number of people who have converted to islam is something ridiculously low and imo mostly spouses who join because of their husband . 
  well here 's your chance to start your own business that gets rid of all of these problems and makes you a billionaire . 
  the more people talk about finnish , the more i 'm convinced it 's just estonian with random letters added in . 
  \\ ^ \\ ^ in estonian it 's `` kaks '' . 
  it 's not 300 , they asked for thousands and they 're going to ask for thousands more . 
  eu does n't do handouts , eu invests and estonia is set to be a net contributor soon . 
  i read about some cases where the father actually went to retrieve her underage daughter but got arrested for disturbing peace and taken away by police . 
  i found it :  http://www.thestar.co.uk/news/crime/rotherham-dads-were-arrested-after-tracking-down-abusers-1-6807187, 
  that money never came with such conditions , that 's like saying taking a woman out and paying for her dinner , she owes you sex later . 
  what a ridiculous way of thinking ... 
  if anyone told us there would be conditions like these , we would 've never joined eu in the first place , nor would 've most newer members . 
  they 're clearly not . 
   how should estonia help with the refugee problem ? 
  blue - 27th may to 9th june poll . 
  red - 11th to 25th august poll . 
  the responses of the latest poll : 29 % - it is not our problem . 
  42 % - should n't accept refugees , but help other countries . 
  22 % - should accept 150-200 refugees . 
  3 % - if need be , accept more refugees in the future . 
  this is a poll done on 11th-25th of august . 
  it 's two weeks old ... 
  they get temporary residence permits , you can just not renew them after and then just deport them . 
  estonia has already turned . 
   http://g1.nh.ee/images/pix/vao-pagulaskeskuse-poleng-72365183.jpg 71 percent of people are against accepting refugees and that was before eu started to push additional refugees onto us . 
  so let 's send turkey money so they could . 
  it will be much cheaper to support them in turkey than in eu . 
  we have already given our answer to those other european nations : 1 . 
  we do n't have the resources to help to that degree , we have people living in poverty here , who have to get by , by much less than what 's expected from us to provide to the refugees . 
  our population is only 70 % native , we are still dealing with integrating hundreds of thousands of russians . 
  who were resettled here against our will under soviet occupation . 
  none of the refugees actually want to be here , which will create a lot more trouble . 
  we also do n't believe most of those people are actually refugees , but economic migrants . 
  still , we said we 're willing to accept 200 on a voluntary basis , although it was a hugely unpopular decision here . 
  those 200 have n't even arrived and eu is already pushing us to take more . 
  this creates a lot of distrust towards the eu here . 
  according to the latest polls over 70 % of people are against accepting these migrants , if eu keeps pushing this onto us , this number will only increase and lead to a future government who will just deport all of them . 
  iirc you get 6000 eur for every quota migrants from the eu , so basically they pay for the first year , but you have to pay another 6000 for the second year out of your own pocket . 
  because we agreed to 200 over 2 years , the first migrants are n't even here yet and they already want us to accept more . 
  when will it end ? 
  after this 400 , it 's gon na be another 800 and then even more . 
  the problem is n't the number , but how they force more and more on you . 
  http://news.err.ee/v/politics/6994e9e5-1953-4682-8f67-379eb920d17d/ec-wants-to-relocate-more-refugees-estonia-wont-agree-to-quota-system estonia already said that we wo n't agree to this . 
  i thought it was actually pretty good , the idea behind it was actually interesting , refreshing from the haunted house or the regular psycho killer . 
  it only made me feel kinda bad for slovaks , getting your country portrayed like that , even if it is fiction . 
  there 's nothing wrong with asking for proof if you 're unable to find any yourself , but if the same person constantly goes around everywhere and asking people to source every single thing that does n't support their views ( and only those things ) , then it 's pretty dumb . 
  you are one of those people who should learn about google , i see you asking for citations all the time , is it really so hard to use google yourself ? 
  the problem is that a lot of that data on children is self-reported and a lot of them are actually adults trying to pass off as children , because it 's easier to get asylum then . 
  some data suggests more than half who claim to be children are actually adults . 
   http://cphpost.dk/news14/immigration-denmark/many-asylum-seekers-try-to-pass-themselves-off-as-children-to-gain-entry.html but only few countries test for age . 
  you mean the london where average wage ca n't support you having an apartment in many areas of london and natives are forced to move away ? 
  i personally do n't understand what 's so great about having ridiculous property prices . 
  there 's really not that much corruption , people just like to qq a lot , in most rankings that measure corruption , estonia does quite well . 
  according to transparency international , estonia ranks as having 26th lowest corruption in the world , ahead of france , spain , italy and many others . 
  about options , it does currently somewhat seem to me as well , that there are n't exactly any parties i feel strongly aligned with , although we have quite many parties and a lot of them make it to government in healthy numbers . 
  we just had elections as well in early 2015 , so the actual political landscape will probably change a lot for the 2019 elections and it 's likely there will be be entirely new players , anyway i think the next elections will be one of the most important in estonia , since i suspect the power dynamic is going to change a lot . 
  i have n't heard of a single event in years and years . 
  not linguistic pride , but it 's very multifaceted and all the reasons would take a very long time to explain and analyze . 
  they 're a bit more religious , but not too much . 
  they also mainly watch russian broadcasts , so some of the opinions they hold are more `` russian '' , like being against gay rights , liking putin etc , but they are n't nearly as brainwashed as the general public in russia and they hold a healthy dose of skepticism on many russian claims . 
  the problems mostly arise from many russians here not wanting to integrate out of principle , and putting their kids in russian schools etc. 
  some manage to do fine still , but as they 're cut off from a big part of the work field many face poverty , which leads to crime , drug abuse etc.
