  what effect will this have on poland 's stance on migrants ? 
  will any changes occur ? 
  poland can still opt out and pay the fine , or just tell the eu to go screw itself . 
  i think a lot of countries want to do this , but are scared to go first . 
  i hope some brave country will lead the way . 
  let 's post a video about electronic voting to discredit e-voting , brilliant !, 
  maybe learn the difference between the two first . 
  haters gon na hate , almost a decade without an issue , still qq all around . 
   no government agency or contractor has been known to produce stable , and safe it systems . 
  estonia . 
  why ca n't anything be done whilst in eu ? 
  does n't uk have an opt-out on the immigration matter ? 
  do you think it 's much faster in austria ? 
   very few swedes wants the sweden democrats to rule the country with a majority . 
  only some 25 % according to latest polls ? 
  how is it easier ? 
  they did n't find shit , all of the issues they `` found '' have long been accounted for and decided that none of them are a significant threat . 
  yes , let 's post the video about us electronic election that had zero similarities to estonian online voting . 
  for fuck sake . . stop it . . 
  i mean , if they have no money to pay for food or housing then sure , but if they do , why would n't they have to ? 
  what does it matter ? 
  is it somehow different if british money goes to france and french money goes to britain ? 
  it 's absolutely irrelevant , it 's a stupid question in the first place , the only thing that matters is that britain is a net contributor , if britain was n't in the eu , it could pay that money itself and have some left over . 
  uk is a net contributor to eu funds , so yes . 
   also , as the minister stated , sweden 's case is very strong . 
  it has taken a lot of refugees per capita , the most in oecd by far . 
  you can say that it 's sweden 's problem etc etc , but in reality , we all know there 's only one leader in the eu that matters and that 's merkel . 
  guess which side she will come down on ? 
  i think you taking so many and offering these ridiculously good conditions in addition to stuff like promising to give all syrians permanent residence is what 's also largely drawing the crowds to europe . 
  anyway , quotas will never work , it 's pretty simple really , migrants do n't want to get placed in eastern europe and eastern europe does n't want any migrants . 
  this is madness . 
  in the article the only example was with a christian , nowhere does it say that which religion does it the most . 
  no need , because you ca n't do one tenth of the damage with a sword that you could do with a gun . 
  that 's exactly the problem , you 're unwilling to do anything yourself , but you want the state , the collective , the entirety of german people , to do something , while most of them do n't want to . 
  you 're unwilling to take any responsibility , to show any initiative but you 're willing to push this responsibility to the majority who do n't want it . 
  people like you are the reason why this entire thing is going to shit at the moment . 
  absolutely no contribution to help with the problem , probably no idea about the background of this problem , but from your comfy home without any asylum centers anywhere near by , you advocate to increase this problem . 
  either take some refugees in , to help , or shut your mouth . 
  you have no right to advocate for accepting more , if you do n't . 
  so you 're not willing to help yourself ? 
  why do you force others to ? 
  you could take in 1-2 refugees , what 's the problem ? 
  your words mean nothing before you 've actually taken some refugees to your home . 
  well it would n't really make sense for finns to call us slow , since the reason for that stereotype is how our language sounds to outsiders and their language would definitely sound the same in that regard . 
  no , they do n't all of a sudden become far-right extremists , they watch many aspects of their formerly amazing country fall to disrepair and finally have enough . 
  does n't mean what they 're doing is right , but it 's not hard to see where they 're coming from . 
   at least the refugees can adapt to european values and embrace them , those scumbags have clearly already rejected them . 
  yeah , except before the hordes of migrants none of these issues existed , and everybody got on rather well . 
  similar to current day japan . 
  [ many ingrian finns , including mixed families , who moved to finland did not speak any language other than russian and in many cases they still identify themselves as russians . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ingrian_finns ) ehh , maybe you 're right and they 're a lost cause . . 
  lithuania has more money than latvia . 
  you missed the word `` of '' in the title . 
  the fear is that there would be millions of turks immigrating to eu if there are less controls . 
  estonia and finland could offer to take those people in . . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estcube-1 eesti can into * fucking everywhere * !, 
  just try us bruv . 
  how many refugees could this sum feed and house in jordan or turkey , dozens ? 
  maybe more than a 100 ? 
   laws of western countries are based to some extent on the bible . 
  like what laws ? 
  fences , so hot right now !, 
  why do schools have to pander to certain religions ? 
  france after all is a secular state . 
  there are plenty of ways to skirt paying minimum wage . 
  does that apply to `` refugees '' ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   which transports them to germany . 
  i really love this fucking union . 
  why would you be mad at that ? 
  according to you the refugees should be great , the hungarians and austrians are just dumb not to recognize the treasure they gave away . 
   it will be totally different from the xenophobic racist hungarian nazifence , no worries !, 
  and you can bet your ass that this is the narrative the major media outlets are going to run with . 
  or maybe guardian will find a way to pin this on the hungarians as well . 
  basically unlimited , with the population boom in africa their population is growing faster than the number of migrants entering eu . 
  the only way this will ever end is for europe to just stop accepting migrants , there will always be an increasing number of people coming otherwise . 
  i think that reality is still up to 10 years away , though . 
  http://www.thelocal.dk/20150622/refugee-children-in-denmark-found-to-be-adults there are an abundance of articles on this . 
   secondly the level of detail is surprising , you can basically zoom in onto house level . 
  edit : turns out the dots info is only accurate up to 1x1km square . 
  inside the squares dots are placed at random . 
  yeah , i saw a red dot next to my house and thought that i do n't think my neighbor is russian . 
  it has been found time and time again that over 50 % claiming to be children are actually adults , because it makes the asylum process easier for them , but sweden does n't do age tests , so they just take their word for it . 
  no rational person is in any way against animal dissection , be it a frog or a lion . 
  humans get dissected as well and quite publicly in universities on the medical field . 
  i ca n't begin to imagine what arguments could be against this ? 
  the feels crowd at it again ? 
  awesome ... 
  that title is wtf ? 
  estonia has two cables to finland , estlink and estlink 2 , for a while now , we 're in no isolation . 
  corporations lobbying for cheap labor and funding the feels before reals crowd . 
  you 're from montenegro ? 
  that 's a shock . 
  yeah , but it 's not shopping , it 's medical attention . 
  the proof is that the amount is too large for any single person to consume before the alcohol expires . 
  he had a chance to defend himself in court , he could not provide a reasonable explanation , the fact that they let him keep 3600l is already pretty nice of them . 
  i usually see the finnish tourists with cases of beer and cider , rarely is it hard liquor . 
  the key here is ` personal use ' , he ca n't import for resale . 
  by the time the tunnel is finished alcohol will cost the same here . 
  they 're heavily raising the excises every year .
