  well , if you consider cold war ussr and america , the inequality in us was obviously worse , but people in us were way better off . 
  slovenia has an insane minimum wage considering their gdp , ( probably one of the highest in the developed world in relation to their gdp per capita ? ) . 
  so my question is , how has it affected slovenia ? 
  cmon guys , stop playing around . 
  time to join romania ? 
   br\u00c5 has done multiple studies about ethnicity and sexual violence sauce pls ? 
  you seem to not understand how polls work . 
  they can usually only speak their native language and english , so this is probably the most important factor for wanting to get to britain . 
  uk also has higher salaries and is richer than most of main-land europe . 
  it just so happens , that most of what you 're saying portrays lithuania in a bad light ? 
  this is akin to saying that `` we have a problem , reindeer are going extinct , i know !, 
  we 'll import moose to replace them ! '', 
  reindeer will still go extinct , you 'll just have moose instead . 
  the problem we 're having is that people are forced to choose between having a decent standard of living or having children . 
  this should n't be the case , the state should take a more active role to support people having children , so they would n't have to choose between those two . 
   poland then stopped thinking of commonwealth since russians raised lithuanian fake nationalism on denying and destroying everything what is polish . 
  we stopped being freind only because of lithuania and they need to apologize . 
   lithuania and latvia were the most prosperous soviet republics before 1990 , their gdp per capita was almost double as russian ssr , many of russians were settled there and working , living . 
  after 1990 when those countries received independence there was huge economical decline and many of russians moved from there due to lack of job and prosperity . 
  economy started to grow from mid 90 's but it did n't stop the emigration . 
  in 2004 when those countries joined eu thousands emigrated to west europe . 
  also very low natural growth and quite old population does n't help . 
  population of those countries will futher decline . 
   wilno/lithuania is a cool topic to discuss . 
  because it seems that even lithuanians do n't know much about their country . 
  well years of soviet rule . 
  it 's a young nation anyway . 
  they must see their ups and downs , not always ups as they want to present now . 
  young nation needs to grow up a bit . 
  etc , sure thing buddy . 
  well , sorry if i take your anecdote with a grain of salt , since you seem to have some sort of a personal gripe against baltic countries . 
  yeah , i addressed this . 
  crime does n't only consist of murder and murders in estonia mostly are n't crime related . 
   extreme right wing party are they an `` extreme right wing party '' because of their stance on immigration ? 
  or why ? 
  there are many parties in eu that have similar stance toward immigration , but are n't called `` extreme right wing '' . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf lowest burglary rates in oecd , 3x lower as second last . 
  second lowest assaults in oecd . 
  fifth lowest car theft . 
  these are 2012 statistics , since then our murder rate has dropped 50 % and everything else as well . 
  the murders are almost exclusively old a-social drunks stabbing each other at apartment parties , a relic from the soviet era that will phase out as the older generation dies off . 
  nothing that really affects the general public . 
  most of the rest of the crime is concentrated in `` ida-virumaa '' which is a majority russian area . 
  overall , i 'd say most of estonia is one of the safest places in the world crime wise . 
  so yes , i would say estonia has low crime . 
  this is really bizarre , i had no idea there was much support for death penalty here . 
  especially considering how low crime is here . 
  i 'm hoping it 's a fluke . 
  just curious , are they considered `` center right '' or `` center left '' just because of their stance on immigration ? 
  overall norway feels like a very left-wing country . 
  or are there more things that differentiate the two ? 
   in more racist subs like r/sweden kek, 
   anyhow , it made me research stuff like the ecthr 's sanction system or the dublin regulations in detail , so i might have actually learned something . 
  how about a tl ; dr ? 
  there are two things in play here . 
  first of all , the chances of someone robbing a store with a gun in finland are minuscule , while in america they 're pretty high . 
  secondly , the thieves would 've gotten off pretty much scot-free in finland , because petty theft carries very small punishment in finland , but in us , they 'd land in jail if they did it repeatedly . 
  so taken that into consideration , i think she acted appropriately . 
  can someone explain why norway and sweden are going in such different directions in these matters ? 
  what ? 
  i mean i do n't really even care , but if a thing is made entirely in one country , entirely by the nationals of that country , entirely based on their ideas , then i consider it made in that country . 
  even though the money guys are from another country . 
  sure , but there are tons of countries with a lot of money . 
  there are n't tons of countries where people come up with ideas this good and are capable of realizing them . 
  programming was all done by estonians . 
  so in the end , it would be easier to replace uk in that equation , than to replace estonia . 
  it 's not exactly that bleak either , transferwise is still run by estonians who probably own a lot of the stock . 
  both created a lot of jobs in estonia , and the estonian coders got a lot of money off selling skype . 
  yes , uk is the only country in the world that has money . 
  you are right ... 
  it 's not only the idea , but also all the work to make it happen , capital came from elsewhere , but that 's hardly what really matters . 
  transferwise founders are both estonians , offices in tallinn , new york and london . 
  skype authors are both estonians . 
  these ideas were realized by estonians , who spent their life in estonia and had an estonian education . 
  so i think we deserve the most credit here . 
  they might have gotten the capital from other people and headquartered somewhere more convenient , but all the key work was done by estonians who live in estonia . 
  transferwise uk and skype sweden , both are more estonian than those . 
   which europe bombed europe did n't bomb anything , some european countries did . 
  the individual country pages have tons of information and tons of sources . 
  i think we should reject all asylum claims where the refugees either passed through safe areas or where they had a safe area closer and easier to get to than europe . 
  if we could remove all the economic migrants the refugee numbers would shrink to manageable numbers and i would n't be against accepting them . 
  also we could then direct more money to help out the large number of internally displaced refugees and refugees in countries next to the conflict zones , where the real refugees are . 
  the ones who ca n't spend thousands of euros to give to smugglers and do n't comprise of only young men . 
  prostitution is legal ( or to better put it , it is n't illegal , but it 's not a recognized occupation ) , but organized prostitution is illegal . 
  it is n't really publicly talked about , so i 'm guessing it 's not a huge issue here . 
  i think government ca n't do much differently , maybe crack down on underage prostitution more . 
  we definitely ca n't legalize it fully , since we do n't want sex tourism , maybe if scandinavia and the baltics all did it at once . 
  what stormfronters ? 
   you 're only in a position to be a net contributor because of how much eu has invested in the country in the past . 
  that 's not exactly true , estonia showed incredible growth even before joining eu , but of course it has helped , but that 's the point anyway , is n't it ? 
  you invest some development funds for a short while and you 'll be receiving back for a long while afterwards . 
  it 's an investment , and estonia has clearly paid off . 
   eu and nato are separate entities . 
  nato or no nato , we are still obligated to defend you , because an attack on estonia qualifies as a violation of eu territory . 
  you might expect that us will keep you safe , but the eu has to operate on the assumption that it will have to defend its own territory . 
  most eu countries are members of nato , so they 'd have to defend us with or without eu . 
   do n't you realize that you 're only a member because of people like me , who believed in a european project and supported constant eu expansion ? 
  it 's funny how you forget that now that you 've progressed economically and socially . 
  there were a lot of people opposed to the eastern expansion back in the day , and they had very , very good arguments -- the same kind of utilitarian arguments you 're using today . 
  i do n't .
