  south-africa is pretty liberal , no ? 
   it will only make it more likely that people will have children of mixed origin in the future . 
  that 's the entire problem , people ** wo n't ** have children of mixed origin , even in a country like usa which has been been multicultural for a very long time , interracial marriages are very rare . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interracial_marriage_in_the_united_states#census_bureau_statistics for estonia , a country that has no experience with third world migrants and third world migrants who have no experience of our culture these numbers would be much much more onesided . 
  so no , you wo n't have `` korean-turk-cherokee-estonian '' children , you 'll have turk and african children while estonians slowly disappear . 
  the problem with you is that you live in a fantasy world , some of these ideas you have might seem good on paper , but real life has proven time and time again , that it does n't work . 
  it 's time to take a step in reality . 
  why not just take a boat to africa right away ? 
   i 'm saying there 's something wrong when that 's one of the priority concerns that shapes opinion on policies that run a country . 
  survival should n't be a priority ? 
  what ? 
  i 've played around with pepper spray a bit , if you use it indoors everybody will be coughing in the general area , but if you do n't get hit directly , it 's not that bad . 
  you can still function fine . 
   boogeyman the media throws at them i 'd say the media is more towards accepting refugees than not , so not really some media boogeyman . 
   greeks and italians are the exceptions to that as well , since their countries are the most economically stressed ones so which is it ? 
  most people care about keeping their country as ethnically clean as possible or only the countries that are n't as economically stressed as italy and greece have such people ? 
   did n't you admit the other day that your main concern when it comes to demographic trends was that the ethnic estonians are going to die out ? 
  those are two entirely different things , having immigrants in a country does n't stop you from trying to boost the native population as well . 
  you can have both . 
  or are you saying there 's something wrong about not wanting your people to die out ? 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/chapter-3-most-support-limiting-immigration/ so all these people are racist who want to keep their country as ethnically clean as possible ? 
  86 % of greeks are racist ? 
  you 're just as batshit insane as the racists you oppose . 
  some countries could do with uncontrolled expansion , estonia should increase its native population at least 4 times . 
  does n't really seem like a good idea . 
  what would they have to offer ? 
  they would n't be able to produce any part of the phone at a price nowhere near what 's coming out of china . 
  what would be nokia 's competitive advantage in today 's mobile phone market ? 
  cool , did that happen in estonia or before coming here ? 
  i mean becoming less religious . 
  and alcohol ? 
  you are not religious ? 
  i 'm not saying absolutely everybody loves pork the best , there are always people who do n't , i 'm just saying that for the majority of people , pork is their favorite . 
  in its own category ? 
  maybe . 
  we 're talking about meats though , from all the meats available pork is the most popular , although there is access to many other meats in the same price category . 
  there 's a reason for that , the reason is that it tastes the best . 
  i do n't understand why you 're even arguing with me , because i 'm guessing you 've never had pork . 
  neither , people get drunk because it 's fun and most develop a taste for beer later . 
  yes , it 's not , that 's why it 's the most popular meat item all over the western-world . 
  although we 're free to eat anything we like . 
  spanish articles are fine , we all know how to use google translate , but you could summarize them in english , if you want to gain more traction and you are willing to put in the effort . 
   i do n't like the taste of beer . 
  i 'll tell you a secret , nobody likes the taste of beer at first , it 's an acquired taste . 
  most people start off drinking beer to get drunk when they 're young , not enjoying the taste , though . 
  later on you actually start to enjoy beer . 
   but definitely not from supermarket meat . 
  i honestly doubt there 's any real chance of getting some disease from supermarket meat . 
  there are rigorous health codes to be followed and i 'm sure supermarkets in germany mostly do . 
  there are many different kinds of mental health issues , some of them are completely safe , some are pretty dangerous . 
  you ca n't commit such an attack while being mentally sound , the fact that he did already means that there 's something mentally wrong with him . 
   discussing immigration is always racially motivated , on some level what do you mean ? 
  maybe if you added some sources and put a bit more effort into detailing the problem , you 'd actually get people to discuss this . 
  mentally sound people do n't commit such attacks . 
   especially when it comes to alcohol ah man ... 
  okay , okay . 
  but you ca n't say that there are n't people in serbia benefiting from trafficking migrants . 
  i was just curious if that might have had any effect on the decision of not closing borders . 
  it 's sad that such a giant on the mobile phone market was mismanaged into oblivion . 
  i wonder how many people in serbia are making money off of smuggling migrants into eu . 
  it 's because he has a mental disorder and guns are too readily available in the us . 
  nothing to really see here , there will always be people with mental disorders , there 's not much you can do about it , except restrict people like that getting their hands on weapons . 
  honestly , i would 've guessed turkey already had visa free travel to eu , because they 're in nato and they have generally had pretty close ties to eu . 
  i guess it 's because eu wants to restrict immigration from turkey . 
  you 're confusing two things , smell-sensors contribute to tasting stuff , so people who ca n't smell feel less flavor also . 
  this does n't mean that you ca n't get vastly different sensations from smelling a thing and tasting a thing . 
  things that smell bad but taste good : milk , boiled eggs , a lot of cheeses . 
  things that smell good but taste bad : cotton candy , plain coffee , plain popcorn . 
  of course people have different tastes , so these particular things might not hold true for everyone , but there 's always something that works this way . 
  i wonder , what 's the motivation for turkey in stopping these migrants ? 
  would n't it be more beneficial to them to just turn a blind-eye ? 
  it 's not , there are a lot of things that smell good but taste very poorly as there are things that smell very poorly but taste great . 
  well , smell is n't a very good indicator of taste anyway , i think you 're missing out , but to each his own i guess . 
  fish smells better than pork ? 
  it seems bizarre to me that even mentioning immigration in a non-positive light , you 're automatically a right-winger . 
  why ? 
  i 'd bet most of the users on / r/sweden are strongly left leaning on most issues except one . 
  how would you know ? 
  have you eaten pork ? 
  except pork is the best tasting meat . 
   / r/sweden are by all accounts more to the right of the average citizen in those countries on what issues ? 
  he could 've worded himself better , but he 's not exactly wrong . 
  most immigrants are economic migrants , who either do n't come from active conflict zones or if they do , they either pass through safe areas on their trip to eu or head for eu while there are safe areas much closer and easier to get to . 
  russia hardly gets mentioned in estonian media lately . 
  we feel rather confident and have just stopped paying attention to all the ridiculous statements and propaganda coming from russia . 
  what ? 
  he is not talking about american immigrants , he 's talking about becoming similar to america . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11209234/immigration-from-outside-europe-cost-120-billion.html uk has lost 120 billion pounds on migration from outside of europe . 
   finland 's best security guarantee is to remain neutral . 
  top kek , you guys are n't gon na fall for that , are you ? 
  like russia has ever given a damn about if you want to remain neutral or not . 
  america probably had a few things going for it yes , but the difference was insane , it has a lot to do with soviet communism just being inferior to capitalism as well . 
  that sounds kinda sad , but obviously i do n't know a lot about moldova-romania relations , so yeah , whatever works for you i guess . 
  what if moldova seceded those areas ? 
  yeah , but some of the other countries around you had even greater growth . 
  i 'd be interested in some more metrics , to illustrate if it 's a good idea or not . 
  honestly though , you do n't feel any kinship to moldovans ? 
  i could n't picture other estonians in a poverty stricken country separated from us . 
  because they 're basically your people ? 
  western and eastern germany joining was much harder , but was done still .
