  you ca n't get more of a putinbot than that . 
  if all you post is russian propaganda , then there 's really not much to prove left . 
  do you think your finnish flag is fooling anyone ? 
  1 ) the other party has to be professional to communicate professionally , sadly rt does n't even try , so why bother on his side . 
  2 ) that 's a rant ? 
  calling it a `` putin 's regime propaganda channel '' is a rant ? 
  guy is just being honest . 
   extremely rude and delirous not only to a channel ( which may or may not deserve it ) , but also to a country . 
  i think he was rather polite about it , if a channel masked as a news service knowingly spreads falsehoods and propaganda and they 're entirely unapologetic about it when called out , you do n't treat it as a legitimate news service and give it interviews or responses . 
  that would only be validating it , russia can play their propaganda games , we will not be a part of it . 
  the polite part was that instead of flat out ignoring rt , they atleast said that they wo n't communicate with rt and explained why . 
  which is pretty reasonable in my view . 
  please explain how it is unprofessional or immature ? 
  he just said that they wo n't communicate with rt and explained why . 
  seems pretty professional to me . 
  no we 're not . 
  that would be rather pathetic , to change your flag so you can belong to a pretty insignificant club . 
  what matters to us is our public perception , we will have the image of a nordic country eventually anyway . 
  we 'd never !, 
  why would they tweet the response ? 
  it only makes them seem worse , that they 're such a shitty news service that a press officer does n't even want to respond to them . 
  there are bigger political , economical and cultural differences between the baltic states than most people realize . 
  not to mention that you 'll be hard pressed to find any estonians who can speak latvia or lithuanian , our language is n't even remotely similar to them . 
  should the eu collapse , would we be interested in an union with them ? 
  absolutely , free trade , open borders and cooperation of military by all means , but a `` super state '' would be pretty meaningless . 
  in what way would that improve anything though ? 
  it 's pretty much the same deal as calling finland scandinavia , it 's wrong , but people mistake it so often that it has become somewhat normal . 
  it 's still wrong though . 
  `` thefreedictionary '' a fine academic source ` of course ' , has it wrong . 
  i already posted this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts balts are an ethno-linguistic group , separate from estonia . 
  it 's spectacular when you have an aging population and low population density . 
  yes , all of those are correct , `` balts '' is n't . 
  estonians are n't balts , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts . 
  because how can we trust them with something as important as our defense if they 're unwilling to even do their part in nato . 
  they would probably manage to take the cities inside a few weeks , but they 'd keep taking heavy casualties from guerrilla warfare for months even without any nato help . 
  occupying crimea was easy , occupying estonia would be anything but . 
  we 'd lose , but the point is to make it more trouble than it 's worth . 
  what 's the expected answer here ? 
  indefinitely ? 
  estonia obviously ca n't win a war against russia alone and never will , no matter how much money we spend of defense . 
  it 's 1.3 million people versus over 120 million . 
  estonia does have a formidable army for its size , trained mostly in having a russian invasion in mind , to survive in the forests for a very long time and do tactical strikes and guerrilla warfare . 
  we could cause a lot of trouble for an occupying force , much more than occupying estonia would be worth . 
  this question is so dumb it does n't even deserve an answer . 
  you keep outdoing yourself / u/vertikal19, 
  also 1/4 less than india , good job . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that comparison is meaningless if you do n't account for the population size and gdp . 
  alright , buddy . . 
  that would be the most stupid thing ever , owning a single fighter jet , with that money , you could buy a ton of weapons capable of shooting down fighter jets . 
  a single f-35 costs around 100 million dollars . 
  you could buy weapons to shoot down dozens with the same amount , which is what estonia is investing in . 
  not to mention all the costs involved in training personnel and maintaining it for the operation of a single fighter air craft . 
  but you obviously have no idea what you 're talking about , so i do n't know why i 'm even bothering . 
  you seem to not understand what `` compared to our size '' means . 
  we have a population of 1.3 million people . 
  we have 200 000 + conscripts , that have done army training and who we can supply uniforms , weapons and food with . 
  we have a decent amount of mortars , anti-tank weapons and anti-aircraft weapons . 
  estonian soldiers have won many war games and we host some of the most difficult war games in the world . 
  for our size , we are plenty powerful , obviously you have a hard time comparing us to a population of 350 million or 120 million , but we 're ready to do our part and more . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  estonia is one of the few nato countries that spends the required 2 % of gdp on defense and has for a long time now , in addition we have conscription , estonia has one of the best defense capabilities in the world compared to our size . 
  also a double fuck off , [ 58 % of germans say they do n't want to defend the baltics in case of russian agression ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/opinion-a-slap-in-the-face-for-east-europeans-and-americans/a-18509284 ) , members of nato and eu . 
  these are the guys we should trust our safety with ? 
  germany can fuck right off until they spend the 2 % of gdp they 're supposed to for being a member of nato . 
  then talk about an european army . 
  have you guys tried more multiculturalism ? 
  maybe that 'll fix your problems . 
  it 's funny though , the users from countries who score low are downvoting this , although this is said to be more accurate than tpi and charts usually get a lot a of upvotes . 
  [ graph is from this article ] ( http://www.voxeurop.eu/en/content/article/5039400-multi-speed-europe ) [ based on a study done by anticorrp ] ( https://www.government.nl/binaries/government/documents/reports/2016/01/18/public-integrity-and-trust-in-europe/hertie-2015-public-integrity-and-trust-in-europe-final.pdf ) which compares six areas : administrative burden , trade barriers , transparency , auditing standards , judicial independence and civic engagement . 
  how am i going to piss without a changing table ? 
  god damn , sweden has gone down the drain . . 
   it 's leaders were primarily atheistic , schools taught atheism and religion albeit `` allowed '' was in practice oppressed violently . 
  atheism was fundamentally a part of communism and i maintain that . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trhczvtmbwe  the very fact that there are large groups of atheists like yourself and others on reddit who actively advocate for the active forceful suppression of the notion of `` god '' in society is very concerning . 
  i do n't really care about the notion of `` god '' but organized religion . 
   however the only thing that replaces the notion ends up being the state and that as we have seen countless times through history has terrible consequences . 
  also estonia is hardly the ideal example of a good atheist society , it is in the process of self-extermination . 
  what ? 
  estonia is one of the least religious former soviet block countries and currently one of the most successful of the bunch . 
  state has n't replaced anything . 
  communism was n't based on `` fundamental atheism '' , although i would say , that out of the few things soviet union got right was suppressing religion . 
  estonia went from ~ 95 % religious in the 30 's to a majority atheist country now where religion plays absolutely no role in public life and politics . 
  which is great . 
  it 's a brilliant way to protest against special status given to religion and in my opinion , very welcome . 
  this `` fake religion '' is no more fake than islam , christianity , etc. 
  i 'm not sure i agree , although it 's obviously in europe 's best interest to have as few people following islam as possible . 
  ( and also christianity , although christianity causes less problems ) . 
  i think the best first step would be to drop all legislation elevating religion above ideology . 
  if people and businesses are allowed to discriminate based on ideology , then the same should be the case for religion . 
  if someone can get prosecuted for following/promoting a certain ideology under hate speech laws , the same treatment should extend to religious followers who spout the same garbage under the umbrella of it being their religion . 
  also instead of banning religion , we should rather promote people leaving religion and offer support to those who do . 
  many people want to leave a religion , but it 's often like getting out of an abusive relationship , your family and friends turn against you and might even hurt you . 
  this is something the state should try to actively prevent . 
   give me an example . 
  the budapest memorandum ( which is what i assume you 're referring to ) is certainly not a treaty , which is a common misconception , its actually equivalent to a promise , with no legal binding . 
  the entire history of russia is breaking one agreement after another . 
  you could find a thousand of examples of this . 
  this is one the estonians care most about -  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_tartu_ ( russian % e2 % 80 % 93estonian ), 
  the problem is that the parties do very little to discourage such behavior , which makes it look like they condone it .
