  ** the cultural level is rather high , nearly the same as in the better known scandinavian states . 
  ** can into nordic . 
  dat hannibal tho !, 
  i was rather surprised , i guess it 's our health care getting better . 
  if we 'd cut down on the alcohol consumption as well , i think it would really rise even more . 
  also there 's the issue of the hiv positive ethnic russians , got ta do something there as well . 
  children are generally a few years apart , they wo n't be really watching over each other , toys and clothes are probably one of the most inconsequential things about having children . 
  the biggest things people usually worry about , you have to go through with each child , yet people generally do n't stop at one . 
   i do n't have aspergers you retard kek, 
  i think it is n't as bad as a lot of people without children think it is , why else would almost all people who have had one child have another . 
  so it 's a bad idea because some people have aspergers ? 
  this is a pretty ridiculous point you 're trying to make . 
  i think if you 'll pay for the whole procedure yourself it should be optional , but if the state is paying for it , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to go through some counselling , it ca n't hurt , can it ? 
  it 's not like the counselling is trying to convince you not to have an abortion , but just talk things through . 
  yeah , really . 
  i think the amount of people in an open relationship is minuscule at best . 
  obviously to destroy britain 's export industry . 
  well uk does n't count right ? 
  because that would be too easy . 
  i 'd probably vote `` intouchables ( 2011 ) '' from france , but that feels like cheating too , since it 's such a well known movie . 
  honestly , i have n't really watched many movies that are n't in english . 
  they should ban soviet communist symbols as well then , it 's kinda ridiculous to just ban one evil , but not the other . 
   i absolutely was/am . 
  my point is that i 'm allowed to get emotional , and you should n't chastise me for it , when you provoked an emotional response in the first place . 
  i am sorry if i did , but usually when people get emotional rational discourse flies out the window and it 's in no ones interest to continue having it . 
  anyway , i guess whatever works for you , if the french people like it how it is , then all the power to you . 
   that 's the basic assumption you 're making which is ultimately wrong in many cases . 
  i bet the taxy drivers who protested against uber were just really concerned about how much uber drivers earn or if the drivers are qualified to operate vehicles , losing their job never came up . 
   you make claims against french society . 
  i argue against your claims . 
  your answer is that i 'm getting too emotional about it . 
  then argue against them , not start with bullshit like this :  if you just take everything the government tells you to do after an election . 
  apparently , the opposite is so awful for you . 
  hey , if that 's your thing , who am i to complain ? 
  actually , i do n't . 
  i do n't give a shit about what your people do . 
  you 're the one shitting on my people when they exercise their rights ... 
  if that 's not `` emotional '' , than i do n't know what is . 
  and it 's pointless discussing with someone who starts taking it personally , it 's like arguing with someone who starts yelling . 
  i rather not . 
  * but okay , i 'll give it another shot *  the french people who 's jobs depend on these issues protest when there 's a law change . 
  are you saying that 's a bad thing ? 
  do people in your country just suck it up without saying anything ? 
  are you saying that 's better ? 
  to be apathetic ? 
  in the grand scheme of things ? 
  yes it 's bad , especially if they succeed . 
  resisting progress or more efficiency to save jobs is a bad thing . 
  if we did that , we 'd still have switchboard operators and lamplighters etc. 
  you 're taking this way too personally , when i already stated that i 'm not claiming i 'm right , because i 'm not french and i do n't know that much about france , i was just looking to discuss it . 
  no reason to get your panties in a bunch . . 
  well that 's a bit unfair , but i 'd rather not get into a discussion about uber here , it was just one example . 
  except bestonia . 
  where did i say anything about foreign policy ? 
  i said `` french policy '' , your laws and stuff . 
  in my opinion , protests are often small vocal minorities that want to push an agenda that 's good for them , but probably not so good for the majority of the public . 
  does banning uber make the life of an average frenchman better or worse ? 
  does plain cigarette packaging have a positive effect on the health of french people or not ? 
  do farming subsidizes help the french people , or is it just spending money to help a small group of people , instead of spending it on the whole public ? 
  etc , etc , etc. 
  most of these protest do n't seem to be about issues of liberty , democracy and hard issues , but rather people trying to `` defend their turf '' . 
  if french government listens to these vocal minorities who make a big fuzz , it seems to me like it 's going backwards instead . 
  ( although , again , i 'm not * that * familiar with french politics , so i might be getting it all wrong , just saying how it often seems to me ), 
  is n't voting booths where you should be doing that ? 
  by electing people who represent your interests . 
  i mean , i ca n't see how or where french policy is objectively better than most other eu members , where they do n't protest so much . 
  okay , i get your point . 
  it 's just that of what i 've heard , it seems like there 's a rather thin line between the two and a protest pretty often leads to destruction of property as well in france . 
  i could be entirely wrong here , and i probably am , but that 's just the image i 've gotten of france , that there are always protests and riots going on . 
  yeah , but it often is . 
  just noting that it 's bizarre to me how many protests and riots happen in france , while they almost never happen here , we 've had like 1 serious protest in 24 years and that were ethnic russians protesting against the moving of a wwii symbol . 
  they never built the shield , so how could they lie about the reasons ? 
  they 're just starting now and they 're pretty honest on what it 's for . 
  alright , if you say so . 
  i do n't know much about french politics . 
  does it work really ? 
  but they have n't built anything yet , they 're just starting to and they 're pretty honest about it . 
  so where are the lies ? 
  i did n't call you retarded , i said the joke he made about your dictator was less retarded than your initial post . 
  what media do you follow then , russian which is even worse ? 
  the french are weird with all of this protesting and destroying or damaging public and private property . 
  you guys need to take a chill pill . 
  is this really what you consider a serious comment ? 
   so everything usa has been saying for many years was lie . 
  suddenly !, 
   it 's not that your country is retarded , but you 're living under a dictatorship , with minimal press freedom , so many of your opinions are most likely the result of propaganda , not based on real facts . 
  9x report top for intentional feed ? 
  are you joking ? 
  because your country is the reason why you commented like that . 
  well if we 're being honest , it 's less retarded than yours . 
  if people do n't go to the doctor , how would they themselves know they have it ? 
  healthcare is free here , so if you 're not a fan of dying , it 's a pretty good idea to go . 
  the study says that the official statistic as of the end of 2008 is 6909 , but the total number could be about 11 000 , which it cites another study on . 
  this study says they collected data in 3 different hospitals , in the regions where about 90 % of hiv cases are from . 
  ( i do n't think there are more than one hospital in any region , it 's usually one big hospital per region , could be wrong tho ) . 
  they questioned 449 people . 
  the fun fact is that it 's very unlikely to catch hiv from vaginal intercourse , estimated at 1:500 or even as low as 1:2000 . 
  the main way hiv spreads is sharing needles and anal sex . 
  yeah , it 's a worse socioeconomic position , which leads to crime and drug use . 
  the worse socioeconomic position stems from refusing to learn the estonian language and therefor not having access to a big part of higher education and work field .
