  this reminds me of a story my grandfather told me about estonia during the soviet occupation . 
  he was a police chief and he had a policy of promoting traffic cops after they 've been on the job for 5 years and they always tried their hardest to wiggle out of the promotion , since it was a bribe goldmine . 
  we supported usa , we did n't really care about the countries , since our contribution was barely worth mentioning anyway . 
  the war would 've taken place with or without us with exactly the same outcomes , hard to blame us for trying to catch some brownie points and a bit of experience . 
  if only we did n't send those 2 men there for mostly ( or entirely ? ), 
  non-offensive support everything would be alright ? 
  how about we do n't let them enter international waters ? 
  we can set up shop right where turkish waters end and just not let any migrant boat out of it , there 's nothing turkey can complain about then . 
  what 's so bad about `` fracturing of the country '' ? 
  if they 'd be a separate country , they 'd still most likely be in eu , have schengen and good relations with spain . 
  so what 's wrong with giving them more self determination ? 
  better pay turkey 3 billion euros than actually start enforcing our own borders ... 
   all european countries have had a hand in creating the problem . 
  how has estonia had a hand in creating this problem ? 
  it actually is , water does n't kill bacteria but it removes a lot of it still . 
  also , soap does not kill viruses ( unless it 's some special anti-viral soap ) , but washing your hands thoroughly removes most of them . 
  you 're still not getting it , the fallacy is that it raises the gdp , but without any net benefit . 
  it 's meant to show that gdp rising might be deceptive in certain situations . 
  yes , right now , the majority are against taking in refugees/migrants . 
  it is n't ? 
  i thought that was exactly what democracy was , that the state follows the will of the people . 
  i could understand in this case , that with representative democracy the state can decide if the margins are so close , but when 2/3 of your people are against family reunification and the state does n't care , then there 's something obviously wrong . 
   the survey showed the majority are in favour of taking in refugees no it did not . 
  still the people who are against accepting migrants outnumber the people who are n't in every category . 
  sadly the french government and brussels do n't seem to care . 
  i got really confused there , thinking of why an estonian would say that , your flair is indistinguishable from the estonian flag on a big monitor with a high resolution . 
  i had to really zoom in to get it . 
  come on , that 's absolutely hilarious . 
  is that really true ? 
  looks exactly like the gps 's my dad used like 10-15 years ago for fishing and those were n't top grade stuff . 
  the number of violent-jihadist might be small now , but the number of muslims in europe who agree with them is frightening . 
  only counting people who have thus far picked up a gun is misleading in the bigger picture . 
  yeah , and that 's why you should n't even give those arguments the light of day , you 'll drag yourself off from the point to arguing something that 's entirely irrelevant to the situation at hand . 
  turkey could have violently annexed that land and killed every man , woman and child there and it still would n't be a relevant fact to mention in these circumstances . 
  that 's how the putinbots get you . 
  it does n't really matter how it joined turkey , but that it 's internationally recognized as turkish soil . 
  there 's no scenario where the russians could 've thought that it is n't turkish soil . 
  they 're really starting to hurt themselves more with these `` embargoes '' than the recipients . 
  russia stops being seen as a stable trade partner and they 'll lose investments , trade etc. 
  estonia for a long time has moved towards having as little to do with russia as possible , because they do this stuff every few years . 
  and they could pretty much afford to do this with the baltics , although russian gdp is only about 12 times bigger than the baltics combined , which is somewhat of a significant market still. , but they ca n't afford to do this with many more countries without going to a permanent decline where nobody really wants to do business with them . 
  how is northern cyprus relevant to this ? 
  it most definitely is , but that figure alone was enough to show that / u/slyratchet 's statement was objectively wrong . 
  how is this relevant though ? 
  russia does n't use syrian maps , russia knows full well that the area is controlled , administered and globally recognized ( - syria ) as turkish clay including by russia itself . 
  how far does this logic extend to ? 
  what if they left 20 second later or 2 minutes later ? 
  20 minutes later ? 
  it does n't matter how long the incursion was , if they entered foreign airspace illegally and did n't care for the warnings not to , then they got what they deserved . 
  there have to be rules . 
   it 's taken this $ 100b wahhabism campaign in order to get a few hundred extremist out of europe 's muslim population of around 60 million muslims . 
  few hundred ? 
  there have been [ more than 6000 people who went from europe to fight for isis alone ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/syria-over-6000-europeans-fighting-isis-other-jihadist-groups-1496058 ) and i guess the rest of it depends how you define extremism , but to me a person who believes in death penalty for homosexuals and apostates or has sympathies for terror groups are extremist and the number of those people in europe is in several millions . 
  but saying `` few hundred '' is completely false whatever which way you look at it . 
  this is really interesting , i would 've expected a much bigger divide between estonia and finland . 
  although finns do make up almost 30 % of the tourists estonia gets . 
  http://lmgtfy.com/?q=europe+poll+immigration there have been literally dozens posted on this sub alone . 
  in the sense that they 're against immigration , no . 
  they are n't picking one group over another . 
  if they 'd want to deport all people who are n't `` true czechs '' , that would be discrimination . 
  most people in czech republic who believe `` czech land for the czech people '' are n't aligned to xenophobic or neo-nazi groups . 
   furthermore there is a large difference between `` my house my family '' which is an entirely private issue ( as you yourself own your house ) versus `` czech for czechs '' which is a nation in a larger european framework and a public institution . 
  but please do tell me how xenophobic neo-nazi 's are `` live and let live '' . 
  do n't the people of czech republic own czech republic ? 
  it is a democracy last i checked . 
  i never talked about `` xenophobic neo-nazi 's '' , but the saying itself . 
  at discrimination based on skin color etc ? 
  how does it imply racial superiority ? 
  if i say `` my house for my family '' , does this mean i think my family is racially superior to all other families in estonia ? 
  where do people come up with this logic ? 
  just because i do n't want an unlimited number of other people living in my house does n't mean i have anything against them . 
  i just think they should live in their own houses . 
  of course it 's a problem with islam in particular , no other religion comes close to the shit they do . 
  what 's the fallacy , because some people from other religions very rarely commit terrible attacks as well , we should give islam a pass ? 
  did you ignore `` 2 . '' ? 
  of course it matters , this is r/europe . 
  most of us could n't care less what goes on in the middle of africa , it 's out of our hands and very far away . 
  what matters is what 's happening here , in europe . 
  `` if only we did this or that better , they would n't mass murder innocent people . '', 
  i mean come on . 
  they are n't dumped in one big neighborhood , they want to live together and they want to live close to a mosque , how do you forcibly make them live somewhere else ? 
  there really are n't rotten apples of that scale in ee , that should tell you something . 
  it 's not happening in europe 2 . 
  it 's not even comparable on the scale, 
  people are experts these days at not calling a spade a spade , the truth is , that one religion is responsible for the majority of terror attacks and a lot of other shit . 
  no mental gymnastics can deny that . 
  well it is true , if descendants of muslims who came to france in the sixties are capable of committing such attacks , then there 's something inherently wrong . 
  this does n't mean all muslims are incapable of integrating , those who stop taking their faith seriously do , but a large proportion do n't and those people are incompatible with western values and western culture , which is just tragedy waiting to happen . 
  what ? 
  i do n't want to create security threats when there 's a perfectly viable option not to . 
  obviously that train has passed for france , but it would help to halt the increase , but for some countries like most of ee there 's still the option of not bringing islam into their country and being completely free of this problem and many more . 
  eu still wants to force these problems on us , though . 
  does n't seem that they really assimilated though , innit ? 
  you do n't see third generation polish immigrants blowing shit up in france , do you ? 
   i 'm sure no estonian has ever immigrated to a european country , right ? 
  what is the relevance of this ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_poland  currently the total number of muslims in poland is estimated at around 31,000 , most of whom are sunni . 
  that 's 0,08 % of their population , so it is n't even worth mentioning . 
  also those chechen muslims were accepted at a time when asylum seekers were actually sent back after the conflict is over , not given permanent residence permits . 
  this is where most of these issues stem from .
