  it is not a single dude who has gotten his hands on the money , the money comes from many sources . 
  several families ( and families in those countries can get big ) , even a whole village , might pitch in to send a guy to europe . 
  the real refugees do n't have the money to travel to europe , the fact that they have 10k to spend , even on several families is huge in such dirt poor countries . 
  that money is better spent locally anyway than giving to smugglers . 
   easy to trace where that money came from , is it ? 
  i 'm saying that the fact that they even got that amount of money together means that they 're not living in mud huts in the middle of nowhere without electricity . 
  it means they probably come from a rather civilized place , which means there are bound to be records of them . 
  language test , records , etc. 
  if they had enough money to shell out 10k eur for a boat trip here , there 's probably some trace of them you can access , they 're not coming from mud huts from the middle of nowhere . 
  does the pro-immigration circlejerk at the guardian ever stop ? 
  what ethical implications ? 
  it 's very cost efficient , since the number of economic immigrants trying to get to eu will drop greatly . 
  indefinitely detaining people is only a violation of human rights if it 's done without a trial , form courts that deal with refugees , give them trials and it would be perfectly legal . 
   even if legal , detaining somebody indefinitely is quite a deplorable act . 
  they choose to be detained indefinitely , because they refuse to identify themselves . 
  a country should n't be forced to accept a person who could be anyone , a warlord from uganda or w/e else . 
  if they 're unwilling to identify themselves that already means they will likely not qualify for refugee status and they know it . 
  that 's a very rare situation in reality . 
  and how does that violate the rights of illegal immigrants under current human rights laws ? 
  i 've always wondered if you live in your own fantasy world , this settles it . 
  why ? 
  how does it violate human rights ? 
  do tell me why not , then ? 
  nobody is forcing them to live there , they made the choice of hiding their identity . 
  they 're criminals for all intents and purposes , making an illegal border crossing and should be treated as such . 
  eu should direct more funds for spain to make better camps , but the point remains . 
  you wo n't say where you 're from , we will never let you leave the refugee camp , pretty fair in my opinion . 
  the conditions should be made better , but yes , those same camps . 
   we ca n't send them back if we do n't know where they come from . 
  easy , if they wo n't say where they come from and ca n't prove it to a reasonable degree , they 're never leaving the refugee camp . 
  problem solved . 
  why not ? 
  well it makes sense you support it , since all the opposition comes from people feeling like the us will benefit while eu wo n't . 
  i mean what can you really expect , if the charlie hebdo killers shout out `` allah akbar '' while committing mass murder , i doubt french people would get different treatment when bombing mosques in saudi arabia and yelling `` viva la france ! '' . 
  that said , i do n't condone this behavior , but it 's hardly surprising . 
  hawk is n't a penis either . 
  damn finns , `` fish '' is not penis . 
  polan can into kebab ? 
  these are the world 's least religious countries , out of the 65 we surveyed *, 
  that 's not an unpopular opinion , that 's just being an asshole . 
  new and exciting denmark !, 
  too expensive and too prone to fail , breathalyzers need calibrating too often , imagine one day trying to get to work and this thing shows you a false positive ... 
  turkey , kappa . 
  well to be honest , while i see that the stories posted on reddit are in no way representative of the entire us police force , there clearly is a huge problem in us , you do n't have to be a teenager or a redditor to notice that . 
  both sides seem kinda jerks about it , i do n't really have an opinion either way . 
  hungary pls . 
  it 's a start , 10 million is better than nothing . 
  austerity is still way better than no austerity . 
  just look at greece , while finland 's economy might not be growing right now , at least they are n't in serious debt , nor is there huge unemployment . 
  ireland had austerity , they 're doing great , estonia had austerity , doing great , uk had austerity , doing great etc. 
  i ca n't see how you can pin this on austerity . 
  what break-up ? 
  all those pro-immigration articles by guardian are getting tiring , i used to consider them an unbiased newspaper , but this is getting ridiculous . 
  there are plenty of countries in africa they could 've escaped to where there 's no war and that are n't filled with `` infidels '' , they only choose europe because of the economic opportunities . 
  maybe if we double our * gdp per capita one more time . 
  i think the case is that estonia had more room to try doing things differently , since we had a clean slate . 
  some of those things turned out to be very successful , so it 's no surprise nordic governments want to implement some of those things as well . 
  this does n't mean estonia is the best and most developed society in the world . 
   estonia is n't the best and most developed society in the world ( i 've been there ) who says this ? 
  who believes this ? 
  i think the hype for estonia is more in the order of what estonia has become in a short time since gaining independence , being happy that a country which came from nothing has made such leaps forward . 
  which should give hope that other countries might be able to pull this off also , that it 's not that only countries who have been stable independent democracies for a very long time can be successful . 
  that 's not an unpopular opinion in europe , usa maybe , not europe . 
  the article has been updated , when i commented they were still unsure of the details . 
  which you can tell looking at the time of my comment and the `` 50 minutes ago '' on the top of the article . 
  it 's hard to protect every single ship , considering the sheer number . 
  once they have hostages , there 's not a lot these `` pirate hunters '' can do . 
  i think all ships that sail in those dangerous areas should have the capabilities to protect themselves . 
  why are n't these ships allowed to arm themselves ? 
  in estonia . 
  was n't us much lower last year ? 
  do n't worry , estonia will come help when things get bad \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
  where the fuck is bestonia ? 
  i think we would 've aced this . 
  the tunnel , of course !, 
  you picked a poor time to post though , it 's 03:00 -05:00 in europe currently , most everyone is at sleep . 
  canada is a honorary member of europe !, 
  stop buying oil from russia . 
  i 've even heard about that , but i doubt that 's the case here , or it would n't have become such big news in the first place and estonia does n't have much of a problem with corruption . 
  unless they seriously increased their efforts , you could probably extrapolate that data to all illegal immigrants . 
  new and exciting spain !, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  why ? 
  there were big talks like a year or two back in estonia about this very thing . 
  microsoft decided that estonia is rich enough to pay them a ton more money for microsoft licenses ( microsoft sells windows cheaper to poorer countries ) . 
  so there was a big debate on if we should switch to linux instead , a lot of people were pro and against , citing reasons such as that it 's hard to train older government employees to learn linux and all specialized software was done to run on windows machines , but it died down . 
  i guess we decided to pay microsoft after all . 
  i 'm kinda sad , would 've been great if we made the switch . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ oh ^ ^ ^ ^ wait , ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ flemish . 
  i highly doubt finland will ever get as bad as greece . 
  yeah , but i meant more in the lines of that you had 50 years to do stuff with sweden , while estonia was pretty much dead in regional politics . 
  still means a lot to us that we were n't dead in your hearts !, 
  oh , so the entire africa is unsafe , i guess we should just bring their entire population here then . 
   we 're sending everyone back who does n't have a valid reason for asylum . 
  it 's not like there 's a ` free for all ' immigration scheme . 
  are we really ? 
  aww \\ ^ \\ ^ , i thought you guys would say sweden . 
  seeing as bestonia was dead for 50 years . 
  an alternative such as migrating to countries nearby , instead of taking the dangerous boat trip to europe ? 
   it 's not even a ` reward ' .
