  brussels does n't really dictate much to estonia , a lot of people have this opinion that eu is a federation , in reality it 's not true , in trade and movement it might be , but most important decisions are made on national level , also were free to leave the eu . 
  so it does n't really compare . 
  why does n't that less than one percent in syria also not flee to neighbouring countries ? 
  i do n't know , it 's such a random thing and a simple mistake to make . 
  it 's not like they hammer that in school like they do with a lot of other things . 
  it 's not vital information to posses , or anything that would ever come up normally . 
  estonian votes count much more in actually shaping the laws and the country around me than american votes do in america . 
  where did i imply that ? 
  corrupt democracy is still a step up from a corrupt dictatorship . 
  although still really bad . 
  this is something i hope estonia takes example of from finland . 
  it 's a brilliant idea and i have no idea why everyone is n't doing this . 
  this kinda news just kinda makes me sad and hopeless for a big proportion of the world . 
  these corrupt dictatorships are just such wastes of space and human life , but there 's almost nothing you can do to fix them , you topple the dictator , the country falls into even greater despair , you help the country with aid , it all gets stolen by the corrupt system . 
  you do n't help at all , more people will suffer . 
  sad . 
  every time i hear about the us two-party system , it makes my head hurt how stupid it is . 
  estonia is getting 40 + tanks soon , no point in investing in air power here , that money is better spent on anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons . 
  this is plain wrong , estonia has spent 2 % for a while . 
  also the number of troops can be misleading , since some countries have conscription , like estonia , and that 's about 200 000 + people were banking on , of course our active peace time military personnel is gon na be lower because of that . 
  playing the long con . 
  estonia is northern-europe , although i get what you mean . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe the issue is , that if they start putting travel restrictions and benefits/housing they can only receive if they stay in said country , this could change , there are ways of stopping them from leaving to western-europe . 
  yes , that 's what they want to change . 
  so russians are a different race than estonians ? 
  i do not think so . . 
  estonians are a race ? 
  i have never mentioned race , it has only been you who keeps hammering the race argument . 
  i 've never made any objection based on the race of those people . 
  and why would i ? 
  the color of your skin does n't say which kind of a person you are . 
  there are culturally rather similar african-americans in the us or black british people in the uk , and there are culturally rather different white argentinians in argentina . 
  why bring race into this ? 
  oh yes , instead of making rational arguments , just call be a stormfronter and a racist and it 's all good , right ? 
  did you check the statistics on how many refugees in sweden have found work after staying for 5-10 years ? 
  i do n't understand what race has got to do with anything , i 'm talking about tangible things . 
  the economic impact , the increased crime and the failure of integrating a lot of refugees , who come from muslim backgrounds for example . 
  of course the impact of people coming from similar cultures would be less severe , but estonians becoming a minority in estonia is not an acceptable outcome to us no matter where the migrants are from . 
   so you are okay receiving people that are unable to contribute at all to society but as soon as they can start being productive you want them to leave . 
  go look at your own statistics and tell me how many refugees who have been 5-10 years in sweden are active contributors . 
   so basically your opposition is 100 % racial and about wanting to keep the `` wrong genes '' away and 0 % economical about the costs involved my opposition is cultural , economical and societal , but it 's no surprise to me that you accuse me of racism right off the bat , it 's the all encompassing counter argument for people like you . 
  the truth however is that there are severe economical , cultural and societal issues with accepting refugees . 
  estonia has been dealt a shit hand throughout history , i think we deserve to be kept away from this mess for now and let us rebuild all that was lost . 
   because you 're in the eu chief . 
  why is your infrastructure our problem ? 
  why do we give so much money to the eu development fund to build up your countries ? 
  it 's not , eu infrastructure programs are n't out of altruism , they 're there to facilitate trade . 
  so are the development funds , which estonia will soon be a net contributor of . 
  there are direct benefits to the british people and other members in investing that money , mainly in trade . 
  in the big picture , you 're going to be receiving more from us than you spend on us . 
  our independence , our culture , our language and our people is what 's most important to us . 
  estonia would leave eu before giving that up , by accepting people who will never integrate . 
   that is interesting , specially due to the high numbers and past tensions . 
  ida-viru and harju seem very popular among russians . 
  do they identify them selfs as russians , or do they view them selfs as estonians ? 
  most of them settled in ida-virumaa and harjumaa when first moved here during the soviet occupation , a lot of them are moving to tallinn ( harjumaa ) now . 
  they identify themselves as russian , there are some issues with them being against more estonian curriculum 's in school , since they want to learn in russian . 
  although all those schools are publicly funded . 
   interesting to see that most of the people moving to estonia are former ussr countries . 
  according to stat.ee there are less than 20 africans living there . 
  there are about 1000 russians moving to estonia each year , it 's the maximum amount we allow . 
  estonia does n't accept almost any refugees . 
  i think it 's in single digits every year , so that explains why there 's so few africans , in addition to them having better destinations in eu where there 's better economic opportunities and established communities . 
  the views were pretty hostile after gaining independence , since those russians here were occupants , having a better status than us in our own country , sent here for the purpose of russification of estonia . 
  literally here to destroy our language , culture and country . 
  right now , it 's pretty chill . 
  we get along , the vast majority of them understand that estonia is a far better place to live in than russia . 
  they are very similar to us culturally , so there are no big ideological clashes . 
  i would n't say there is much ethnic tension , we all try to get along . 
  the vast majority of estonians are strongly against receiving refugees . 
  the issue is that they never leave , if there were some guarantees that they 'd all leave in 5-10 years , the feelings could be different . 
  estonia is only 69 % estonian , we already make up one of the smallest percentages of our population in europe . 
  we should n't be faced with the threat of becoming a minority in our own country . 
  in addition we do n't have the facilities , the programs , the know how , nor money to deal with refugees . 
  we do n't see how this is our problem . 
  yes , you are the demographic i referenced to in the beginning , with an inferiority complex for no reason . 
   your president oh ? 
  tweets like these ? 
  https://twitter.com/ilvestoomas  norway , slovenia , and latvia are owning the sochi olympics - richard florida - the atlantic  this morning my heart goes out to all the people of latvia , especially to the loved ones of those affected directly by the tragedy in riga . 
   belated recognition of latvian reality . 
  another fine analysis by anders aslund on why latvia succeeded http://www.piie.com/blogs/realtime/?p=4011 ...  congratulations to my latvian friends : http://blogs.wsj.com/emergingeurope/2012/11/09/latvia-gets-a-double-dose-of-good-news/ ...  good news from estonia 's neighbor : fitch sees faster latvia gdp , narrower budget gap in 2012 . 
   latvia 's success : http://justpaste.it/1132 you are delusional . 
  why does it need diluting ? 
   well , did you invent getting together to clean-up ? 
  no , you just figured that it would be a nice idea if whole country did it on the same day , if the idea of getting together to clean did n't exist you probably would n't have , so how is that an entirely estonian achievement ? 
  it 's an estonian achievement , in the sense of the scale and government involvement . 
  it 's like saying x did n't invent football , because people were kicking round objects around before . 
   yeah , and how do those media all think to write about exact same country , if estonians are n't doing anything to facilitate it ? 
  they do n't all think to write about the exact same country , estonia might come up a bit more than some others , since we 're trying and doing some pretty bold things here that are of interest to others . 
   it is not a bad thing to have a publicity , it 's just that you can pick narrative in which you 're not the beginning , the end and the center of everything . 
  that 's how news works , if an article is written about estonia , estonia is going to be the center of it , you do n't write an article , `` the e-elections in estonia went without a hitch , by the way , there 's an earthquake in haiti ! '' . 
  from what you 're saying it only comes off as if you really have some sort of an inferiority complex and it 's silly . 
  i always upvote and am happy about any time latvia or lithuania is mentioned in a positive light in / r/europe . 
  like i said , it 's not a competition . 
  who says that ? 
  you do n't understand how estonians becoming a minority in estonia could be of any concern to us ? 
  yeah , exactly , they do n't . 
  but if they force them here by giving them places to stay here and benefits only if they remain here , that could change . 
  what about the current number of non-nationals in the country ? 
  should estonia where ethnic estonians only make up 69 % of the population take in the same amount of refugees as a country of a similar population and economic development which consists of 90 % ethnic nationals ?
