  it ai n't easy being green when you get no sun , no wind and idiots have ruined nuclear power 's reputation . 
  also you have a shitton of oilshale ( a substance similar to coal for those who do n't know ) , power plants that work off of it and cheap electricity . 
  also there are n't many places to import electricity from . 
   but 99 % of ee on here also think russia will invade you . 
  there is this sense of extreme paranoia when it comes to russia in eastern europe . 
  that 's not true , that 's what western press writes , but definitely not what people here feel , nor even something our press writes . 
   everytime there is a article about russia , it 's full of ee whining about russia and if you mention anything positive about russia , you 'll get downvoted by said ee russia haters . 
  so that is definitely not true . 
  who said i do n't hate russia ? 
  russia is a dumb country with a dumb president and dumb parliament . 
  i have no warm feelings towards them , i just know they 're not that dumb to start shit with us nor is there motive . 
   ok , so it 's the intermarium all over again as far as eastern europe is concerned . 
  fantastic , better start learning russian then . 
  implying anyone in ee is falling for this fear mongering about russia , nobody here believes there 's any serious chance of that happening . 
  also we 're in nato . 
  so stop with the bullshit of `` hurr durr better federalize fast or russia 's gon na get ya ! '', 
  it 's fucking dumb . 
   unless theres some different political climate in estonia . 
  our news does report on widely published rumors about foreign celebrities/politicians , but i 'd be pretty confident in saying that for our local politics , accusations without supporting evidence do little to sway the public . 
  not claiming this is the absolute truth , but that 's the impression i 've gotten . 
  we could always do better though . 
  i am at a loss regarding to the point you 're trying to make . 
  people 's careers getting destroyed over unsubstantiated accusations is not something to applaud , it 's pretty sad really . 
  i would accept any sort of evidence , if there were any . 
  someone claiming something is n't evidence , maybe if we had multiple independent people claiming the same , people that can be considered unbiased to a reasonable degree , we 'd have something worth talking about . 
  unless you want to admit that you 're a zoophile , of course . 
  so we 're good then !, 
  since the author of the letter was neither . 
  how is a young english teacher a `` competent authority '' ? 
  you have never been accused of things that you were not guilty of by teachers ? 
  nor seen anyone else be accused as such ? 
  never seen a teacher hold a personal grudge against a pupil ? 
  this is n't evidence of anything . 
   or is `` evidence '' unacceptable when it does n't validate your narrow-minded preconceptions ? 
  just because `` your narrow minded preconceptions '' want something to be true , does not make it such . 
  ok , so if i write a letter now , then in 30 + years i can display it as evidence that you in fact are a zoophile ? 
  oh , so i just have to write it in a letter and that makes it true ? 
  in what world is that considered evidence ? 
  if i tell a newspaper that you enjoy intercourse with goats , is that evidence that you are a zoophile ? 
  holy fuck . . 
   he 's really a neo-nazi masquerading as a normal politician wew lad . 
   trust is a product of the environment . 
  we 're not naive , we just have a great society . 
  you used to , but it 's getting worse every year . 
  they go to libya etc waters and traffic people into europe , that pretty much fits the bill to me . 
  how is libya unsafe right now ? 
  the vast majority of the country has no armed conflict . 
  last i checked , trafficking people was illegal . 
  i 'm the op , the title was not editorialized . 
  in western democracies , the courts have a lot of wiggle room in these issues , if it 's in public interest that this guy is found not-guilty or the case is thrown out , they can do that . 
  and they should do that . 
  the big difference is that it does n't seem he went public with the vulnerability before they had a chance to fix it and that prompted the company to not report it . 
  had they reported it , police would 've had to charge him , because what he did was illegal . 
  i mean , this would 've gone down exactly the same in every single country . 
  what the guy did was illegal and large companies usually report this stuff , since the higher ups are n't usually very tech savvy . 
  but at the same time , i expect this to be thrown out in court , since there was n't really malice involved , unless you argue that publishing the vulnerability before they had a chance to fix it constitutes as malice . 
  are you joking ? 
  that 's exactly what he wrote , there is no guess work or analyzation necessary here , just the basic grasp of the english language . 
  what 's next ? 
  trump tweets ` cool shoes @x ' , / u/nijaalba : `` trump accuses innocent man of having below average temperature footwear '' ?? 
  then you assumed wrong , since that is n't what he is saying at all , what he said and meant is that mexico 's non-enforcement of their us border is causing the us harm . 
  you must have serious english comprehension problems if you think he calls mexicans killers in that tweet . 
  how ? 
  trump never said mexicans are criminals , he said illegals are , which is true in the sense that criminality in illegals is much higher than legal immigrants , but you could n't be bothered do to the minimal amount of research before spewing some random bullshit for easy upvotes , right ? 
  you mean the russian ones you 've been reading and are totally free of propaganda ? 
  in what sense is it debatable , if they lost to estonia ? 
  russia could n't even beat estonia in 1920 , got btfo 'd , how would they have annexed poland ? 
  yeah , but the point is that things would most likely be worse if he remained president , especially for secular people , people of other faiths and women . 
  thanks !, 
  i know this is n't a travel blog , but since you already answered , how likely are pickpockets/thieves ? 
  should i be super careful , or just maintain reasonable caution ? 
  it 's relatively peaceful in egypt at the moment , look into who the president was , an islamic extremist from muslim brotherhood . 
   as president , morsi issued a temporary constitutional declaration in late november that in effect granted him unlimited powers and the power to legislate without judicial oversight or review of his acts . 
  the new constitution that was then hastily drawn up by the islamist-dominated constitutional assembly , presented to the president , and scheduled for a referendum , before the supreme constitutional court could rule on the constitutionality of the assembly , was described by independent press agencies not aligned with the regime as an `` islamist coup '' . 
  i mean , what is there to explain ? 
  yeah , taking a vacation to varna myself in less than a month , my younger brother went few weeks ago . 
  bulgaria was n't even on anyone 's radar in estonia for a vacation , but with all the bullshit going on around europe and mena and the cheap prices + eu membership makes it a rather good place to go now . 
  they seem to be also building a ton of villas etc for tourists , we got a villa that was completed in early 2017 , it looks bloody amazing . 
  my only concern is thieves/gypsies , but i think these resort cities should be rather okay ? 
   egypt ( they fucking removed their legally appointed president ffs !!! ), 
  egypt would probably be much worse off if he had remained president . 
  walking in p\u00e4rnu city center or the beach in the summer i hear more finnish than estonian . . 
  does n't matter ; made money . 
   you paint up a comfortably murky enough image of soros just meddling in general , pushing values on countries that do not want it , when you have no need to do such things . 
  i 've linked you many annual reports of osf foundations accross the globe . 
  down to the last $ , they list what organizations and projects did they fund . 
  please name the ones you oppose . 
  but for the record , you 'd be opposing small grants that are overwhelmingly in the 5-25k $ range , and a select few receive funding in the 50-150k range . 
  that 's the top it does n't matter if i personally oppose or like the organizations , it 's the foreign meddling in a country 's politics which i do n't like . 
  even if i can support the cause , because i understand that it can go both ways . 
   i never knew until now that you could change foreign countries ' cultures for the price of a couple cars or one average apartment at the top end . 
  that seems quite the bargain . 
  you can do much more with much less , just paying someone 6 dollars an hour in hungary to spam the comment sections of news sites and reddit with propaganda can have a huge effect , with that money , you can have a ton of people doing that . 
   but in all seriousness , that 's kind of where your argument of pushing values onto other countries falls flat - soros ' osf does not run projects of their own , they give out grants to other ngos . 
  almost all of them national ones . 
  how else would it work ? 
  they give money to foreign ngo 's in hungary ? 
  obviously you 'll be finding some people who want to push the same thing you do , and then support them at doing that . 
   if an estonian ngo applies and wins funding for a project they propose and you dislike that - well then , my condolences . 
  the ngo 's workers are every bit as local as you are and you have no authority to declare yourself the spokesperson of all estonian people , stating that their actions are unwelcome .
