  i do n't know what newspaper you 're reading or what channels you 're watching , but i 've never seen this . 
  i had a rather favorable view towards russia before the ukraine thing , they 've always been a bit crazy but they seemed okay enough , i think had russia taken another direction they 'd currently have unprecedented integration with europe and all european countries would have really positive views towards russia . 
  honestly , nobody wants a dick measuring contest . 
  i 've never heard estonians say that they 're better than latvians or lithuanians . 
  we 'd just really like if you honor the 2 % gdp on military you agreed to when you joined nato , because your defensive capabilities are very important to us as well , because we all have to be on our best if push comes to shove . 
  we would be a bit less vulnerable if they 'd do their part . 
  not really , there have been some estonian collaborators to russia caught aswell in the recent years and they 've gotten long prison sentences . 
  some people are just of shitty moral character and do it for the money . 
  nothing makes you invincible , but if you 've agreed to spend 2 % of your gdp on military when you joined nato then you should spend that 2 % , them not spending the promised amount also lowers estonians defense capabilities . 
   by not meeting the nato target of spending two percent of gdp on defence , latvia and lithuania are making themselves vulnerable , estonian president toomas hendrik ilves said in an interview with latvian television last night . 
  other people ? 
  maybe bother to read the article ? 
  yuri i know about . 
  i could n't ever forget also , since our pilot was named yuri gagarin once , i can still remember how the entire plane erupted in laughter when he said his name . 
  nothing gets your point across better than setting some cars on fire . ^ ^ ^ sigh, 
  maybe we should move some troops there and have a `` referendum '' . 
  i 'm hearing about his name for the first time and i consider myself a pretty well informed person . 
  hard to say , maybe the current situation draws in people who do it for the profession and not the money and when we start paying more it will rather draw in people who do it for the money and do n't really care about teaching . 
  what is there to complain about for russia ? 
  we just need to sink some of those subs and shoot down some of the planes the moment they trespass and this would stop , and how could they complain about it ? 
  `` how dare you defend your waters or airspace against foreign invaders ? '', 
  interesting , estonia is second lowest on the map , yet the only country that has better performing students than estonia is finland and that 's only by a small margin , while most everyone else is far behind . 
  estonia can into northern lights . 
  the ol' `` if you 're against mass immigration you 're a dirty racist that 's no better than a kkk member '' , and discussion over . 
  we will kick you out of the eu then . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ joking, 
  is / u/savannajeff coming ? 
   remind me again how danish qof has been tanking lately ? 
  it has n't because you 've had these strict refugee and immigrant policies for a long time . 
   it must have been really high then because it is still way higher than estonias . 
  u wot ? 
  ofcourse it 's higher than estonias , because we were occupied just 24 years ago and had to start from nothing , i 'd say we 're doing rather well all things considering . 
   if estonia would like to be seen as a responsible nordic country it should do its part or it could do nothing like the baltics and the rest of the eastern block . 
  estonia is a different position than the nordic countries since we already only make up 70 % of our population , if we were 90-95 % estonian then sure we 'd take some . 
  there 's a higher chance and also a higher chance her grandchildren will be blonde . 
  also , brazil ? 
  there 's always a silver lining . 
  you can help out without tanking your own quality of life . 
  somehow i doubt there will be many estonians seeking refuge in syria should it ever come to that . 
  we 've been occupied for far longer than any african nations , 1227-1920 , 1939-1991 . 
  700 + years , we deserve to be on our own for a while now . 
  aww yiss , i wonder how we managed to avoid the gypsy problem , but maybe they quickly move on to finland while they 're already this close . 
  why should we ? 
  and we do n't want any and we will never take any . 
  i suspect denmark will become a pretty popular destination for ethnic swedes soon . 
   that 's actually common practice in many countries . 
  like what countries ? 
  estonians and finns are the same language group and we are really closely related . 
  latvia and lithuania are in their own language group . 
  our language groups are really different . 
  culturally i guess we 're not that different , since during the soviet occupation we were all forced into a similar culture . 
  although in some ways you can see estonia sailing into different directions than latvia and lithuania already ( like gay rights ) . 
  it remains to be seen if we will get closer culturally in the future or drift apart . 
  i absolutely love hearing about your victories against corruption , which is a really big problem in many eastern-european countries and i hope many others will take notice . 
  romania < 3 . 
  the thing about teachers is that they 're a very powerful authority to small children and they leave strong impressions , that 's why teachers should be as unbiased as possible , especially in the early age . 
  i think elementary school teachers for example should n't even be allowed to say what they believe in . 
  well , most likely you can still ban headscarves in the private sector in germany , i agree that it does n't really hurt , but it still feels wrong , students are going to ask and think about it and it 's just not right to bring that stuff to a house of education . 
  they should leave their superstition outside of the school . 
  it has long been established that companies and public sector can dictate the dress code of their employees and i do n't see why there should be any exception made for religious people . 
  what if my religion says that i have to wear a shoe on my head ? 
  or that i ca n't wear a shirt ? 
  where does it stop ? 
  everybody follows the same rules , if your religion requires something stupid then find another job . 
  religious practices have no business being in schools . 
   still sided with nazi germany and as such helped facilitate the murder of tens of millions of soviet citizens . 
  finland got off easy . 
  a person who is retarded enough to say something like this , should just shoot himself in the head and the world would be better off . 
  i wo n't even bother with you . 
  you are human garbage . 
   so whatever minority is unhappy with their status in their country should just leave ? 
  please expand on this . 
   children of immigrants had no say about their parents/ancestors traveling/emigration decision we had no say about them immigrating here either , they 're still very much influenced by their parents who very often hold hostile views towards estonia thanks to the russian propaganda channels . 
   remove the tools from their hands and they will have nothing to `` bitch '' about - as simple as that you are completely retarded if you think this is true . 
   i am sure now that you are russian living in estonia - right ? 
  i am an estonian living in estonia , so i sure as shit know the situation of russians living here better than russia or you . 
  if you want to prove me wrong , go ahead . 
  that does n't make it any clearer ... what are you trying to say ? 
  if they feel unhappy here , they 're welcome to leave . 
  they never asked our permission to come here . 
  although there 's no discrimination of any sort going on in estonia , it 's only russia trying to stir things up , but pretty much failing to do so , because the russians who do live here are treated very well . 
  in our capital , young russians actually have an easier time to find jobs than ethnic estonians , if they 've learned estonian , because speaking russian is a plus for employees since there are a lot of russian customers . 
  you never hear russians actually living in estonia complaining , it 's always coming from russia and it 's always lies . 
   goodluck getting the europeans sending tanks outside of nato u wot ? 
  estonia is in nato . 
  i am , but there is a bit of a point in there . 
  my bad then , deleted my posts . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  you do n't have to tell me about the weather \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
  although judging from the number of immigrants who want to go to the nordics , i 'd say it 's not really an issue . 
  if you 're so concerned about them , we 'd be happy to send them back . 
   pribaltika was kurlyandskaya gubernia ( gorernorship of kurlyandia ) from the end of xviii centrury , and russians and other nations freely lived there . 
  yes and as i 've already said , all the russians here prior to the occupation got citizenship . 
   again , you talking about revenge . 
  but in modern western world no one one can deny someone 's basic rights because of revenge for some past . 
  but such politics of pribaltica goverments are fully accepted by the west . 
  since when is a citizenship a basic right ? 
  and how is it revenge ? 
  not russia , not pretty much any country gives citizenship to immigrants without them passing a language test and a test about constitution etc. 
  much less do they give citizenship to illegal immigrants .
