  although i do n't want to be defending christianity either , they all do more harm than good in modern society , but some are worse than others . 
  this is the one time i can say `` america , fuck yeah ! '', 
  without being sarcastic . 
  well it depends , if that person faces certain death , torture or w/e when sent back , then it 's not . 
  in the morocco/spain case though , it pretty much is . 
   sure , we 're only talking about 3,000 soldiers -- but we 're also looking at more than 750 heavy armour units . 
  for comparison , the baltic states ( combined ) have fewer than 75 tanks ( most of which are old , unreliable , or otherwise outlived ) . 
  operation atlantic resolve ( thus far ) has seen the baltics ' first-minute defensive capability increase more than 1,000 % . 
  yeah , you have this kinda wrong , baltic states choose to spend their military budgets on other things than tanks , we could 've amassed over a thousand tanks by now or even more , but then everything else would fall short . 
  our defensive capability did n't increase by 1000 % , it probably did n't even increase by 200 % , it 's a huge help , sure , but you have to understand that our priorities lie elsewhere . 
  if you have a huge military budget then sure , get tanks , but overall tanks usually are n't worth their money , you can spend that money better . 
  exercises with this scale of us involvement are definitely not routine here . 
  they 're really not . 
  most of what this video said is true , most of what the russian propaganda video said is false . 
  except it 's not . 
   2nd an 3rd generaion of muslims in europe are the same as their neighbours because of education and prosperity . 
  2nd and 3rd generation muslims are the ones who are currently going from europe to fight for isis en masse . 
   in practice it is illegal ( and immoral ) . 
  the fact that people find a way around it does not make it legal . 
  you do n't understand what `` not illegal in practice '' means , it does n't mean what your personal feelings towards it are , it means if people get caught doing it , they do n't . 
  how are you this stupid ? 
  these are n't difficult concepts . 
   and you were talking about making another company to exploit this gender gap and i explained to you why it does n't work that way , because women do n't want to be paid less because they have a chance in better paying company ( not a fair one but one nonetheless ) , and right now they get worse deals through no fault of their own . 
  so they 're rather jobless than to work for less money then men ? 
  the free market is brutal , small differences in effectivity , costs etc make or break your company in competition . 
  if women really were this untapped resource , somebody would 've taken advantage of it long ago , yet nobody has . 
  i would n't go around yelling inequality at everything and maybe see , if there actually even are women who are qualified and willing to do these jobs , but are unable to , or maybe it 's because there are less women who aspire to be leaders , than men . 
   and you can find a bazillion reasons to justify it . 
  in practice it 's not illegal . 
  and it still does n't fix the issue of me talking about an entirely different thing in the first place . 
  it 's illegal to discriminate based on gender , it 's not illegal to pay one person less than another person for equal work in the same company and you can find a bazillion reasons to justify it . 
  what i was talking about was an entirely different thing , a different company , that hires only women , two different companies that do a very similar thing can have wildly different wages . 
  so you 're not just wrong , you 're borderline retarded , because you either misunderstood me and still managed to be wrong about an entirely differe n't thing that was n't even relevant , or you think different companies must have the same wages for the same work , which is even worse . 
   it is illegal to pay them less . 
  you are retarded . 
   unconscious gender bias to understand what is going on . 
  dumbest thing i 've ever heard , why does n't anyone start a company , hire only talented women ( because there must be so many talented women left over , since right now men dominate high paying jobs ) and they 're willing to work for less money . 
  you 'd be a millionaire in no time , because you have a more qualified workforce while having to pay them less than your competitors do . 
  the market chooses what 's best , not who has a penis . 
  it shows how women are opressed in european patriarchy , because nobody lets women be garbagemen , builders , miners , etc. ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  something must cause it , ofcourse political situations are different and there are different causes why right-wing parties are getting more popular in different countries , but mostly , the biggest factor is , that people are increasingly unhappy with the immigration policies . 
   it takes quite a few years for economic numbers to come home to roost , and for people to abandon well established opposition . 
  what are you on about ? 
  most of european countries , including france has low unemployment for a while now . 
  the economic crisis is over , it has been for a while now . 
  the few homeless people i 've met are either crazy or homeless by choice . 
  beggars are very rare , i 've seen it only a few times during my 23 years here . 
  i wonder why the crazy ones are n't in an asylum , but i guess they 're not crazy enough . 
  so to answer your question , people are rather indifferent , because it 's not really an issue here . 
  is it not why the majority is voting for fn ? 
  a lot of right-wing parties are gaining popularity all over europe . 
  this is n't the place , read the damn sidebar . 
  this subreddit is for news and discussions , not some kids holiday planning . 
  300 000 -  600 000 is a small change ? 
  not to mention the effects of immigration are cumulative , you might not notice or not care or even be happy about the first million immigrants , but a decade later you find that there are millions upon millions and the trend is everincreasing makes some people concerned . 
  saaremaa linnus for estonia [ 1 ] ( http://static1.album.ee/files/12/106/large_15512106_czsm.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://static2.visitestonia.com/images/225248/-1_-1_false_false_2e742f9c31720b1552f026b4dacb3625.jpg?ver=3&amp;wid=800&amp;hei=600 ) sadly most of our castles have been bombed to s ** t during the second world war and other wars . 
  you do understand that we 're in nato , right ? 
  sometimes it seems like a popularity contest on who hates sweden and native swedes the most , but i guess a lot of it is blown out of proportion aswell . 
  it just sometimes seems so unreal that i ca n't even comprehend what 's going on . 
  if an estonian politician said something like that they 'd be crucified and i 'd picture this would be the case in most of europe . 
  i 'm also guessing that statement did n't really reach swedish news or did it ? 
  i 've heard there 's a lot of white washing in swedish media , but i do n't really know . 
  well you did say you 're muslim , so i guess you hang with a different crowd . . 
  i think 99 % of the people who support that would support mocking other religions aswell . 
  i 'm all for it being impartial , make fun of all of them equally , although islam is what needs it the most . 
   religious rules do not have to be followed by people who do n't follow the religion . 
  also some of your religious rules ca n't be followed by you either if it breaks our laws , if that is not acceptable , you 're welcome to leave . 
  i mean , it 's good in a sense that you get the radicalists out , if you manage to keep them out , but at the same time it shows there 's a serious problem that people even become radicalized in germany etc. 
  why do you think people resent the current economic situation so much ? 
  france 's unemployment is pretty much the same number for the last two decades now and things have become noticably better in the past few years . 
  the timing does n't make sense for that argument . 
   also , as i say , this argument applies twice over to immigration , which has been going on at high levels well before the economic crisis , and in general for decades . 
  really ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:uk_migration_1970-2013.svg http://focus-migration.hwwi.de/typo3_upload/groups/3/focus_migration_publikationen/laenderprofile/bilder/country-profiles/cp-2/grafik2-gr.gif http://www.scb.se/statistik/be/be0101/2012a01b/be0101_pressdiaeng_2012a01b.png yeah , you 're completely wrong . 
  if it were n't for the sea , i 'd believe it would be rather likely that we 'd be a single country with a single language right now . 
  it 's weird how similar our languages are , although there is 82 kilometers of sea between us . 
  i wonder how long ago our languages were completely mutually intelligible . 
  i 'd guess it ca n't be very long ago . 
   moreover , why was there very low support for far right parties before the economic crisis , even though levels of immigration were similar . 
  why was there very low support for far right parties during the economic crisis ? 
  and immediately after . 
  it 's been 6 years from the worst period , the majority of countries have been crisis free for years and just recently these parties have started to recieve more and more support . 
  also the immigration rates have gone up for a lot of countries in the past decade and think about it logically , as an example with random numbers - 50 000 immigrants one year after a long period of taking in only 20 000 wo n't really register for most people , but if it cumulates for 10 years and becomes 500 000 in a short time then the people will start to notice . 
  do they really have the most kids ? 
  even compared to immigrants from the middle-east and africa ? 
  i mean , you did mean in total numbers right ? 
  not per capita , since then they 're 5th in top five non-uk maternal countries of birth . 
  what a clickbait title , no we do n't . 
  it seems it 's your language skills that are lacking , i said that if europe stops trading with russia , it 's a bump in the road for us , but for russia it 's game over . 
  are they really ? 
  the only thing we have to be afraid of coming from russia is nuclear bombs and canada and us are exactly as vulnerable to that as we are . 
  damn the people of europe are slow then , only 6 years late if you say the economic crisis is the cause . 
  many places where right-wing parties are getting more popular do n't have economic problems for years now . 
   it seems all the left wing moderates want to do is destroy the native europeans . 
  you know , most people would think you 're being overly dramatic and maybe you are in most case , but then there 's stuff like this : [ i think that 's what makes many swedes jealous of immigrant groups . 
  you have a culture , an identity , a history , something that brings you together . 
  and what do we have ? 
  we have midsummer 's eve and such silly things . 
  ] ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/mona_sahlin ) - [ mona sahlin , a swedish politician who spent the next 9 years in office after that statement . 
  i 've said it like a bazillion times on this subreddit already , the reason this is happening all over europe is because a growing number of people are unhappy with the mass immigration policy and no mainstream political parties are willing to have a discussion about it , so this is the result .
