  it is actually , there 's a lot of red tape and then there 's the ecthr , that has thus far barred uk from even deporting extremist muslim preachers . 
  i know !, 
  yeah , but if we helped the white forces to victory , it could be a very different europe today , estonia managed to mobilize a 80\u00a0000-100\u00a0000 men at the end of the war , that 's an insane force in 1920 terms . 
  this is truer than a lot of people realize , they have been shown so much mercy they did not deserve . 
  during estonian independence war , we were close to st petersburg and i 'm pretty sure we could 've sacked the city and even burn it to the ground if we wanted to , but we decided that we 've reached our goals ( independant estonia ) and retreated inside our borders , but no good deed goes unpunished as we were annexed by russia a mere 19 years later , maybe if we had pushed the issue and dismantled russia , we would 've had a better fate . 
  that was kinda the point of my story , russian signs are kinda illegal , they 're allowed in some cases as a translation of the estonian version , but then the estonian language version has to be `` on top '' or `` highlighted '' . 
  it 's great you liked saaremaa , i really liked klaipeda , but it was like 12 years ago or something when i went , i really need to visit lithuania again !, 
  as you should . 
  interestingly , narva , while an estonian city is something like ~ 98 % russian . 
  i went there recently , it 's sort of comical , every sign , street name , menu etc is in estonian and only a few things have russian translations , but almost nobody speaks estonian . 
  i went to a pub , i tried talking to the waitress in estonian first , when i understood she does n't understand me , i tried english , she did n't understand english either , luckily my gf knows a little russian and we could finally order . 
   let 's import massive numbers of foreigners from a culture with a history of hostility , and then let 's turn them into an economic underclass . 
  implying this is n't already the case . 
  honestly , latvia and lithuania are doing pretty well too , they 're only a bit behind , so should n't forget about them either !, 
  not too bad , could do better though . 
  if they all live in the same place illegally , it would be pretty easy to raid it and send em ' packin . 
  i think russia ca n't afford to piss off china though , so the europe-russia relationship would n't really matter that much . 
  why is this news ? 
  we 've been selling electricity back and forth with finland for almost a decade now . 
  oh , i thought he meant t\u00f6-\u00f6 is the same as t\u00f6\u00f6-\u00f6\u00f6 . 
  alright , then . 
  it 's just estonianized version of `` greece '' . 
  `` madalmaad '' - netherlands , is also in use , albeit less so . 
  that would be a different pronunciation . 
  neither were random , because both clearly targeted native women . 
   as for the second argument it is even more bullshit in a world where knowing the source of an information is one of the most important thing to fight blatant propaganda , but i digress ... oh god , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem, 
  i found that suspect as well , but wikipedia seems to corroborate that story :  after the war , tartu was declared a `` closed town '' to foreigners , as an air base for bombers was constructed on raadi airfield , in the northeast outskirts of the city . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tartu#soviet_period, 
  i 'm from tartu * , almost nothing remains of the military infrastructure and facilities , but tartu is worth visiting still , it 's not a touristy city , so you can see estonians in their element . 
  because it hosts estonia 's main university and some elite high schools for which many come across the country to attend the average age of the population is rather young . 
  the city center is lovely , there are quite a few parks and old architecture to see . 
  this honestly sounds unbelievable , especially the fact that so many policemen were involved and did nothing to stop it , in addition to the fact that the police station is most likely riddled with cameras that would capture the assault , but okay , let 's assume you 're telling the truth i do n't see any reason you would have to make this up and you are posting this from your main account . 
  the best first move would be talking to an attorney and documenting the injuries , the attorney would lead you from there . 
  i mean , who cares as long as the gasoline price has gone from 1,3 to 0,9 eur . 
  this is fucking amazing , 90 cent gasoline , \\ o / . 
  if your average party consists of 50 + year old russian asocial drunks in old commieblock apartments , then you should , yes . 
  thank fuck , tbh . 
  i 'd be willing to contribute financially as much as is necessary , but some countries do n't have these social problems germany and many others face , please do n't force them onto us as well . 
  that 's a little less than estonia 's budget for 2016 . 
  yes , but we 're not talking about `` a part of a city '' , we 're talking about an entire city . 
  the term does n't apply here at all , nor do the negative connotations . 
  they are n't meant to integrate , they 're meant to live in the safe-zone as long as it 's safe to return home . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  so refugee camps in jordan , turkey etc are ghetto 's too ? 
  i do n't think you understand what that word means . 
   perfect example why small countries with weak economies should n't be in the eu . 
  just like croatia and lithuania , we would n't have the right to our own opinion . 
  we would have to vote as the western overlords say . 
  yeah , no . 
  eu is really good for your economy and quality of life . 
  thus far , except for the migrant quota thing , there have n't been anything for small countries to oppose anyway and even the migrant thing seems to still work out how ee wanted . 
  there is n't even a question about the fact that if serbia joined , your economy and quality of life would improve , eu would also help you deal with the corruption to a degree . 
  you 're always free to leave or ignore stuff eu wants you to do anyway , a lot of countries are doing that . 
  you do n't just send them there , you build a city there for refugees . 
  exactly , that 's why most choose to live legally if given the option . 
  miina , uuno and jorma are used in estonia as well , and yrj\u00f6 is similar to estonian j\u00fcrjo . 
  to us they sound as old-people names , since everybody who has those names are like 50 + years old , very few of those have been in active use in past ~ 20 years at least . 
  from my personal experience , all russian men are named either vladimir , alexandr , aleksei , viktor or igor and women are either tatjana or svetlana . 
  estonia does this too . 
  i respect rules without meaningful enforcement . 
  i do it everyday , like picking up my dog 's poop or cleaning the sidewalk in front of my house of snow/leaves and a billion other things that i could or could n't do that are illegal but not meaningfully enforced . 
  normal people do n't need the threat of fines or prison to act like decent human beings . 
  but no democratic and sane country wants to be in any sort of union with russia ... 
  i mean an union of `` let 's be corrupt and poor together '' is n't very appealing . 
  this plan obviously includes making it impossible to get welfare or a legal job anywhere outside the designated zone . 
  if that is n't enough , you can always build a wall around it . 
  buy/rent some islands from greece , two problems solved at once and they even get to stay in a similar climate . 
  tbh , it would n't be difficult to find a plot of land in europe where you could house millions of people if the host country is paid rent . 
  estonia has room , but i 'm afraid it 's a bit too cold here , but many other countries have a ton of free space as well , like spain for example . 
  estonians are pretty fucking tired of india 's shit already : http://news.err.ee/v/international/34b651ab-1838-4317-934b-acf1bbe3cadd/estonian-anti-piracy-personnel-before-high-court-in-india it took almost 3 years to reach a verdict , which happened a week ago or so . 
  there was obvious corruption at play , witnesses admitting they were pressured by the police to give false witness and a lack of evidence , but somehow they were still found guilty and sentenced to 5 years in prison . 
  fucking india ... 
  showing off that ignorance again / u/xnicolex ? 
  there are more religions than christianity and islam . 
  this has been the practice in these parts for a very long time , especially in the winter , since people claim ( i have no idea if it 's true or not ) that it 's good for the baby to sleep outside in the cold and they usually sleep much better ( longer ) in the cold , they 're wrapped really tightly so only their face is exposed and not to direct wind . 
  even people who live in 5-9 story apartment buildings , leave their babies with strollers outside in front , and while now there are baby monitors , they used to just check every half our or so ( mothers can usually tell really well how long the baby is gon na sleep for though ) . 
  i personally was surprised that this seemed such a foreign concept for americans , i mean , who would mess with someone 's baby anyway ? 
   i mean , that seems like a profoundly bad idea regardless of which country you 're in . 
  babies are way too good at hurting themselves to be left completely unsupervised . 
  obviously this means children so small that they 're unable to get out of the stroller on their own . 
  nice . 
   how long has this been going on for ? 
  in some parts ? 
  decades . 
  actually it 's only an error of 1-2 years maximum , average error is just a few months . 
  i guess that 's how you lose the safety most of these countries like sweden used to have and enjoy , young girls going to a festival without a guardian ? 
  `` bad idea '' , ~ 17 year old girl walking home alone at night ? 
  `` bad idea '' , wearing revealing clothing outside ? 
  `` bad idea '' etc. 
  it 's so gradual that most people might not even notice that what was once safe and perfectly normal will turn into dangerous and discouraged . 
  that 's sad . 
  it reminds me how americans on reddit were really surprised that babies slept outside unsupervised in strollers in finland , the concept and the reality of what 's safe can be so different , even between very advanced countries . 
  too bad sweden is heading in the wrong direction . 
   one of the baltic countries . 
  that would be us , also a reason why we did n't have to take an imf loan like latvia and recovered a lot better than they did . 
  i did n't call anyone to do anything , all i said that i did n't follow that logic . 
  at what point does `` islamization '' begin ? 
  i guess it depends on how you define `` islamization '' , but i 'm guessing the very first step towards `` islamization '' however you define it would be importing muslims , which estonia is already forced to do by eu . 
  so i do n't see any better time to protest against it . 
  except islam and muslims actually exist , but pretty stellar analogy there buddy .
