  could you provide a source on jobbik ? 
   no , that 's not what i said at all . 
  what is the reason you brought them up in the first place ? 
   no economical , social , crime etc issues ? 
  definitely not economical since all studies on the topic point to immigration being a net-positive . 
  well this is absolutely untrue . 
  [ immigration from outside of eea cost uk 118 billion pounds . 
  ] ( http://www.cream-migration.org/files/fiscalej.pdf ) 2 . 
  [ non-western immigrants cost an average of 4,1 million nok during their lifetime to norway . 
  in 2005 loss per immigrant was estimated to be 2,6 million dk , for denmark . 
  - report velf\u00e6rdskommmissionen march 2005 ( the welfare commision ) page 26 . 
   what 's wrong with being white , working class or elderly ? 
  nothing . 
  they are the main contributers to any nationalistic party though . 
  mainly due to the fact that they are the biggest demographics group . 
  so why mention them in the first place ? 
   `` mass immigration '' itself is a buzzword that indicates a certain mentality , as there is no such thing as uncontrolled or mass immigration , and at least at the moment it is what defines nationalism in europe . 
  how so ? 
  if sweden received 100 000 refugees in 2014 among other immigration , can that be not called mass immigration ? 
   regarding anti-intellectualism : nationalist parties keep telling the population that the `` elites '' ought not to be listened to , that politicians or journalists ought not to be trusted , that the banksters are just out to get them , conspiracy theories enjoy some popularity , often anti-american or anti-semitic in nature . 
  can you give me some examples ? 
  especially interested in the conspiracy , anti-american and anti-semitic part . 
   nothing , but these people are more likely to support nationalist or populist parties and voter demographics are pretty good indicators where parties stand . 
  so basically that 's a demographic that should be ignored ? 
  are you saying there 's no other reason to be against mass immigration , except being nationalist ? 
  no economical , social , crime etc issues ? 
  can you expand on the `` anti-intellectualism '' ? 
  what 's wrong with being white , working class or elderly ? 
  it is n't illegal to leave eurozone , by current laws . 
  it just is n't stated how this should happen . 
  this does n't mean you ca n't leave though . 
   all these populist parties across europe seem to advocate national socialist policies . 
  like what ? 
  they never were `` true '' , their translator just did a poor job translating their party name from finnish to english . 
  and this is the garbage `` the guardian '' publishes , a pulitzer prize winning publication ... 
  how else do you portray finns party in a bad light ? 
  it 's only used to portray them in a bad light . 
  it 's dumb , because their finnish name has always had a completely different meaning . 
  i mean for the last few decades , sure . 
  but stuff from hundred or more years ago ? 
  should germans feel guilty about that ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  in reality , back then there were n't really assholes and non-assholes . 
  there were countries which were powerful and countries that were n't powerful . 
  if the countries which were n't powerful would 've been powerful , they would 've been doing the same immoral stuff . 
  of course there are exceptions to every rule , but mostly it holds true . 
  early 90 's 2 . 
  pretty much a regular bloke . 
  estonia , `` peace and quiet '' , having people to discuss and debate difficult issues with , freedom , + all the regular stuff like friends and family , income etc. 
  does n't really work like that , if there 's more people there is more demand for goods and services too , so that creates more jobs . 
  well , so we do n't die out . 
  also estonia has quite a low people per km2 , so we have a lot of room for more and would help us keep the countryside/islands alive . 
  and you 'd be able to take a train to berlin too . 
  the ball is in your court though , i 'm like 99 % sure estonia would go for it . 
  why are they bothering ? 
  i would let them have their fun , until they 're really not doing anything illegal . 
  ( except going on the island in the first place ) . 
  this would probably bring a bunch of tourism money and the crazies inhabiting the island would have to buy their stuff from the bordering countries , so economically it would make sense . 
  why do they deal with them ? 
  just let them be until the hague decides on who 's land it is . 
  they are n't bothering anyone , are they ? 
  seems like a waste of resources dealing with a non-problem . 
  ehh , estonia is n't even doing that poorly , still need to do some serious work to get to the left side of the graph . 
  hope our politicians stay on track . 
  `` darude - sandstorm '' - albert einstein, 
  at that point they 've already been fingerprinted to the eu wide refugee database , so it 's really easy to see that they were already granted asylum in poland . 
  is there a single huge online newspaper that does n't have most of the comments being trolls ? 
   and if they are found in another country they will be deported back to poland . 
  sauce ? 
  i 'm like 99 % sure this is n't true , at least our immigration minister said that they ca n't force anyone to stay in estonia , since they have freedom of movement inside the eu like everyone else . 
   eu commission estimates costs of resettling a single refugee at 6k eur . 
  6k eur is what the eu commission is going to pay to you for every refugee you accept , the real cost is much higher . 
  in estonia they said it 's currently 20k a year + other expenses . 
  2000 people is a drop in the bucket , what people are afraid of , is that it 's only the beginning . 
  that the 2000 will open the door for many more to come . 
  sweden did n't start out by accepting 100 000 immigrants either . 
  `` t\u0161ehhi '' in estonian . 
  is that an option ? 
  can the czech say `` no muslims , please '' ? 
  i was joking . 
  there are liberals in russia ? 
  do you mean deportations into siberia ? 
  not really an issue many people care about here . 
   at the very cynical least unless the greeks have something to lose by not talking part , they will not . 
  political and economical sanctions by nato members is nothing ? 
  nato is n't `` if you 're good to us , maybe we 'll come and help you '' , you take a serious obligation to defend other nato members . 
  it should have zero bearing how we feel about the greeks . 
  if they 'd break their nato agreement , it would have dire consequences for them , by getting ejected and getting economic and political sanctions from other nato members . 
  sure , but should n't it be illegal , you 'd have some idiots selling stuff with nazi symbolism , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  yes , the public perception against it is much stronger in germany than anywhere else , but saying nobody would is also incorrect . 
  well that 's silly , since you had no power to lift those bans on your own , because that 's how eu works , you need all countries to agree . 
  also , calling finland estonia 's vassal is hardly an insult , since we 're good friends . 
  i would n't be offended if some trolls called us finland 's vassal . 
   um , pretty much , yes . 
  their only friends are other neo-nazis . 
  there are special programs in place to help reintegrate those who decide to stop being neo-nazis . 
  yet there still are plenty of them , i do n't even really understand what you want to argue here . 
  neo-nazis exist , they really do n't care about their public perception , there would be neo-nazis who would sell stuff with nazi symbols if it were profitable and allowed . 
  yes , they are assholes . 
  but saying they do n't exist is silly .
