  should n't they be able to do better on estimating the age ? 
  i think realistically the us one would be a lot lower , if we remove all the degree mills and universities that would never be licensed in europe . 
  but it 's not `` the media '' it 's some media being negative towards immigrants and some being positive . 
  so it 's not `` the media '' , it 's left wing newspapers pushing their ideals and right wing newspapers pushing theirs and your previous point is completely moot ? 
  what media ? 
  the guardian and bbc for example , one of the biggest players in uk only write positive articles about refugees etc. 
   what are the habits of interacting with strangers in your country ? 
  you do n't . 
  estonian emigration rates are far lower than latvia or lithuania . 
  if it were obvious to you , you would understand that the eu parliament is very limited in telling countries what they can and ca n't do . 
  this tactic worked in ukraine because they were n't prepared , this was a one time deal . 
  this ca n't be replicated here , since we are ready to deal with any such issue . 
  eu is an union , not a federation . 
  i would n't really blame the people , but the parties . 
  if leftists keep ignoring issues the public cares about , like immigration , then obviously people will feel like their voices are n't being heard and will vote for someone else who does address these issues . 
  i agree that some of these parties are less than optimal in a lot of their positions , but the ball is entirely in the leftist court to start addressing these issues , they would get back a lot of their votes if they did , but at some point it will be too late . 
  you are very welcome to join nato anytime . 
  what do you think should be done with people like that ? 
  i mean radical islamists who are caught plotting a terror attack . 
  you ca n't really imprison someone for life for such a crime , but you absolutely know that when they get out they 're going to try again . 
  also the issue of them radicalizing other muslim prisoners while there . 
  the trouble is , that they will be imprisoned for a while , but they 'll be back at it the moment they get out , there 's no reforming people like that . . 
   http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/instruments/funding-by-country/serbia/index_en.htm i guess serbia wo n't be needing that 1,5 billion euros then ? 
  i seriously doubt that , estonia has n't either . 
  the thing is , that countries get such a good rate when loaning money that it 's often worth it to take loans , because if you consider inflation you 'll be paying back less . 
  this only works if creditors deem your country very trustworthy . 
  so the better off and more stable you are , the better rates you get . 
  the rich get richer , while the poor who actually more desperately need these loans , end up paying back more . 
  it 's more difficult than that , but that 's the gist of it . 
  something like that would never happen , because russia has nothing to gain from that . 
  in the best scenario which is very very unlikely where nato would n't help , they 'd end up with a global embargo , in the most likely scenario they 'd get completely annihilated . 
  also , russians living in estonia want to live in estonia more than they want to live in russia , because they get bigger pensions , they get higher salaries and they are generally better off here . 
  they would never get any serious local support . 
  ( we accept a thousand migrants a year outside of eu , who are all almost exclusively russian , the people migrating to russia is in single digits , although migrating to russia is much easier . ), 
  so they actually actively want to come to live in estonia . 
  estonian military is n't a mess like the ukrainian one after maidan and our military has spent decades only training and preparing for one thing , a russian invasion . 
  at the first sign of something fishy we would mount a serious defense . 
  i 'm not saying we would beat russia by ourselves , but we would give them much more trouble than it 's worth , we 're prepared to mobilize over 200 000 soldiers in 24h . 
  why estonia , why not latvia ? 
  it 's a very unrealistic scenario anyway . 
  cia committed torture in lithuania , there 's no evidence any of that happened in latvia or estonia . 
  this is why you do n't editorialize titles . 
  should n't this be named `` well dressed vs poorly dressed '' instead ? 
  it 's a fun video , but it 's trying to paint a very black and white image of the situation , when in reality it 's more multifaceted than that . 
  but what kind of a message does it send ? 
  `` austerity is for idiots , let other countries pick up the tab after you '' . 
  i think we were n't too realistic about getting anything back in the first place , i doubt greek default will affect our economy much , except whatever happens to the value of the euro . 
  are n't the ghost cities pretty much confirmed to be a myth and most of them have been inhabited ? 
  i 'm bad at this , can you provide some further reading , it seems interesting . 
  if i open this : http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/shcomp:ind and take the past year , it seems while there 's some constriction in the end , they 've still more than doubled of what it was a year ago . 
  i might be doing this horribly wrong though . 
  why is it a bubble ? 
  is n't china still a very poor country in per capita terms ? 
  what 's wrong with chinese stocks ? 
  there are plenty of eu members who are poorer than greece , without receiving insane amounts of bailout money . 
  i have trouble understanding why we should pay for the mess they created , when there are countries who have been responsible with their finances , but poorer . 
  russians already have their own nation . 
  you 're only two tones better , it 's not that big of a difference . 
  if you 'd remove the russian minority we 'd be the same color , you ca n't blame us for them : < . 
  yeah , first thought i had is that at some point one species would 've enslaved or had genocide on another and we 'd still be trying to overcome that . 
  oh well , still interesting to ponder . . 
  i think it 's a delicate process , there are some things we should integrate more on and there are others we should not . 
  i see eu as an union , not a federation . 
  the reasons are plenty , from a personal perspective as an estonian , a federation would mean that we have much less control over things , since we 're so small . 
  we would get steamrolled by the bigger members outvoting us . 
  secondly , nobody knows what 's the best way to do things , every country is an experiment of sort , some things work , other do n't and we learn from each others mistakes . 
  europe is the most developed part of the world , we 're the hub of this experimentation , if we 'd have a federation , a lot of this experimenting would cease and a lot of great innovations would n't happen . 
  it feels kinda disappointing and lonely that we 're the only intelligent species , i think it would be cool if there were others . 
  i could n't picture this happening here , local government does n't even have enough power to make that big off a mess for themselves , but i would not be ok with them leaving . 
  they 're still estonians , i feel a stronger kinship to them than anyone else and there 's so few of us left , we ca n't afford to divide ourselves . 
  although i would n't draw any parallels between that and greece and i have no strong opinion about greece staying or leaving either way . 
  iirc , everybody outside of africa has some neanderthal dna . 
  i 'd really wish they cloned a neanderthal some day , if you read about them they 're pretty interesting , some reputable sources say they might have been smarter than homo sapiens . 
  the un conventions were made having in mind people who would return home after the conflict ended voluntarily and not having in mind that people would abuse them to better their economic opportunities instead of fleeing for their life . 
  [ holy ] ( http://www.quickmeme.com/img/2e/2efcd4f12a8cbdad25d2c25167fa23b35a15037c2bf56f892d5091427a25519e.jpg ) , nice work though , really informative , gon na take some time looking through these . 
  whoa , jtalin , is that you ? 
  i 'm having difficulty comprehending that we 'd be on the same page for once . 
  the convention was made during different times and having different situations in mind . 
  i 'm not saying it should be terminated , but it definitely should be rewritten , because currently you have a lot of economic migrants abusing these conventions and that should stop . 
   un conventions about time to take another look at dem conventions , innit ? 
  i 'd blame the ones who stupidly believed the lies more , because they are in that position to make rational decisions , once in a while there is always going to be some crazy people throwing crazy accusations , it 's their job not to fall for stupid shit like that . 
  if they do , they 're clearly not competent enough for their job . 
  same as it is today , and will hopefully stay this way for thousands of years more . 
  to us as europeans . 
  estonians are n't that diverse ... 
  russians already have their own country . 
  syria is hardly sovereign . 
  everyone can develop from nothing , if you work hard . 
  the problem with those places is religion and corruption . 
  you wo n't get a skilled workforce if people are doing 3 years of quran school and you bar half of the workforce from doing meaningful jobs . 
  why ca n't you develop from nothing ? 
  the slovenian people woke up one day and all the industry was suddenly there ? 
  why ca n't they develop industry and a service sector ? 
  i think most countries are all for helping , anyway except accepting migrants . 
  italy should maybe ask for money to speed up the return of migrants coming by boat , etc. 
  because you do n't want to reward bad behavior . 
  what natural resource is slovenia selling to stay afloat ? 
  meh , you could become a more successful state without oil than many middle-eastern countries with oil , if you have a good secular democracy with minimal corruption . 
  but i guess that 's too much to hope for in that part of the world . 
  it 's pretty much the same thing , you care about things that happen around you , same way as you care about the people around you , or at least people who are alike you .
