  how about those statistics though ? 
   i could spend a day doing that . 
  here 's my first link , a report from someone who has a first hand experience : anecdotal evidence from a single refugee , i 'd like to see those statistics that prove everything i said was incorrect . 
   the reality is that this is a silly hyperbole of yours . 
  how is this a hyperbole ? 
  there are hundreds of millions of people in africa and middle-east willing to move to europe in a heartbeat . 
   none of what you said is true . 
  every news source and statistic says otherwise . 
  do share then . 
   there is an alternative . 
  it 's to accept them in europe instead of sending them into isis 's hands . 
  this is the solution that guarantees that they will not be hurt or killed or enslaved . 
  we should n't forget that they are human beings just like us , and they need help . 
  the reality is that we ca n't accept the entire african population into europe . 
   majority of them are . 
  majority of them are n't , or you would n't have so many people who have `` lost '' their documents and they would n't all be young well-fed men with nice clothes and the money to pay smugglers several thousand euros . 
  majority of them are economic migrants . 
   the boats did n't stop coming when marenostrum ended . 
  desperate people will continue to take try to cross . 
  yes , because we did n't send the boats back , they just stopped actively helping them for a while . 
   that 's actually a terrible solution considering the place these people are running away from . 
  safety of human beings is a moral priority for europeans and these refugees will be safer here than in libya or syria . 
  there is no alternative . 
  a lot of them are n't refugees . 
  estonian 3 number , 3 letter plates are obviously superior . 
  and it will only increase , once people back home hear of their success crossing the mediterranean , because of our open borders policy . 
  at some point the number of vessels will overwhelm the rescue boats and a bunch of people will drown again , which will make eu send more ships there , which will result in even more people trying to cross and overwhelming the rescue boats again and people drowning again and eu sending more boats * ad infinitum * . 
  there is really only one solution here and it 's turning around all the boats , is it a perfect solution ? 
  but there is n't a better one . 
  you can take a train from tallinn to helsinki ? 
  what a load of bull , obviously nothing would really change for expats , as nothing would change for people who already legally immigrated to the uk . 
  not that i support uk leaving , but this is just scaremongering , but what can you really expect from vice anyway . 
  do i like it ? 
  no do i understand it to a level ? 
  yes my point was that you ca n't really guilt some countries into accepting refugees , like estonia for example . 
  although `` all '' means `` under '' in estonian . 
  if they 're genuine refugees and they know they have zero success taking a boat to europe , they will seek refuge in neighboring countries instead . 
  pretty much everyone is against this except some of the bigger players . 
  it 's all about power . 
  bigger players want more power , smaller players want to keep their sovereignty . 
  this is my impression as an estonian , i could be wrong , just giving my thoughts on it . 
  common sense ? 
  if something has a zero chance of success people will stop trying to do it . 
  they probably already have by a lot and sooner or later it will stop altogether , if there 's no point in trying people will stop . 
  `` madal '' in that word means low \\ ^ \\ ^ , but close enough !, 
  was n't romania in a similar position ? 
  they seem to be doing pretty well now , so there 's hope for you as well . 
  the number of people who reached australia went down and there 's no doubt the people trying the trip will drop close to zero as well eventually . 
  yeah , serbia is in a difficult position . 
  i hope you guys come around . 
  still works though . 
  we 're talking about finland , what i 'm trying to say is that finnish people do n't have a negative impression about black people because they 're black , but rather have a negative impression about somalis because they 're overrepresented in crime . 
   gib euromonies pls well you 're getting ridiculous amounts of euromonies tho . 
  which i support . 
  because it works . 
  you mean the estonians that were returned to russia by sweden and finland , to face execution or gulags ? 
  holland and madalmaad ( which is a direct translation of netherlands - lowlands ), 
   the swedish result on the question about jews certainly does n't fit the recent media narrative . 
  it does though , the problem is n't swedes being anti-semitic , it 's immigrants . 
   and what 's up with finland and black people ? 
  it 's most likely not about black people but somalis in particular , but because almost all black people in finland are somali they become one and the same in the mind of an average person . 
  the negative impression likely stems from somalis being overrepresented in crime statistics . 
  like i said in a similar thread before , i think it would be great if finland and sweden joined , because then we could establish complete control over the baltic sea . 
  no more surprise submarines . 
  if push ever came to shove , we could completely deny russia any avenue for attack in the baltic sea , which i believe is currently one of the bigger threats . 
  the amount of cars in estonia with russian number plates has increased immensely in the past few years . 
  usually expensive cars too . 
  it 's no surprise in these parts that a lot of russians are leaving . 
  loans go on hold while you 're in the military , + you earn a bit of money while you 're there , so in reality , for most people their economic situation will be better after they finish conscription . 
  yeah , poor estonians and finns , how do they manage to pull it off ? 
  oh wait , they do and they 're not crying about it . 
  why would we want our math scores to drop ? 
  kek . 
  the swedish migration board did nothing wrong , the reason that man did n't get asylum is exactly the same reason why ukrainians are n't given asylum , because most of the country is safe . 
  he did n't have to go back to chechnya , he could 've stayed in moscow or anywhere else in russia . 
  we do n't really know what the actual sexual assault rate in sweden is , since they gather their statistics differently , but probably still a lot higher than most oecd members . 
  are n't most of your foreigners germans ? 
  that barely counts ... 
  why do you think they do n't want to live together ? 
  if i were to immigrate into another country , i would like to live close to other estonians . 
   it is n't that hard to manage town/community development to ensure that the most convenient real estate is scattered , rather than concentrated in a few quarters . 
  yes , it is n't `` that hard '' , it 's impossible . 
  and all this has ever achieved when tried is white flight . 
  not to mention trying this is very problematic for a multitude of reasons . 
  the argument sounds akin to saying `` people ca n't levitate because they 're not trying hard enough '' . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf the country with 10th highest robberies , second highest assaults , 5th highest bulgaries , second highest car thefts out of oecd members is one of the safest countries in the world ? 
  and these are 2012 statistics , i 'm more than sure the stats are higher for 2014-2015 . 
  why does it seem that not a single country can implement immigration non-poorly ? 
  what are you supposed to do when they want to live together in one area ? 
  tell them they ca n't ? 
  you sure the cleaning ladies were estonian ? 
  unemployed man ? , vodka , axe , ca n't undestand the last one . 
  do n't worry though finlan , you can always come work in estonia : ) . 
  so why are they pushing this refugee quota system ? 
  just take them all and problem solved . 
  you do understand that us is n't the only country with a military industry ? 
  you could buy everything you need from other eu members . 
  you 're just advocating a race to the bottom , say poland says that they 're only spending 1 % , then france says `` well if poland only spends 1 % then why should we spend any more '' and that 's how it goes until there 's no real military left . 
  everybody should spend their fair share , if somebody wants to spend more , we ca n't stop them , but nobody should be forced to pick up the tab after anyone else . 
  nobody is cheering for military buildup , but the reality is that we have a neighbor who has made it clear that it has no problem invading other countries even in the 21st century and we need to be able to protect ourselves .
