  lazy or not , 3rd world migrants generally do n't have enough education to contribute to the job market here . 
  [ that 's why only 53 % of refugees entering sweden have found a job after 10 years . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-30/refugees-welcome-to-sweden-you-ll-get-a-job-in-a-decade ) and that was when the numbers were small , and they could eventually be absorbed to the few no skills jobs left . 
  with current numbers , by 2025 , that number will be much much worse . 
  on a bit of an unrelated note , i tried making big macs with following [ this recipe ] ( https://youtu.be/rcu4bj3xeyi ) and they turned out great !, 
   would n't that mean that only countries like france and the uk would get immigrants because while there are plenty of french and english speaking people elsewhere . 
  i doubt there are many say polish or estonian speaking people . 
  works for us !, 
  but livonians were n't latvians , they spoke a finnic language like estonians . 
  your question is better suited here - https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope, 
  what ? 
  give it to your local orphanage instead . 
   last time i checked swedish universities offer similar programs to those elsewhere in europe . 
  pretty sure that computer science students also code a lot during their studies . 
  bruh , estonia teaches coding in primary school now , get with the times . 
  except for estonian women !, 
  for all the shit orban is getting in western media , it seems like he 's doing a pretty good job . 
  the wall worked beautifully , paid off loans , hungary has one of the lowest unemployment rates in eu etc. 
  left wing - good , right wing - nazi . 
  that 's their intention , bbc for a long time now has n't hidden its agenda . 
  man this video is gold . 
  why do you think you 'll even get a greencard ? 
  it 's pretty difficult to obtain . 
  did n't expect this from iceland ... 
  yeah , they do n't care about scientific facts , they 'll never look anything up themselves , especially not any scientific studies , only the ones posted in their hugboxes on twitter or tumblr or w/e . 
  and when they are confronted with scientific studies they just ignore and deny it , because feels  reals . 
  basically it is mandatory , but it is n't enforced . 
  are there currently such neighbourhoods , that are even half as bad as molenbeek ? 
  that just shows skinheads exist , what about the `` most violent '' part ? 
  the second link cited only a few events from two decades ago . 
  i 'm saying exactly the opposite , you 're accusing people for fixating on these issues because of the perpetrators race and religion . 
  what i 'm saying is that the reaction would be the same if they were white and christian/secular . 
  i meant this part :  it also has among the most violent right wing extremists in the world . 
  so what you 're saying is that when there were similar problems with eastern-european immigrants there was outrage in media about them as well , even though they were of the same race and religion as ethnic brits ? 
  so what 's the problem again ? 
  could you source me some of those events ? 
  since i honestly have n't heard about them . 
  which `` underprivileged crime ridden areas that are n't full of muslims/foreigners . '', 
  face these problems and are n't spoken about ? 
  i do n't think there are any , at least of this scale . 
  although , i wish there were idk `` belarusian secular immigrants '' also causing such issues and people like you would finally see that the outrage is n't related to anyone 's religion or race but the behavior of certain groups . 
   that whole area needs to be cleaned out . 
  anyone who does n't cooperate needs to be stripped of benefits and stay status and thrown the fuck out ... 
  i wonder how molenbeek is only recently in the news ... that place has been shit hole for decades what part of this mentions anyones race or religion ? 
  i do n't condone any violence or vandalism by anyone , although it is true , that in countries without multiculturalism , there also are n't `` right-wingers doing something bad '' , ie estonia . 
  why are you still posting here then , you 've said you quit r/europe . 
  either leave or make better arguments than `` everybody is a racist and fascist '' . 
  our sanctions were more in name only , they had little effect . 
  the biggest effect from the sanctions were probably discouraging investment , since you do n't know if the sanctions get worse or what happens . 
  so you go for something more stable . 
  the biggest effect has definitely been due to the oil prices dropping . 
  some 14 year olds probably are , especially if their partner is around the same age . 
  the point was , that it is n't in our culture , mentality , that grown men would chase/marry schoolgirl age women . 
  it is in some . 
  from my estonian perspective , i think 14 is fine , 16 would probably be fine too . 
  pedophiles go for prepubescent children and considering the general mentality here , i do n't think most people 14-16 are sexually active here and it is n't a big problem if a 18 year old sleeps with a 15 year old etc. 
  i would see the need to raise the minimum age if a lot of migrants from countries and cultures where grown men chasing school girls is normal came here , though . 
  so a man who was n't guilty was robbed 11 years of his life without any restitution ? 
   300 $ at an upscale restaurant wat, 
  he did n't say `` whole families '' . 
  how is it ineptitude though ? 
  the police were n't prepared for that , since europeans do n't behave like that . 
  obviously it 's the governments fault for not preparing the police force for such eventualities , by increasing the number of policemen and their training to deal with such situations . 
  if the refugee numbers were to continue , germany would soon need an american style militarized police force . 
  this requires a lot of money . 
  i never understood this , what these people are advocating is n't diversity . 
  a diverse europe consists of many nations , cultures , people . 
  what this man is advocating , is turning europe and eventually the entire world ( ca n't wait until they start bringing diversity into mena btw ) into one and the same mess . 
  he never said he wanted to torture family members of terrorists . 
  it 's also quite inane saying a person who 's made billions of dollars is an idiot . 
  only if it 's the english flag , palestinian etc are all okay !, 
  that 's how democracy generally works , turks elected this government . 
  turkey only makes up 4 % of eu trade , we would manage . 
  of course it would hurt a bit for some sectors , but it is n't even comparable what would happen to turkey . 
  some 35 % of turkish exports are to eu , your country would collapse overnight if 35 % of your economy was gone . 
  how can a `` research fellow '' at an university write such a load of crap ? 
  apparently sweden 's economy , job market and everything else is 1:1 for the rest of western-europe , so he can easily make conclusions that if sweden managed ( did it really if we 're honest ? ), 
  then everyone else should 've too !, 
   if other western european countries would have matched the swedish per-capita intake of the past decade ( not counting 2015 ) , and europe would have hosted an additional five million refugees today , the current crisis would have been far less serious . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  how would the current crisis be far less serious ? 
  has this person seen the number of people living in africa and the middle east ? 
  does he think it 's somewhere around 5 million ? 
  it would be much much worse right now . 
  2015 elections were the first time our `` far right '' party made it into the parliament , with 8 % of the vote , currently they 're polling at 14 % . 
  so they have been rising quite fast , but i doubt they 're going to rise much further , unless eu forces a lot of refugees on us or something bad happens , like refugees raping or killing an estonian or something like that . 
  then this place would absolutely blow up . 
  which is ? 
  russia has been embargoed ? 
  name one !, 
  they would get dethroned quickly , if things took such a turn for the worse , their leaders care about stability and preserving their power . 
  conversely , the biggest advocates of censorship , safe spaces etc here are the biggest freedom of speech advocates for islam . 
  what country in the world can survive eu pulling aid and doing a trade embargo ? 
  not a single one where these people are coming from ? 
  right , then there 's no problem sending them home . 
  that guy is n't even estonian , one russian guy , a statistical outlier . 
  what guy is that ? 
  `` a single convert '' is statistically insignificant , you can probably find a few people who believe the earth is flat in estonia as well . 
  but for all intents and purposes , you can say there are n't basically any . 
  since i live here .
