  2 % is n't some crazy amount , it 's the minimum required by nato and everybody should do their part if they are a member . 
  the entire europe has no spine , sadly . 
   yeah i am so glad we been meeting that minimum , it has really helped our economy and not sent us into a spiral of debt by being the best german/usa/french and russian customer . 
  so whine that you 're spending more than the minimum , not that you 're meeting the minimum . 
  how is the amount relevant ? 
  the only thing that matters is the % . 
  estonia was hit particularly hard by the crisis , still kept meeting the 2 % defense spending and we 're doing great . 
  finns are always welcome !, 
  estonia , estonia , plan to stay here , because i love it here . 
  we get a thousand russians every year anyway , the maximum amount we 're willing to take . 
  people getting caught is exactly what shows that corruption is decreasing . 
  it would be a much worse sign if there were no corruption charges . 
  latvia pls . 
  hardly surprising when people ca n't afford to have children and women ca n't afford to miss work . 
  these are serious issues that should be tackled . 
  no woman should have to choose between having children and a career and no family should have to choose between having a decent standard of living and having children . 
  there should be major tax breaks and benefits for people having children , at least to the level that they 'd be as well off having children than they would be if they did n't . 
   in estonia , leaving russians is not the case anymore . 
  more russians move here each year than go back to russia . 
  they 're not going back to russia but to other eu countries , their birth rate is lower than estonian as well . 
  so middle-east and north-africa ? 
  u wot m8t ? 
  native estonian birth rate is pretty much equal to death rate . 
  we have a lot of time left and it 'll probably start growing again soon . 
  the loss in population is mostly russians leaving and i ca n't say i 'm * too * sad about that . 
  the article says it 's 61,6 % . 
  yeah , but it was n't really some noble quest to defeat fascism , it was a good ole clay grab . 
  the amount of people emigrating will probably drop a lot in the next few years , since latvia 's economy is reaching pre-crisis levels . 
  the people currently leaving are n't mostly latvian as well , which is n't that bad for latvians , because they only make up 61 % of their population . 
  ** estonia ** * three killed as rally car hits spectators [ err ] ( http://news.err.ee/v/sports/6eb4e986-5854-4d38-a6fa-0d28261ee08b ) 25 year old couple and a 41 year old man . 
  really sad news , there 's so few of us that any young people dying really hurts especially hard . 
  they were n't the good guys back then either , they invaded finland without any provocation and annexed the baltics etc. 
  except all those countries that got forcibly annexed by soviet union during the wwii ... 
  would have soviet union been able to liberate stalingrad without lend-lease ? 
   in total , the us deliveries through lend-lease amounted to $ 11 billion in materials : over 400,000 jeeps and trucks ; 12,000 armored vehicles ( including 7,000 tanks , about 1,386 of which were m3 lees and 4,102 m4 shermans ) ; 11,400 aircraft ( 4,719 of which were bell p-39 airacobras ) and 1.75 million tons of food . 
  i think it 's doubtful . 
  well russia does claim to be the successor to soviet union . 
  did n't everyone commit war crimes though ? 
  especially soviet union , but other allies as well . 
  you 'd need 120 to be on the same level per capita \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
  nothing really , court proceedings are going to begin soon , russia denied estonian consul entry to the proceedings . 
  yes , europe is one big country , i think we speak french here , so of course you should post your country specific questions here ... 
  8 out of 89 are estonians . 
  i think we win per capita . 
  what 's our prize ? 
  eastern-poland !, 
  yeah , this is barely news here . 
  business as usual . 
  i think media has gone to shit all over the world lately . 
  with the media monopolies , dodgy government funding , ridiculous political correctness the biases are stronger than ever and everyone seems to push their narrative , free unbiased media seems not to exist anymore . 
  is it a target in estonia ? 
  knock-knock , motherfuckers !, 
  i think the worst part about this is that a lot of these people have their higher education paid by the state . 
  so there are huge amounts of tax payer money spent on these people and instead of using it to benefit their country , some other country snatches them up with bigger pay . 
  i think it would be fair that if you decide to use your education to work in another country , you should reimburse the state . 
  okay , well like i said , i do n't think it will get major coverage for the reasons previously stated . 
  i do n't understand the first three lines of your post , although about popping up in the future , i 'm not sure , i 'm sure it will get some coverage , but i suspect the coverage will stay rather small . 
  although , like you said , the full thing is n't even out yet and then there 's a lot of time before it 's voted on . 
  there 's actually nothing here , i have n't heard a single estonian publication say a word on ttip . 
  although they might have , but i just missed it , but i frequent the most popular online publications quite often . 
  i guess part of the reason is that since we 're so small we do n't really expect to get much of a say in it anyway and estonia pretty much votes how the big players do . 
  also the refugee quota thing is getting the most attention currently . 
  people are rather unhappy about it . 
  humans did n't exist 430 000 years ago . 
  neanderthals were n't human ancestors , this whole article is very weird . 
   the only choice is between fixing countries that are the source of the problem , or accepting their refugees , and both require quite a lot of investment . 
  except accepting their refugees does n't fix anything . 
  the fuck finland , i thought we were bros !, 
  so when can we get this party started ? 
  why is he getting downvoted , if you scroll down the pictures on the article are very similar to the picture here . 
  our current plan is to get rich through it , although maybe we can get rich off of natural resources too one day with graptolitic argillite , estonia has 5.67 million tonnes of uranium in graptolitic argillite , but it 's difficult to extract . 
  should the more easily accessible uranium resources run out and/or the technology to harvest uranium out graptolitic argillite become more economical , we too might get rich off of our natural resources . 
  there are rumors that the first nuclear bomb built by the soviet union got the uranium from estonian graptolitic argillite . 
  ca n't we catch a damn break ? 
  i would be only fair that we get rich off of some natural resources for all that we have had to go through . 
  are you telling me estonia ca n't into shale gas monies ? 
  okay , this makes it a lot different , funny that it was n't mentioned in the guardian article . 
  honestly , i would agree . 
  when i was 18 i was n't the dumbest guy , i got second place on the national debate championship etc , but honestly i did n't know much about political parties and pretty much voted for what was popular in my age group and what my parents voted for . 
  it took several years more before i actually made an informed decision on my own . 
   wont have tear for them and their population ( voters ) . 
  so the same should happen to the soviet union 's population for the atrocities committed by the soviet union and to the current population of russia for what russia is doing in ukraine ? 
  i mean , if he did it like described in your resource it 's okay , but from the article it seems like he just beat the rabbit with a bicycle pump until it died . 
  there 's a difference between animal abuse and killing an animal for food . 
  beating an animal to death with a bicycle pump is animal abuse . 
  are you really this thick ? 
  the problem is n't about running fiber cables , but that the infrastructure is privately owned , so there 's no competition and monopolies have no reason to make the service better , although lately google has mixed things up a bit with google fiber , although it 's still a very very small project . 
   dude , the fact actually has sources cited as archeology journal and a history documentary yes and i cited the exact source provided and said that there are many conflicting sources . 
  what are you not getting here ? 
   i 've heard there is some sort of nationalistic myth that curonians were actually estonians i have never heard of something like that and a google gives no responses that anyone has ever even said this . 
   and anyway the point is that they were able to resist , not so much that they attacked that town is it ? 
  `` ancient latvian chiefdoms not only repelled their attacks and remained independent , but one of them ( the curonians ) sent a fleet of ships to the swedish capital of sigtuna and burned it to the ground . '', 
  seems like the point was that they attacked the town . 
  it might be a downside to eu that it 's hard to recover from such stuff , but they brought it on themselves . 
  although who knows where they would be right now without all the handouts from eu . 
  what a bunch of idiots . 
  does denmark not have laws against animal abuse ? 
  why do we need such a comprehensive trade deal in the first place ? 
  could n't it be done on a more case by case basis ? 
  if there 's so much stuff crammed together , there 's bound to be very good things , rather neutral things and very bad things in it .
