  ( some 80-90 % of our total hiv positive population is ethnic russian ) . 
  overall , we 're not all that different in most regards and people here do n't look for conflict , they want to mind their own business , so bar some few events far in between , we get along fine . 
  there 's still a lot of work to be done and efforts to be made , but i 'm sure in a few generations we will manage to integrate most . 
  tartu is the best . 
  we get along , there really is n't any problems with our russian minority currently . 
  we 're still integrating them and it will probably take a few more generations , but there is no conflict or any major disagreements . 
  bestonia by far !, 
  20 % and 30 % is a big difference . 
  he is not correct by far . 
  tartu university is ranked very high in the world , our healthcare is also ranked very high in the world , although we 're only about the ~ 40th richest country in the world per capita . 
  i doubt a doctor would get a better medical education in finland than estonia . 
  just create a filter , a megathread will be cancer in whatever way it 's constructed . 
  studying for my physics exam , it 's absolute cancer , 20 pages of terms , 5 pages of devices , 6 pages of functions and a pretty difficult alternating current exercise , i basically need to learn about 40 pages of text by heart , in which some terminology makes little sense , fun times . 
  there really is n't such a thing as fair distribution or maybe there is , but at least latvia and estonia would be receiving negative refugees with that arrangement . 
  estonian population is 70 % native , latvian even less . 
  none of the countries pushing quotas have anywhere close to the same amount of foreigners in their country . 
  estonians wo n't be flying those aircraft , since they 're not ours . 
  nato members rotate some of their fighters here . 
  :'( , people have the wrong opinions . 
  why is n't anything done about this ?? 
  you mean how war looked like during wwii in these areas is delusional and something that could n't be expanded to today ? 
  the babies are n't gon na leave on their own , and women are very very valuable in a conflict , they 're probably going to be the home front , working in factories , assembling and cleaning stuff , making food for the front line and much else . 
  i think winter war is a very good example how incredibly important women are in a war situation . 
  there 's nothing more important for me and i believe for the majority of estonians than independence . 
  i will gladly give my life to preserve the self determination of estonians . 
  i love my people and i will sacrifice my life for them and i believe this view is in the majority . 
  i 'm sorry , but do you have some sort of a mental issue ? 
  you seem to be unable to understand very basic text , i suggest you read it again twice and rethink what you wrote . 
  selective policing in norway ? 
  thanks !, 
  can you post those norwegian media sites ? 
   how do you know the media usually wants to sweep these things under the rug ? 
  because it happens so often , like the rotherham child exploitation that went unreported for over a decade or when it eventually did , the men were referred to as asians while they were actually of middle-eastern origin . 
  or how swedish media has been caught photoshopping images of criminals to have lighter skin or many facts and statistics that go unreported at all , besides on some more obscure news sources . 
  i told you that finnish medical practices are recruiting estonians , not that finns are studying here for free . 
  although if they study in estonian it 's free for them as well , and a doctor friend told me there are at least 15-20 coming to study medicine here every year and are in the same classes , so i 'm guessing they 're studying for free in estonian . 
  i 'm not talking about rape , but assault rape and gang rape . 
   https://youtu.be/rpno2bvt1nm the youtube channel is questionable , but the video seems from a legit norwegian news channel and says all assault rapes in last 5 years had been committed by non-western males ( if translated correctly , maybe some norwegian can weigh in ) . 
  i think the issue here is that the native norwegians do n't commit such acts , like gang rape or assault rape . 
  iirc all assault rapes in norway in recent years have been committed by males of non-western origin . 
  honestly i 'm more than sure most norwegians have n't even heard about it . 
  things like these are usually something the media wants to sweep under the rug . 
  yes !, 
  estonia has always been happy to work with latvia and lithuania , the only issue we have is that our languages are very different and none of us speak each others languages . 
  although the older generation all speak russian and the younger generation all speak english , so it 's not like we ca n't communicate !, 
  maybe we 've just had trouble to find common projects and finland and estonia have both been very interested in cooperating , which is lucrative to us , since they have a lot of money to throw around . 
  i do hope we will increase common cooperation between the baltic countries in the future !, 
  there 's really nothing wrong with being called a balt besides it being somewhat incorrect . 
  so i meant no offence by that !, 
  although sometimes it 's annoying we all get lumped together , although some things do n't apply to all of us , like saying there are a huge number of estonians in western-europe or studying in denmark , while there really is n't , estonian emigration rates per capita are about two times lower than latvia or lithuania , in addition to there being less of us . 
  estonians are n't balts , we 're finnic and i seriously doubt you 've met almost any estonians there , maybe latvians and lithuanians . 
  what does nato have to do with the eu ? 
  also we never `` asked '' for that money . 
  do share then , when has estonia asked for help with our economy or with our defense from the eu . 
   by the way , unlike in finland , higher education is not free in estonia . 
  so unlike the estonian students here . 
  all higher education is free in estonia . 
  please provide statistics that there were any big numbers of estonians living and working in finland prior to 2004 . 
  i 've spoken to a lot of finns and most see estonians as brothers and friends , your view is clearly in the minority there . 
  there are under 50 000 estonians living and working in finland , there are about 7000 finns living and working in estonia . 
  your medical practices are running campaigns in our universities to get people who have gotten a higher education on our tax money to work in finland . 
  this is n't even a comparable situation . 
  estonia has asked eu for help with our economy or with our defense ? 
  what have you been smoking ? 
  what ? 
  none of the people i know , young or old , support accepting refugees , none of them are anti-gay . 
  most are indifferent , but are n't against gay marriage etc. 
  well `` the other side '' is dumb then , since before they 're officially recognized as refugees , they 're migrants . 
  so maybe he should n't be making claims ? 
  easy , do a search on `` refugees '' on bbc . 
  what you will find on pictures actually showing refugees is mostly women and children , while in reality the vast majority of refugees are young men . 
  if that 's not trying to push a certain agenda , i do n't know what is . 
   that 's why russian government on multiple occasions denounce the crimes committed by soviet leadership . 
  are you dreaming ? 
  they have n't even admitted to most of the things they did , they teach revisionist history in school and lie in the media . 
   and no one asks modern germany to constantly apologize or answer for the crimes of nazi regime . 
  because they 've done so already and 99 % of germans will tell you that what they did was wrong , i doubt even half of the russians will admit to the crimes the soviet union committed or see that it was wrong . 
   and definitely no one prosecutes german minorities in countries which were under occupation of third reich . 
  because there are n't any german colonialists living in formerly colonized countries . 
  i will feel the same way , i will most likely be in the front lines fighting anyway . 
  and they should n't have to . 
  we will not solve a conflict with people fleeing , but by standing up to our aggressors . 
  so some countries and people should own up to their mistakes and mistakes their forefathers made like germany and germans , but for others like russia and russians they share no responsibility ? 
  not even the responsibility to admit that what was done was wrong or even to admit that it happened ? 
  how are these things connected ? 
  nato does n't seem to take much of a stance on immigration nor was there anything about that in the treaty . 
  completely different things . 
  are these really the mental gymnastics the russian populations in latvia and estonia use to justify the crimes committed against us and our countries ? 
  do you even believe that yourself ? 
  oh , so because the occupation lasted a long time , it somehow makes it okay to colonize another country ? 
  are you being serious ? 
  what about no refugees at all ? 
  http://www.reporter.ee/2015/06/16/vao-kulas-vagistasid-pagulased-purjus-naise/ this is what / u/drakestrafe is talking about , it 's in estonian , but shot in vao village and locals say that it 's very common for the refugees to throw stones at local kids , they have entered properties without permission and allegedly gang raped a drunk woman . 
  some of that stuff i 've heard in news here , the throwing stones and bothering local women . 
  the number of people who have migrated from estonia to western-europe is rather small even in per capita values . 
  and anyway , i do n't understand this logic at all , why would the people who stay here get punished because some people left ? 
  natives leaving is already very bad for us , since we 've spent a lot of money on their education , which is one of the strongest in europe and a net win for any country receiving them . 
  that 's why we 're making great strides in trying to keep the amount of people leaving as low as possible . 
  with third world migrants , this is obviously not the case . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lyme_disease_controversy the disease you 're describing has no clinical evidence of existence .
