  seem pretty different to me . 
  i 've always felt jelly about how you somehow skirted the russification campaign and remained pretty homogeneous . 
  well , good for you guys anyway !, 
  estonia is wrong as well , the most popular male name in estonia is `` vladimir '' , second is `` aleksander '' and third is `` sergei '' . 
  mostly because russians seem to be very unimaginative in naming their kids . 
  there are 12167 `` vladimir '' 's in estonia , while the most popular estonian male name `` andres '' is only at 6476 . 
  estonians are about 70 % of our population , russians are about ~ 27 % . 
  please send help , no more . 
  estonian police is n't heavy handed as well , but they wo n't be pushed around forever . 
  at one point they will have enough and shut that shit down . 
  of course we should , we should give aid to those countries to help them , because that 's where the most vulnerable refugees are - the women , the children and the elderly . 
  the money the eu spends on hosting each economic migrant , we could help dozens there . 
  european media just repeats what it hears from anglo media . 
  nobody really bothers to do their own research . 
  and why would they , journalism is very underpaid . 
  i think many feel that the displeasure has been expressed nicely quite a few times and a decade + later nothing has changed . . 
  people have been pretty pissed at ireland over the tax schemes for a very long time , this is not something recent . . 
  if you were a sensible person , you would n't even apply , since you 're full aware that you are very biased in quite a few controversial issues , so it would be pretty much impossible for you to keep a clear head in many moderation questions . 
  think of it like this , would you want moderators that are as far `` right '' as you are far `` left '' ? 
  if the answer is no , you should leave the moderating to people who do n't hold that strong convictions . 
  that 's why i 'd never apply . 
  also why it 's a travesty that they 'd mod someone like / u/jtalin . 
  [ why do the crazies always want the mod positions ? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/j4wy1fx ) if you constantly argue for one side of an issue , how do you propose to stay neutral as a mod ? 
  just stop . 
  i 'd think \u00d6sel is the island to the left of estonia , not the one above , but god knows . . 
  i just noticed now that the guy 's name is `` border travel '' in estonian , well almost , `` piiri reis '' would be exact . 
  what 's that thing between estonia and finland supposed to be ? 
  sauron 's eye ? 
  that 's 50 years before ww1 , that 's a pretty old castle . . 
  the article never mentions `` piaac '' . 
  where do you get this ? 
  literacy skill ! = cleverness who cares about literacy ? 
  languages are of vastly different difficulties and importance between countries . 
  why on earth would you measure the thing that 's most different between countries , when you could 've measured pretty much anything else besides history and get much more accurate results ? 
  am i taking crazy pills here ? 
  why not test math , chemistry , physics , biology etc ? 
  and actually get a comparison that 's worth a damn . 
  the article never mentions `` numeracy '' . 
  i think these per 100 000 and per 1 000 000 are sometimes a bit misleading about small countries , estonia and uk are both going to have 1 police director ( or w/e the highest person in charge of the police force is called ) , although for estonia it 's gon na raise the per 100 000 number by ~ 0.1 , but for uk it 's only gon na raise it something like ~ 0.012 , and there are many other jobs like that . 
  honestly , they should do the same for people with a fixed office , but set it to a fixed time then , ie you work 7 hours a day , the 8th hour is the commute to and from work . 
  8 hour work days are dumb anyway , productivity for pretty much every job out there has skyrocketed compared to the ~ 100 years ago the 8 hour work day was instituted , so why do we still have to work the same amount of time ? 
  4-5 hours would probably make a lot more sense . 
  get another job then ? 
  funny that something like this would 've gotten downvoted to hell in the threads about the anti-abortion ban protest that took place in poland ... 
   finland has 179,884 islands well that depends on how you classify an island , if every small rock that 's higher than the water level qualifies as an island , then sure . 
   also ; a lot of speech is illegal ? 
  it sounds like you think that saying things which are n't `` politically correct '' will lead to a prison sentence . 
  i can assure you that 's not the case . 
  i 'm not saying that saying things that are not `` politically correct '' will automatically land you in prison in sweden , but you must agree , that hate speech laws are enforced more strictly in sweden then they are in most anywhere else in europe ? 
  that argument would make sense if they actually had us style `` freedom of speech '' , but they do n't . 
  there 's a lot of speech that can land you in prison in sweden . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  it 's the same as asking why italian history should be studied in italian schools . 
  it 's part of your country , of being italian , of your culture and identity . . 
   if a country has next to zero women in political roles than it 's reasonable to assume that there are problems in that country for women . 
  if it has next to zero , sure . 
  if it has 15 % , 25 % or 35 % , then it 's plain stupid to count it as a factor of inequality , until they can deliver scientific proof that women and men aspire leadership positions equally and that women and men ** on average ** are equally capable for such positions . 
  both of which all modern research contradicts . 
  i think this is the diversity most of europeans can get behind , not the one that has 3 kebab shops in every village . 
  keep on keeping on !, 
  i bookmarked it and will definitely come useful to me when i want to take a road trip in europe . 
  it 's a really informative post and i see you 've put a lot of effort into it , but what 's with the grammar ? 
  i suggest running it through a spellcheck first , some even pick up on some word order mistakes . 
  otherwise , very well done . 
  according to the subreddit rules , you should tag it as original content as well . 
   is she also going to be paid 1/3 less , compared to her male counterpart - like the rest of estonian woman are ? 
  women and men in estonia get paid pretty much the same for the same work . 
  that 's crazy low , i got a ~ 120 eur fine for going 20 over in estonia 7 years ago . 
  much worse now . 
  they confiscate your license , if your home country and the country you lost your license in shares such data with each other then you will usually have to go through the same procedure of when you get your license confiscated at your home county , ( for estonia it is doing the driving exams again after x time has passed , or something like that ) , but that again depends on your home country . 
  if they do n't share that data , you can just tell your `` dmv '' that you lost your license and ask for a new one and you wo n't have any trouble . 
  i know in estonia some years back , when bunch more countries started sharing this data with each other , there was a quite a large shit show that a lot of people who had their license confiscated abroad had lied that they lost it and were in quite deep shit later . 
  worked pretty alright for hungary , innit ? 
  mines usually maim or kill one person , people would have to be very close to each other and very unlucky for it to kill multiple people . 
  you can build a wall . . 
   latvia has their own social media site . 
  i think its called draugs.lv or something loke that and its more popular than facebook . 
  if it 's more popular than facebook , then there must a shitton of people in latvia who use both , since estonians do n't have an alternate social media network and we have 45 % using facebook , to latvia 's 33 % and the number of people who use internet in estonia is close to 10 % higher than latvia . 
  look at who made and funded the study , then ask again . 
  it 's one of the very many measures they use , and i think there is good reason to use it , at least right now . 
  vk is n't that popular in latvia , they have 33 % of the population using fb , compared to 8 % in russia and close to 0 % in china . 
  and the reasons why people in russia and china use different social media has a lot to do with what this index is trying to display . 
  are you joking ? 
  `` methodology '' is literally the third option from left on the top , hard to miss . 
  it 's hilarious that rankings/studies get just massively downvoted if users here do n't like the results . 
  why ? 
  what country do you think should be before norway ? 
  i 'm not saying it is n't civil , i 'm saying it is n't important enough to receive all this attention , since the person wo n't gave much effect on our lives anyway . 
  at the current situation , i do n't really care who names the president , we have much more important positions named by much smaller circles . 
  the estonian president election has been blown completely out of proportion this time around . 
  you must realize , our president has absolutely no real power , all he/she has is a title and a bunch of money/real estate to use for a 4 year period . 
  it 's a position for a glorified pr person , and does n't deserve all this attention . 
   countries all over the world do this from the united states , canada , brazil , japan , to portugal , spain , south korea , vietnam , botswana and many , many more . 
  that does n't make it right . 
   it 's really not a secret it 's not publicly known either . 
   pecially since in estonia for a non-eu person to be able to reside he can open up a company with 65k eur investment or 16k eur in case he 's / she 's the sole proprietor http://www.gencs.eu/news/index/162 yeah no , `` may apply '' , `` the settlement of the alien in estonia must be important for the business '' and `` the company or the sole proprietor is required to have a business plan which states the character and range of the business , financial forecasts for the next two financial years , number of staff , necessary qualifications and know-how of the staff '' . 
  not the same thing.still counts towards the ~ 1000 people yearly limit we have on residence permits . 
   and on top of that estonia has this brand new thing https://e-estonia.com/e-residents/about/ ???? 
  what about it ?
