  i feel so bad laughing at that , come on , life ai n't that bad in bulgaria . 
  why do we need the storage if only 10 % of our total power consumption comes from gas and many heaters can be switched to oil instead of gas easily ? 
  pretty easy , but it 's not easy enough , there 's still much to be done . 
  you get maternity leave with your full previous pay upto ~ 3000 eur for 1,5 years . 
  ( this is like 4x our average wage ) and you can stay at home for another 1,5 years on your own dime and the company is obligated to hire you back . 
  also you get various other monetary incentives , but the other incentives still need to grow . 
  they want to give 300 eur per month for the 3rd child now , which is a pretty good sum here and a pretty good idea overall , since most people either have 2 children or none at all , so you can help get the ones who already have 2 to get another one , but it has n't gone through yet . 
  that 's why there are a bunch of rules you need to fill before you get accepted into eu and i 'm pretty sure orban is n't actually taking eu money for himself , since eu keeps a rather watchful eye on how it is spent . 
  if the homeless man gets clean and allows you to keep an eye on how you spend that money before you give it , he 's not gon na spend it on liqour . 
  a few more :  https://youtu.be/tiaj6bwc060  https://youtu.be/5iu1odir9wy, 
  it 's a joke i doubt anyone here would take seriously . 
  how does it not work ? 
  have you seen how estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , etc. 
  are doing ? 
  we will start net contributing soon and we 're completely fine with it since we got help as well . 
  the increased and more healthy market and trading , better infrastructure etc is already paying the rest of eu back by a large margin as well . 
  it is , atleast how eu is doing it , it is . 
  yeah , that 's not how this works at all , of course one of the main reasons to join is the economic incentive , but it 's mutually beneficial . 
  if that 's how you think it works you do n't understand the eu at all . 
  it 's not that we 're just throwing money at serbia , it 's an investment , a mutually beneficial deal , but serbia needs to meet the requirements first , so we can be sure that it will pay off . 
  and if serbia needs to contribute , that means serbia is already doing tremendously better that it currently is doing and they 'd be contributing a fraction of the money they otherwise would n't have at all . 
  i do n't have the time to do a lot of research , you can summarize and point me to the sources you base those claims on . 
  instead of an ad hominem , maybe tell me why do you think i 'm wrong ? 
  of course you wo n't be kicked out because of this one thing , but multiple such things can lengthen the process or eventually lead to be kicked out . 
  also celebrating one genocidal dictatorship beating another is dumb . 
  you need to join first . 
  it does , it also gives you much better chance to make more . 
  do you like money ? 
   one former soviet republic why ? 
  this is similar to calling france a former nazi state . 
  it 's been 24 years , i think we can move on from such labels . 
  do you want to be left out of eu ? 
  because that 's how you get left out of eu . 
  i think that 's about to change , is n't it ? 
  estonia has already long prepared for this scenario . 
  it 's cool if we get cheap gas , but we 're entirely okay without it . 
  we did n't prepare enough prior to 1939 , we 're not making that mistake twice . 
  what nightmares ? 
  if you stop all immigration now , with these population decline levels all countries would still survive for hundreds of years . 
  also it 's much more sensible to increase the native birthrates by offering people more incentives to have children to combat this problem than to import immigrants , since native population has a far greater economic output and far lower chance for criminality . 
  there is no `` reality '' , there 's people wanting to fix a non-problem with a bad solution . 
  y u do dis ? 
  estonian : koer , koera , koera ( pronounced differently ) , koerasse , koeras , koerast , koerale , koeral , koeralt , koeraks , koerani , koerana , koerata , koeraga . 
   revolutions are wild , ruthless and most of the times with unpredictable results . 
  1917 comes to mind ; i would n't wish it upon my worst enemies . 
  revolutions are also often necessary . 
  freedom is n't free , it costs blood , sweat and tears . 
  at least today there are plenty of examples on what type of governing is succesful and what 's not . 
  in the broad sense . 
   russia needs steady progress on all fronts and a slight switch in mindset . 
  that will never come with putin in power , nor probably his hand picked successor and the constant brainwashing by russian media . 
   what most of eastern europe needs imo . 
  like what countries ? 
   at this point i think it 's more likely that putin introduces democracy and rule of law in russia than maidan achieves anything like that in ukraine . 
  you are seriously deluded if you really believe that . 
  putin is heading in the completely opposite direction . 
  what russia needs is a revolution , to air out all the corrupt communist filth and become a state for the people , not for the oligarchs . 
  it was n't about the well being of their nation , it was about protecting his ass and the asses of his oligarch friends . 
  if russia did n't get involved in ukraine , the maidan would 've had hugely positive long term results and they probably still will , it will just take more time . 
  they 're crazy , but there was some improvement . 
  you ca n't expect them to change overnight . 
  can you provide me a link , because i do n't believe there was any realistic talks in the 90s that there would be visa free travel . 
  in the 90s a lot of european countries needed visas to visit other european countries . 
  i 'm pretty sure we needed a visa in estonia to visit latvia . 
  there 's no way there were talks with russia to allow visa free travel in all that mess that was going on . 
  but that 's not true , russia was very integrated into many european institutions , there was a lot of invesment going into russia . 
  the visa free travel thing was quite a recent thing , and i 'm more than sure that it would 've gone through in the next 5 years if russia had taken another route . 
  you are very wrong , this is probably lies spread by the russian media and it 's completely the opposite . 
  there have been multiple opinion polls on / r/europe that showed that before the ukraine thing , even the countries that have been historically sour towards russia had the majority of people having a positive view towards russia . 
  like poland and estonia etc. 
  russia was included in most everything european countries did , all sorts of councils etc , russia had unprecedented integration with the rest of europe . 
  there were talks of joint exercises with nato and russia together . 
  there were talks of visa free travel and much much else . 
  europe has done a lot to be friends with russia , it really has . 
  you 've just been lied to that we 've been hostile towards russia , it 's not true and they do it most likely because russia was becoming too much of a democracy and putin and the oligarchs were worried that a maidan could also happen in russia , putin was scared of losing his power and the oligarchs were afraid the russian people will stop letting them steal the country blind and face prosecution . 
  i 'd picture something similar to what 's going on in romania currently happening to russia in the near future were it not for this . 
  oh , i doubt there 's much logic to that . 
  someone 's gut feeling . 
  `` komeet '' ( comet ) , they sold them without wrapers , you choose howmany you put in a bag , they were n't even good , but somehow they 've left an impression . 
  love how they write helsinki on estonia . . 
  probably greece + biggest creditors . 
  i 'm just guessing here but it 's rather likely . 
  we love finland aswell , i love s\u00e4rkaniemi and tampere is nice overall . 
  believe it or not , i have n't actually spent much time in helsinki though . 
  my girlfriend 's aunts live in finland and she 's constantly haggling me to go , so soon i 'll spend some time in helsinki aswell !, 
  that cheap booze wo n't be that cheap for long . 
  we 're raising the excises heavily every year , i think you 're to blame also , for talking so much about it . 
  should 've been quiet and enjoyed it while it lasted . 
  old news . 
  makes me wonder how much better we would do if we had the money finland has to spend on education . 
  soon finland , soon we will dethrone you , expect us !, 
  because you 're being a dick , it 's fine if you do n't feel european , but `` never will '' , like it 's some sort of a bad thing . 
  rather explain why . 
  well there was hope here that the georgia thing was a one time deal , since nothing serious really happened , people were n't ready to completely write off russia because of that . 
  my guess would be that russia was getting too much of a democracy and the oligarchs and putin were worried about their power , so they did this to avoid a maidan of their own . 
  i have not . 
  finland !, 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ ^ finland ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ cool . 
  where ? 
  show me where in our media do we `` measure our grand dick to latvia '' ?
