  are we making up facts now ? 
  also when you talk about emigration in estonia and latvia ( if you 're not talking about just the past ~ 15 years ) , you also have to account for all the russians who went home after the occupation ended . 
  in the past ~ 15 years , estonian emigration numbers have been rather low . 
  i actually saw it today , funny seeing it here too . 
  the locations are n't going to be shut down , just owned by someone else . 
  i 'd rather have politicians who are consistent in their views , even if those views are unpopular at a time . 
  not politicians who go towards where the wind blows . 
  everything is europe 's fault , if it were n't for europe , middle-east and north-africa would be utopias , the people there are infallible , almost everyone is a doctor or an engineer , we need to thank the lord , that they are blessing us with their presence in europe , finally there 's someone to bring a little culture our way . 
  but even the old plants are n't dangerous , really . 
  nuclear power is responsible for less deaths than wind power . 
  a lot of those people go for a few years and then return , as the estonian economic situation is improving , our gdp per capita ppp is slowly but steadily catching up to yours , the number of estonians in finland will decrease and the number of finns in estonia will increase . 
  2015 statistics show 7321 finns living in estonia . 
  i know for sure that the russian population 's birth rate is lower in estonia than estonian 's birth rate , since it has been mentioned quite a few times in estonian media . 
  i also know about 600-1000 russians get living and work permits in estonia every year , about a 1000 is the maximum amount we 're willing to give living permits to , to people outside of eea . 
  estonian birth rate is at about replacement rate , it was even positive by a small margin for quite a few years , until it went a bit into the negative since 2014 i think . 
  if you look at our demographic stats , the number of estonians in estonia has actually increased from 2011 to 2015 , emigration is still an issue , a small issue but an issue nevertheless , i guess we also have finland to thank for people not leaving for a long time , since it 's easy to come back from finland . 
  nope , estonian birth rates are higher , it 's just that 600-1000 russians immigrate to estonia every year ( 1000 is our cap ) . 
  that 's why the estonian sent him after it !, 
  65 000 is nothing though , that 's 0.17 % of your total population . 
  in 1989 we had 475 000 russians out of a population of 1 565 000 , that 's 30 % . 
  currently it 's 330 000 out of a population of 1 313 000 , which is 25 % . 
  just because the moroccan is n't white , the same joke becomes racist ? 
  but you do n't have any russians . . 
  kinda works in estonian as well . 
  afaik , it all stems from how finnish and estonian sounds like to them , it sounds like a slow language . 
  and also an extra toe . 
  three men are on a plane together , an estonian , a russian and an american . 
  the pilot tells the men that the plane is too heavy and if everyone does n't throw something off the plane it 's going to crash . 
  the american acts quickly and throws his guns off the plane . 
  the estonian and the russian ask : `` why 'd you choose to throw the guns ? '', 
  the american responds : `` because we have enough of those in america . '', 
  the russian throws a case of vodka off the plane and says `` well , we have enough of that back in russia . '', 
  then the estonian considers his options for a moment and proceeds to throw the russian off the plane . 
  `` well , we have enough of them back in estonia . '', 
  are you serious ? 
  a ton of tax income ? 
  it 's a minuscule amount of finland 's budget and how are we to blame for that ? 
  we should stop selling finnish citizens alcohol ? 
  ( i mean , you 'd probably get most of tallinn 's residents to agree to that measure tbh ) . 
  we are raising the excises heavily each year , but we ca n't raise them higher than our wages allow . 
  it 's not like anyone here is happy about the drunken finnish tourists , except the sellers . 
   of course it does . 
  but it does n't make any difference to hundreds of millions of other europeans , which seems like a much more relevant number in the context of policy setting . 
  who has the right to decide that , though ? 
  sacrifice 100 + innocent people at a theater for the name of multiculturalism ? 
  it 's practical to avoid and prevent all of this misery , but because some kind of a misguided `` tolerance '' we do n't . 
   acceptable is such a loaded word . 
  crime is not acceptable either , but no country ever goes all-in to eliminate it . 
  some countries are really really successful at almost eliminating it completely , like korea and japan . 
  these countries have some very obvious things in common . 
   every politician will say that `` every human life is invaluable '' on television , in reality - policies are weighed and balanced against many different interests , economic and political being the most important ones by far . 
  depends on the politicians , no economic or social interests are worth 100 + innocent people dying in my opinion . 
  people will have enough of these `` policies '' very soon , and the end result wo n't be pretty . 
  merkel , juncker etc do n't have the right to decide over if some europeans deserve to get raped and killed because of a misguided `` greater good '' . 
   terrorism does n't stop , not without a heavily authoritarian system in place to stop it . 
  how regularly the attacks happens depends entirely on how heated the relevant conflicts around the world are . 
  hatred always finds an outlet . 
  this is a dumb statement , the vast majority of terror attacks are committed by the followers of a single faith , countries where that faith almost does n't exist do n't have these issues . 
  terrorism is easily avoidable . 
  estonia has avoided it for 24 years , we 'd avoid it forever more , if eu did n't force people onto us who do n't want to be here and who we do n't want here . 
   like i said , that is already an academic point for most european countries . 
  muslim minorities are a reality we have to learn how to manage , and this reality exists in a large enough number of countries to drive eu policy . 
  what we need to do , is stop giving religions a special status and treat them as any other ideology and destructive ideologies need to be ( peacefully ) weeded out , by education ( banning religious schools ) , law and awareness . 
   it actually has done moderately well , though obviously our standards differ dramatically . 
  were n't both the charlie hebdo and theater shooters second/third generation immigrants ? 
  i think that 's a pretty clear sign something is broken . 
  i think during the soviet occupation , calling santa `` j\u00f5uluvana '' was forbidden , we had to call him `` n\u00e4\u00e4rivana '' . 
  which is just a weird tidbit about estonian history . 
   if they had any interest in estonia , there would be . 
  since they do n't have an interest , visa free travel from turkey makes no difference to you whatsoever . 
  make up your mind , either they are in every country or they do n't currently show interest in some countries . 
   having a dozen more or fewer terrorists makes no practical difference . 
  it makes a practical difference to the people who would survive if those people are n't allowed into europe . 
   there 's going to be a major attack every few years and that 's that . 
  terrorist organizations are funded by wealthy groups , borders and visas are no obstacle to them . 
  yeah , that is n't acceptable and should n't be acceptable . 
  when did terror attacks become `` normal '' ? 
  in a few years you 're gon na say `` there 's going to be a major attack every few months and that 's that '' ? 
  where does it stop ? 
  it 's pretty obvious that if you do n't bring in a ton of muslims in your country , the chances of such an attack is practically zero . 
  something estonia can still enjoy . 
   visa free travel makes a practical difference to a lot of people in turkey though , as well as businesses on our end . 
  it also exposes more turks to our way of life and brings them closer to europe culturally ( over a long period of time , of course ) . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  yes , since exposure to our culture has done so well to integrate the muslims who have migrated to europe , come on . . 
  not in mine , you do n't and how does bringing more help the issue at all ? 
  2 million if you add the non eu nationals , 25 % of their population is foreigners . 
  freedom of movement is nice and all , but i can understand how it can become too much for smaller and richer countries . 
  so i do n't blame them at all for trying to restrict it to sustainable levels . 
  you only need a few radical people to kill more than 100 people at a theater . 
  these are the people we want to give visa free access to europe to ? 
   you cost money estonia barely costs nl any money , if you add the increased trade and the fact that we bought your tanks , it turns out pretty even . 
   too many of you immigrate to here too many estonians immigrate to nl ? 
  i doubt there 's more than a hundred estonians in nl , if that . 
   organized crime ( car theft , bank card skimming etc. ), 
  are you able to source one occasion where an estonian was caught for car theft or bank card skimming in nl ? 
  i do n't understand if you 're pants on head retarded or just really really ignorant , but everything you 're saying is incorrect . 
  what problems has estonia created for you ? 
  because that will obviously create no problems for us , right ? 
  involuntarily bringing refugees who want to go to germany and sweden to a place they do n't want to be at .
