  any effect the nazi occupation had on greece has long passed . 
  greeks are destroying their own country . 
  \\ + 300k russians . 
  why should they ? 
  germany is n't responsible for the shit state greece is in , previous greek governments are to blame for that . 
  it 's been 70 years , the people currently living in germany had nothing to do with nazi germany actions , nor are they economically benefiting from those actions . 
  germany is one of the last countries who owes anyone any reparations . 
  be happy that it was n't the soviet union . 
  where they in the building illegally at least ? 
  i 'm not saying what they did is n't horrible , but i 'm curious why they stormed it in the first place . 
  can you expand a bit on that to us non-finns ? 
  why ? 
  yeah , i think we 're talking about different things , i mean credible threat as in a threat eu as whole could n't handle without the usa , yes russia is a threat , but he would n't be much more of a threat without us help . 
  why is n't he wrong there ? 
  well that 's unfortunate , but i have no doubt you will catch up soon . 
  that was the exact point i was making that they would n't . 
  people can empathize more with children/adults being sick and needing desperate help where they 're from , than helping building wells in africa . 
  there are some , i distinctly remember something about ichthyosis , but it 's rare compared to what goes on in the us , since most things are covered . 
  as for treatment , i do n't think there are many procedures we ca n't offer or do considerably worse at . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a picnic here , estonia has the lowest health expenditure of oecd members in terms of % of gdp , lower than poland , czech republic etc , but i think it 's probably a bit misleading also , since a lot of money that goes into healthcare also comes from the universities . 
  although , maybe it 's like that everywhere else also . 
  overall , i 'd say people do n't really complain about our healthcare here , the wait times can be long , but as anecdotal evidence , my girlfriends grandfather who was 75 got brain cancer and they operated a few days after finding out . 
  in the end they did many operations + treatments , i 'd guess would 've cost hundreds of thousands or maybe over a million in the us , but for him it was all free . 
  the country i reside in . 
  i get what you mean , but what i meant is that a threat that could take on the entirety of eu . 
  russia could n't win a war against eu alone . 
  is n't bill gates foundation mainly donating bill 's money ? 
  americans have more disposable income than some eu countries and less than some other eu countries . 
  i 'm not even arguing with you , all that i 'm saying is that a chunk of that money given to charities would n't be given to charities , had us have the same healthcare system as eu members . 
  because sick children from your country needing help is a powerful motivator . 
  many would n't donate to help people in africa , but would donate to save children where they 're living . 
  us might still be the biggest charitable country in the world , i 'm just saying that a large chunk of that would disappear if we removed donations for stuff that 's under government spending in eu . 
  also that 's a bad metric , since us is one country , while eu is many . 
  so what you would have in us as one charity would be counted as 28 different charities in eu , put together eu would probably rank much better . 
  it does n't ? 
  i 'm just talking about us . 
  there 's so much wrong about that statement . 
  first of all , us spends more tax money per capita on healthcare than any eu member , it has nothing to do with your military spending , but just corporate greed . 
  secondly , us did n't donate anything , us bought influence with their military , us does n't have high military spending for altruistic reasons . 
  finally , there is no credible threat to eu , we would be fine without nato , we 'd have a eu joint force then and there would be nobody who could take us on , except for maybe the us and even then , i doubt us could really win a war against the entirety of eu . 
  i mean it 's cool and all to have an ally with a powerful military , but let 's not overstate things . 
   so did everyone else estonia did n't `` cook the books '' . 
  so not , `` everyone else '' . 
  everybody in europe hates the idea of actual war with russia , nobody wants this , except a few crazies . 
  what are you on about ? 
  thing to note here , is that there are big charities in us dealing with healthcare related stuff , we do n't need that in europe , because we actually have healthcare . 
  so there 's no reason to donate here to `` save little johnny from leukemia '' . 
  immigration . 
  he 's actually one of the most famous alive composers in the world , he does great stuff . 
  why not ? 
  it 's meat like any other . 
  i 've never understood the qq about eating dog meat , i 've never eaten dog meat , i 'm not in a hurry to try it , but logically , it 's no different from eating pig meat and i 'm saying this while having a dog who i like very much . 
  hitler held brief military occupations , stalin actually had time to rule . 
  under the occupation he was our ruler . 
  still less people killed/deported to siberia . 
  stalin . 
  do you want the far-right parties gain more popularity ? 
  because this is how you make the far-right parties gain more popularity . 
  [ estonia - arvo p\u00e4rt - spiegel im spiegel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tj6mzvh3xcc ), 
  fried black bread , absolutely delicious with some garlic . 
  oh , it 's okay then . 
  carry on . 
  so what does he suggest they do ? 
  as long as a mosque is on private property and paid for by legit funds , there 's not exactly much you can do . 
  our asylum policy should be to give each applicant who ca n't be rejected a free ferry ticket to sweden . 
  you 're forgetting to open your heart !, 
   funny you should say that because that 's usually what they do over a span of maybe 2-3 generations . 
  my high school was a cross with people from my very swedish area and students from an immigrant neighbourhood and about half of all arabs/africans in my class were atheists the other half was secular . 
  that 's reassuring !, 
  do you have any idea what the national % of people living secular/atheist lives are in immigrant groups in sweden ? 
   the uk 's barely involved in any meaningful way in the eu wot ? 
  i doubt there are many africans and middle-easteners in sweden who left islam behind , though . 
  because money . 
  at some point it will be too late though , is n't it ? 
  since you ca n't deport anyone , you can only prevent further immigration , but if there 's already so many there and the birth rates for immigrants is much higher than that of native swedes , it seems like eventually ethnic swedes will be a minority in sweden . 
  if this keeps going on for 20 more years , it feels like that threshold of no return will be surpassed and it 's only a question of time when ethnic swedes become a minority . 
  you do n't seem very religious . 
  i sincerely hope you 're right . 
  i really really do . 
  what should they do with illegal immigrants then ? 
  and how is what italy , greece , spain etc are doing any better ? 
  how many people die in those `` concentration camps '' ? 
  eu should make some sort of a deal with an african country so we can unload them there , not bring them here . 
  this would eventually lead to a decrease in the number of people trying this when they see it 's a fruitless effort . 
  good thing they do n't let them drown though . 
  there has been already too many migrant ships gone down in the mediterranean , with major loss of human life . 
  i would n't suggest anyone do this though , because you can get in a lot of trouble for this . 
  so what you 're saying , things should be looking worse now , since sweden has increased their efforts on getting as many refugees as possible . 
  this is what happens when you take in millions of refugees from africa and the middle-east . 
  sweden 's hdi has been getting worse for a while now , while croatia is rising , if things stay on course , there 's not much doubt croatia will rank higher in 10 years . 
  can you read ? 
  2010-2030 un projections of very high hdis , says so on the top . 
  this is what happens when you take millions of refugees from africa and middle-east , meanwhile lithuania is already boasting pretty good results on education , economic growth and healthcare . 
  do n't sell yourself short . 
  i 've gotten a few of the estonian ones ( the old ones pictured ) , i 'd say they 're pretty great overall . 
   [ ] ansip ascends to godhood all hail our lord and saviour !, 
  putin could n't care less about the russian people , it 's an excuse . 
  i am serious , from recent developments in hungary and romania , romania is doing a lot better than hungary is , hungary is pretty much an embarrasment to eu at this point , with orban in power . 
  it did n't liberate shit , it annexed instead of another . 
  romania is definitely more western today , especially looking in what direction they 're recently going and comparing that to what orban is doing .
