  i 'm pretty sure all nato countries would help as much as they can , or they 'd get booted and left to fend for themselves and i doubt it would stop at military help , it would have serious economical consequences aswell , not to mention the international shame ( which is actually a much bigger thing than it sounds ) . 
  i agree about asia completley , it would show china that nato is a joke and they have their eyes on a lot of island etc they 'd happily invade . 
  i 'm sorry , but this absolutely makes no sense : 1 . 
  what education opportunities does a 16 year old boy with undefined education , who does n't speak german have in germany ? 
  why would you afford anything more in western europe , than you would in lebanon on turkey ? 
  just an economic migrant . 
  people are getting killed in turkey ? 
  is football banned in turkey ? 
  so just seeking better welfare in europe ? 
  turkey already took you in , why do you need to come to europe ? 
  so they 've been in a safe country for 2 years and 355 days , but now come to greece ? 
  another person who almost died to better his economic position ? 
  maybe it 's something we should n't encourage ? 
  no war in turkey and a dozen other countries that are much closer than germany . 
  i probably come off as cold , but literally every single one of those people are no longer fleeing for their life , but just searching for better welfare/economic opportunities . 
  europe ca n't host all the world 's poor , and what 's worse they 're dying and putting their life in danger because we 're incentivizing this . 
  this is a great response , thank you !, 
  do you think companies who work on synchronous translations could put you out of business any time soon , or do you think that time is still a long while away ? 
  we only care about our guy , the bigger organizations can play their games , we 're happy as long as we got our guy back . 
  if the informant is russian , where else would he meet him ? 
  at a border crossing where there are russian officers ? 
  we are a tiny country , we do n't care about teaching russia a lesson , we just want to do our thing . 
  do you really believe , estonia a tiny country of 1,3 million people could give two shits about spying on russia ? 
  we have reasonable access to us , uk and nato intelligence , why would we send a publicly known intelligence officer to russia ? 
  it would make absolutely no sense . 
  yes , tiny estonia is trying to destabilize russia by sending our spies there , you 've caught us red handed . 
  really , try to think for a moment . 
  [ already on it . 
  ] ( http://balticbusinessnews.com/article/2015/8/25/estonia-may-build-a-high-tech-fence-on-border-with-russia ), 
  we got our guy back , at the end of the day , it 's all that matters . 
  russia has such a spotless record of being honest after all , and estonia has been constantly getting caught lying , oh wait , or was it vice versa ? 
  can you give me some examples of this `` hate-speech '' ? 
  edit : \\* crickets \\* , an hour has passed , you 've posted comments since , but unsurprisingly , you ca n't back up your claim . 
  so what is that supposed to prove ? 
  that an internal security officer was carrying a weapon , money and a recorder ? 
  he was meeting with an informant at the border , of course he 's gon na have that stuff . 
  no , not everyone , just you , because you constantly spam pro-russian propaganda and that 's all you ever do . 
  paywall, 
  do n't bother , he 's a long established putinbot . 
  what did we confirm ? 
  he has always been an internal security service agent and very publicly so . 
  this is fucking awesome news , i 'm so happy . 
  a lot of estonians are gon na have a party tonight . 
  i do n't think i 've heard them for a while , but like ~ 10-15 years ago yes , i guess it was because there were a lot of elderly finnish tourists here who were often obese . 
  well there go the fat finn jokes ... 
  it 's a great video , but it has been posted a billion times here already . 
  lithuania has more sun than us and also they 're an entirely different country with entirely different people . 
  suicide rates have dropped heavily , i 'd say we 're doing pretty okay . 
  i like the dark . 
  estonians are n't indigenous to our country ? 
  i really liked this one - https://youtu.be/32vlogn_3qq, 
  1939-1991 for estonia . 
  this is very true , i saw some article once that showed how most of the pro-immigration party leaders in sweden live in all swedish neighborhoods . 
  they do n't practice what they preach . 
   i foresee a more pro-migrant/quota stance , because this scandal will be on everyone 's mind quite some time . 
  not a chance , this does n't gauge the interest of the public nearly as much as the refugee crisis . 
  people are only becoming more and more anti-refugee according to polls . 
  i do n't see this changing . 
  this does n't come as much of a surprise for most estonians , there have been scandals before , but he has managed to wiggle out of them . 
  his party is hugely popular among our russians , some say that it 's a good thing that he 's collecting all their votes , instead of it going to some actual batshit crazy pro-kremlin party . 
  if he turns out to be guilty , i 'm very happy that our agencies work and such behavior is dealt with . 
  the recent news quote figures in hundreds of thousands of euros , so not exactly breaking the bank here , not to excuse him if he is guilty , but it 's still important to understand that the scale was rather small . 
  because we want to participate in the common market ? 
  our pm has said multiple times that we wo n't support mandatory quotas , that distribution of refugees must be in a purely voluntary basis . 
   / u/ragnar _ ok actual srs mods were busy , so you had to do with a guy who moderates / r/circlebroke as a compromise ? 
  i think it 's pretty much equivalent of adding some / r/european mods on / r/europe . 
  nothing good will come of it . 
  i do n't know how appropriate it is to post it here , though . 
  `` what the migrants are going through is almost as terrible as working for us . '', 
  should be their slogan . 
  estonia actually has quite low emigration rates per capita , twice smaller than latvia and lithuania . 
  our unemployment is very low and i think our growth will only increase as well . 
  there was even a meme about it on the front page of / r/sweden , can you try searching for it in swedish ? 
  because i 'm having trouble searching for it in english because i do n't remember the exact details . 
  i think the thing with portugal is that they 're in a very good geographical location to do this , if estonia were to do the same , we 'd get a lot of narco tourists . 
  what do you define as western-europe ? 
  estonia has already surpassed portugal , i doubt we 'll stop there . 
  in many non-economic indicators like education , corruption , e-services and much else we already either beat or are at similar levels as western-europe . 
  i 'm sure we 'll catch up , i think it 's very likely we 'll even surpass many , it 's just a matter of time . 
  you mean like the incident in sweden , where some home appliance caught fire in a refugee center and then the pm and everyone else came out to condemn the racists for setting fire to refugee centers ? 
  is . . is . . that allowed ? 
  estonia is n't . 
  how are you this bad at math ? 
  except because family reunification laws , you can expect about 3 people in addition to every migrant taken , also the 530 is probably only a start . 
  also you 're terrible at math , 530 of 1,3 million is 0.04 % not 0.0004 % . 
  apparently it was ordered from china , but i think barbed wire is a thing the military also has heaps of . 
   edit : i have nothing against estonians , but i 'm just pointing your nonsense , i do n't think you 're a good representant of estonia , if you ca n't even admit your country 's crimes . 
  my country has done no crimes , saying a small number of idiots collaborating with nazi war crimes has anything to do with estonia , which was officially neutral and one of the most jew friendly countries in the world according to jews themselves , is like saying what breivik did was norway 's crime as a country . 
  it 's beyond retarded . 
   i do n't think my job is to educate you about ww2 . 
  if you want to `` educate someone about ww2 '' , you should first have at least some grasp of it . 
   please delete your post ( my post are being deleted too ) i will not , because everything i 've said is verifiably true , there 's no reason why i should shield your ignorance from others / u/ama _ deo . 
   the ww2 and ability to legally cleaning `` the nordic race '' ( which is rather funny considering estonians have nothing to do with nordic race ) verified the estonian antisemitism where are you getting this ? 
  are you making it up on the spot ? 
  what 's `` nordic race '' anyway ? 
   only one there who ca n't read is you , because all i mentioned was ww2 , i do n't care about interwar period . 
  people who did holocaust in estonia were estonians , not germans . 
  that 's all . 
  `` the final acts of liquidating the camps , such as klooga , which involved the mass-shooting of roughly 2,000 prisoners , were carried out by german units belonging to the schutzmannschaftsbataillon of the kds . 
  survivors report that , during these last days before liberation , when jewish slave labourers were visible , the estonian population in part attempted to help the jews by providing food and other types of assistance . '' '',
