  us is a terrible country to compare ourselves to , especially since they have one of the most unequal wealth distributions in the world . 
   http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/12/us-germany-economy-minimum-wage-iduskbn0m828k20150312  http://www.workingermany.net/how-german-employers-get-methods-to-avoid-paying-minimum-wage/, 
  there are a bazillion ways to get around minimum wage and would you be happy getting paid minimum wage anyway ? 
  there is n't a single eu member which has an average wage around 200 $ , lowest is more than two times higher . 
  it 's pretty basic economics really , you have to pay your employees less , since third world migrants are willing to work for less , so more money for you , while average citizens suffer , since have to either accept a smaller salary or get replaced . 
  and the wealth gap increases , like it has been doing for a while . 
  the rich get richer and the poor get poorer . 
   nice crystal ball you have there . 
  yes , because you need to have a crystal ball to understand that there are 1,3 billion people currently living without electricity who will eventually have access or to understand that earth 's population is still growing strongly or that electric cars are becoming more and more popular , among a million other markers and hundreds of years of experience that clearly show that future consumption is only going up . 
  people who are constantly vocal about certain views should n't be mods , mods are supposed to be as neutral as possible , so i do n't think you 'd make a good mod . 
  i do n't have anything against you personally , you seem like a pretty fun guy overall , although we disagree on most things , but i do n't think you 'd be a suitable mod . 
  i do n't see you being neutral enough and having you as a mod would create more distrust against the mod team . 
  and i even have a plan how we can pay for it !, 
  `` tonight on refugee island \u2122 , will aaqib throw the first stone at his daughter 's apostasy sentencing ? 
  can rayyan finish building the mosque with only his left hand after losing his right hand as punishment for burglary ? 
  stay tuned ! '', 
  ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ joking ^ ^ of ^ ^ course . 
  alright , i guess i have the wrong idea then , i have n't really kept up on the entire war in syria thing . 
  fusion is the second most powerful way to generate power there is , after particle -- antiparticle annihilation and realistically the most powerful way to generate power , since there is no natural source for antimatter and making it costs more energy than it will release . 
  nothing else is even in the same ballpark . 
  we 're talking multiple orders of magnitude difference . 
  if we 're being realistic here , it 's reasonable to expect that the energy consumption of the world will keep growing heavily and some future breakthroughs in computing might require incredible increase in our power outputs . 
  renewable energy will never be sufficient to meet the entire demand in the future , the power just is n't there to be harnessed . 
  this is our best bet and incredibly important for the future advancement of the mankind . 
  uninformed and ignorant people like you are the reason why this ridiculously important research has trouble finding funding and is behind of where it could be . 
  `` the greens '' seems like a cancerous party wherever they 're at . 
  thank fuck they died in estonia after getting a few seats in two elections . 
  `` environmentalists '', 
  well this is a twist ? 
  is it going to be somewhat of a proxy war between russia and nato now ? 
  since nato has been bombing assad as well ( besides isis ) ? 
  in the context of that poll , they 're the same . 
  all refugees are immigrants , not all immigrants are refugees . 
  there 's no mix up here . 
  well , then you 're either lying or just ignorant . 
   http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/majority-germans-reject-immigration-outside-eu-312282, 
  second lowest polluter and third lowest crime in europe - bestonia . 
  sd is the party who gets the most criticism out of all the parties in sweden . 
  it 's just that some of that criticism is so ridiculous that you 're actually alienating reasonable people from the other parties . 
  also sd is now the biggest party in sweden . 
  absolutely . 
  if eu wants to lose most of their members , then alright . 
  vice : / . 
  we will never surrender to such defeatist attitude . 
  we beat russia in estonian war of independence , while being hopelessly outnumbered and outgunned . 
  even if we wo n't win now by ourselves , we 'll make annexing us as difficult as we can , and believe me , we will make it more trouble than it will be worth many times over . 
  independence should always be number 1 in every country in the world . 
  especially countries like lithuania who are next to unfriendly neighbors . 
  exactly , people are idiots , why on earth should we listen to them ... 
  you guys are doing a much better job at promoting sd and destroying the left wing than they every could , with such ridiculous statements . 
  honestly , lately it 's difficult to say they 're crazy , for the past years they 've been rather reasonable . 
   no , we should buy less tanks and build some houses . 
  honestly , this takes the cake for the stupidest thing i 've read on / r/europe the entire month . 
  you must be like ~ 15 , lithuania has barely had any time to be independent . 
  exactly this mentality is a big reason why lithuania got occupied in 1939 in the first place . 
  yeah , and it would n't be a problem , if germany , sweden and many other countries would n't be pushing quotas on the baltics , eastern-europe etc. 
  are you kidding ? 
  it is n't even close , for many countries the choice between either getting overrun by immigrants or leaving the eu would be leaving eu 10 times out of 10 . 
  more than you 'd actually think , there are a bunch of things cyprus has power over , like vetoing turkey from becoming a member of the eu . 
  and more and more will die because we keep incentivizing these people to risk their lives . 
  is [ milf island ] ( https://youtu.be/pqudpa0efbe ) also with dutch origins ? 
  i 'd watch that !, 
  well good thing russia is doing so well that they can destroy food . 
  no less well off families or kids in orphanages who need food , all are already taken care of . 
  glorious russian empire . 
  i think the only reason many of those parties are euroskeptic is that those parties and people feel that this immigration thing is forced upon them by the eu . 
  if eu would take a difference stance on immigration , i think those parties would have much less of a problem with eu . 
  there are , actually most parties european media dubs `` far-right '' are actually mostly left besides being against mass immigration . 
  for example sd , they actually mostly want to raise benefits etc. 
  it 's just mainstream media trying to present a certain narrative in most countries . 
  there 's many degrees to lying . 
  you can not lie while not being totally honest either . 
  if you pick and choose the facts that suit you , while ignoring the facts that would make the point you 're trying to represent more difficult to defend , i 'd say that 's being dishonest . 
  and that 's what theguardian does . 
  i wrote out a long paragraph then deleted it and started from the beginning like 4 times . 
  it 's somewhat difficult to explain , but the main point is , that we were subjugated to christianity and we are still to some degree influenced by it . 
  we do n't particularly like the belief in any sort of god as a people , but the way we behave now , is still influenced by our subjugation to christianity . 
  so accepting refugees who at least to some degree are similar to us , is much less painful than accepting people who behave entirely differently and believe in very different values . 
  i ca n't be bothered to do research behind every statement , but as they 've clearly had an agenda on the crisis since the start , i just ca n't trust them . 
  even if they 're not outright lying they may be picking and choosing what they 're reporting on or misrepresenting the facts . 
  they 've been representing only a very narrow view of the migrant crisis for the entire time . 
  yes , theguardian being truthful about the migrant crisis , nice try ... 
  how does echr enforce their rulings on countries ? 
  it 's not exactly that we 're `` not taking them '' , they do n't want to come here , since we do n't offer the benefits other countries do , we do n't have the facilities , we do n't have their religious buildings , we do n't have established communities of different foreign nationals . 
  slovakia did n't have to take any at all , they agreed to help the western-european countries out , but by no treaty is there any pressure on them to accept any refugees with the quota system . 
  so `` but 200 '' is kinda being ungrateful as well . 
  anyway , accepting refugees is no solution anyway , since there will be an infinite amount of people who want to come to europe and obviously we ca n't accept them all . 
  not to mention all the problems we already have with the insane amount of refugees we 're accepting . 
  this will have to change soon anyway , so i would n't point my finger at small countries like slovakia who have had enough shit anyway and just want to stay afloat . 
  it is n't such a small number if you take their capabilities into consideration . 
  also we have no mosques in estonia either , and i 'd be pretty happy if it stayed that way . 
  hopefully there will be no new churches or anything else to do with religion built here as well . 
  i 'm hoping estonia is one of those countries that is past that and we 're not looking to open that can of worms again . 
  [ maybe finland should do this ? 
  ] ( http://balticbusinessnews.com/article/2015/8/25/estonia-may-build-a-high-tech-fence-on-border-with-russia ), 
  this is probably something similar , just sensationalized . 
  one of the bigger selling points of the quota system , that got other countries to accept any refugees at all , was the promise that they could pick and choose who they get , that was something that was immediately said here as well . 
  with the quota system , eu members were permitted to pick and choose the people they 're going to be getting . 
  they 're not saying muslims ca n't come , they 're saying they 'll pick christians since they were allowed to do so . 
  iirc estonian government said that we 'll try to get christians as well .
