  it 's patients who went to see an infection doctor ( probably called something else in english , i 'm directly translating ) in 3 hospitals in estonia . 
  the actual number officially is 9122 as of 22.05.2015 and it 's suspected that it can be up to 12 000 . 
  the study should be pretty representative , since it got published and we have pretty high criteria here . 
  i doubt the ratios have changed much in the past 6 years . 
  where the fuck do you come up with this bullshit ? 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_estonia there were only 91 000 russians living in estonia prior to the soviet occupation , after it , it was 475 000 . 
  ** every single russian and their descendant who lived here prior to soviet occupation automatically got citizenship . 
  ** ( people who moved here before 1939 ), 
  it 's definitely much harder to score drugs or prostitutes in estonia than it is in russia . 
   they are both minorities , difference is that the minorities in finland have rights , while in estonia they are 2nd cathegory of people . 
  let me repeat myself , since you obviously did n't understand the question , ** what is the russian minority in estonia in day to day life missing out on compared to swedish finns ? 
  **  and why is that obliged ? 
  why do they need to speak estonian ? 
  why russian ca n't be 2nd language of estonia ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it would be definitely easier for them to integrate . 
  i also believe some just do n't want to integrate . 
  all this passport and citizenship problems will bring them closer to russia and far from estonia , your country is partially responsible for that . 
  as i said if they would receive estonian citizenship and their language would be respected , then they would n't be a problematic part of estonia . 
  nothing is obliged , citizenship is a rather minor detail , like i 've said before . 
  they do n't have to speak estonian , but if they want to get a good education in estonia and if they want to get employed into estonian companies where the majority of the workforce is estonian , they wo n't be able to if they ca n't communicate . 
  this has nothing to do with the state really . 
  the problems you are describing do n't stem from our official classification of our national language , nor who gets citizenship . 
  they would still be there . 
  it would n't help them integrate at all , it would probably make even fewer russians learn the language and shackle them to a life of poverty if they stay here , because who will employ a worker in the service sector ( which is the biggest sector in estonia ) who ca n't communicate with over 70 % of the population ? 
  nobody , even russian businessmen would n't . 
   i just pointed the overall generalisation , not precisely by you but other estonians , that all problems are made by russians . 
  look at yourself please . 
  also poverty makes crime , if those people are excluded from the society the risk of crime rises . 
  nobody said that , what i said is that most hiv positive people are russians , which is true , like other estonians pointed out , 89 % of our hiv positive people are russian , while they only make up 26 % of our population , that 's like a 25x difference . 
  i also said that myself , that poor socioeconomic position increases the likelihood of turning to crime , the entire point that i was making that a lot of russians here are to blame themselves , because they refuse to learn the language out of `` principle '' . 
  which leads to a worse socioeconomic position , because of the reasons i stated before in this post . 
  i can also admit , that maybe estonia could 've done more to integrate our russian minority , but we 're trying , we really are . 
   where ? 
  show me an example . 
  only thing you can do is actually claiming some nonsenses . 
  like `` so what ? 
  what are the russians in estonia , in day to day life missing out on , compared to swedes in finland ? 
  do enlighten me . '', 
  some of them maybe , but not all , just like russians who can speak estonian , but speak russian in home , which is crime ( enough to not be a civilized member of estonia ) some do n't pay respect to estonia , because estonia do n't pay respect to them . 
  russians who speak estonian can get citizenship very easily , just a language test and an open book test about our constitution . 
  you can speak whatever language you like at home , it could be klingon for all we care , you do n't have to speak estonian at all , but if you want to be an estonian citizen , you must speak estonian at least at a pretty basic level . 
  another point you 're trying to make that 's entirely wrong , but keep trying . 
   you said most 50 % is not most , but half . 
  where did i say most russians living in estonia are criminals ? 
  still having trouble with reading comprehension ? 
  you are a joke , mate . 
  you are making false analogies and just abandon most points you were trying to make when i call you out on them . 
  you did n't answer any questions i gave you in response , you are the definition of a poor troll . 
   that 's a fascist attitude , nothing common with nordic tolerance . 
  it shows only that your government acts very nationalistic and that attitude is supported by vast majority of ethnic estonians . 
  just kek . 
  what 's the point you 're trying to even make here ? 
   in finland swedish finns have finnish citizenship and passport , they have their language as a second despite fact that they make only few % of total finnish population , instead of nearly 30 % like russians in estonia . 
  nobody force swedes to speak finnish !, 
  the swedish finns speak finnish and they respect and like finland . 
  it is a completely uncomparable situation . 
   any stats says so ? 
  ( source ) also 50 % is not 90 % when did i ever say 90 % ? 
  is your reading comprehension really this poor or what ? 
   which state forces their own citizens to speak the only official language ? 
  the worse socioeconomic position has nothing to do with what the state says , if you ca n't speak estonian , most private sector companies will not hire you , because the language they conduct business in is estonian . 
   no , they would also integrate if they would n't be a disriminated people ( having estonian citizenship , having russian as second official language etc. ), 
  they 're not discriminated , but they are n't citizens either . 
  citizenship is a rather minor detail and i do n't see how a person can have estonian citizenship without speaking estonian , but that 's a longer discussion . 
   in finland there is swedish as official language ( for example ) so what ? 
  what are the russians in estonia , in day to day life missing out on , compared to swedes in finland ? 
  do enlighten me . 
   also you did n't gave me statistics about how russian estonians are making 90 % of crime and hiv infections . 
  because i ca n't be bothered to search for the statistics , if you want to , you can look them up yourself , estonian prison population is more than 50 % russians , although they only make up less than 30 % of our population and the ratio is much worse if you only account for more serious crimes . 
   oh eesti , you will never into nordic with that attitude . 
  there 's absolutely nothing wrong with our attitude and most people who have spent even a tiny amount of time getting to know estonia would agree . 
   what lack of integration has to do with hiv infection ? 
  if the official language is only estonian ( despite having 24 % russian speakers ) how they can integrate ? 
  how can they integrate if they are excluded from the society by law ( not having estonian citizenship and passport despite living there whole life ) ? 
  because people who are at a worse socioeconomic position are more likely to become drug addicts and criminals . 
  many of them are at a worse socioeconomic position because they themselves choose to not learn estonian or their parents put them into russians schools and are strongly against introducing more estonian into russian schools . 
  they can integrate by learning estonians and those who do are doing well . 
  they are n't excluded at all , they just need to learn our language and some basic facts about our constitution to become citizens , this choice is open to everybody . 
  i do n't understand the question , i go to sleep , i wake up with a small hangover but i 'm sober . 
  well statistics do n't lie , i 'm not saying we 're completely without blame , since maybe we could 've done more to integrate them , but many russians here do n't want to integrate out of `` principle '' . 
  also i bet you 'd be hard pressed to find russians here who will say that they 're discriminated against by estonians . 
  they have all the opportunities , but many just refuse to take them , but those who do , are basically better off than ethnic estonians , since they have a lot more job openings , because they speak both languages . 
  i am too drunk to bother to search for sources at the moment , but per capita it 's not even comparable , it 's in orders of magnitude different . 
  there are hiv positive estonians , but very very few . 
  if you do n't believe me and do n't want to search for statistics on your own , ask me tomorrow . 
  you can personally dislike something , but not discriminate against it . 
  maybe suck it estonia , but not suck it estonians , it 's a problem with our russian minority , ethnic estonians are almost completely hiv free . 
  i think that 's how it generally works everywhere . 
  although it 's probably even more trouble in estonia . 
  i guess they 're extreme right wing , right wing or center right depending on who you ask , but it 's a bad way to classify parties anyway . 
  my bad , thought you said `` estonian '' !, 
   to my ear estonia sounds a bit russian ~ ~ \u0ca0_\u0ca0 , have you ever heard estonian ? 
  i mean they are n't even remotely similar . ~ ~, 
  they are n't wrong , but they just measure diversity in a different way than what i meant here . 
  estonia which is 99,9 % white and culturally pretty homogeneous is ranked higher than us in diversity , just because we have a bunch of russians here although they do n't differ much from us . 
  i doubt any person would say estonia has more diversity than us . 
  well that 's a bizarre way to measure diversity , i meant as usa has people all over the globe living there in large numbers , which is quite rare . 
  bestland sounds like an amusement park or something . 
  i prefer bestonia !,
