  or if you 're a factory worker in sweden creating exactly the same thing as a factory worker in somalia but in sweden you 're being paid $ 15/h and in somalia you 're being paid $ 1/h , are you creating more value in sweden than you would be in somalia ? 
  although the output of your work is identical . 
  you do understand that you 're making zero sense here ? 
  quantify that value for me , what is the nature of this `` value '' . 
   how are you not getting this part ? 
  if someone goes from do odd jobs somewhere shitty for $ 2/h to working a shitty job in sweden for $ 15/h there will have been created massive value . 
  $ 13/h times x hours ( + the surplus value of it ) . 
  what value are you talking about ? 
  to whom are you creating this value ? 
   aight , but this would would be better expressed as the cost to the rest of the population . 
  and remember that you can and will add value outside of the taxes you pay . 
  work has value in itself . 
  net drain on the economy is just too confused an expression . 
  the economy will basically always grow . 
  in the end it 's money that could have been used to actually help refugees in africa and the middle-east . 
   when the value of your labour goes from being worth $ 3/h to $ 15/h there will have been created a massive amount of value . 
  even if it might cost taxpayers some money at the same time . 
  you 're not making any sense . 
   `` net drain on the economy '' is such a weird expression i dont even know how it 's supposed to be defined . 
  they pretty clearly grow the economy , so do you just mean net negative government income/spending ? 
  it can be defined easily , money that currently would 've been there to use on other stuff that has been spent on accepting refugees instead . 
  the net cost , adding and subtracting all the taxes the refugees who do work have paid and everything else . 
  it 's basically a bit shittier version of coal , nothing that would be worth invading over \\ ^ \\ ^, 
   because all the people that dont want refugees will then turn around and claim that foreign aid doesnt really work and the money is better spend on causes at home . 
  and they will mostly win . 
  what keeps them from winning now ? 
  maybe the same thing will keep them from winning then also ?? 
   show your math !, 
  ( and note that costing taxpayers money isnt the same as costing the economy money ) . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20140820/parties-duel-over-refugee-costs  they probably do cost some , but it 's by far the cheapest option . 
  both because they are going to create so much more value for working than they would if they stayed . 
  cheapest option for what ? 
  if we want to help actual refugees we should do it where the actual refugees are . 
  what value are they creating if they are a net drain on the economy of their host countries ? 
   and because things like freedom , safety , civil rights and private property cant be given as aid . 
  yeah , instead of giving these things to a select few rather well off economic migrants/refugees , we should be giving food , medical help and much else to the people who are actually starving and dying . 
   it 's realism . 
  talking about some utopia , that might in theory be better , is completely irrelevant when it has no chance of happening . 
  why would n't it happen ? 
  you tell the public , that either we help a bunch of refugees in africa and middle-east or we spend the same amount of money to help only a few refugees in europe of whom a lot are n't even actual refugees . 
   this couldnt be more wrong . 
  just by letting people live in a better country you 're multiplying their productivity and value of potential wages . 
  you dont even have to spend money on them . 
  and a lot of them will send some of that newly created value back home where it will go directly to people who need . 
  in reality refugees from africa and the middle east are a net economic drain on every country that has accepted them . 
  that money would be better spent on helping the refugees in lebanon , turkey and jordan , not to mention the internally displaced people of libya and iraq . 
  since it would benefit a much bigger number of people and exactly the people who are most vulnerable . 
   1 ) we could , but we probably wouldnt . 
  atleast not most of it . 
  we would spend it on a million far less important things . 
  what kind of an argument is this ? 
   2 ) letting people move to better countries are by far the cheapest and best way to create better lives . 
  not even comparable to anything else . 
  letting people move to better countries are by far the most expensive and worst way to create better lives . 
  not even comparable to anything else . 
  yeah , and that 's where the real refugees are , that 's the people we should be giving aid to , not spending that money on the few rich enough to make the trip to europe , who barely even look like refugees . 
   feels pretty comparable despite the drug war , but we can say canada and esstonia instead . 
  why wouldnt i much rather go to canada ? 
  im leaving everything behind already . 
  because you 're not supposed to stay anyway , so why make the long and dangerous trip ? 
   because you 're helping some of the most unlucky people in the world in their attempt create better lives for themselves and their families . 
  many/most of them fleeing horrible dictatorships and war-torn countries . 
  no , you 're putting a lot of lives at risk so a very small minority of the refugees who have a lot of money to give to the traffickers and a lot of economic migrants will get a better life . 
  80 % of the refugees arriving in europe are young men , who are usually well fed and clothed . 
  instead we could be using all of this money which we spend on this tiny minority to give aid to all of the people in the conflict zones and who are internally displaced . 
  people who will never have enough money to make the dangerous trip to europe , people who are the most vulnerable , women and children . 
  instead we spend it on the few men who look awfully lot like economic migrants , rather than real people at distress . 
   so , what you 're saying is that that was conjecture . 
  give me a source that states otherwise then . 
   and ? 
  anybody would `` conveniently lose '' their documents if it 's easier that way . 
  if they 're legitimate libyan and syrian refugees , having their documents makes claiming asylum much easier . 
   what neighbouring country exists that could give them a halfway decent shot at life all of them ? 
   `` oh , i should n't burden the poor europeans , i 'll stick to having a shitty life somewhere else '' . 
  would you say that ? 
  and do you really think an economic migrant would choose the dangerous trip to europe at all ? 
  when you 're fleeing for your life , you do n't think `` maybe i 'll find some traffickers who will take me to europe , but first i have to scrape together a ridiculous sum of money '' . 
  they 'd take their stuff and head to the nearest safe place . 
   source this , please . 
  how do i source this ? 
  it 's not like they will admit to it . 
  but it 's rather apparent when a lot of the refugee claims do n't come from conflict zones , a lot of the people claiming to be from libya and syria have conveniently lost their documents and that they would choose the dangerous trip to europe in the first place , when it 's much safer to travel to a neighboring country . 
   you really think information is widespread enough for even a remotely significant chunk of people outside developed countries to know this ? 
  only 14 % of indians have access to the internet . 
  the number is likely lower in war-torn regions of africa . 
  how do they know to come to europe in the first place ? 
  of course that information spreads , australia started to refuse all asylum claims from people coming by boats and the numbers declined to almost nothing . 
  if they were `` legitimate refugees '' , they would take the much safer and cheaper trip to neighboring countries . 
   yes , because when you have a shitty job , the logical thing to do is to take all your family 's money and pay a trafficker to take you across seas in `` boats '' that 'll likely never reach . 
  that 's what a lot of economic migrants in africa do , since they hope to send money home . 
   there are millions of people in india with shit jobs to no jobs . 
  virtually none of them would consider doing this . 
  you have to be incredibly desperate and in a terrible situation to even consider doing something as reckless as begin trafficked to europe . 
  yes , since the chance of an indian actually getting accepted as a refugee is zero . 
  for africans it 's much more likely . 
   how does this make sense to you ? 
  why would anyone not care where they end up ? 
  if i was fleeing europe i would still much rather go to canada than mexico , especially if the chance of getting to stay there was a good deal higher in canada . 
  this is n't really a comparable situation , since mexico is still a pretty dangerous place , while estonia is completely safe . 
   you really should do so too , but i guess you cant be forced to do the right thing .
