  you could argue that the good outweighs the bad , but why do it in this manner in the first place ? 
  split it up to smaller pieces , reach agreements on every piece and then individually vote on every one . 
  seems like a much better way to do this , but i 'm no political scientist or economist , so i might be wrong . 
  you are a shithole , m8t . 
  they speak latvian in latvia and latvia has less mafia and crime in general than uk . 
  the 12 . is wrong , or at least misleading . 
  there are many conflicting sources on who exactly attacked sigtuna , but most sources find estonians the most likely culprits . 
  even from your own source :  on the other hand , it is confirmed that pagan pirates ( these were almost undoubtedly curonians and estonians ) in 1187 devastated sigtuna , the largest swedish trading centre at that time . 
  which would be silly anyway , since none of those countries are even near europe . 
  the point of this is to make the situation of women in the society better , but my point was that it actually makes it worse . 
  of course this affects men as well , but they already know that and think it 's a worthwhile sacrifice . 
  moldova , stop joking around and join romania already . 
  this is coming from an estonian , despising russia is pretty much genetically ingrained in us for the near 700 years of injustice . 
  yet i think russians are n't that bad themselves , they would fit in , if they just had a decent government and a decent leader for once . 
  i think one of the positive things about finland and sweden joining would be a joint strategy on how to deal with the gulf of finland in case of russian aggression . 
  ok , that 's positive . 
  thanks on the sauce . 
   to what extent should europe enlarge ? 
  balkans and russia if it ever becomes a decent country . 
   what would optimal relationship between the member states and the institutions ? 
  i think the current relationships are pretty good . 
   which factors can affect the integration process in the future ? 
  i think this depends on how the general public views eu in member states and i believe one of the more profound things which will either turn a lot of people against eu or increase its support is how the refugee/illegal immigrant issue is handled . 
   what are the pros and cons of a ` europe with multiple speeds ' ( integration at different speeds throughout different european countries ) ? 
  i think without `` multi-speed europe '' some of the members would 've left the eu a long time ago , so i 'm not sure you can talk about pro 's and con 's about it . 
  to me , it has always seemed as a major `` fuck you '' to all the hard working women who have landed lucrative positions or would land them in the future , since nobody will take them seriously now because everyone thinks they 're only where they are because of the quotas , not because they 're a brilliant person . 
  is there any studies done in sweden or anywhere alike that confirm this ? 
  or it 's assumed since equal amount of men and women do n't hold such positions ? 
  [ and serbia is getting 1.5 billion euros from 2014 to 2020 from european union , i wonder how often that makes the news . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/instruments/funding-by-country/serbia/index_en.htm ), 
  can you really pin this on the currency , though ? 
  it 's decided on populations and gdp 's . 
  also on the size of a country because a lot of money is for developing infrastructure . 
  these net figures do n't say much , since obviously a well off country with 70 million people is gon na have a bigger net contribution than a well off country with 5 million people . 
  no it does n't , it reveals which european country out of the 6 surveyed cheats most . 
  that 's not even 1/8 of the countries in europe . 
  konstantin p\u00e4ts - do n't trust the ruskies , fight them instead . 
  maybe history would 've turned out a bit better for us . 
  or send it a bit earlier , tell them to centralize and prepare for a war . 
  a unified estonia would 've most likely repelled any aggressors atleast till 1939 , and probably even then , we would 've probably seen much higher population growth , i think there would be 5-10 million of us now . 
  lenin was n't exactly a nice guy himself . 
  it was directed at russia . 
  except this is not like that , it 's russia 's official representation at the eurovision , paid by their government . 
  if they were just some guys coming here on their own accord and taking part of a contest , then it would obviously be ridiculous to `` boo '' them just because they 're from russia , but this is not the case . 
  kids do n't really get abducted in estonia , so spending a lot of money to build such a system is n't worth it . 
  also , third party studies say that there 's little evidence that it actually saves lives . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amber_alert#controversies, 
  i mean , where do you draw the line ? 
  is boycotting sports events also classless ? 
  what about economical sanctions ? 
  what about travelling restrictions ? 
  i think it 's much more preferable to show your disagreement with a nation attacking another in peaceful means like these , rather than more drastic measures . 
  seems norway is the champion at getting 0 points . 
  i would be okay with this . 
  russia is the absolute world champion of losing wars while severely outnumbering the enemy . 
  most of what they started themselves . 
  russia gets a shitton of votes from countries with big russian populations no matter what their song is every year . 
  i 've had this conversation too many times , i 'd rather not start again . 
  estonia has had online elections for 10 years without issue ( except some bandwidth problems in the beginning ) . 
  if you want to know how we make sure it 's honest i suggest you read about it online , instead of throwing empty accusations while having no idea how it all works . 
  you 'll know when you log into the app with your phone or another computer and check who you voted for , if many people would discover that their vote was hijacked ( even though they can overwrite it with a paper ballot ) there would obviously be measures taken , like cancelling the results and doing another election . 
  this has never happened though . 
  talking about an entirely different system . 
  so the boycott of summer olympics in russia in 1980 was childish and stupid as well ? 
  i think you need to take every peaceful measure you can to show a country that invading other countries is n't okay . 
  why are they allowed to participate at all ? 
  but all that room tho . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe honestly though , estonia is kind of a bad example , since we have very little emigration and our economy is n't that bad it 's already better than portugal and greece . 
  there 's only like 900 000 of us as well . 
  so you have half of our population working at your company ? 
  those seem to have turned out rather well . 
  i for one like living in one of the most sparsely inhabited lands in europe !, 
  all that room !, 
  like which ? 
  probably just sold it to them a while back . 
  billions ? 
  try trillions . 
  it does n't help much when people mostly get their information from russian media anyway , even when online and the constant brainwashing that western world is out to get poor old russia and our media is biased against russia , when in reality the bigger trustworthy sources are all rather impartial . 
   free media does n't mean it 's unbiased . 
  if it 's free , what reason does it have to be biased ? 
  of course there 's always some bias , but overall it 's rather impartial . 
  russian media is in a whole other league . 
  life is getting better in russia , sure , but it could be at least twice as good , if it was n't run by corrupt oligarchs . 
   living in a stupid echo chamber constructed by your media . 
  https://index.rsf.org/#!/ estonia 10. , russia 152 . 
  it would be much more sensible to build nuclear reactors there . 
  what germany is doing is n't really a good idea , they 're throwing a lot of money at solar power while getting little in return , while mistakenly believing it 's somehow `` greener '' than nuclear power . 
  this is a result of the majority of the public being severely uninformed about nuclear power , solar power and much else . 
  honestly , if we could just help them install some sort of a system that destroys corruption those countries would eventually become alright . 
  i think the biggest ill for most african countries is the rampant corruption that makes any development impossible . 
  this would obviously be strongly opposed by the government and everyone else in charge who profits off of the corruption , though . 
  what do i have to be butthurt over ? 
  estonia is doing better than russia in every possible metric you can find . 
   lol , you 've started with one of the most developed parts of ussr and international aid . 
  and we started with soviet debt numerous ethnic conflicts what international aid ? 
  who 's responsible for those ethnic conflicts ? 
  russia is . 
   and devastated economy with destroyed integration , logistic , scientific and other important cycles and connections . 
  and this did n't happen to estonia ? 
   yeah sure , when you do n't know how much oil barrels per capita we have .
