  also , there 's like 30 finns studying medicine in ut every year for free , which costs us an insane amount of tax money and none of them will stay here , in addition to finns openly trying to recruit our dentists and medicine workers to work there also . 
  both are a serious loss to us , i know you 're saying it as a joke , but you do n't really realize that you 're the real winner from most of the estonians working there . 
  thankfully , estonians are quite happy here . 
  we have much lower emigration rates per capita than latvia or lithuania . 
  we have of course put a lot of effort into telling people not to leave and to people who have already left to come back , also !, 
  it 's funny really , i mean i do n't really know the ins and outs of most eastern-european countries , but i know uk and many others are n't too happy that so many people from eastern-europe come there . 
  for estonia at least , it 's bad for us if people leave , every person who leaves is a loss for us , since we have the second best education in europe and there 's so few of us already . 
  i mean , if we logically could , we would n't let anyone leave \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
  this is faulty , if anything , latvia should belong to estonia , not lithuania . 
  since we annexed north-latvia in ~ 1919 , not for us of course , but to help them out since they had trouble with landeswher and with many latvians betraying latvia and joining the red army . 
  ~ 44 000 estonians living and working in finland vs ~ 7000 finns living and working in estonia , not that bad . 
  i think he said it as a joke . 
  at least i did n't take any offence !, 
  i mean , it ca n't get much important than education , but alright . 
  in most online services and much much else you 're far far behind us . 
  you suffer from the same idiocy as most americans do , you think your country is great when it 's hopelessly behind in many areas and there 's no will to improve , because you think you 're good . 
  i hope we never surrender to such thinking . 
  i mean , the education is n't even comparable , you 're third world compared to us . 
  and you think you 're better . 
  you should be ashamed of what you 're saying . 
  look at pisa scores for any year . 
  you are a joke compared to us . 
  i 'm curious , if the migrants are so great , what fuels this `` fascism '' ? 
  latvia is in northern-europe by most definitions of the term . 
  you probably think estonia is in ee as well , and if i had to choose between uk and estonia , i 'd choose estonia 9 times out of 10 . 
  better education , more freedoms , safer , many less societal problems and much much else . 
  uk has a better economy , but that 's a very little piece of the pie and i do n't believe an average estonian is much worse off than an average uk citizen economically . 
  that 's really not a lot of money ... 
  i 've heard similar stories about lithuanians in norway . 
  by what measure ? 
  i think for the majority of latvians , living in latvia is better for them than living in uk . 
  if what you 're saying would hold true , then there would be no people left in latvia , since they 're completely free to move and live in the uk . 
  [ you mean like this ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/r77nnf1dq14 ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assange_v_swedish_prosecution_authority edit : also : http://www.theguardian.com/media/2010/dec/17/julian-assange-sweden, 
  could n't the court make such a promise ? 
  against what exactly in your constitution ? 
  so call his `` bluff '' and promise he wo n't be extradited ? 
  what 's the problem ? 
  what you 're saying does n't make any sense . 
  assange has said multiple times that he will go to sweden to face those charges if they promise not to extradite him to us for whistleblowing . 
  the rape charges are very shaky , i seriously doubt he would be found guilty for that . 
  assange has always been willing to go face those charges in sweden if they promise him they wo n't extradite him to us . 
  they have been unwilling to promise him that , so he has n't gone to sweden to face those charges . 
  it still feels somewhat bizarre to give colonizers our citizenship . 
  idk . . 
  `` estonian '', 
  do you think people do n't report car thefts for example ? 
   show me the statistics for sweden being one of the most unsafe , `` dangerous '' countries in europe . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf here you go , skip the rape and in everything except in homicides sweden seems to be doing rather poorly . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf you 're joking right ? 
  they have one of the highest crime rates in oecd members , except homicides . 
  thanks !, 
  \\ ^ \\ ^ , although i think estonia gets enough praise on / r/europe as it is !, 
  i 've never reported a comment before in 3 years on reddit . 
  i really did n't mean any offence , i could 've worded myself better , but it 's no secret that gypsies are problematic not only in romania , but many other countries as well . 
  you are failing to realize how much you 've grown in the past decade , how much better things have gotten . 
  of course you ca n't expect to be at the same economic level as countries who never were occupied by ussr or part of the warsaw pact . 
  but what i would consider is the change since then . 
  the change for you is awesome !, 
  and it 's the responsibility of people like you to increase that growth further . 
  be proud of what you 've achieved !, 
  i apologize for my crude choice of words , but i hope my message comes across as positive as i meant it !, 
  that 's like , i do n't know . 
  saying tony hawk did n't improve much the last year , but you are 200 % better than you were last year at skateboard . 
  he 's so much ahead of you that it does n't matter if you improved , he still is a lot better skater than you are , even if he did n't improve the last year . 
  the pisa takers are random , i know that in my class at least , the most stupid student and the like 5th smartest student took it . 
  but that was back in elementary . 
  some countries might cheat , i doubt ours does though . 
  also i 'm from tartu , so it 's not like it 's a small town . 
  i will never understand what goes through the head of a person like that . 
  would he like if somebody scratched his car , or destroyed his property ? 
  so why does he think that it 's okay to do that to someone else ? 
  there are exceptions to every rule !, 
  there 's actually like 6 years of them , i do n't remember exactly , but i think they started in 7th grade for us and went to the end of 12th . 
  so you would expect to at least be fluent , but the teachers do n't really take it seriously either and that 's pretty much what i 've heard about other schools ( other than the one i attended ) as well . 
  honestly i 'm surprised we rank so high on pisa , teachers were more or less `` meh '' , we did n't have any equipment , i mean they could n't even afford round basketballs . 
  so microscopes and the like were totally out of question . 
  although it 's been 5 years since i went to school , and they 're really modernizing everything in the past few years , new school houses and totally renovating old ones etc. 
  and i 'm really getting off topic here , so i 'll better stop !, 
  well it is true though if you look at the map , but i was obviously joking , the reasons are most likely much more profound than the geographic location . 
  if there 's a major event at the beach , it ca n't be helped , it 's gon na look like that , no matter if you 're in canada , norway , romania or w/e else . 
  it 's expected and the organizers will pay for the cleanup which they already included in the ticket price . 
  geographic position , the more north you go , the better the economy , ireland is too north to have a bad economy . 
  from my experience , very few become fluent in russian or german in school , the 3rd language classes are pretty much blown off . 
  maybe if they started sooner it would be better , but in its current form , i 'd venture a guess that 90 % of ethnic estonians younger than 30 only speak english and estonian . 
  i seriously doubt it 's all like that and from the background it seems like there 's some sort of a celebration , so it 's pretty standard everywhere that a beach gets pretty much trashed if there 's a huge party , but they clean it up in a few days . 
  i think it 's more that the eu parliament has very little power ( or has at least exercised very little power ) over countries , and there are opt-outs etc. 
  so people just do n't really care . 
  could you please at least write the titles in only english ? 
  comments are fine , but with titles it gets a bit annoying . 
  one day finland , one day . 
  i do n't remember ever having a non-scheduled power outage in tartu city , so i was pretty surprised that we rank so low . 
  it 's probably in the countryside from storms as you said . 
  france , uk and germany have a total of 30 aerial refueling aircraft , and as i said , the fighters are completely capable of doing a few runs in the baltics and make it back to central-europe to refuel and restock . 
  the `` maaaaybe 20 combat-ready aircraft '' estimation is obviously more than retarded , when there 's over 2000 combat aircraft combined in eu alone . 
  you mostly keep your military hardware that costs almost 100 million euros a piece in shape . 
  because nobody would honor their nato agreements , right ? 
  it 's pointless even bothering to reply to people like you . 
  well they do bring aerial refueling aircraft with them and other transport , i 'd hope they have actually pretty much figured out the logistics of it already .
