  how come we 're rude ? 
  i 'd get the mean part , because we 're cold so it might come off as such , but rude , come on !, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  yes of course , but `` french '' means that they 're even reluctant to speak in english , which we do n't have an issue with . 
  why the handcuffs ? 
  what about estonia ? 
  poland definitely , romania basically , bulgaria and hungary almost . 
  i would n't exactly say that it 's that , people are quite okay with communicating in english and using english , our stance towards russian is a little more harsh , but we 're still using taxpayer money to fund many russian speaking schools . 
  second and third generation immigrants are the biggest group going from eu to fight for isis . 
  it is n't already ? 
  it 's the same in estonia and yes , everybody has their headlights on during the day , even if it 's really bright outside . 
  if you do n't , you will be fined and people constantly remind you of it , by blinking their headlights at you , if you happen to forget to turn yours on . 
  the way we 're going , nordic will soon be wanting into estonia !, 
  can you finns remind me what country has won the most world championships in wife carrying ? 
  russophobia , b & by the new rules . 
  from the comments on postimees.ee , it would appear that he 's making tens of millions . 
  it 's unwise to jump to conclusions based off that alone , it could very well be that the front tables were for premium rooms , but it if it was indeed racism , that 's rather terrible . 
  but there 's no `` ordnung '' . 
  well it is true . . 
  i have thought about this and the only upside i see is bigger wages and cheaper stuff , i would be economically better off there , but in almost all other metrics i see where i 'm at in a better light . 
  also i love my people and my country . 
  i feel at home here , so i ca n't leave . 
  aka the number of muslims is on the rise in europe ? 
  yes , vatniks are the epitome of being nordic . 
  i 'm not advocating a war , i 'm saying at 1991 , russia should 've been completely dismantled , the corrupt kgb thugs banned from government and their nuclear capabilities removed . 
  it was the only time you could do this without risking much . 
  not destroy , dismantle to form an actual democracy . 
  you 're trying to excuse russia 's behavior by saying they were also invaded , but estonia has never invaded russia , so why on earth do they keep constantly invading us ? 
  what national socialism are you talking about ? 
  germany got dismantled because the system was rotten , now they 're one of the most successful countries in the world . 
  russia needs similar treatment . 
   it could . 
  there 's just really no scientific basis for such a statement , while it 's quite trivial to observe various social pressures . 
  how do you tell if something is from societal pressure or not ? 
  remind me how many times has estonia invaded russia ? 
  north enough . 
  seriously though , i somehow pictured tampere to be more north , since it 's a couple of hundred km from helsinki and distances are much shorter in estonia . 
  although i 'll stick with my answer , i 've been to tampere a few times and it was a nice place . 
  it of course could n't be that natural selection through over a hundred thousand years have bred men to aspire to be leaders and women to aspire to be homemakers . 
  it could n't be that women have different interests than men . 
  sexism is wrong , but some groups are going crazy , `` if she does n't want to be a leader , then clearly she 's oppressed and a victim of the patriarchy '' . 
  ** sexism should be combated and is completely unacceptable ** , but a lot of people have blinders on , trying to push things to the extreme . 
  as completely anecdotal evidence , my mother is a branch manager of a few bank branches , she 's been offered a higher position multiple times , with more money and a company car , etc. 
  she has denied it every single time , since she does n't want to sacrifice so much of her time on work , she 's happy where she is . 
  it 's more important to her to have a personal life , to spend time with her kids etc , than to have a leadership position . 
  if a person does n't want to do something we should n't force it upon them , by trying to reach some misguided equality and accept that to a degree there are differences between men and women , as what they want to do and aspire to be . 
  that 's exactly the reason why i said russian state should be dismantled . 
  it 's funny that as there are no disasters the safeguards keep slowly going down , until they are low enough that there 's another and then we are reminded why there were there in the first place and they get reinstated . 
  human nature i guess . 
  i still feel bad for all the depressed people out there who will surely have an even harder time becoming a pilot in the future , because just because you 're depressed does n't mean you want to kill other people nor even yourself . 
  clearly they do n't change enough , as evident by russia . 
  sometimes you need a new beginning . 
  whatever , we 'll let the people decide , by presenting them with all the sides , not just the kremlin propaganda . 
  if they do want to stick with russia , so be it . 
  graphs and maps are awesome , keep at it , you 'll do better next time !, 
  i think the solution would be to increase immigration to sweden from north-africa and the middle-east . 
  few good apples do n't undo the death and misery russia has brought on the baltic nations for close to 1000 years , nor everywhere else . 
  and you 're misunderstanding me , i 'm not saying any harm should come towards the russian people , it 's the russian state in its current form that should be completely dismantled , nuclear weapons removed , splitting it up to make countries based on ethnicity and culture and ofcourse there will be a russian nation inhabited by russians , but it should be a democratic one that functions a lot differently than it does now . 
  this would increase the cultural and scientific output russia would have , not lower it . 
  norway or northern-finland most likely , like tampere . 
  although things should be really bad here , like certain death if i do n't move or i 'm good here . 
  [ muslim gang kicked rhea page in head yelling ` kill the white ' - cctv ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtmgkp3lqhi ) i do n't think these singular cases deserve that much attention , there will always be some idiots , but if we want to look at something , we should look at the bigger trends . 
  oh , it 's in millions of euros ? 
  i understood the map wrong then , you should 've been a little more specific . 
  yeah , i 'd like to but ca n't , because similar reason you 've just pointed out , in addition to it 's the only way i keep in touch with many people . 
  i do n't think it is , at least in europe . 
  i 'm not saying there is none , but the majority comes down to life choices , interest etc and a very small proportion actually to sexism . 
  wait what ? 
  i 'm pretty sure in estonia car insurance even has to cover personal injury even when the 3rd party is to blame but not driving a car , so if a bicycle or a pedestrian is to blame for you hitting him , your insurance still has to cover their injury . 
  although , there is n't usually much to cover , since free healthcare . 
  i 'm not talking about russian citizens i 'm talking about the state as the whole , it should be completely dismantled . 
   tell that to russian north-west army which helped estonia to gain its independence sadly the last hope for russia died with them . 
   men are far more likely to die in wars \\ #thisiswhyineedmensrights seriously though , these maps are very misleading , since they do n't account for a multitude of things than can give a non-sexist answer why the statistic skews this way or the other . 
  if it 's more than 50 % is it still a good thing ? 
   one has to be borderline retarded to think that nazi rule and soviet rule are equally bad . 
  from a guy who said this , top kek . 
  russia is like this cancerous growth from the east , who has brought nothing but death and misery to their neighbors for a thousand years now . 
  seeing the shit they 're up to again in ukraine , russia should 've been completely destroyed in 1991 , all their nuclear arms removed , chechnya etc regions given independence and made sure that they will never get their hands on nuclear weapons again . 
  you try to play nice , but russia never changes . 
  so we should stop fooling ourselves , hoping that we can have good relations with russia . 
  what do you do with rabid dogs ? 
  you put them down . 
  an introverts dream !, 
  i think children are children most everywhere . 
  they still talk and make jokes , act out , etc. 
  although generally people are rather reserved . 
  you do n't talk to strangers , you do your best to stay quiet in public places , so you do n't bother other people . 
  people rarely hug here , there 's an age like 14-19 where especially girls like to hug people , but you almost never see guys hugging , only on birthdays is it allowed . 
  you put on your headphones and keep on rocking . 
  seriously though , any sane logical person ( which i expect pilots to be ) would understand that opening the door would have far worse consequences . 
  also this scenario is rather unlikely in the first place , the passengers would revolt against being tortured to death one by one . 
  many would die but they 'd eventually overpower the hijackers , since you wo n't be smuggling very powerful guns and too much ammo on board in the first place . 
  what 's funny to me , that this is an excellent way of hiding the real problems . 
  `` we just use different methodology for rape '' , `` people are more likely to report it here '' etc. 
  nobody cares about the actual number , nor what 's really going on . 
  i would n't be surprised if sweden was still first if all these `` concerns '' were accounted for . 
  although , nobody will do this in sweden , because it would be rather obvious what 's the reason behind the increase and then the multiculturalist house of cards would crumble . 
  44 coming to estonia from nl as well . 
  kill everyone on board  torture some passengers . 
  phone gps ?
