  did you even bother to read what it is about ? 
  it gives absolutely no right nor does it even make it easier to reside or even travel to estonia . 
  wow , what the fuck ? 
  if more people knew about this shady shit , a lot less people would support the schengen . 
  we opened our borders to eu citizens , not every idiot who can pay belgium 400 000 euros , what a joke . 
   the possession of legislative power does not implicate affection of an average citizens day to day life either , it 's not an inevitable consequence . 
  legislative power obviously helps , as does presence in media ( and politics ) . 
  and we are not even talking about indirect affection . 
  in real life though , some person appearing on the media does n't really affect your life , you can turn off the tv . 
  what you ca n't ignore is when the facets of your life are changing . 
  like taxes , subsidies , the 200 people arriving in your small village of 1000 people from a third world country , laws that forbid or legalize doing something etc. 
   as to afd and hate : yes , being against mass immigration is n't necessarily hate . 
  it 's a vague opinion that only consists of being against instead of for something , which makes it a rather unproductive and less valuable , but still perfectly legitimate opinion . 
  it 's a opinion build on fears and emotions instead of rationality and empirical facts . 
  it 's a simple barroom clich\u00e9 , which is nothing that is forbidden in politics - but also not very useful in politics either . 
  i do n't see what is vague about it . 
  also it 's the exact opposite , with facts and statistics you can make a far stronger argument against mass immigration than you can for mass immigration . 
  and that 's what has been happening in reality as well , with the leftist campaigns of `` open your heart '' or commercials that manipulate people 's emotions towards being accepting of refugees/immigrants . 
  i mean , you can be as hardcore of a leftie as you can , but it 's still impossible to refute that immigrants are over represented in a lot of bad things and underrepresented in a lot of good things . 
  now , you might argue that the reason why the facts are as such are due to things outside of the control of said immigrants , but the end of the day , they still are over represented in bad things and under represented in good things . 
  that was my point, 
   well , frauke petry might not have legislative power , but she very well affects day to day ( political ) life , especially public life . 
  she 's in news daily . 
  being in news does n't mean you actually affect the day to day life of average people . 
  you need to have legislative/executive power to do that . 
   i really do n't think hate helps at all , but let 's not forget that she is the head of a party that spreads hate and lives of people 's fears and anger . 
  hate against hate is not very productive , but we should n't forget that she kind of started the descending spiral of hate . 
  being against mass immigration is not `` hate '' , it 's a perfectly acceptable political position which some might not agree with , but according to most polls done around europe , most people do agree with . 
  if the child has no mental deficiencies and it 's a medically verifiable fact that he 's in excruciating pain and terminally ill , then i see nothing wrong with it . 
  they ca n't regret it later in life , since they 're terminally ill . . 
   when refugee shelters were being set on fire , commenters here described it as the logical conclusion of their anger . 
  nobody here said that it was acceptable or logical , what some said is that they understand where the frustrations come from and that the government could do better to engage the german public about their frustrations , so maybe these things would n't happen . 
  not even talking about drastic change of policy , but just to engage the public about their concerns . 
  this however is an entirely different thing , this person has no real legislative power , she does n't affect the day to day life of the german public , there 's no honest reason to be that frustrated at this person as to torch their car . 
  it 's just pure hate . 
  the precursor to euthanasia is and always has been in the western countries that have or do practice it that the patient is of sound mind , so most your criticism does n't really apply . 
  before you expect things , might you try reading the article first ? 
  `` environmental groups criticise plan that will allow hunters to shoot up to 47 of an estimated 68 wolves '' this means it will cost absolutely nothing to the norwegian taxpayers , they 're just allowing hunters to shoot them . 
  this is way less prevalent than people think , the mere fact that such doubts are held by large swathes of people means that nl government is aware and cautious about that . 
  average wage does n't reflect what the average person earns , that 's the sum of all wages divided by the number of people , it could be one person making 8329\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 euros a year and the rest 999\u00a0999\u00a0999 people making 1 euro a year . 
  ( i know china 's population is n't 1 billion exactly ) . 
  what you want to look at is median wage . 
  what does the absolute size of romania 's economy really give romania ? 
  for ridiculously big countries it can be a factor , to twist arms and arrange better trade deals , but romania is very far off that . 
  and this is coming from an estonian guy who made a very well received self-post about appreciating romania in / r/europe for all the huge steps they 've made towards transforming towards a modern free western country in the past 5-10 years especially . 
  the average person in china is way way poorer than the average person in romania . 
  these absolute values are pretty pointless today , what matters are the per capita values . 
  come on , that 's obviously not the poorest neighborhood in 2016 , there are a billion places that look like the 2009 picture all over bucharest today , as there are in most european capitals . 
   banning symbols does not stop the ideology behind it , you need to attack the ideology itself through education and interaction . 
  turkey probably had less people wearing hijab before ban than after it . 
  how about nazism ? 
  seemed to work pretty great there ... 
  [ sure you would . 
  ] ( http://frontierpartisans.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/internet-tough-guy.jpg ), 
  [ it is generally recognized both by case law and legal doctrine that consent is implied or not needed for pictures of * people who are present in a public location ( unless the depicted person is the main focus of the picture ) . 
  ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/commons:country_specific_consent_requirements#france )  apparently triggered by a tourist taking a photo of women in `` burkinis '' . 
  from the wording of the article it would appear that he took pictures of multiple people at a time , thus what he did was legal . 
  no , it is not . 
   [ taking a picture of a person in a public space : does not normally require consent if done by individuals for personal use only . 
  ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/commons:country_specific_consent_requirements#germany ) how are people so ignorant about something this basic ? 
   the tourist who takes pictures without authorization ? 
  legal in public places . 
   the two families who get angry and attack the tourist and used a fucking harpoon ? 
  yes . 
   the young native who use this opportunity for fighting ? 
  defending a tourist \u2260 using this opportunity for fighting . 
   the vigilant group who came burning car and harassing the muslim family ? 
  where did you read that the natives were the ones burning the cars ? 
  where did you read they were harassing anyone ? 
  are you just making things up ? 
   it is not allowed to take pictures of people without their authorization . 
  no , it 's not illegal to take pictures of people without their authorization in public places . 
  at least not in france and i 'm pretty sure nowhere else in europe . 
  i see the ultra-mega-hyper-populist-extreme-far-right meme is still alive and well . 
  `` we 're angry at the government , better destroy some poor guys property '' good luck france , honestly , you 're gon na need it . 
   then the uk should increase the minimum wage . 
  why did nobody think of this before / s , are you actually serious ? 
  to have any effect , you 'd have to set minimum wages by sector and there 's still a ton of ways to abuse it to no end . 
   in construction there is a huge issue of eastern europeans working cash in hand for wages english labourers can compete even less with . 
  it 's very hard to prove and you 'll never catch everyone doing this . 
  they usually legally pay minimum wage and then pay the rest as cash in hand with no taxes . 
  good luck trying to find every such employer and prove that they 're guilty . 
   isnt the minimum wage the same for everyone ? 
  do you want to live on minimum wage ? 
  that 's the point , they drive the wage down from 2-3x the minimum wage to minimum wage , at which money you 're unable to support your family , pay rent and live a decent life ethnic english people are used to . 
  for polish , romanian etc migrants , they live in crammed up in small apartments , send all the money home and then go back . 
  this benefits the migrants and the business owners , but the average englishman who does n't have any special skills is left high and dry . 
   are not the conditions the same for everyone ? 
  let 's make up a totally random example . 
  say i 'm an employee at a paving company , i make stuff like [ this ] ( http://completelandscape.com.au/images/bg-paving.jpg ) for a living . 
  i used to get nice new expensive gloves everyday that do n't fuck up my hands . 
  there used to be a forklift at every location we worked at ( and i could name 100x things more ) , all of this obviously costs money for the employer , but me and my mates would not be willing to work any other way . 
  now polish migrants come in , and they 're content with getting cheap gloves every 5-10 work days , their hands are all blistered to shit and their back is fucked , since the employer sold the forklifts and the polish workers have to lift the pavement stones all the way from where the truck set them down . 
  it 's impossible to regulate every single such thing , so whatever yo do , if poor migrants come , who are willing to work in shittier conditions , shittier conditions will happen . 
  and this is just a part example how the employer can take advantage of the situation and screw over his employees and there 's no recourse , since if you complain they 'll just hire another migrant , and this goes for pretty much every low skilled job , i just made this example , since i used to work as a paver myself a long time ago . 
  now i 'm a software developer and migrants barely threaten my job security at all , but i understand that not everyone can have a high skilled job and not everyone is capable of it , but those people matter as well . 
  it 's not that they 're better , it 's that they 're willing to work for much less money and shittier conditions . 
  the difference being that those are things that i can control , getting shot , blown up or run over by a extremist lunatic are n't . 
  what it showed was there were points in history where some ee countries were richer than some we countries . 
  basically the entire paragraph he wrote is bullshit , since what he wrote also applies to finland , but finland is rich as shit .
