  there 's nothing wrong about that . 
  nobody has the empathy or time to care about every single human in the world . 
  are n't kurds the ones who are responsible for the most honor killings in turkey etc ? 
  i 'm having the impression that they 're pretty fundamentalist themselves . 
  just not the right kind for isis , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  why would someone not want independence ? 
  and why do they only talk about the uk in the news , interesting stuff is also happening indonesia , right ? 
  i would n't blame the woman , there are always some idiots who will cry `` fire '' , but the people that fired him , are the ones who are really to blame . 
  they should face the full consequences for their incompetence . 
  idiocracy , it begins . 
  i think '' * you 're such a swede * '' would work . 
  they would never be any match to turkey militarily , so what are they afraid of ? 
  still zero terrorist attacks in the baltics , you can guess why . 
  i think all people deserve to have their own nation , if they 're doing war crimes or w/e then punish those who are responsible accordingly , but you ca n't damn the entire people . 
  i believe there are some areas the state should take a more keen interest in children . 
  you just ca n't trust the parents to always do what 's best and we 've long established that parents ca n't choose to kill their children . 
  so why would they be allowed to kill their children by overfeeding , not vaccinating or neglect ? 
  but they are more important , they are more important to * us * . 
  they 're not more important intrinsically , but to us , they are . 
  it 's way too soon for some countries , it would create more problems than it would solve . 
  hopefully in 10-20 years , though . 
  nad on rassistid , puhtalt . 
  the thing with such threads is that in the beginning a lot of reactionary posts get to the top , because people are shocked , but few hours later it balances out and there 's real discussion to be head . 
  we are , unemployment is really low and we 're doing pretty well . 
  about the articles , i do n't really know , depends on what you 're more interested in ? 
  wikipedia is always a good start . 
  i 'm sorry , i had no idea this had been posted and removed before . 
  i just looked at / new / and saw it is n't posted yet and it would probably garner interest here . 
  [ express says it 's a popular destination for britons . 
  ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/587095/terror-attack-tourist-hotel-tunisia-sousse ), 
  here 's an idea , maybe post other europe related material then ? 
  instead of complaining about what others post ? 
  2010 , really old video . 
  good news is that we 're finally reaching the pre-crisis levels of economy again now . 
  i still remember the 2007-2008 period so clearly , i had a summer job out of high school doing construction and the pay was ridiculous at the time , people were really high on the growth and it really seemed like the party will never end . 
  most cities in estonia use ground water as tap water , many wells are deeper then those of some commercial bottled water brands . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf that 's honestly very peculiar if true , since per capita estonia has much lower crime than finland in many areas . 
  does `` estonians '' mean estonian citizens or also russian non-citizens from estonia ? 
  what are the % of foreign nationals from somalia and iraq for example ? 
  absolute numbers are completely meaningless , what about the per capita values ? 
  are the foreign prisoners estonian citizens or just from estonia ? 
  google translate refuses to work on that pdf , so i ca n't really comment . 
  are you talking about per capita values ? 
  maybe cite some numbers ? 
  sauce ? 
   do you have data regarding this ? 
  do you consider baltics and russia third world ? 
  honest questions , legit curious . 
  how are these honest questions ? 
  who would consider baltics third world ? 
  when estonia has low crime and second best education in europe ? 
  you have to be retarded to think baltics is third world . 
  what if we had some sort of a system for holding publications accountable for knowingly spreading falsehoods ? 
  there are libel laws already so it would n't be such a stretch prosecute for such . 
  then it would n't be a problem if they established a subsidiary or not . 
   you ca n't physically make the continent a fortress sure you can , deploy a bunch of drones to scout african coast-lines , return every boat to its origin . 
  we need drones anyway and it would be a great way to train pilots . 
  i think the problem is that finland 's punishments are quite lax , they 're designed in having low recidivism , high social cohesion and high levels of education in mind . 
  when it comes to uneducated third world migrants , it 's very likely that they 'll fall back into this behavior soon after being released and the time they spend in jail is n't very long . 
  so what can you do ? 
  you ca n't have different criminal codes for foreigners and natives , you do n't want to raise the punishments , because this is what works for the majority of the population . 
  what options are you left with ? 
  besides limiting the influx of third world immigrants in the first place ? 
  i do n't know ? 
  is it really ? 
  i 'm just asking , since the majority of indians who know estonia this intimately are studying it here , so i 'd just call it an educated guess ? 
  236 people out of over a 100 000 , sure thing m8t . 
  what residents ? 
  one idiot ? 
   so , there are n't any independent polling companies in estonia ? 
  colour me shocked . 
  there are many , you are completely free to hire any of them , or if an estonian one wo n't do , hire a foreign one . 
  i already know the answer . 
  go ahead , take an independent polling company and pay them to do a poll there . 
  hit me back with the results when you 're done . 
  nobody is going to have a referendum for something that has no support , it 's a waste of money and time . 
  we do n't have to prove anything to anyone . 
  maybe russia should have a referendum on joining china too ? 
  just to show them support for russia when it fails ? 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  yeah , estonia is n't one to lie and cheat and i hope we will stay that way . 
  the entire point you 're trying to make is ridiculous anyway , since there 's no local support for a referendum . 
  ok , we 'll have it after russia has one in chechnya . 
  so you 'd support the same thing in chechnya ? 
  also , what reason would we have to have this referendum , when there 's no local interest in it ? 
   when this happens , do you think nato 's going to risk nuclear war to save narva ? 
  of course , we know appeasement does n't work . 
   why not held yet another referendum on whether it should stay with estonia ? 
  there 's absolutely no point either way . 
  first of all such a referendum would be illegal and second of all , they would vote against it , since their economic and pretty much every other situation is far better in estonia . 
   that would be relevant if estonia was a successor of the livonian order or swedish empire ( it obviously is n't ) . 
  narva was first conquered by the russian state in the mid-16-th century , lost during the time of troubles and re-conquered in 1704 . 
  and yes , narva was ( quite illegitimately ) given to estonia ( estland governorate back then ) by bolsheviks regardless of whether you like it or not : the entirety of estonia has been conquered by different countries from 1227 to 1918 , i do n't see how that is relevant . 
  also , i 'm sure this is something they do n't teach you in school , but those same bolsheviks attacked and tried to conquer the entire estonia in 1918 , only to get their asses beat in `` estonian war of independence '' . 
  after which narva was permanently said to be estonian clay in `` tartu rahu '' . 
  so everything is very legitimate . 
  i like the un definition of lithuania also being in northern-europe , i think it makes sense geographically and culturally . 
  baltics is also fine for us all three . 
  when i hear `` eastern european '' the first thing that springs to mind is slavs , poverty , corruption , unhappiness , criminality , danger etc. . 
  oh , we get our fair share of indians doing their masters in it here .
