  i can , with a screwdriver you can kill someone , with a pepper spray you ca n't . 
  anal sex makes transmitting the disease far far more likely . 
  gay men statistically have many many more sexual partners on average than straight men/women . 
  tests can fail, 
  why would n't it be legal ? 
  it 's a great way of defending yourself , especially for women when attacked , that does no permanent damage . 
  that would be illegal , finnish agencies just ignore it ? 
  a little correction : one dark-skinned foreign student claims children threw rocks at her . 
  this title is the epitome of click bait . 
  this is great news , this means you can keep all of the refugees and stop pushing for the quotas . 
  problem solved !, 
   and when they need some more money to give to migrants , they 'll just raise taxes . 
  also loans , according to an article a few days back . 
  ~ 65 year olds are usually completely capable of continuing to work these days . 
  people are more healthy at an older age now , that 's why the average life span is increasing . 
  retirement age should be raised and work week length lowered , problem solved . 
  of course not , neither is high school , middle school or elementary education . 
  i personally believe the best decision makers are feral people from the woods . 
  if the advisers have no higher education either , they can hire competent sub-advisers to work for them !, 
  do n't worry , most swedish ministers have no higher education . 
  their prime minister dropped out of `` social work '' after a year and a half . 
  look how well they 're doing . 
  as you should be . 
  the only collective solution there is , is a complete overhaul of the system how and who we grant asylum to . 
  anything else , like the quota system is hogwash anyway , since it does nothing to solve the problem , the hordes will never stop . 
  i 'm sure hungary would fully support funding border countries to strengthen their borders . 
   isnt that exactly what hungary expects its southern neighbors to do though ? 
  what ? 
  hungary expects them to defend their borders as well . 
   also are n't they already hosting them in their own countries for the most part ? 
  currently yes , but that 's what the quota system wants to change . 
  yeah , and that was russians . 
  til, 
   apparently estonia did the same thing in 1921 what ? 
  this is the first time i 've heard of this , what were we called before then ? 
   i 'm sure estionan police has had plenty of riots by white people only one during the 24 years we 've been independent actually . 
   unconscious cognition is a very well-researched phenomenon , so i really do n't see how saying `` no it does not '' is a good enough contradiction to that . 
  it 's like you only read half the sentence , they were n't putting on a show , it was n't meant to affect anyone , they were doing an exercise , a journalist just took a picture at an opportune moment . 
  also , that connection has long been made for pretty much anyone anyway , from the news . 
   could you source that ? 
  like every picture of refugees ? 
  i doubt there 's a scientific study on that . 
  no it does not , they were n't putting on a show anyway , it was a exercise . 
  they just wanted to add some authenticity to it . 
  they 're still browner than us and they only make up a small amount of the refugees anyway . 
  and anyway , like i said , the majority of the refugees coming to europe are brown . 
  most refugees we 're receiving are some shade of brown , nobody is saying anyone is a rioter , it 's just an exercise , since rioting by refugees has happened in other countries . 
  why ? 
  this is actually exactly what happened according to the rescue department head , he said the local mayor brought bananas for lunch . 
  stockholm is roughly the size of copenhagen , i wonder what makes sweden have over 3x the gun violence , what 's wrong with swedes ? 
  i know estonians can get their passport sent to any other eu member embassy , so i 'm 99 % sure latvia has that as well . 
  he should contact either his foreign ministry or the government body responsible for handling documents . 
  ca n't he wait until the end of january to request the travel document then ? 
  or does he need his passport now ? 
  if so , why ? 
  but they would n't pay for the utilities . . also it 's about 0 chance for them to get a job there , because those places are pretty much dead . 
  i know you 're joking , but still wanted to clear it up a bit !, 
  as a passenger it makes little difference ... 
  one dollar ? 
   guilty until proven innocent ? 
  it 's not a crime . 
  no it 's absolutely not . 
  the origin on refugees to denmark and germany is more or less the same and it hardly matters anyway , since there 's no incentive not to lie and every incentive to lie . 
  what i 've showed you , that there is plenty of examples of this happening , obviously there is n't a specific study for every country available , but you can draw broader conclusions , if you have data that disputes that , go ahead . 
  do they do age tests in germany ? 
  can you refuse them ? 
  that was my entire point , they lie about being 15 when they 're actually adults , although it offers no benefit over lying about being 17 afaik , so why would n't they say they 're 13 or younger as well ? 
  yankee go home . 
   that 's denmark , not germany . 
  it also says nothing about the source country ; 2014 was long before the syrian thing blew up so significantly . 
  why would it be any different in germany ? 
   this still ignores the fact that many refugees are reporting as under 13 , not 15 - 17 as in this story . 
  it makes absolutely no sense to do so , at least one can claim benefit of doubt if they 'd reported as 17 . 
  why would anyone report under 17 ? 
  yet they do , and probably the same reason some go as far as saying under 13 . 
  i mean , those were just results on the first page of a google search , there 's tons of data about this . 
  http://www.thelocal.dk/20150622/refugee-children-in-denmark-found-to-be-adults http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/asylum-seekers-pretending-to-be-teenagers-for-faster-processing/story-e6frf7jo-1226056354628 https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/wa/a/8607237/asylum-seekers-lie-about-age/, 
  what ? 
  the official does n't put down any age then ? 
  so the official does n't believe the asylum seeker is telling the truth , what 's next ? 
   it is pretty impossible to claim you are 13 if you are an adult . 
  what 's stopping them from doing so ? 
  `` 18 or lower '' , self-reported , right ? 
  that data is worthless , just lies to speed up the asylum process . 
  why is the latest data for uk more than a year old ? 
  sometime we do !, 
  if the immigrants are already there , it 's a bit late to protest . . 
  germany ran out of money in 1939 ? 
  i was under the impression that at that point they were doing rather well economically , that the crisis was quite a bit before that . 
  you are from the same ethno-linguistic group though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oeselians  the oeselians or osilians were a historical subdivision of estonians inhabiting saaremaa . 
  the oeselians were known in the old norse icelandic sagas and in heimskringla as v\u00edkingr fr\u00e1 esthland ( english : vikings from estonia ) . 
  you 're wrong . 
  why estonia over lithuania ? 
  just curious . 
   on the other hand , the swedes are absolutely insane . 
  very generous , but insane . 
  it will take ages to integrate such a large proportion of refugees . 
  i would n't be so bleak , some additional women 's studies classes and the swedes will integrate fine . 
  with how things are progressing now , you 'll be the only ones who are gon na get kicked out for the mess you 've helped to create .
