  international news , russians on reddit , social media etc. 
  is n't it in french ? 
  because the debt greece owes is mostly owned by other eu members , so there was a hope that if we give some more help they 'd get on their feet and pay most of it back , which is a lot better than not getting anything back . 
  this did n't work , so now we lose even more money and the value of the euro will become worse . 
  so basically , in hindsight , it was a mistake . 
  i do n't know if this has been said before , but big props to / r/europe moderators for stepping up and doing these megathreads in a nice and informative manner . 
  it must take some effort to put all of this together . 
  what does that mean ? 
  are neo-nazis completely ostracized from normal society in germany ? 
  are they all unemployed ? 
  do they have no friends ? 
  our politicians are most likely influenced by finland too somewhat , since finland tries to act very friendly towards russia . 
  well , we 're trying . 
  we just single-handedly blocked lifting travel bans from russian officials who wanted to attend the osce assembly . 
  seems we 're doing something wrong , i wonder what it is . 
  our media does n't really discuss russia a lot , it 's just what i 've heard here and there . 
  i would n't say people here are russophobic , just keeping our guard up , because history and recent events . 
  it 's not as bad as it seems really . 
  yes , because it 's illegal and you got to prison for selling or wearing one . 
  so what would they do ? 
  destroy the shop ? 
  why would the shopkeeper care about the reactions , when he 's still making money ? 
  there are plenty of neo-nazis in germany ( and pretty much every other country in the world ) who would buy that crap . 
  are you hinting at ukraine ? 
  ukraine is in chaos , there are other factors at play . 
   the biggest problem here are stray dogs though . 
  : s we still do n't have proper services who take care of that ... kek , seems like such a bizarre problem , never had such issues here , but one step at a time i guess . 
  at least things are moving in the right direction . 
  i hope you guys will join eu eventually . 
  the only reason you ca n't is because it 's banned . 
  that 's pretty great , i doubt we have something like that in estonia , although our gdp ppp is over two times higher than serbia , they just sometimes go around and clean some stuff up , but the amount of graffiti people are doing has gone down as well . 
   if it was a complete taboo these graffiti would 've been gone by long already , yet they stayed for some months . 
  i do n't think many balkan countries spend much money on removing graffiti . 
  it 's expensive and it is a billion times easier to graffiti than to clean it off , so it 's a losing battle anyway unless you direct a lot of effort . 
  some 15 years ago , when estonia was still very poor , we had issues with graffiti as well , drawings of dicks and w/e stayed up for months or years . 
  i mean there still are some issues , but to a much smaller degree now . 
  so no , graffiti does n't mean the entire country likes the pictures of penises , it just means the country lacks the resources to clean it up . 
  that 's like saying `` i saw a swastika graffiti in germany , i guess they 're all still assholes . . '' it seems rather peculiar to me that when there are muslim terror attacks in europe , the sentiment here is \\ #notallmuslims , but you see some graffiti and t-shirts in serbia , `` welp , fuck the entire country '' . 
   i think all phobias are irrational honestly . 
  it does n't really matter what you think , phobia is an irrational fear by * definition * . 
  if it is n't irrational it stops being a phobia . 
  i 'm a bit disappointed it was n't estonia , are n't we the ones russia likes to cry about the most ? 
  what is filling out income tax ? 
  because hitler was a nationalist , so a lot of people go `` well hitler was a bad guy , he was a nationalist , ergo nationalism is bad '' . 
  which is a logical fallacy . 
  there 's nothing wrong with `` identifying with , or becoming attached to , one 's nation . '', 
  as wikipedia defines it . 
  there are of course nationalists who distort this to mean that other nations and people are inferior , as hitler did , which is of course dumb . 
  if you do n't consider those people , nationalism can be a good thing , since it promotes social cohesion , gives people the feeling of belonging ( which is very important for the human psyche ) and makes people want to contribute to the betterment of their nation . 
  which means less crime and corruption and more hard working individuals . 
  i believe a lot of the problems in third-world countries stem from lacking a national identity , they do n't give a shit about their country so they emigrate , take bribes , vandalize etc. 
  ( not everyone of course ) all european countries and people are nationalist to some degree , even when they do n't realize this themselves , or we 'd be all living in sweden , finland or uk . 
  we would n't have borders , we would grant anyone citizenship , start using the english language instead etc. 
  saying nationalism is inherently hateful is like saying because someone likes chocolate chip ice cream , he must think strawberry ice cream is shit . 
  really germany ? 
  this is the direction you want to be heading in this day and age ? 
   `` i heard good news about england . 
  they give you a house and some money to spend and live . 
  and then they give them the opportunity to study , to have a good life . '', 
  it seems like a lot of these migrants are severely misinformed , but lies like those are how smugglers increase their business . 
  maybe eu should advertise in those countries that it 's a life threatening trip , most get deported and there are n't many benefits and maybe the people trying to come to eu would decrease . 
  that 's why you see all these migrants complaining about their treatment , that they 're living in overcrowded housing with little money etc , they were completely misinformed what it would be like here . 
  it 's a joke , it 's like saying we used to drive bmw 's from germany but now we drive lada 's from russia . 
  there 's nothing really wrong with your beef , it 's just romania still has the image of a poor country with lower standards in the mind of a lot of people , so people joke over it . 
  but there are countries with much higher unemployment and lower crime than belgium same with alcoholism and drugs , and i doubt belgium for some reason has worse parents than other countries . 
  so it 's not because people are poor , it 's because other people are richer that makes them break the law ? 
  if crime is heavily correlated with socio-economic status , then why do countries where the `` middle class '' is worse off than the poor in belgium have much lower crime ? 
  i know plenty of estonians working in norway , never had any problems . 
   military is not meant to be used for these kinds of things . 
  yes , guarding and defending an area is completely out of the scope of what military is about . 
  the title leaves the wrong impression , he accused the ep of being like nazis on the issue of forcing unification . 
  he was n't glorifying nazism . 
  is this the case in sweden and norway ? 
  well , guess they can go back then , if it 's so bad here . 
  aww shit , son , it 's official now . 
  i mean if finland can into scandinavia , why not estonia too \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
  i do n't this is universal , estonia for example has n't had any populist parties in power since we regained independence in 1991 , even the party who made really though decisions about austerity during the economic crisis got elected back . 
  although the last elections populist parties had a stronger presence in the votes , but did not get into the coalition . 
  i think the solution is education , the more smarter and well informed the populance , the better parties get into government . 
  if anything i 'd blame a lot of the media for having strong biases and skewing the public perceptions . 
   the updated legislation will also allow hungary reject asylum claims from people travelling from syria , iraq or afghanistan through other so-called safe countries without asking for asylum there . 
  why is this not the norm everywhere ? 
  good riddance , is a strong sentiment here . 
  they do n't pay taxes and they 're not responsible with their finances , so we do n't see how poorer countries like estonia who have been ridiculously responsible should pick up the tab after them . 
  the only way they 'll learn to be more responsible in the future and pay their taxes is * if it all comes crashing down , maybe they 'll stop electing these populist politicians and start being responsible . 
  used more oil shale and other resources we have ourselves or can import from better countries . 
  the amount of gas we import is small , we are n't dependent on it , we could function fine without it . 
  if we get some cheap gas , we 'll use it , but we are n't dependent on it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war we saw russia is back at its old ways again and that we ca n't rely on anything from them . 
  this is great , but we do n't even really use gas , it makes up a small fraction of our total energy use and we 'd be pretty much okay without it , so statements like these can be very misleading :  in terms of gas supple , estonia is the least independent nation of the entire 28 nations of the european union . 
  i always wondered that how can they afford all the ads , who would pay for these live chats , i guess very very many people would ... 
  planning to do so , but 2 people can only achieve so much . . : <, 
  if there were 5,1 million estonians living in estonia , we 'd be doing really good tbh . 
  at the moment it 's 900 000 . 
  for fuck sake , we 're already an endangered species , ca n't we catch a break . 
  the guardian has been going down hill for a while now , imo . 
  japan really dislikes russia , right ? 
  somebody stealing the purse would make sense , sad that there are such bastards who would do that . . 
  that 's rather peculiar , who walks around without a wallet , unless you live somewhere close by . 
   the woman was 25 to 45 years old also , what ?
