  there are much bigger cities than paris and in every single one of them , this is n't a tradition . 
  our umemployment levels are way lower than finland , and our emigration rates are pretty low compared to what they were before and are in latvia and lithuania for example . 
  so i would n't say `` what many of our people do '' anymore . 
  victim of what ? 
  i 'd vagure a bet that most of your course mates have already found work , if you ca n't find a job with a stem degree , then it seems like it 's more your fault than anybody elses . 
  that 's the problem , finland has made it so that working as a bartended is better than no job at all , by giving foreigners such easy access to welfare , if that guy had a choice between working or living in a homeless shelter , he 'd be rather quick to get that bartender job . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  http://edition.cnn.com/videos/tv/2016/07/24/sanders-im-not-an-atheist-its-outrageous.cnn http://time.com/109050/a-nation-of-growing-atheists-still-wouldnt-trust-one-to-run-the-country/, 
  similarly how being atheist is legal in us , but admitting such and seeking the popular vote would be carreer suicide . 
  in estonia it 's the other way around , admitting you 're a christian will make the majority of the people not vote for you . 
  protecting their people from exactly what happened very recently in germany , and what keeps happening over western-europe over and over again . 
  this is a very dumb question . 
  and absolutely every sensible person would prefer that over islamist nutjobs . 
  that catholicism is n't relevant to 21 century europe . 
  you also have to have one in estonia , but there is no punishment for not having one , the government never reminds you to get one , so basically you have to have one by name only . 
  yes , since ice cream originated from bucheries and is universally known as a product made from animals . 
  are people born this dumb or does this take effort to get to be like this ? 
  are you retarded or do you have 0 reading comprehension ? 
  like i 've already said , there are a ton of eu regulations already on what you can name the food items you 're selling based on the contents , this would n't be anything new . 
  honestly , to me , sausage is something that 's meatbased , if it 's `` vegetarian '' then it 's sausage by shape only , i would n't mind if it were forced to be named something else , since we do have a lot of rules on what you can call food items you 're selling based on the contents . 
  i doubt that 's a healthy diet for your dog though . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  i 'm not afraid of the women hearing me , i just ca n't take a shit while knowing there are women outside the stalls , shy bladder/bowel is rather common , much more common than being transgendered . 
  fakenews . 
  what kind of polls are you reading , and why do they measure something that has no effect on which candidate wins ? 
  lines , women take ages to use the bathroom , why would men have to suffer for this ? 
  i ca n't take a shit while there are women chatting around . 
  i do n't care which bathroom a transgendered person uses , should be up to them , but for god sake do n't make men and women share bathrooms , it 's a horror story . 
  [ panorama i took at a wedding in estonia ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vzhzg ), 
  it is likely that eu had a big effect , but even before 2004 when we joined , estonian economy for example was growing very quickly . 
  there are many jobs that require no language skills and where companies would welcome minimum wage employees ( and the fact that they 'll agree to work in terrible working conditions , which are the bare minimum they can legally get away with ) with open arms . 
  like factory , janitorial and construction jobs . 
  there are still a ton of non-skilled jobs out there . 
  what situation ? 
  are they starving ? 
  do they not have shelters ? 
  drinking water ? 
  poland , the czech republic , estonia , latvia , lithuania etc are all catching up to spain fast and will undoubtedly pass you economically . 
  cool glock , ahmed !, 
  want to bring it to the white house ? 
  if you 're comparing this to what communism did , you 're seriously fucked in the head . 
  you 're compering genocide , mass murder and repression to limiting how many journalists can stay at the government . 
  just fucking stop . 
   it 's quite amusing how stupid people are . 
  if we 're talking about stupid people , then you 're probably pretty high up on the list . 
  all you do is throw out these buzzwords and when asked for any substance behind your arguments you just ignore . 
  i like to think that they started it , there 's no evidence either way , but estonians have been pretty much kept to themselves for millennias , so i 'd like to think we 've always been the good guys who only retaliated !, 
  https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/libertycentral/2010/sep/21/claim-asylum-uk-legal-position  the effect of the convention is that states are required to determine asylum claims made by anyone within their territory . 
  the principal exception to this is where there is a safe third country to which the person can be sent in order for substantive consideration to be given to their claim . 
  removing a person to a safe third country will not engage the removing state 's obligations under the convention unless doing so exposes the person to a real risk of refoulement . 
  he said :  also there are n't any good age tests . 
  he did n't say `` hand x-rays are not accurate '', 
  okay , from the title it seemed like it was put together by a russian . 
  if it 's done by a ethnic lithuanian it 's pretty dickish . 
  that would actually be brilliant , like a flat 10 000 $ prize on information that leads to the arrest and conviction of a people smuggler . 
  can we request some of these leaflets for estonia as well ? 
  do n't get me wrong , the majority of russians in estonia are nice hardworking people who respect estonia and would n't fall for this anyway , but there 's still definitely a big element who make it evident that a free and independent estonia is a tragedy and make no effort to integrate , maybe that 'd get them to move back to the country they so dearly love . 
  that 's the reality in every common sense way you approach it , yes , legally they 're allowed to request asylum in denmark , but legally denmark is allowed to repatriate them back to turkey as well . 
  `` guys , guys , stop the islamic extremism fear mongering , oh and btw , if we do n't establish a federation europe right now you 'll all disappear ! '', 
  mistaken according to what ? 
  there are a ton of scientific research and publications on daa being rather accurate . 
  the science is very much there , as evident from the research article i just posted and many more . 
  what else do you need ? 
  the reality is that as soon as syrians leave turkey ( except when specifically picked up from turkey and brought to europe ) , they 're no longer seeking asylum , but economic migrants . 
  and denmark would be in it 's full rights in accordance to international law to repatriate them back to turkey . 
  why do you pull stuff like this out of your ass ? 
  did you really read something this factually incorrect somewhere or you just though `` ah the hell to it , i 'll just go ahead and make some shit up , i doubt anyone will call me out on it '' ? 
  http://www.nature.com/bdj/journal/v204/n4/full/bdj.2008.21.html  results on average , estimated dental age ( da ) over-estimated chronological age ( ca ) by 0.29 years , approximately 3 1/2 months . 
  the maximum likely difference between the estimated da and ca was 1.65 years . 
  where are they seeking asylum from ? 
  germany ? 
  i did n't know denmark bordered any conflict zones . 
  mostly farming and stuff , building some strongholds , raiding denmark , sweden and norway and also each other . 
  estonia consisted of many counties back then that battled among themselves , but we were free though , which was nice . 
  only during the start of of the first crusades to estonia in ~ 1220 we finally figured out that maybe we should combine forces , but sadly it was too little too late and we got fucked for the next 700 years . 
  but that 's already after the mentioned period , sue me . 
  how is it spinning if they printed a factually incorrect statement ? 
  cognitive dissonance truly knows no bound . 
  still waiting though, 
  so there 's absolutely no substance whatsoever ? 
  color me surprised . 
  what exactly are `` they '' too stupid to learn from history ? 
  edit : and what do you define as populism ? 
  i 'm actually curious if there 's any substance behind those buzzwords you love throwing out or does it end there ? 
  technically yes , same way as a ethnic finn from finland can ask for asylum in sweden , but would you really consider that person a refugee ? 
  i 'd rather not , to not turn this into another policy debate . 
  most can probably guess what i mean and you might not agree and that 's perfectly fine , i 'm just saying how sweden is seen by the majority of estonians here . 
  [ you 've merely adopted the alcohol ... ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xyjgs ), 
  because in estonia what sweden is doing is seen as crazy . 
   why not ? 
  they 're insane . 
   do n't you estonians miss `` the good old swedish times '' or something ? 
  no , swedish occupation is just considered better than the other occupations . 
  implying we would be happy to share a country with swedes . . 
  [ well , technically . . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_europe ), 
  something potentially positive happening in uk despite brexit ? 
  better downvote !, 
  why do you need to let anyone enter your country permanently ? 
  no , it 's totally reasonable to keep up the trend , uk becoming a majority muslim country will definitely not cause any problems and uk after all is responsible to take in all the poor in the world , even if it 's at british citizens expense . 
  your point being ?
