this atleast works as a deterrant , since russia knows the price it has to pay and that price is pretty high , maybe next time , they 'll consider that losing half their economy is n't worth a piece of land . 
  oh come on , this is where you should rather say that we 're on our way into nordic , since we did pass the law , which is a really big feat for a country who was under soviet occupation less than 25 years ago , things are changing and fast . 
  2010 is almost 5 years ago , that 's 1/5th of what most eastern european countries have spent independant . 
  5 years is a very long time for them . 
  estonia has since passed a cohabitation bill , etc , i think our stats would be rather different now . 
  so , what to you propose then ? 
  let russians annex and wage war anywhere they want , with no reprecussions ? 
  atleast with russians there 's the remote chance people start smelling the bullshit and will do something against the likes of putin . 
  it 's not like russia can do anything to get the sanctions called off , right ? 
  2010 is really old though . 
  what do you consider the chances of that happening is though ? 
  i 'd immagine most of the ethnic russians in latvia would be against that . 
  we had a hard time passing that law , since estonians are rather torn on the issue , but more than half support it , when you add the russians too , it only passed by a few votes . 
  that was fucking amazing . 
  putin ? 
  if your mom gives your sister candy , but does n't give you candy , feels pretty bad right ? 
  if your mom does n't give you both candy , you do n't even notice it , since none of you is getting candy . 
   by labelling all the apples bad you will not offend people and be called a bigot ? 
  yes ? 
  `` we 're not accepting immigrants at the moment '' , nobody feels offended , since nobody is singled out . 
  it 's a simple concept . 
   i believe that there are millions of people outside the eea who could play a useful and beneficial role in european society ( my fiancee , for example ) . 
  i 'm not saying that we do n't have any problems with non-eea immigration , but a completely closed door policy is madness . 
  there are probably hundreds of millions of people or more outside the eea who could play a beneficial role in european society , but how do you separate the good apples from the bad , without offending a lot of people and being called a bigot ? 
  the sad fact is that overall immigration does more harm than good and before we find a just and fair way of choosing who gets to immigrate , so that there are n't these negative effects , i would even support a completely closed door policy , while we think things through . 
  i get your point and when we 're talking about ukraine , serbia and even russia , then those people are generally pretty alright . 
  although while life is n't 100 % about money/services , crime going up is a pretty serious matter , it does n't really hit home before you personally get mugged or one of your close ones gets raped . 
  this is a pretty big issue with immigrants , although not with those you mentioned per se . 
  are they worth crime going up and your social services going down ? 
  what will it take for the entirety of europe to stop accepting immigrants outside eea , does it all have to go completely to shit first , before people open their eyes ? 
  this index seems pretty bullshit overall , atleast estonian position in many categories is very different from all of the other indexes done on similar stuff and my personal perception . 
  27th on `` enterpreneurship & opportunity '' , which is comprised of start-up costs , enviorment for enterpreneurship , internet bandwith etc , in those 3 already we 've been constantly ranked one of the best in the world , so how do they rank us 27th , i have no idea . 
   it 's a bit small . 
  estonia does n't have a large population . 
  so i 'm not sure how it 's small . 
  i do n't get why people are being so negative , why not try a futuristic design , everything does n't have to look classical . 
  half of the countries ? 
  greece and who else !, 
  no it 's not , if they 're violating a country 's airspace , it 's the correct thing to do . 
  russia would do the same . 
   swizerland and norway are doing fine because they have special status basicly , what motivation would we have to extend this courtesy towards uk after they leave ? 
  overall this is just not true , it seems to me that a lot of british folk want to reap the benefits of eu ( and basically everything else that maybe not directly linked to eu , but basicly comes with the territory ) , but they do n't want to contribute . 
  i doubt anyone in uk would be okay with leaving eu if it meant having to get a visa to visit any other european country or living in economical isolation from the rest of the eu or atleast paying the eu tolls . 
  if they do leave or keep ignoring a lot of eu directives , then i 'd hope eu will consider trading and travel with uk like they consider travel and trading with africa , asia etc. 
  they 'd be crawling back in no time . 
  what does gay marriage have to do with gay sex ? 
  estonia was actually ahead of finland in math if you look at the raw data . 
  they have separate schools , if we want to increase the estonian they learn there , ( which is so low that most of them do n't speak estonian after graduating ) they will protest and complain , so a lot of them do n't speak estonian fluently , many do n't speak it at all , although being born here . 
  there 's not much assimilation too , because they ca n't communicate and because they mainly consume russian media , which makes them believe all western countries are evil fascists nazi scum and putin is the saviour of the world . 
  although , there are a lot of nice russians too , who assimilate well , speak estonian and are against what russia is doing in ukraine . 
  so it really depends , but there 's a big amount of the former kind . 
   no matter how you spin it , for over 40 years before the dissolution of ussr , there was a different government actually running things in estonia . 
  that government considered them local citizens and not illegal migrants . 
  yes , and that goverment was illegal , estonia gave no permission for those people to migrate here , they did so illegally , with the support of an illegal goverment . 
  no it 's definitely not their fault , that 's why i said it should have been dealt with in 1991 . 
  it 's not ethnic cleansing , it 's deportation of illegal immigrants . 
  every country does it . 
  how would this have been any different ? 
  free press has little effect , if russia sponsors propaganda and does n't hold anyone acccountable for spreading lies . 
  i think the reason they 're doing this is europe 's unwillingness to act , if someone illegally enters your airspace , you immediately shoot it down , they would n't have anything to complain about and they would n't do it again . 
   `` save '' the `` oppressed '' russians here the `` opressed '' russians do n't want `` saving '' , they have it much better economically and in pretty much every other metric you can compare countries in there , than russia . 
  you ca n't get rid of the stupid russian mentality though , with all the russian propaganda they 're consuming . 
  so they still complain and cause problems and love putin , but when you offer them a transition to russia , it 's instantly a strong `` no '' . 
  they should 've all been sent back to russia in 1991 , since the majority of them are in baltic states illegally , only the ones who did n't come during the occupation should 've been allowed to stay . 
  it would 've been more fair towards them too , since people did n't really have many jobs and posessions back then , so they would n't have had to leave much behind or they would 've been able to easily compensate . 
  that 's a lie , almost all western countries aspire to have good relations with russia , although russia has always been hostile towards most everyone , even after the cold war and before the ukraine situation . 
  it 's only russian effort that make these relations bad , everytime things are getting better , russia pulls something stupid again . 
  this is / r/europe , what the fuck are health insurance companies ? 
  i think it 's worthy of mention , that he 's an ethnic russian . 
  i personally do n't approve `` halloween '' , it 's not an estonian holiday , we have `` mardip\u00e4ev '' and `` kadrip\u00e4ev '' that are alternatives , we do n't give candy on halloween , it feels like a forced us holiday , and we have our own . 
   as i am typing these lines from tartu then you 're probably just a few km away from where i 'm typing . 
   so , it seems that , perhaps unconsciously , the latvians have adopted the goal of having the indicators of economic development of at least the same level as estonia . 
  this is a good thing though , always look up , we have the same thing with finland . 
  there are many countries , namely us , who instead look at mexico , south-america , africa etc , and say that `` atleast we 're doing better than them , so it 's okay '' . 
  which is a very poor thing to do , since you do n't aspire to get better . 
   estonia is again ranked above latvia , bummer . 
  why is it a bummer ? 
  if you scored better than us , i 'd be happy that our good neighbour is doing well . 
  17th , i 'm kinda surprised we 're not higher , still pretty good all things considering . 
  except the best democracy !, 
  experts , pls . 
  this is full on bullshit , they take the income gap by adding together all male income and all female income and then comparing those , instead of actually comparing wages on same jobs for opposite genders . 
  they also consider sex ratio of birth as a measurment , fucking sexist evolution , making more pregnancies male than female . 
  also , years with a female head of state , in the last 50 years . 
  this is one position , it 's pretty retarded to judge the inequality of a country based on only the ~ 12,5 heads of state gender . 
  not to mention that they apparently do n't give a shit that your country was occupied for the bigger part of the last 50 years and you had no say on who 's the head of state . 
  they might as well add that men are generally stronger than women on their list and call it inequality . 
  in my school they gave you an option to start learning the other one in 10th grade , almost no one took that option , though . 
  is it really mandatory elsewhere ? 
   but do you think it is lack of quality medical care , poor nutrition , smoking , alcohol , pollution , etc. ? 
  i can only really speak about estonia , since i 'm not that familiar with the rest of former soviet block . 
  i think the problem is that we 're still experiencing the effects of soviet union and the poverty right after it . 
  there were n't really many healthcodes in place during the soviet union and for a small period after . 
  so people consumed food , used materials , drank water , etc that would 've been banned in the western world . 
  also since people lived in poverty , poor nutrition was a big problem aswell . 
  this still affects those people decades later . 
  the people who have lived their entire lives with good nutrition and health codes will start dying of old age in ~ 60 years . 
  subpar medical care left it 's mark too , since poor treatment/no treatment might not kill you now , but it might shave off a decade of your life expectancy . 
  medical care is really really good in estonia now , i do n't think it 's any worse than in uk , us or anywhere else . 
  we have really well trained doctors , surgeons etc.
