   do finland , denmark and norway have significant feminist movements and significant immigration ? 
  both change things around quite a bit - feminist movements make some women likelier to report rape , and immigration makes some women unlikelier to report rape ( people tend to think of the stereotypical immigrant as a male ; but women from conservative countries are also likelier to not say anything about rape ) . 
  that 's two factors that do influence it quite a bit ( albeit in opposite directions ) and make it go `` off '' enough that it ca n't be compared . 
  this is exactly why it is good to compare , since if there are discrepancies , it will help you locate problems . 
  for example , you see that sweden has a lot more reported rapes than norway , now you look at what the countries are doing differently , propose some hypotheses based on that and then do studies if any of those are true . 
  maybe norway needs more feminism , maybe sweden has a lot of false reports etc. 
  that 's the entire point . 
   further , if we 're talking about comparisons to norway , denmark and finland , then sweden 's expectations that other countries change their measurement system are no longer irrational - because they 're just expecting three countries to do so . 
  these are just 3 examples , you could add a lot more to it and even expecting 3 countries to do so is unreasonable and they 're only hurting themselves . 
  finland , norway and denmark could n't care less if they ca n't compare their statistics to sweden , since they have each other and the rest of the world to compare to . 
  the only loser in this move is sweden itself . 
   because there genuinely are a million factors responsible . 
  how likely women are to report rape is possibly the most important . 
  what people ( not the law - people ) consider rape is yet another . 
  conviction rates are another . 
  principles behind whether somebody is convicted or not is another . 
  these are likely to differ quite a lot , even amongst european countries , let alone the rest of the world . 
  nobody is saying they should compare their statistics to uganda , but if we 're comparing sweden 's statistics to norway , finland , denmark you get a pretty good picture , since all those factors are rather similar in all . 
  the new testament is rather ambiguous about the whole homosexuality thing and i was asking him that question because i was interested in his stance on the matter , since he 's a muslim . 
   there 's no reason they should n't update their definitions just so they could compare stuff with the rest of europe is n't that the entire point ? 
  comparing your statistics to other countries gives you a lot of insight on what problems you might have , what works/what does n't work etc. 
  numbers by themselves are meaningless if you have no reference point . 
  how would you know if it 's a lot or not ? 
  knowing that 30 americans out of a 100 have pollen allergy does n't really tell you anything . 
  is it a lot ? 
  is that a similar number countries would have where they eat healthier ? 
  you need your statistics to be comparable to other countries for them to make sense . 
   particularly when comparing rape is largely useless , anyway , because of millions of factors . 
  how so ? 
  they 'd be in the same ballpark at least , but yeah we ca n't know for sure . 
  what does the strict accuracy give you ? 
  it would only change the proportions , the ratios between different countries would stay pretty much the same . 
  would this be a reasonable expectation ? 
  this is what bothers me , why publish this statistic at all if you ca n't compare it to other countries in a meaningful way ? 
  `` we had 10 000 rapes this year '' `` is that a lot ? '', 
  `` i dunno , lol , there 's no way to compare it to other countries '' i mean , i 'd get the logic why they would count rapes this way , but why ca n't they keep the regular way of counting the rapes as well ? 
  for comparison purposes . 
  it seems like they want to hide the `` real '' numbers . 
  like sweden did when they stopped adding ethnicity to crime statistics . 
  i 'm not saying this is the case , but it seems kinda fishy . 
  moldova has 6 times lower gdp per capita ppp than lithuania . 
  well we used to , but i have n't heard that stereotype for over a decade now . 
  i think it does n't work like that , poverty causes obesity in rich countries because there 's a lot of cheap fast food available and even poor people have enough money to buy fast food , but in poor countries , like estonia ~ 10 years ago , there was almost no fast food available and it was a lot more expensive than * to just boil some potatoes or eggs , people could n't afford to eat a lot of fast food . 
  which i suspect is what 's going on in moldova etc , right now . 
  aww , there used to be a stereotype in estonia that finnish people are fat , but that was like 10-15 years ago , i guess back then we were still malnourished from the soviet occupation . 
  now it 's us who are more obese . 
  konstantin p\u00e4ts , i 'd fight the soviet union instead of appeasement that led us to lose our independence for 50 years . 
  we had one of the biggest losses in percentage of total population in europe anyway , so might as well fight , worked out for finland . 
  i 'd also start preparing like a decade before , mine the shit out of our eastern border , dig trenches , stockpile artillery and do everything else that could help us repel an attack . 
  it does , it 's meant to show how bad it can get in some schools if they 're all privately run . 
  in the clip , pepsi is sponsoring addition and subtraction lessons and since they 're more interested in advertisement , than actual math , they go as far as giving half credit if you just say the product 's name . 
  yeah , i was wondering , where is the line between bravery and stupidity ? 
  why would you risk your life like that ? 
  everything is most likely insured and none of it is his anyway , even if it were his there 's literally no reason to risk your life for it . 
  i would 've just given him everything he wanted and walked away , my life is n't worth that . 
  the same thing happened in estonia when we voted about the cohabitation bill , for fuck sake , why do these people care so much that gay people get a bit more rights on the other side of the world . 
  so you 're absolutely not against gay-marriage etc ? 
  i 'm just curious , how does that work ? 
  is n't the quran pretty clear about that ? 
  what 's the public opinion in romania about unification ? 
  can anyone cite some polls ? 
  yeah , i wonder how we were so successful in cleaning all this shit up . 
  finland does n't really have a national anthem , officially anyway . 
  are you an asocial alcoholic ? 
  there 's literally no cases where a person just minding his own business gets randomly stabbed by an alcoholic , they 're always stabbing each other behind closed doors . 
  nobody is really nervous though , it 's really blown out of proportion in the west . 
  the difference is that estonia already 100 % supports uk and the nato , there 's literally no reason to do any propaganda here . 
  well it 's a bit ambiguous , it can either mean that estonia will become a new nordic country or estonia will be `` the new nordic '' , and i 'm pretty sure that 's how it was meant to come off as , a bit ambiguous . 
   they once promised to get estonia to top 5 richest countries in europe in ten years or something like that . 
  i 'm really tired of seeing this bullshit repeated everywhere . 
  nobody saw the economic crisis coming , so why are you blaming them that they did n't ? 
  if pre-economic crisis growth had stayed on a similar level for 15 * years ( not 10 ) , then it would 've been entirely possible to catch up . 
  from 2006 to 2009 , estonian gdp grew by 70 % , in 3 years we almost doubled our gdp . 
  public schools are definitely the best , there are some good private schools but i think majority of private schools are for people who ca n't get into a public high school , meaning you have to be seriously dumb . 
  at least that was the case during my high school years , then there were ~ 94 000 people in my age group , now there 's ~ 67 000 in the high school going age group so it 's probably much easier to get into public schools , since they have n't really lost as many spots as there are less students . 
  `` pepsi '', 
  aw yiss , it 's been 14 years since the last win , maybe we can do it again !, 
  arvo p\u00e4rt , [ this is my favorite piece he 's done ] ( https://youtu.be/tj6mzvh3xcc ) . 
  but if you 're asking about composers you 're probably already familiar with him . 
  honestly i started thinking about if anything in estonia past or present would qualify but could n't think of anything . 
  there 's really not much crime going on here and the little crime we do have usually happens in regions where there are a lot of russians and it does n't bother estonians much . 
  we still have a lot of homicide , but i just checked stat.ee and it has fallen two times from 2011 -  2014 and most of the homicides are middle aged and elderly alcoholics stabbing each other at apartment `` parties '' , which does n't really matter for the general population . 
  `` that shit '' ? 
  everything positive you do can be called a `` pr move '' , what makes this any different ? 
  the fact remains that nobody asked them to do this , but they wanted to do something nice for estonia and it 's a cool gesture . 
   `` we received such a warm welcome here in ida-virumaa and j\u00f5hvi infantry battalion that we wanted to give something back to the community . 
  i hope our help is useful and it definitely gives a positive feeling to our entire company '' - major awad . 
  look at the date . 
  price is reasonable i guess , not expensive , but not as cheap as in places like czech republic . 
  quality is really good , at least i think so , but i 'm no expert . 
  how on earth has it happened then that countries with small populations are the most successful ones ? 
  except usa . 
  your definition of `` value '' is just so weird . 
  so the bigger the population , the better the country and the more value is being created ? 
   so if you are a security guard , you 're creating $ 15/h of value ? 
  what about the swedish person who just lost his job , since he was paid $ 20/h and the migrant was willing to do it for $ 15/h , did we lose 5 euros worth of value an hour ? 
  i edited my post , but you started replying before , can you address this as well ? 
   so the value of what you 're creating is $ 15/h , right ? 
  so if you are a security guard , you 're creating $ 15/h of value ? 
  what about the swedish person who just lost his job , since he was paid $ 20/h and the migrant was willing to do it for $ 15/h , did we lose 5 euros worth of value an hour ?
