  the reality is that a lot of ee countries would be as rich as we now if soviet occupation did n't happen . 
  most of the wealth we has accumulated has been during the last 100 years and ee could 've easily matched that being free and democratic . 
  i think they 're from tartu , since i 've seen them around town when i was younger . 
  estonia 1938 , richer than austria , italy , ireland , spain , portugal are those not we ? 
  ssh , facts do n't matter , dae farage sucks ?? 
  [ yeah , no ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z8l5nwy.jpg ) many ee countries were richer than many we countries just 80 years ago . 
  where do you even come up with bullshit like this ? 
  less than half *, 
  legal sex workers have very strict regulations on std tests , it 's more likely to get an std from a one night stand than a legal sex worker . 
   still though . 
  still what `` though '' ? 
  absolutely , praying in school is interfering with other 's lives though . 
  you can do whatever you want at home . 
  never said that , they 're free to voice their opinion and try to change things , but in a democratic country you still go by the tune of the majority . 
  that 's not democracy though , democracy is following the wishes of the majority , not the minority . 
  [ i really liked our 500 note before we got euro ] ( http://www.banknotes.com/ee83.jpg ), 
   hm , interesting point . 
  the thing is that some jobs were already replaced by machines and this problem still is n't existent . 
  yes , some . 
  but we 're quickly approaching the point where majority of unskilled work can and will be automated , we ca n't expect all people to be capable of doing high skilled jobs . 
   the moment when machines start doing pretty much everything for humanity certainly is n't within our lifespan . 
  this is up to debate , but most serious ai researchers believe it will happen in the next 20-40 years . 
  it got shut down , because according to eu rules , it 's illegal to subsidize the operation of your national airline with taxpayer money , although it 's perfectly fine to start one with taxpayer money . 
  so they shut that one down and just started another . 
  estonia former victim of russification more like : ( . 
  what the fuck happened in estonia , i do n't know almost anyone who is unemployed , but the stat seems to have fallen over 1 % since the last time it was posted . 
   estonia : illegal but often unenforced what ? 
  according to whom ? 
  this is like the second time i 've seen something like this posted on reddit , i 'm pretty sure this is not true . 
  ingress, 
  how does that make less sense ? 
  we are wife carrying , bruh !, 
  we won it 10 years in a row and we invented the current most popular carrying style called `` estonian-style ''  ( the wife hangs upside-down with her legs around the husband 's shoulders , holding onto his waist ) . 
  everybody knows estonia can not into sports . 
  ( besides wife carrying ! ), 
  no-no , the estonian band [ cartoon ] ( https://youtu.be/k4dybug242c ) does electronic music !, 
  winny puhh is probably one of the most famous ones . 
  i recently got a job in one of the top it companies in estonia , and i have no degree , i 'm still studying . 
  they 've hired 9 people this year already , looking for 1 more . 
  there is a lot of room for decent developers here , degree or no degree . 
  you 're all very welcome here !, 
  what articles ? 
  also , i 'd love to see this for bbc only , since they 're supposed to be impartial ... 
  and i said it 's barely venomous , since it ca n't practically kill anyone . 
  it 's like coffee being poisonous since you 'll die if you drink 100 cups . 
  okay sure , this snake is worse , but there have been only 14 known fatalities from bites in britain since 1876 . 
  i would n't say this is a `` dangerous animal '' . 
  that snake is barely venomous , unless you 're very frail , it does n't endanger your life even without anti-venom . 
  sorry , we do n't do natural disasters or venomous animals in estonia !, 
  and also the eventual collapse . 
  literacy rates of a few european countries and south america *, 
  they can deploy the missiles in their ass for all i care , no matter where they deploy them can they win a fight against nato , it 's all just show . 
  https://app.cyfe.com/dashboards/195223/5587fe4e52036102283711615553 here are a lot of interesting statistics about the e-residency program . 
  i 've never understood this , in the city in estonia i live here , all of those `` new foods '' are just made by locals . 
  and i do n't buy that your skin has to be a certain tone of brown to be able to make a decent kebab . 
  well that 's not very nice , and simply untrue , but alright . 
  i do n't live in finland , i 've only been a few times , so i do n't really know , they might be exaggerating a bit , but i do n't see any reason as to why they would make this up . 
  great news , as an anecdote , i 've heard of two estonian girls who work/study in finland , one in turku and another in raisio , who have said that it has become a lot less safe there . 
  they no longer feel safe going out alone or in small groups of only women without a male chaperon , since they 've already gotten harassed by foreign looking men and fear worse . 
  i 'm estonian . 
  also there 's a reason finland is so safe ... 
  this is stupid logic and it 's dangerous . 
  the safest option in the long run will be not crossing the street with a red light . 
  you might get away with it x times , but one time you do n't notice there 's a car coming and you 're dead . 
  it 's also terrible example to be setting to everyone else , especially kids . 
  they see grown ups not adhering to the red light , then they think nor should they . 
  do you use your blinker when no cars are behind you ? 
  what happens if it happens you do n't notice there 's a car behind you ? 
  where does it end ? 
  the laws are there for a reason , not for you to decide when it 's appropriate to follow them and when it 's not . 
  it 's bad practice and in the long run , it leads to mistakes that can have dire consequences , because you 're too `` bad ass '' to wait for a green light when there are no cars , or use your blinker when there 's nobody behind you . 
  it does n't hurt me to wait an extra 30 seconds for the light to turn green , and i respect the law and want to set an example to everybody else to do the same . 
  people who do n't follow traffic regulations constantly get themselves and other people killed , and it all starts somewhere . 
  i do , and i do n't cross the street with a red light . 
  that 's what all the people who have gotten killed while crossing with a red light also thought . 
  so if there 's a snowstorm , how would the person be absolutely sure no cars are coming ? 
  i would never knock somebody for following the rules , it 's not like `` do n't cross with red , except when there are no cars '' . 
  only 8.1 % of finnish exports go to russia , it 's not what i 'd call `` strongly dependent '' . 
  not very flattering . 
   two policewomen and eight soldiers alleged to have engaged in group sex while colleagues hunted for paris terror attack suspects oh lawd , i know it 's the currentyear , but this seems like very indecent behavior . 
  they really do n't . 
  it 's often in the hands of the immigration workers , if they believe you or not . 
  i should 've added that the report compares 18 countries : switzerland denmark germany u.s. sweden netherlands finland norway ireland austria france belgium spain italy portugal greece estonia u.k, 
  nyc is on here , it 's 100 , other cities are compared to it . 
  taken from [ this ] ( https://research-content.glassdoor.com/app/uploads/sites/2/2016/04/wages_standardofliving_final.pdf ) report . 
  seems like ms forgot to bribe some people this time around . 
  yeah , everybody knows the number of `` child refugees '' is bullshit , age testing has shown multiple times that a lot of them lie about their age , [ in some cases more than half claiming to be under 18 were not ] ( http://speisa.com/modules/articles/index.php/item.1691/denmark-three-out-of-four-refugee-children-were-adults.html ) , because it makes the asylum process easier . 
  so i do n't buy that :  of the million asylum seekers who arrived last year , more than 25 percent are under age 18 . 
  if we have the same standard of living , would n't it be fair to say we 're as wealthy as the italians ? 
  compared to germany and ireland italy is not `` very wealthy '' . 
  i believe estonia will eventually catch up , it still decades away though . 
  also italy is n't very wealthy , they 're 35k gdp ppp per capita , to estonia 's 30k . 
  we 'll probably catch up to italy in the next 10 years . 
  nope : [ drawing on six transparent indicators the ranking represents the first objective measurement of public integrity . 
  in contrast other indices are based on perception , such as transparency international 's corruption perception index . 
  ] ( https://www.hertie-school.org/mediaandevents/press/news/news-details/article/first-objective-ranking-of-public-integrity-developed-by-hertie-school-professor/news/detail/ ), 
  except us did n't push towards expansion , but those countries asked to get in . 
  at least romania is heading in the right direction , besides the economy improving they 've made great strides fighting corruption , building infrastructure , becoming more democratic and increasing freedom of press . 
  romania is n't a country i 'm worried about , i expect them to do well in the future . 
  [ germany actually scores pretty low on the new corruption index , done by anticorrp and commissioned by the eu ] ( http://imgur.com/eorcvzq ) .
