  that 's weird , since the other putinbot with the finland flag `` fuck-her-right-in-the-pussy '' or w/e frequents bitcoin subreddits a lot too . 
  having a different opinion is fine , but when all you do is try to paint ukraine in a bad light , like posting completely pointless pictures on / r/europe of an ukrainian idiot with a nazi flag , it starts going in the troll direction . 
  not to mention a finnish person supporting russia is extremely weird , when considering what the soviet union did to finland and estonia and how russia is behaving towards estonia/finland now . 
  putinbot promoting an estonian company , how sweet \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
   `` were the russians aggressors and occupiers ? '', 
  i missed this part . 
  why are local news not allowed ? 
  and is this going to be enforced on all local sources or selectively ? 
  estonians only make up 69 % of our population , just had waves of immigrants from russia a few decades ago brought here for the russification of estonia . 
  literally to destroy our language and culture and now you wonder why estonians are n't happy about accepting more immigrants . 
   `` were the russians aggressors and occupiers ? '', 
  and the only way to pass is to answer `` yes '' . 
  they are asked to degrade and insult themselves based on their ethnicity . 
  kek , did rt tell you that ? 
  how do people get to be this retarded ? 
  til news.yahoo.com is random local news . 
  i think / r/europe is really different from most of reddit , since it 's one of the only bigger subreddits that is n't dominated by americans . 
  so the opinions here are often rather different , i 'd be interested in seeing it discussed here also , especially since this sub has had some issues with censorship etc as well . 
  i do n't think any country allows you to beat up your children , it 's spanking and the like . 
   there are many people practicing professions that arent related to their eudcation . 
  that 's rather an exception that the norm . 
  i 'm not saying a person without a university degree ca n't be successful , but those people can be successful in the private sector . 
  in the public sector , i believe education should be the key . 
  iirc most of the charges were dropped and he got away with a slap on the wrist . 
  he did n't have a permit to sell mushrooms at that market . 
  he thought this is unfair , since it 's difficult to obtain that license for an outsider and the people at the market sell their produce at a very inflated price , while buying it for dirt cheap from guys like him . 
   apparently the mushroom guy was martial arts educator for the estonian police . 
  sauce ? 
  this got a lot of attention in estonia and i 've never heard this . 
  xi jinping only has a bachelors in a university on which wikipedia states the following :  from 1975 to 1979 , xi studied chemical engineering at beijing 's prestigious tsinghua university as a `` worker , peasant , pla '' student ( gongnongbing xuesheng ) . 
  in 1975 , education was more political and practical than professional , and tsinghua university `` was no longer so much a centre of learning , but functioned as a liaison office , where science and engineering majors spent 80 % of their time on learning practical subjects and working in factories , 15 % of their time studying marxism -- leninism -- mao zedong thought and 5 % of their time doing farm work and `` learning from the people 's liberation army '' . 
  he 's not really a highly educated man . 
  much of that education these people boast are a sham , many of them have relatives in high positions who got them into and through university , while they could n't have done it on their own and even then they only have bachelors . 
  my view of a technocracy is completely different to how those countries function ( ed ) . 
  something like this :  some uses of the word technocracy refer to a form of meritocracy , a system where the most qualified are in charge . 
  other applications have been described as not being an oligarchic human group of controllers , but rather administration by discipline-specific science , ostensibly without the influence of special interest groups . 
  i 'm not saying it would work , but i think it could and if it did , it would be the best thing since sliced bread . 
  it 's just my opinion . 
  so you do n't make it political , you have clear separation of powers and checks to get the most qualified people . 
  i mean i 'm not a political scientist , but i think you could hammer out a plan , that would take these things into account . 
   i would have assumed as an estonian you could see these flaws as the idea of rule by technocrats is n't far off the supposed aims and ideals of the soviet government . 
  i do n't really see any similarities between the goals of soviet union and a technocracy . 
  if anything it was worse than democracy on that part , leaders promoted their siblings into high positions , nobody really cared about their education or qualifications . 
  stalin did n't even finish high school . 
  what political scientists ? 
  stalin did n't even finish high school , that 's exactly the opposite of what a technocratic leader would be . 
  yes , you clearly do . 
   sweden 's prime minister . 
  dropout who spent 1 and a half years studying social work at ume\u00e5 university . 
   swedish minister of culture and democracy bachelors in political science . 
   swedish minister for enterprise bachelors in public administration . 
  these are few of the bunch i checked who even have any public information on their education and i checked government.se and english/swedish wikipedia . 
  technocracy would imply you get the most educated people , not career politicians . 
  you 'd have people who have at least completed doctorate among many other things , this is clearly not the case . 
   and please post this oecd crime report , it would be an interesting read . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/crime/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf you 'd have to note , that while estonian numbers have gone down by a lot since 2012 , sweden 's have n't . 
   i do n't think figures from 2011 and 2012 count as old . 
  2011 and 2012 is extremely old considering estonia has been independent for 24 years , that 's 1/6 of the time we 've been independent . 
   and no , many of the criminals are ethnic estonian . 
  i know you lot do n't like this and always try to put the blame on your russian minority , but the fact is that ethnic estonians are rather criminal too . 
  they 're really not and you would n't even know , since sweden does n't report ethnicity on crime statistics . 
  so you 're just pulling stuff out of your ass . 
  only thing we can compare is the assaults/robberies/thefts between estonia and sweden and it 's pretty clear which is the less criminal country . 
  even with the problematic russian minority . 
   but `` balts '' are anyone from the baltic region http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balts no `` balts '' has a very clear meaning and it 's latvians and lithuanians . 
  almost everything you say is wrong , it 's very tedious to talk to a person who only pulls stuff out of his ass . 
  i did not . 
  oecd crime report or a simple google shows that sweden is higher in criminality in all fields , the murder rate you 're quoting is old , it has decreased a lot by now and it 's for totally different reasons , it 's a-social alcoholics stabbing each other at apartment parties , not really a threat to the general public . 
  sweden 's murder rate is lower still , but by a much smaller margin , and i doubt it will stay that way for long . 
  money is one of the only things sweden still has going for itself , but estonia is making gains on sweden every year , it 's only a matter of time . 
  estonians are n't balts , we 're finnic , from the same group of people as finns , balts have totally different roots . 
  and you 'd be hard pressed to find any estonians stealing cars anywhere , you might find some russians who come from estonia , but that 's hardly our fault , because we never invited them here . 
  qualifications , i do n't know mane . 
  it has n't been done , just because it has n't been done does n't mean it would suck though . 
  i 'd like to see a country run by technocratic principles , i think it would be great . 
  there are a lot of what if 's and how 's but ca n't really say before we see it in action . 
  you turned hostile very fast and for pretty much no reason . 
  i understand you did n't find common ground with you coworkers , but that does n't mean all estonians are like that . 
  of course we 're more introverted than the average country and we like it that way , but what happened to you seems rather extreme . 
  i 've heard from a bunch of foreigners that they had a good time and made a lot of friends . 
  you ca n't draw conclusions so harsh off of a single work environment . 
  norway 's monies , but seriously i do n't know , maybe romanian internet speeds . 
  technocracy would be better . 
  yay vice and their clickbait titles . 
  honestly , the way you come off as , it does n't really surprise me that people did n't want to hang out with you ... 
  me too \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
  it 's the one with higher pisa scores , less robberies , assaults , thefts etc. 
   i had colleagues turning their heads on the street just so they do n't have to greet me . 
  maybe they just did n't know you that well , i would n't say hello to a person i 've never talked to or do n't know the name , just because i see him at work or w/e . 
   estonians do n't dislike others , they just do n't care . 
  because of that personal space thingy . 
  i think we do care , i understand how it may come off as we do n't , but i think we do . 
  i see people doing nice things to others every day , from simple things like helping a baby carriage on the bus or holding the door to stuff like `` teeme \u00c4ra '' where tens of thousands of estonians help clean up estonia for free . 
   estonians are nice people , but there 's so much social rules and political correctness to wade through to get along with them . 
  some of my estonian friends were literally conflicted about asking to hang out , because they did n't want go offend me . 
  crap like , `` what if you have more important things to do that day , and you would have to choose and you have to say no to one , which would put you in difficulty , so i prefer not causing you unwanted trouble , so i do n't even ask '' . 
  may i ask where you are from and what field did you work in ? 
  i think socializing with colleagues is pretty common , also people understand foreigners do n't have much to do and try to include them , but it might differ from field to field or maybe you just came off as kinda threatening or w/e . 
  i believe you will eventually come around . 
  i have n't lost hope for you yet .
