/ facepalm the people who would receive the food are n't exactly giving the supermarkets money anyway . 
  again , if it 's more profitable for you to be more inefficient , it is the system that is wrong . 
  feeding the hungry via efficiency is a substantive policy improvement . 
  if i was throwing them in the trash , yes of course . 
  i donate my used clothes . 
  so you 're more interested in your ideological purity instead of reducing waste and helping those out who are less fortunate . 
  society is complex , and thus requires laws much more nuanced than `` the state can never tell a business what to do with waste , ever ! '', 
  property rights do not trump moral dilemmas . 
  you 're not free to create nuclear weapons . 
  so for the record , you prefer fresh food being thrown away instead of it feeding people ? 
  this might be a foreign concept to you , but capitalism does n't always allocate resources efficiently . 
  except that happens all of the time when it benefits society . 
  one is n't allowed to pollute their own property , build structures that are n't to code , use the land for a use that is n't permitted , etc. 
  you act as if there are n't negative consequences from throwing away food . 
  if inefficiency is rewarded with capital , it is the system that is wrong . 
  if you ever find yourself near the state of ohio for some reason , be sure to visit cedar point : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cedar_point, 
  it was horrible that the us shot that plane down . 
  it 's not really relevant to this situation . 
  what ? 
  raising the minimum wage would all of a sudden make the business unprofitable ? 
  we do if belgium has oil !, 
  you 're in trouble now !, 
  still bitter , huh ? 
  good for france for putting humanity and equality above harmful religious beliefs . 
   tyranny of the majority when is it majority rule , and when is it `` tyranny of the majority '' ? 
  the truth is , almost everything social is determined by the majority . 
  and the amount of men who are constantly drunk off of vodka ? 
   but because them meddling in eastern europe makes the chance of conflict breaking out much higher . 
  exactly . 
  putting up an anti-missile shield was n't going to ease tensions between putin and the us . 
  i thought it was a good sign of maturity , but putin is seemingly unstable so who knows what will happen . 
  they pay back their embodied energy in a year : http://library.witpress.com/pages/paperinfo.asp?paperid=17822 how long do nuclear power plants take to pay back their environmental footprint ? 
  how did reddit get to this point ? 
  it does n't take that much surface area at all : http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--wupfa-zm--/18mm1fwo6xlc1jpg.jpg, 
  they also seem to live in a fantasy world where nuclear waste is n't a thing . 
  get your thorium plants working , then we 'll talk . 
  you 're confused as to what `` many '' means : 1 . a large number of . 
  2 . the majority of people . 
   your shortfalls no , just trying to give a more accurate representation of our country . 
  your head 's in the clouds if you think that `` many '' understand anything more than a 2 liter of soda . 
   many of us understand metric quite well . 
  oh come on . 
  i bet no more than 2 % of us could state our weight in metric . 
  conservatives would bitch that obama was n't doing enough if he did n't . 
  the us needs to get back some goodwill with europe after the nsa fiasco . 
  oh noes , 0.00625 % of our gdp !, 
  they probably complain about the bbc being left-leaning the same way some in the us complain that npr is left-leaning -- it 's reporting news , not what you want to hear . 
   these people are n't poor due to a supposed upper class cutting off all means they have to earn money . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we do n't have single-payer healthcare because the elite who profit off of our system do n't want single-payer healthcare . 
  actual income for the middle and lower classes have been declining over the past few decades , while the income and wealth for the wealthy has skyrocketed . 
  this is by design . 
  tell that to the families of the 50,000 people who die every year from lack of healthcare . 
  gdp per capita is an average , so it 's not a meaningful figure . 
  our income inequality is ridiculous , supported by the poor fools who are being exploited . 
  no shit . 
  are you on a mission to redefine colloquial use of the term `` renewable energy '' ? 
  you 're that annoying kid in class who tries to correct the professor for no reason . 
  stop . 
  i believe you have forgotten about the sun , tidal forces , and geothermal . 
   yeah , it gets really annoying how redditors ( especially americans i find ) think france specifically tries to target muslims only out of pure unaltered state islamophobia . 
  unfortunately there are a lot of americans that have n't figured out that religious freedom can be a bad thing . 
  there are also a lot of naive people who might think , `` what 's the problem if they choose to wear them ? '', 
  as if there were no sexist cultural forces involved . 
  ... and yet they 're relatively poorer . 
  saying `` wealth is zero sum '' might be the lowest-level thinking possible when it comes to economics . 
  the things wealth can buy are zero sum : power , influence , time , land , etc. 
  market prices also inflate to capture the higher end of the market , putting things out of reach . 
   if eveyone is getting richer then everyone is getting richer . 
  no , your relative worth , power , and influence is diminished . 
  producers can charge more for higher-end goods , which put them out of reach . 
  housing rates in london go up because the wealthy have more money to compete for it , putting it further out of reach for others . 
  his point is basically , `` well , i guess there are no point in laws because someone could always break them . '', 
  it 's absurd . 
   it 's a lot more like the debate about mother 's getting their daughters ears pierced before they 're old enough to choose or something . 
  not even remotely close in the slightest . 
  it would be similar if circumcision was only putting a small hole in the foreskin that could potentially close . 
   non-issues getting political attention generally make me think there 's something else going on . 
  like maybe people do n't like jews much . 
  discrimination loves to invent issues where there are none . 
  modifying someone 's body without their consent is a huge fucking deal . 
  why are the pro-circumcision people always like , `` who cares you guys , just let people do what they want '' without seeing the glaring irony in their statement ? 
  canada , that 's not how bar graphs work : http://i.imgur.com/dhj2g7w.png, 
  `` x is not as bad as y '' is a pointless argument . 
  both x and y are bad . 
  thanks for making us look bad . 
  are you religious or something ? 
  you ca n't simply label something a `` circlejerk '' to dismiss it . 
  permanently modifying someone 's body without their consent should not be legal . 
  how am i arguing against immigration ? 
  the planet would be better off if we were back at 4 billion people . 
  no , it 's a bigger deal in first world countries because we consume the most amount of energy . 
  dat american education . 
   do you not like having your assumptions about the cultural superiority of the west challenged ? 
  challenged by what ? 
  an ancient superstition called the eastern orthodox church ? 
  roots take time . 
  scotland was once a young land as well . 
  we 're doing pretty ok for our third century . 
  `` an ukranian , a german , and an israeli walk into a bar ... '',
