it 's a tupolev tu-95 . 
  a provocation really , because this model was used in the cold war . 
  my favorite, 
  nope on [ \u0106evapi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%86evapi ), 
  people are protesting in banja luka aswell and these protests hold no ethnic or religious tension . 
  it 's purely from citizen to government . 
  ba\u0161\u010dar\u0161ija is the name for the old bazaar in sarajevo , there is no neighbourhood in belgrade with the same name i believe . 
  you might be confusing it with this neighbourhood : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skadarlija or with ` stari grad ' which means old town . 
  the difference is that ba\u0161\u010dar\u0161ija is of turkish/ottoman origin whereas the neighbourhoods in belgrade would be of bohemian origin . 
  you 'll see for yourself when you 're there . 
  i 'm glad you 're going to mostar and yes i 've been to those other places and they 're great i just did n't know whether you would be too busy with school to be able to visit them . 
  depending on your interests i 'd say for myself as a young adult those places are worth visiting once but nothing too special compared to sarajevo and mostar . 
  although most bosnians know the cyrillic alphabet , it is barely used . 
  we just use the latin alphabet and writing is also done in the latin alphabet . 
  so no need for any cyrillic . 
  well the biggest sport is football ( soccer ) and a team already just won the championship . 
  the national team has no matches scheduled untill september . 
  sarajevo film festival start in mid august so i guess thats a little late for you aswell . 
  the biggest festival is ba\u0161\u010dar\u0161ija nights . 
  it 's between the 1st and 31st of july . 
  it 's basically a lot of cultural performances that are being played in the neighbourhood you 're staying in . 
  so all sorts of music , theatre , film , opera etc. 
  i guess you 'll see quite some of that . 
  if you really want to check out a football match , go see a zeljeznicar ( current champions ) match or a sarajevo match . 
  they 're both teams stationed in sarajevo and there 's quite a big rivalry between the two , you just missed out on the biggest game of the year between the two though but seeing a regular match can be fun too although it is the end of the season atm . 
  tickets are super cheap , like a few dollars is enough . 
  here 's a link with a few historical sites in sarajevo : http://www.visitsarajevo.biz/sightseeing/attractions/historical-sarajevo . 
  if you 're interested in war related things you should definitely check out the war tunnel . 
  the site shows other things you could visit aswell or just really ask some locals when you 're there and they 'll show you the best spots . 
  do 's : - ask them to show you some of their favorite places in the city - ask them how their everyday life is - ask them what team they support , they will either say zeljeznicar or sarajevo . 
  sarajevo fans will be a bit butthurt because they just lost to zeljeznicar again in the race to the championship title . 
  zeljeznicar fans will be very happy that you know about their club and will instantly become your best friend . 
  ( a bit exxagerated but football is an important part of a sarajevans life ) do n't : - tell them about how much of a better life you have/can get in the states or brag about some things they miss out on - discuss religion , i do n't know whether you 're religious or not but even though bosnians are not very practicing when it comes to religion , they are very protective of their identity and do n't like it when you insult their beliefs . 
  most of the times it just ends in one person getting irritated , if you 're comfortable it wont be that much of a hassle then just go for it but try to listen to them about their beliefs first then bring up your own . 
  war is a difficult one . 
  it depends on the person . 
  there 's one important thing you have to keep in mind : do n't tell them their wrong or that what they 're saying is a lie/exaggerated . 
  most people will be biased about what happened and about the enemy . 
  a bosniak ( bosnian muslim ) will give you a different story then a orthodox bosnian . 
  i 'd say you can bring up the war and talk about it , just do n't try to take sides . 
  do n't bring it up when there are multiple people as they may have different opinions , just talk to someone about it when it 's just you and him and he will gladly talk to you about it . 
  some however have lost family/friends in the war and might not want to talk about it , just leave it and do n't bring it up anymore with them around . 
  the turkish quarters ( known as bascarsija in bosnian ) is the most famous neighbourhood in sarajevo and the most beautiful . 
  it stems from the ottoman era and is therefore really old , a bit narrow , stone roads , few mosques etc. 
  just google image bascarsija and you 'll see what it looks like . 
  it 's quite central and everything is really close such as bars/clubs , stores everywhere , restaurants , hotels , musea etc. 
  it will be very busy though . 
  bascarsija and the nearby city central streets will be really safe at any time as they are busy , a touristattraction and more expensive compared to other neighbourhoods . 
  i would n't go walk around at 3am by myself though as there are a few ( just like in any city ) criminals wandering around . 
  you 'll also see quite some gypsie beggars , do n't give them any money and just pass them or if they come to you simply give them a wave to bug off . 
  they mainly target tourists because they are easier and tend to have more money , same thing applies to criminals . 
  just avoid walking around alone at night even though i doubt you `` ll ever feel unsafe . 
  the city is very `` alive '' , contrary to most other places people in sarajevo spend a lot of time outside/in the city instead of home behind the tv/computer especially in the summer . 
  you 'll see many cafe terraces , restaurants and patisseries ( place where you can eat delicasies such as cakes/ice cream ) . 
  it 's quite cheap and bosnians tend to spend a lot of time outside having a drink or eating somewhere . 
  seriously , they 're everywhere . 
  the neighbourhood you 're staying in actually has the best ones , a bit more expensive but so so delicious . 
  i suggest you try them all . 
  i always gain so many pounds after visiting but it 's so damn worth it . 
  i 'm actually born in sarajevo but have lived my whole life in the netherlands ( amsterdam ) . 
  all my friends are dutch and ocassionaiy i bring some of them with me to sarajevo and they always love it . 
  we even tend to go a bit more rural and check out the nature and other smaller cities . 
  i have a dutch aunt who fell in love with the city and actually moved there !, 
  one of my friends father also went there for a year for work . 
  i 've never even heard anyone saying they feel unsafe to be honest . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm not saying it 's holy , every place has it 's bad sides and so does sarajevo . 
  i 'll tell you about those aswell . 
  there is quite some criminality among mostly young people ( mostly gypsys ) . 
  especially carthievery but other thievery aswell . 
  you 'll get taken advantage of as a foreigner . 
  locals try to take as much money as they can from tourists by raising their price for their goods/services once they see you 're one . 
  same thing applies to beggars . 
  here 's my advice for your stay and some things you might want to do : - do n't be alone . 
  i read you 're going to study there so it 'll be easy for you to befriend someone or some people and i suggest spending your time with others as it will make your experience much better and make you feel much more comfortable . 
  they can even show you the city . 
  does n't have to be a bosnian , there are enough international students . 
  - try the food and the delicasies . 
  seriously i 've never met someone who does n't love them . 
  - if you have time and can make the trip , go visit mostar . 
  it 's a small but beautiful city not too far from sarajevo . 
  many many tourists go there aside from sarajevo . 
  really worth it if the trip is n't a big hassle . 
  - learn a few basic bosnian phrases it will help you during your stay and the locals will love it . 
  almost everyone under 30 speaks english though so do n't worry about communication issues . 
  - uss the trams/trolleybusses to go around the city , its cheaper than a taxi and a taxi might rip you off . 
  if it 's hot however , i would avoid public transport as it can get really packed . 
  - tap water is drinkable - the currency is the `` convertible mark '' or km or `` marka '' . 
  1 usd = 1.5 km - a coffee is about 1.5 km a hot meal about 6-10km ( pizza-steak ) ciggaretes are 4km taxifares about 10km i 've never had to deal with any critics as i 've yet to meet someone with a negative attitude towards sarajevo after having been there . 
  ca n't really think of anything else at the moment . 
  ask away if you have any more questions, 
  please do n't listen to tabathock he is a complete moron and blatantly lying/exaggerating about sarajevo . 
  i go there every year at least once sometimes twice . 
  it is the most interesting city in the balkan if you 're into the history of what happened and what is going on . 
  this is fucking 2013 , the war ended in 1995 . 
  it is visited by many many tourists every year , especially in the summer they 're everywhere . 
  i compare the city to jerusalem and sometimes call it the european jerusalem . 
  this is because the city ( and country ) have three main religions tied to it like jerusalem has . 
  jerusalem as you know has had jewish , christian and muslim influences/history . 
  sarajevo has muslim , orthodox and christian influences/history . 
  it 's the complex society , the left overs from the bosnian war , the cuisine and history that make this city beautiful .
