  the debt-gdp ratio of the countries undergoing austerity is rising generally , not decreasing . 
  if it 's so good for them why are we being continually told by the us to increase our military spending because the us is `` pivoting to asia '' ? 
  the eu does n't take a strong stance around israel . 
  we literally give them preferential trade status , help the us underwrite their defence and attempt to destroy/contain all their enemies ( iran , assad , hezbollah ) mostly just for their security . 
  but apparently because we give palestine aid that makes the european countries anti-israel , because in the minds of americans and israelis you 're only pro-israel if you support them randomly importing tens of thousands of their people into armed colonies in the middle of hostile palestinian territory for bullshit ideological reasons . 
   mfw west european countries give israel huge economic and military assistance for decades , centre their entire middle eastern foreign policy on israel 's security and yet are `` pro-arab '' because they wo n't be even more passive towards israels colonisation of the west bank than they already are . 
  israel seems to think we are their slave who should unquestioningly support everything it does no matter how ridiculous . 
  that 's not what net contribution means . 
  still do n't really understand what his point was though . 
  tht 's not true though . 
  jordan and syria ( the home of the overwhelming majority of palestinian refugees ) have let a very large number become citizens . 
  the reason lebanon has n't is because lebanon exists in a very precarious religious balance between the christians , shiites and sunnis and giving the palestinians citizenship would massively disturb the balance of power . 
   it 's not fair that we are artificially made a minority in our own country . 
  is that really what would happen though ? 
  when i google it i find sources that say cyprus is 18 % turkish which is the exact same as the situation in 1960 . 
  wikipedia also says that out of the people with north cyprus citizenship 147,000 out of 178,000 were born in cyprus . 
  120,000 to two parents born in cyprus . 
  it also says there are a further 80,000 non-citizens living in cyprus but since trnc does n't give them citizenship i do n't see why a reunified cyprus would . 
  the uk is n't really what 's holding the eu back on fiscal union . 
  i 'm sure the eurozone could proceed without us and we would n't be able to do anything about it . 
  imho european leaders are just weak and too afraid to take the radical steps needed to resolve the eurozone 's problems as any change would be controversial . 
  however doing nothing is the most dangerous position of them all and the eurozone as it 's currently structured is just a time bomb ticking down to the next crisis . 
  it 's not hypocrisy because people talk about those all the time . 
  there is no `` recognise the namibian genocide '' movement because the german government and academia accepted it was a genocide long ago and thus there is no need for one . 
  meanwhile the turkish government attempts to silence everyone who calls the armenian genocide what it is and promotes a revised version of history even in other countries . 
  so you were downvoted because you missed the point completely . 
  there is no effort to punish turkey for being terrible and racist in history as everyone knows that europeans have no right to do that . 
  we do not need to make turkey get down on it 's knees and grovel and construct a 300m monument to the dead armenians . 
  there is only a conflict about certain people trying to rewrite the past . 
  i think there is actually a legitimate point to be made here about the politicisation of the word genocide . 
  the idea currently practiced that only certain genocides and ethnic cleansings deserve to be classified as such is pretty obscene and outrageous . 
  it reveals a flaw in the whole concept . 
  still though the problem here is that no other country goes around deliberately trying to rewrite history in order to play down embarrassing past atrocities as intensely as turkey does . 
  if turkey did n't put so much effort into trying to cover up the genocide to begin with there would n't even be a `` recognise the armenian genocide ! '', 
  movement because there would be no need for one . 
  all the devolved governments have recognised it i believe . 
  it 's just because they do n't have to do foreign relations with turkey so there are no negative consequences for them . 
  it 's the same in the us where the vast majority of states have recognised the armenian genocide but the federal government has not because they would be upsetting a major ally for moral points and no practical gain . 
  the turkish solution is pretty much the only solution we have right now . 
  currently we ca n't completely shut down illegal immigration like australia did because by 2015 european leaders had sat on their hands long enough that the crisis had reached completely unmanageable proportions . 
  it 's not logistically possible to detain over a million people who nobody is willing to take back . 
  hopefully after a year or two of dealing with turkey plus taking other action the crisis will shrink to a level we can manage on our own and we can think about modelling ourselves off of australia . 
  in the mean time anything that reduces the levels of migration is good . 
  the idea that free trade is bad for ee and they need to be compensated is a myth . 
  the czech republic has a [ trade surplus of 15 billion euros ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/intra-eu_trade_in_goods_-_recent_trends ) with the rest of the eu and that 's not even taking into account fdi . 
  that 's the third highest per capita of any country in the eu after ireland and the netherlands : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:intra-eu_exports_intra-eu_imports,_2002-2013_ ( % 25 ) . png it 's actually the uk and france buying up everyone elses shit not the other way around . 
  you 're right that it 's not an altruistic project but what it is is a long term investment . 
  at the current moment the czech republic is benefiting economically from the eu a lot more than the the eu is benefiting from having the czech republic as a member . 
  to be honest it makes me kind of butthurt how western europe pour hundreds of billions into eastern european countries and let their low-skilled labourers pour upon us in the millions and they still complain or even show active disdain towards other europeans ( especially germany ) . 
  i just know that czechia and poland would never spend a penny on anyone else or accept large-scale immigration from other eu countries . 
  the second they have finished using us to develop economically and are asked to contribute they will be out the door and take all the hundreds of billions of euros of infrastructure investment we funded with them . 
  hard to `` forget '' about muslims when there 's already 20 million in the eu . 
  i 'd like migration from the third world generally to be reduced by 90 % or so but we need to accept that muslims are already here in numbers and a solution needs to be found to integrate the muslim community . 
  `` let 's criminalise islam ! '', 
  does n't really help us solve that problem at all . 
  honestly within the nus there is nothing uncommon or particularity muslim specific about her views . 
  the nus supposed to represent students interests but in reality no students pay any attention to them and it 's just a front for left-wing extremists . 
  it 's the largest and most prolific extreme-left organisations in the uk i imagine . 
  some interesting positions the nus has taken recently : * the nus should not condemn isis but denounce those who do as islamophobic * people at nus gatherings use jazz hands instead of clapping so as not to trigger people * university lgbt societies stop using gay male delegations as they do n't represent oppression . 
  and that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  they 're completely deranged . 
  ukip is incredibly moderate compared to fn . 
  additionally , in the uk the name `` national front '' synonymous with violent neo-nazi extremism since we once had a fascist party and white supremacist party by that name . 
  according to this survey they blame cuts a lot more . 
  why do you think this ? 
  clinton is a hawk but she understands the value of international relations and global trade . 
  trump is a populist demagogue whose `` fuck everyone '' attitude , mercantilist worldview and desire to destroy the global economy with protectionist dogma will make him a catastrophic president . 
  [ besides trump is at least as hawkish . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.com/blogs/2016-gop-primary-live-updates-and-results/2016/03/trump-iraq-syria-220608 ) also having someone who thinks global warming is a `` chinese hoax '' as president of the world 's largest economy is n't really good for the global environment . 
  what does clinton even stand for ? 
  i ca n't seem to get a clear picture at all . 
  her campaign seems to be just fluff , empty words and opportunistic grandstanding . 
  i 'm amenable towards clinton because she seems to be the `` more of the same '' candidate ( which is good when `` change '' means trump/cruz ) but god is she uninspiring . 
  trump called for troops in syria , want to reduce the us defence presence in europe , does not believe that global warming exists and , perhaps worst of all for us , is a hardcore protectionist whose plans to impose tariffs on basically everyone would destroy global economic prospects and start large scale trade wars . 
  trump being elected as president would be terrible . 
  you have fallen for the statistical trap of talking about the muslim population in terms of percentiles . 
  sweden does n't collect census information on religious background so let me talk about the uk to make my point . 
  between the 2001 and 2011 uk censuses the muslim population increased from 2.7 % to 4.4 % . 
  do you know what that meant in real numbers ? 
  1.2 million more muslims and 3.2 million more non-muslims . 
  the uk could maintain those rates forever and never be majority muslim since at least 90 % of muslim population growth is dependent on immigration and thus the number of muslims already in the uk has minor effect on future immigration rates . 
  sure muslims have a birth rate three times higher but that 's dependent on immigration as well . 
  high birth rates occur because of young muslims coming to the west and immediately having large families , however those birth rates are not sustained by people living longer in the uk . 
  second generation muslims have only 0.1-0 .2 more children than non-muslims in the uk . 
  when you look at it in absolute numbers you will find that the fertility rate of white swedes is only 1.9 which means that the population is remaining * fairly * static and muslims need to produce at least 8 million more of themselves before they can outnumber swedes . 
  there is no way that this will happen in a realistic time frame . 
  sweden took abnormally high numbers of refugees recently due to the crisis but so far 2016 is looking more like 2014 where sweden accepted 30,000 muslim asylum applicants not 200,000 . 
  sweden , like the uk , also receives large numbers of eu immigrants that dilute the problem of muslim immigration . 
  i think there is cause for concern because even 10 % of the population being unintegrated muslims is too much for me , but i do n't buy into the `` europe is doomed '' rhetoric . 
  sweden does n't even have that many muslims relative to the rest of europe . 
  it has about the same proportion of muslims as the uk and germany ( about 5 % ) and less than france . 
  sweden is still just 5 % muslim after three decades of mass immigration . 
  the `` old swedes '' are n't going to `` die off '' and become a minority at any point in the foreseeable future and to claim otherwise is just hysterical . 
  my complaint is n't that the term was made up by the far right . 
  my complaint is the entire view that there are `` cultural marxists '' everywhere driving the debate on immigration is a delusion of the far right , which pretends that extremist views are far more widespread than they actually are because it 's convenient for them to pretend like all their opponents are lunatics who `` want to punish white people '' . 
  so much so that i constantly see shit like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sngbslp.jpg ) shared among the far right . 
  the implication that anyone who is n't far-right would have a problem with that picture is utterly ludicrousl . 
  it 's actually the exact same tactic the far left uses to brand the entire right as racists who support white supremacism or whatever . 
  anyone who actually thinks the reason we have immigration is because `` the left '' ( like cameron and merkel i suppose ) want to `` punish white people '' is just delusional and stupid . 
  this is just the usual tactic of retards to pick out an outrageous saying by a left wing extremist ( being reported on specifically because it 's so outrageous ) and then pretend like it 's a view held by any meaningful number of people .
