  the plan was for everyone to pay the same tuition fees , but their scottish version of the policy ended up being euthanised by the liberals and snp after the english vote had already taken place . 
  what i 'm saying is all scottish parties had a consistent position on tuition fees on both sides of the border . 
  this is the only time you will see me defend scottish labour . 
   they have a different hunting policy in scotland , but they voted against a move to the same policy in england and wales . 
  i do n't think the snp had the right to vote on this regardless , but according to the scottish government they are in the process of changing the policy to be more strict and that 's why they voted against it . 
  i do n't really have any details or opinion on that mostly because i do n't care about fox hunting , but make of it what you will . 
  the experience of norway and switzerland suggests that if we want full access to the single market then we will still have to do all those things ( except we would n't be part of the customs union anymore ) . 
  otherwise we will obviously be at a disadvantaged position relating to trade with the eu . 
  i think euscpetics should just admit that and argue about other possible benefits . 
  no fta will put us on even footing with eu members as the rest of the eu has no reason to let us cherry pick all the benefits of the single market while not accepting any of the drawbacks . 
   fifty five million pounds a day would be saved . 
  those are our `` membership fees '' which ignore the fact that we also get money back from the eu . 
  it 's actually less than half of that . 
  i would argue we get much more than 25 million a day from trading with the eu . 
  we do have an almost 3.1 trillion dollar economy after all . 
  whenever people talk about how they want economic union but not political union i do n't understand what they mean at all . 
  the economic union ( by which i mean the single market , free movement of labour and customs union ) is like 80 % of what the eu does if you 're not a eurozone member . 
  the next 19 % is agriculture but somehow i do n't think it 's the minimum price of potatoes that 's getting everyone so upset . 
  what exactly do you want the eu to back out of ? 
  while this is true , barely any legislation is `` scotland only '' because the uk has this completely fucked constitutional set-up where scotland is n't allowed to raise any of it 's own finances and has it 's budget determined based on english spending levels . 
  so any english law that involves money affects how much money the scottish government can spend . 
  it 's a parody of edgy internet atheism, 
  why would it be more desirable to have a common market where rules are made by diplomats in smoky backrooms instead of in an open parliament ? 
  this is why i support the eu despite generally being a decentraliser and direct democrat . 
  in our increasingly globalised world we increasingly need to make international decisions , and i do n't want those decisions to be made by germany/france/uk dictating to everyone behind closed doors . 
  boq is right . 
  the european council is awful . 
  we ; ll have real democracy in the eu once we remove national governments from the process of running the eu and we can have a parliament that has real power and mandate to make international decisions democratically . 
  indonesia [ featured ] ( https://i.imgur.com/j3spzb5.jpg ) the other day . 
  i thought that was pretty surprising as well . 
  russia yes but trump will ruin china , india , mexico and probably the whole global economy with his 35 % tariffs . 
  i predict your opinion will be unpopular but it 's clearly accurate . 
  otherwise the grand national assembly would n't be able to deny erdogan the presidential republic he desperately wants , and he would n't have needed to fanny about in coalition negotiations with mhp either . 
  banning parties is actually nothing new in turkey anyway . 
  erdogans own party was banned once , right ? 
  as was the last kurdish party . 
  not really . 
  trump can win nevada , arizona , iowa , florida , ohio and north carolina and still lose . 
  the electoral college is stacked in favour of clinton this time around . 
  the uk allowed sinn fein to exist all the way through the conflict in northern ireland even though it 's connections to the ira were much more direct than those of hdp/pkk , and furthermore many of it 's leaders even today are implicated in orchestrating political violence . 
  however i think it 's a good thing we did since the good friday agreement would likely not have happened otherwise . 
  ultimately i think there 's a lot turkey can learn from the conflict in ni . 
  what the uk learned is that you can not win a war with urban insurgents and that the solution has to be political rather than military , even if that is hard to stomach for many people . 
   e possible a form of direct democracy if the people control the government through constant voting over the web . 
  fucking hell what an utterly moronic idea . 
  imagine if reddit governed a country . 
  that 's basically what you 'd be getting here . 
  we 'd be running a normal sized deficit with oil but without it we 're currently running a greece-sized one . 
  i think the reason this statement is particularly batshit is because it 's not about saving the baby . 
  he says the woman should be forced to give birth to a child just so it can be baptised before it dies , presumably to ensure it 's soul goes to heaven or something . 
  absolute lunacy . 
  is n't he still the chairman of the pis party even though he 's not the pm ? 
  it does n't seem to make sense that the pkk would bomb the commemoration of an attack which mostly killed kurds and leftists . 
  tbh i think he was being sarcastic . 
  it 's worse than that because by leaving the eu customs union the uk is leaving all of the trade deals it has with everyone . 
  vote leave seriously managed to convince millions of people that unilaterally aborting trade agreements with 70 countries was an `` internationalist , free trading '' move . 
  even though the eu imposes the third lowest tariffs in the world excluding microstates and we already had deals covering 80 % of our exports . 
  kill me please . 
  denying abortion when it threatens the life of the fetus mother is undeniably religious fanaticism . 
  it literally means they value their religious belief that human life begins at conception more than the life of a woman . 
  is n't it already completely and utterly dead . 
  no migrants have been relocated at all . 
  if that 's your definition of sovereign i 'd argue not one country in the world is truly sovereign . 
  that 's because the mexico-eu fta is n't comparable to the single market . 
  people seem to be under the false impression that free trade is all about tariffs . 
  and then once you abolish tariffs suddenly you have `` free trade '' . 
  but it 's nothing like that . 
  tariffs are easy to get rid of and were mostly abolished ages ago ( the eu in particular imposes some of the lowest tariffs in the world ) . 
  free trade negotiation is about removing regulatory barriers that impede trade . 
  every country wants to protect it 's people , it 's environment and it 's economic health by regulating what can be sold and who can sell in it 's jurisdiction . 
  and what inevitably happens is that these regulations impede trade because a producer license or a product manufactured to meet the standards of one country might not meet the standards of another . 
  therefore they agree to a single standard . 
  this is why ftas take years and years to negotiate , because it 's very complicated to sift through the entirety of two countries commercial laws and negotiate compromises on even a fraction of them . 
  but the point is free trade deals are not all equal . 
  depending on how much regulation is streamlined they can be meaningless or very comprehensive . 
  what we have ( soon to be had , once we leave the eu ) with mexico is fairly standard really . 
  mexico agrees to uphold a certain amount of eu standards and therefore we agree to let some companies and products licensed in mexico sell/be sold in the eu . 
  this is * nothing * like the single market . 
  the single market is the deepest and most comprehensive free trade area ever attempted and the closest thing to creating `` true '' free trade . 
  there is nothing else like it . 
  the single market removes virtually all regulatory barriers by establishing a single regulatory regime for all it 's member states . 
  as part of the single market anything produced in the eu automatically meets the standards of every other eu country . 
  any license a company or individual has is automatically upheld throughout the union ( including your drivers license ) . 
  any tests , patents , intellectual property rights , etc etc will be upheld and it 's all guaranteed by the european courts who are mandated with upholding fairness . 
  obviously this is far superior to what mexico has by a million miles . 
  the single labour market is a part of this . 
  it 's not even an eu `` demand '' really it 's just that calling the eu a single market would be a complete joke if it did n't include something as important to economic activity as labour . 
  especially since the single market includes freedom of establishment ( meaning businesses can set themselves up anywhere ) so people need to be able to follow the jobs . 
  once you understand how trade works you can also see why leave arguments about sovereignty and getting a good deal are utter nonsense . 
  they do n't understand what free trade is . 
  they do n't understand that any trade deal involves an unavoidable loss of sovereignty . 
  they do n't understand how ridiculous it is to say `` germany will keep trading with us because we buy their exports '' when germany refusing to trade with us is n't the problem . 
  we 're the ones who withdrew from the legal framework of the single market . 
  soon british licenses , products , patents etc will be invalid in the eu not because germany is bullying us but because we 're the one who changed our standards to be different from theirs . 
  you can also see why leave 's claims that we will `` inherit '' all our trade deals do n't make sense . 
  once we change our regulatory regime to be different from the eu then none of them will make sense anymore and they will collapse , thus we lose all trade deals we currently have . 
  we voted to leave the eu and yet it feels like most people do n't even know what the eu is . 
  what you describe is already the law in poland . 
  the new law bans abortion pretty much always even in case of rape , fetal defects and ( worst of all ) the mothers health being in danger . 
  honestly i feel like pis is becoming as bad as akp .
