  for as long as i remember . 
  i do n't really see how israel can be considered the victim when it 's building colonies all over the west bank . 
  it 's a completely unjustifiable colonial experiment . 
  i do n't think we should sympathise with israel until they cut that shit out . 
  it 's also going to doom israel in the end since they 're permanently tying themselves to an arab population that will soon exceed the jewish population . 
  i swear that israel and palestine are the two most masochistic nations of earth . 
  this argument is pathetic . 
  people who spew this shit remind of islamist sympathisers . 
  `` it 's the hollande 's fault paris happened . 
  if they had n't bombed syria , the isis would n't have had to kill 130 people !!!! '', 
  ok / r/europe is actually becoming cringey to read now . 
   the south collapse due to the $ currency and liberal politics as ttip . 
  why would liberal politics cause southern europe to collapse ? 
  yeah but the point is they stopped coming when it became clear that entering australia was impossible . 
  the number we 'd have to `` stash '' before we got to that point would still be huge though . 
  possibly more than 100,000 . 
  not sure if doable . 
  well the uk , france and netherlands have plenty of far away islands . 
  i 'm not sure why we even have them if we do n't use them for things like this . 
  [ here is a better map that goes down to 30 % . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_london#/media/file:white_greater_london_2011_census.png ) 30 % is still an unhelpfully high threshold imo but at least you can see that nearly every district of london is at least 30 % white . 
  segregation is when you have a district that is  80 % black next to a district that is  80 % white and one that 's  80 % asian . 
  like [ this ] ( https://danielhertz.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/nyseg.gif ) . 
  this does n't really happen in london except in the overwhelmingly white suburbs . 
  there are no `` ghettoes '' solely inhabited by people one race . 
  almost all districts are ethnically mixed as you can see from the map . 
  tbh cameron saying `` no you ca n't have a referendum i wo n't let you '' would just make everything worse . 
  we should n't copy spain . 
  their position on catalonia seems to have just been disastrous . 
  who the heck lobbies the judiciary though ? 
  nobody because that makes no sense . 
  yes . 
  one of the biggest impediments to full employment in europe are our labour laws . 
  in uncertain economic times no firm wants to employ workers they may not be able to get rid of . 
  but no politician will touch those with a barge pole . 
  if the far-right comes to power the eu will no longer exist . 
  you ca n't genetically distinguish 100 % of moroccans from 100 % of syrians . 
  that 's pseudo-scientific nonsense . 
  not really . 
  every government that comes to power in poland puts it 's own people in charge of the national media . 
  pis did it before , so did po etc. 
  but the new media reforms go further than what is normal in polish politics ( obviously , since otherwise they would n't need to introduce a new law ) . 
  they allow the treasury to hire and fire any executives whenever they like ( which obviously means whenever they criticise pis and their ideology ) . 
  the thing is pis is not even shy about loudly proclaiming that they are creating their own right-wing propoganda agency so anyone doubting this is the case is being deliberately ignorant . 
  their own words state that the purpose of the reform is to `` cure poland of liberal indoctrination '' ( lol ) and `` instill christian ethos and values '' . 
  i do n't understand what kind of retarded trogdolytes would possibly support this . 
  it 's not good for anyone except pis . 
  `` rule of law '' has nothing to do with crime in this context . 
  it 's to do with the pis unilaterally changing the rules of the constitutional court and politicising the national media and civil service . 
  i find it interesting how such a ridiculously huge increase in refugees has had a relatively small impact on public opinion . 
  46 % of people thought there were too many asylum seekers when germany was accepting tens of thousands . 
  now that number has increased more than twenty-fold it only increased to 56 % . 
  it just shows how polarised views are on immigration . 
  how the fuck can you think this incident got more news coverage and political attention than the new years eve attacks in cologne . 
  what world do you live in , is tumblr your news source ? 
  the cologne attacks have worldwide headlines and near constant coverage . 
  the `` leftist '' bbc for example has published a frontpage article pretty much every day for a week now . 
  whereas nobody gives a fuck about this incident . 
  i 'm actually truly baffled about how you arrived at such an idiotic conclusion . 
  you do realise that poland is n't creating a national media , it 's always had one right ? 
  you do know that has nothing to do with the controversy about the polish media right now right ? 
  so you do know your comment is basically irrelevant and completely uninformed right ? 
  what happened to / r/europe . 
  when did it become so overrun by fucking retards that it 's now a controversial opinion to think that actually the state should n't operate a propaganda machine and unilaterally change the rules of the constitutional court to stop it doing it 's job . 
  how can people be so thick as to doubt this is when pis itself * openly * declares it 's intent is to create a media service that will push it 's own values and ideology through propaganda . 
  and how can east europeans be so stupid to complain about the endemic corruption in their countries politics and then proceed to support state abuse of power that makes corruption possible ,, 
  in the context of northern ireland republicans = people who want to secede from the uk and join the republic of ireland . 
  `` dissident republicans '' are those who refused to lay down arms/cease operations when the main republican political and military groups ( sinn fein and the ira ) made peace . 
  do n't think that just because iranian americans are westernised means that iran is a westernised country . 
  most of those people were the previous elites the rest of iranian society revolted against in 1979 . 
  the rest of iran hates them . 
  iran hates us and has good reasons for hating us . 
  we also have good reasons for being hostile towards them . 
  frankly anti-americanism and anti-westernism is basically the second religion of iran . 
  `` muh resistance '' against the west and it 's `` war against islam '' is the foundation of all iranian state propaganda . 
  this is the country who proclaimed to us to be satan then let rioters mob the american embassy and hold all the americans it found hostage for a year . 
  afterwards they made the embassy a museum on `` american imperialism and espionage '' and proceeded to spend the next 10 years directing suicide bombers against american , french and british targets in lebanon and kuwait among other places while we armed saddam hussein who engaged iran in the most devastating and bloody war of it 's modern history . 
  i know redditors like to be contrarian but the way reddit gets off on this explicitly hostile islamist fanaticism is weird af . 
  everything is wrong with iran . 
  cameron is n't very inspiring but - as a former pr man - he 's very good at getting his rehearsed soundbites across and drowning his point in ambiguous politico-speak . 
  every word is well-polished . 
  farage is probably the best speech giver of the party leaders . 
  sturgeon is also a very good orator in her own direct , punchy kind of way . 
  the nazis had units from dozens of countries including the us , uk , france , spain etc. 
  they had over 20,000 volunteers from the netherlands alone . 
  it does n't mean hitler was particuliarly popular in any of these countries . 
  i do n't really see what evidence suggests hitter is popular in the middle east and especially in africa and asia . 
  this whole thread is baseless conjecture and speculation . 
  because the eu is not responsible for the refugee crisis germany is . 
  the european parliament and commission has basically zero say over border policy . 
  actually you were the one writing hyperbolic statements which is why i wrote my comment in the first place . 
  dae letting in 800,000 refugees = the downfall of european civilisation ? 
  everyone knows that once 10 % of your country is n't white then your country is no longer your country . 
  why is it always france ? 
  creating employment is basically the only thing the tories have done well . 
  and i 'd like to point out that unemployment was never that high to begin with . 
  it 's fallen 3 points . 
  they 've failed in everything else . 
  most spectacularly of all they 've completely in their # 1 goal when they came into power . 
  their vigorous socially destructive cuts have done nothing to reduce the deficit .
