  besides most american corporations suffer from higher oil prices . 
  i 'm fairly sure the administration is just being dependably stupid . 
  the campaign against the iran deal is the perfect example of the idiotic irrationalism that plagues the republican party and american politics in general . 
  i 'm not saying anyone who opposes the deal must be stupid necessarily , but it 's fairly obvious that not even 1 % of the republican voters actually understands what the deal entails and yet they all feel perfectly entitled to scream hysterically anyway . 
  i 'm sure the ignorance extends all the way to their moron president . 
  hmm yes that 's the problem . 
  not that venezuelans are literally starting because their currency is less than 1 % of it 's official value and they ca n't import food or medicine anymore . 
  the obvious implication in livingstone 's original statement was that hitler was actually a zionist and that zionists are therefore in league with nazis , which is just quite stupid really . 
  it 's also because the employment rate in the north is much higher . 
  the reason taxes in greece are so absurd is because half the people are either unemployed , underemployed or avoiding taxes , so the entire burden of the state + debt lands on very few people . 
  some people would argue they are because if the state is taking peoples money then business and consumers ca n't spend it as the market sees fit . 
  but freedom is probably less important than fair competition . 
  de facto yes officially no . 
  taiwan claims to be china except under it 's legit government ( it officially calls itself the republic of china ) and is committed to eventual reunification . 
  when taiwanese talk about declaring independence they mean renouncing their commitment to reunification , basically . 
  less developed countries can always grow their economies faster because the technology they need already exists . 
  china can just buy machinery from the west , go to a village of subsistence-level rice farmers , build a factory/roads , have the villagers work there and voila it has increased the productivity of those villagers by like 1000 % . 
  the eu already has all the roads and all the tech and a highly trained labour force so to increase productivity further it has to invent entirely new ways of doing things which is obviously more difficult . 
  this is why people are always talking about whether china can innovate btw . 
  it 's ability to do so will determine whether it catches up to the west or finds itself caught in the middle income trap . 
  i mean it 's always been like that since the bible is full of absolutely nonsensical ( and often contradictory ) commands that christians prefer to ignore . 
  i think you have to be insane to think a self-proclaimed nazi supporter is ever a good option . 
   and a lot more often it has n't . 
  on the contrary i think politicising the judiciary is the canary in the coal-mine for creeping autocracy . 
  it does n't even have to be a deliberate attempt to create a dictatorship . 
  but when the courts are under states control there is simply nobody to stop the government doing whatever it wants so a decline in rule of law is simply inevitable . 
  i would point out as well that governments take power more easily than they give it back , and so this reform could stay for a long time . 
  what will the polish government of 2050 look like ? 
   every time we get a new president , either the right or the left howls about dictatorship and we 've still never had dictatorship . 
  the hysteria of some americans is completely irrelevant ? 
  the us has never even done anything like this . 
  you have had the same constitution since independence and the justice system has never been changed . 
  immigration has little to do with this imo . 
  fidesz and pis long predate the migration crisis . 
  the idea they exist as some kind of migration backlash is just perpetuated by westerners transferring their own political obsessions onto east european countries . 
  pis actual level of support is quite pathetic when you consider that only 17 % of voters actually turned out to support them when it mattered . 
  it would be most accurate to say that a majority of poles are altogether indifferent towards pis . 
  ah yes the idiots understanding or democracy . 
  the idea that if people agree with you then you ca n't be wrong morally , rationally or factually . 
  the idea that democracy is just a system of mob rule and that having +1 more seat in parliament gives you unlimited rights to shit on the rest of the population while expecting no opposition , and to throw all those silly things like `` rule of law '' out of the window . 
  such a sensible understanding of democracy . 
  it worked so well in russia and turkey and egypt . 
  you are assuming civic platform ( or whoever else ) will give up the governments newly acquired power . 
  does n't that mean people in countries with less than 100 % efficiency are getting paid more than they are producing ? 
  how does that work ? 
  it 's probably worth pointing out that pis ' share of the total electorate is only about 17 % of the electorate , since turnout in poland is so miserable . 
  because the justice system has to be removed from politics if it 's going to uphold the law in an impartial manner . 
  if the government has the ability to sack judges whenever they want then the judges can never rule against them . 
  hence the government politicans effectively make themselves above the law , and furthermore turn the justice system into a political weapon which always rules in their favour and always rules against the opposition . 
  nigeria only has a higher gdp per caita because of it 's oil production , which nigerians do n't really benefit from . 
  it has very much lower hdi than vietnam and ukraine , lower urbanisation rates and ( most important for the topic at hand ) one of the highest child mortaility . 
  i will remind people that in many countries 10-20 % of children do not live to be 18 years old and that 's why people find it necessary to have 7 children . 
  what 's more concerning is how judges can be removed by the justice minister whenever he wants . 
  ie when they make judgements that do n't go pis ' way . 
  yes because pis changed the media law and took state control of the publicly owned media derp . 
  not because of '' `` censorship '' '' . 
   the hated party got power as a result of democratic elections . 
  democracy is not `` i got 50 % of the votes +1 '' ( or in this case 17 % of the electorate ) therefore i can do whatever i want , fuck everyone else ''  attacks on poland oh my god you are so fucking pathetic . 
  imagine being so wrapped up in your victim complex that you perceive anger over party political control of public media and court system as an `` attack '' on your personally . 
  the problem in italy is n't too much capitalism . 
  or rather , it 's not the only problem , since the forces driving increased inequality are rooted in globalism and are as prevalent in germany as they are in italy . 
  like with most struggling economies italy has been ruined by manipulation of the market in favour of special interests , for the sake of populism and/or corruption . 
  for example while the much more harsh labour restrictions and taxes on larger businesses may please the italian electorate , since everyone likes small businesses , its poison to the economy . 
  what they are essentially doing is tilting the market in favour of less productive businesses so they ca n't be replaced by more productive ones . 
  a lot of people ca n't accept that economic growth is a process of new , more efficient businesses using better methods/technologies constantly replacing inefficient ones ; and that therefore in any model of economic growth there is a loser , and the losers must be allowed to lose or the economy will just stop growing . 
  the countries that are doing best in europe are the ones who accept this and deal with it efficiently . 
  germany has very sophisticated vocational training and corporate labour systems so that it can always upgrade it 's labour market and ensure people have the skills to contribute to the economy no matter how it changes . 
  tl ; dr any form of protectionism is cancer . 
  regulate and tax the economy as much as you want but for the love of god it must be an even playing field . 
  the uber rich entirely avoid the wealth tax . 
  because it 's basically impossible to administer without international tax jurisdiction . 
  wealth tax is principally a tax on small/medium sized businesses for whom it is an unbearable burden . 
  i kind of like the idea of a wealth tax but in practice it 's main effect of the wealth tax on the economy is to drive assets out of the economy , smes int the ground and capital/entrepreneurship out of france all for a measly few billion euros . 
  in fact the wealth tax on private business raises almost nothing because valuing tens of thousands of private businesses is so financially complex and confiscation is so legally difficult . 
  the administration cost alone is enormous . 
  even egypt has an association agreement . 
  mayors usually do n't have any real power but the mayor of london is special . 
  he is the executive for london 's devolved assembly so he basically has powers similar to ( but not exactly the same as ) the first minister of wales . 
  i heard someone on ukpol call him the obama of the uk which is exactly right . 
  he 's a typical politician from a typical legal background , with a temperate character and conventional centre-left views entirely in-line with new-labour ideology . 
  but somehow a certain group of people think he 's the literal antichrist and they react to everything he ever says and does with hysteria and outrage . 
  countries can have `` friends '' tbh . 
  it is possible that the public in a given country can develop a sense of loyalty towards another which they perceive as their `` friend '' . 
  for example the uk would immediately go to full scale war with any country that attacked new zealand even though it 's not a very important country to us economically . 
  i doubt financial capital counts as a `` good '' . 
  european culture is the culture of western civilisation . 
  which undoubtedly exists distinct from other civilisations like islamic or chinese ones . 
  it 's values are based on those which emerged during the enlightenment : democracy , egalitarianism , rationalism , secularism , liberalism ( as the word is classically understood ) , individualism , progressivism , rule of law , market capitalism and political pluralism . 
  some of these characteristics have been adopted by other countries because of their success but they are all conceptually western and most strongly rooted and venerated in the west . 
  i actually think the european/western values are much easier to identify . 
  it is the difference between western countries which is nebulous and difficult to precisely define . 
  for example the uk government is always talking about `` british values '' but nobody seems to be able to elucidate a set of values that are distinctly british and are n't just typical western values shared by france , germany , canada and so on . 
  it is difficult to describe what makes britain distinct without resorting to cultural clich\u00e9s ( drinking tea ! ), 
  or institutional peculiarities ( the queen ) . 
  also i 'd honestly like to know why you think greece has anything at all in common with egypt except long dead history which has literal relevance to modern culture . 
  because i think they are infinitely far apart in every social , economic and political dimension . 
  he did n't `` crash countries economies '' that 's not how currency speculation works . 
  they attribute an absurd amount of power to him . 
  it 's just ridiculous since there are plenty of oligarchs in hungary who actually * are * embedded in the establishment and actually * do * exert significant control over fidesz and the hungarian government . 
  hmm yes .
