  banks collapse in america and there is recession in ireland , there is a war in syria and the migrant crisis reaches germany , cyber criminals can steal my money from the comfort of nigeria , our security is threatened by hackers in china and terrorists in yemen , the clothes i am wearing come from four different countries , the company i work for does business in 80 countries . 
  even the fact that i am able to talk to you all now is globalisation . 
  there 's no opposing it , it 's just how the world is going . 
  instead we are faced with a choice . 
  we can deal with these new problems or we can all draw our own little lines in the ground and pretend like nothing outside it can affect us ( even though it clearly does ) . 
   although they are both taking votes away from the left , which might show that the fn is n't as far right as people like to say . 
  that 's not how politics works really . 
  all it means is that working class people think fn represents them better , not that fn is in any way left-wing . 
  sharia courts are something everyone in the uk should be against . 
  even though they have no legal power there is no place for them here . 
  i do n't think most of the stuff that sd proposes is `` racist '' or that most og their supporters are racist . 
  it 's reasonable to oppose large scale immigration . 
  ( although they also propose some other stupid bullshit that reveals some irrational chauvinist undertones . 
  eg sd 's weird and baseless opposition to saami culture and parliament ) . 
  but i share your view to a limited extent . 
  we 're supposed to believe that 100 % of the extremist elements have been cleansed from the party even though it is led by people who joined while it was still a fascist organisation . 
  i think anyone who is not at least a bit suspicious of these parties with literal fascist roots ( fn , sd etc ) is being incredibly stupid and naive . 
  i 'm personally quite worried that what they truly believe is a lot more radical than what they say to the media . 
  is n't this the first time in a while that non-eu migration has been higher than eu migration ? 
  there 's lots of other features of swiss democracy that are superior . 
  they have a unique system of government is a large part of why they are so successful . 
  for example switzerland has a cross-party federal council instead of a single head of state . 
  the large parties are forced to come together and make long term plans that they will implement together . 
  unlike in the rest of the free world where efficient governance is made impossible by the inability to know who will be in power 5 years later and where political partisanship regularly renders the government incapable of doing anything at all . 
  they 're also the worlds most decentralised country . 
  each county-sized divisions in switzerland has far more power that the government of scotland , a german state or spanish autonomous community . 
  government services are more accountable and flexible and less overcome by bureaucracy . 
  the cantons are also forced to compete among one another for business which results in greater efficiency . 
  it 's about more than minarets though . 
  swiss women could n't vote until * 1971 * because the people kept voting against it . 
  one canton did n't let them vote till 1990 which is absolutely crazy . 
  that said i think switzerland has an almost perfect political system and am very jealous of it . 
  i just want protections for minorities before we introduce a system like that here . 
  well is n't that possibly true of the west as well . 
  a lot of people seem to think that many of the weapons we gave to the fsa have ended up in the hands of isis , al-nusra and other islamist groups . 
  i 've heard lots of people say stuff like this now and it just shows what a short memory society has . 
  remember when we let all the lunatic fanatical islamists run to afghanistan with the intention that they 'd get mowed down by the soviets ? 
  remember how well that worked out for everyone ? 
  it shows what a hysterical circlejerk / r/europe has become that you are getting downvoted for saying you do n't want your president to be associated with people who support concentration camps for muslims . 
  for shame . 
  iranians are already shiites which radical sunni fanatics probably considers worse than zoroastrian . 
  it 's only `` indoctrination '' if you are teaching children that god does not exist . 
  i also went to a catholic school but this is totally different . 
  this was an independent private school not operated by the government . 
  it only had like 10 students . 
  not really . 
  it was always fairly easy to smuggle people or goods across european borders . 
  it 's just nobody cared because we did n't have the problems with terrorism and large-scale migration we have now . 
  idk man there was a wacky faith school in my town . 
  i knew one of the kids there who had a little sister that died because their parents denied her medical treatment for religious reasons . 
  also the teachers burned his artwork when they considered it satanic . 
  many non-mainstream protestant sects are insane and they should not be allowed to cut themselves off from society and raise their children as part of a cult . 
  it 's almost definitely not true . 
  i went to a proper catholic secondary school and even we did n't pray every day . 
  at my primary school ( `` secular '' which really means church of scotland ) we did it maybe once a month or so when the minister visited . 
  i highly doubt french withdrawal from schengen would increase it 's security . 
  how are you supposed to completely seal 2700km of borders ? 
  it 's just not practical tbh . 
  not without making france a literal fortress . 
  the obvious answer is to defend the external borders but our idiot politicians are just too taken up by their ideological predilections . 
  eu external borders is n't attractive to eurosceptic nationalist crowd or the open borders multiculturalist crowd . 
  at it 's inception israel was nothing but an invasive force displacing palestine 's native inhabitants in a fanatical drive to create an ethnoreligious state in a place that had n't been jewish for thousands of years . 
  i 'm not normally one for the edgy anti-zionist circlejerk but it 's a joke to use that as an example as standing up for a `` small threatened nation '' . 
  i still do n't see your point the uk is n't a member of schengen so we do n't have open borders with the eu . 
  nor are we part of the quota system . 
  the small number of `` refugees '' migrating here are doing so illegally and that wo n't change with us leaving the eu . 
  therefore leaving the eu would make no difference to the outcome of the migrant crisis so why would it affect how you vote ? 
   it would signal the beginning of the end for undocumented free movement . 
  which has resulted in the impotent response to the migration crises . 
  doubtful . 
  personally i think it 's simplistic to assume abolishing schengen will achieve anything . 
  it 's not as easy as just `` closing the borders '' . 
  these people are willing to walk hundreds of miles and cross the sea to get to europe , they will not be stopped by a wire fence and spontaneous border checks . 
  indeed , the balkan states do n't have open borders but the migrants are still able to move across them virtually unhindered . 
  instead of ineffectively attempting to guard europe 's internal borders ( which are thousands of miles long and will inconvenience european citizens ) we must guard europe 's external borders . 
  the solution to the migrant crisis lies at the narrow turkish-greek-bulgarian border and the straits of sicily . 
  for this we need greater eu cooperation not less . 
  why ? 
  schengen has nothing to do with us . 
  in scotland we have gaels . 
  they once dominated scotland but receded into the highlands by the 1700s . 
  later when they tried to take over the united kingdom we slightly genocided them , which followed by the highland clearances of the early 1800s destroyed most of their culture . 
  today they make up only 1 % of the population . 
  they are a majority on eilean siar ( ie the western isles ) but 75-80 % of gaels live elsewhere . 
  orcadians and shetlanders could maybe be considered a `` subethnic group '' as well i guess . 
  historically these islands were settled by vikings and spoke a scandinavian language ( norn ) which went extinct in 1850 . 
  they still retain some fairly novel customs and a strong regional identity . 
  yes because it has been [ such a succesful ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/modelcatala0611.png ) position . 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone wants reforms it 's just nobody agrees what those reforms should be . 
  spain was in nato while under a self-declared fascist regime . 
  well , turks who live abroad can still vote : ^ ), 
   the uk system is far worse . 
  in this context , yes , but for the toppest of keks look at turkey 's [ 2002 election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_general_election,_2002 ) in which 45 % of the votes cast were disqualified and all five of the main parties were wiped out . 
  in * that * context you see how completely insane a 10 % threshold really is . 
  the problem with russian democracy is rather that the `` opposition parties '' do n't actually oppose putin . 
  imho money is more important than military strength 90 % of the time . 
  i mean nato is n't really going to attack , so in the context of a dispute like this china 's main concern is not pissing off a major export market and source of foreign investment . 
   fire due to faulty pyrotechnics i wonder how many fucking times this is going to happen before people realise how dangerous it is to set of amateur pyrotechnics indoors . 
  so many people have died thanks to this . 
  this is really sad to me because only about five days ago i saw [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oozfq9egxeo ) of the station nightclub fire which shows how terrifying a fire in a crowded place is .
