  cutting spending would n't make romania richer that does n't make any sense . 
  chechnya is 95 % chechen  _  i think you are confused about history . 
  the chechens were expelled in the 40s but they starting returning in 1957 . 
  really it 's immigration reform they want . 
  it 's almost entirely london that benefits from royal tourism though , not scotland or anywhere else . 
   they : c i assure you that 90 % of scots do not think they are a colony or victim of `` english imperialism '' . 
   still do . 
  i think it is wrong that we allow criminals to take these peoples money , put them on a boat where they risk dying of drowning . 
  so deterring them not to take the risk is saving more than not shooting at them . 
  lol do you know how blatantly idiotic that is . 
  if they 're willing to risk drowning they 'll risk being shot as well . 
  they wo n't be deterred . 
  some people think that spain will reject scotland because they want to discourage independence movement within their own territory eg basque country and catalonia . 
  the spanish foreign ministry has stated otherwise though . 
  they have no problem with accepting scotland in the eu as long as ruk does the same . 
  spain wants to draw a distinction between unilateral and bilateral succession . 
  scotland would be seceding in a negotiated agreement with ruk whereas it seems any independent catalonia will be the result of a unilateral declaration . 
  this is the same reason they recognise south sudan but not kosovo for example . 
  why would france oppose scottish membership ? 
  democracy is not the same as tyranny by the majority . 
  functional democracies must protect the rights of the minorities or they are not democracies at all . 
  how far you think those minority rights should extend is really a matter of opinion . 
  i 'm not going proclaiming that all countries without gay marriage are dictatorships . 
  yeah the napoleonic war was n't quite like that . 
  as in previous european wars armies funded themselves by widespread looting and made use of scorched earth tactics . 
  napoleon was only defeated in the end because the russians burned their own cities , farmlands and peasants leaving the french army to wither away to attrition . 
  i 'm not really sure about that . 
  in some european countries maybe , but muslim extremists will never kill as many brits as the ira/uvf or as many americans as elliot roger types . 
  hr is croatia for `` republika hrvatska '' ( i had to look at wiki to spell that right :p ) . 
  i do n't really feel that this is the case in scotland with 16yo 's voting in the referendum . 
  it was thought at first the snp could whip the young into nationalist fervour but since then surveys have shown 16-17 year olds have weighed the options carefully and cynically . 
  i guess the economic stakes are higher for them than for people who 've been employed 20 odd years . 
   who do n't hate themselves for being white lol, 
  people are mad if they do this . 
  ukip support some truly ridiculous policies . 
  for example a flat rate tax which is the same for everyone from street-sweepers to billionaire is the shit that brought down thatcher . 
  they want # 77bn of budget cuts to pay for the abolition of inheritance tax ( why ? 
  ) , a 40 % increase in defence spending and the reduction of corporate tax . 
  they deny climate change and list laws which are just odd , eg banning '' * an inconvenient truth * '' in schools . 
  they oppose gay marriage . 
  they wish to abolish devolved governance , a policy which has single-digit support in scotland . 
  i really doubt that the majority of people in the uk want any of one of those . 
  i guess some people * really * care about immigration and the eu but the protest voting crowd are behaving really irresponsibly and dangerously imo . 
  a specific branch that would do what breivik did ? 
  even wahhabi imams condemn this kind of shit . 
  wahhabi 's are like puritans or ultra-orthodox jews , they are dedicated to living austere lives based on a strict interpretation of the quran . 
  they can be violent to the extent that if the quran said to burn all their firstborn children then they would do it . 
  however , the religious movement does not revolve around killing random jews just because jews . 
  in what way has the `` traditional '' life of europeans been `` eroded '' ? 
  seems an extremely hyperbolic thing to say . 
  you must be new here if you think this sub is pro-immigration to europe . 
   the party 's leader korwin-mikke has called to abolish women 's suffrage , arguing that most women were not interested in politics anyway , and that women would more often vote for a welfare state . 
  lol . . and what a bright future it 'll be . 
  i do n't really think so as much as people in / r/europe keep saying it . 
  at least here in the uk people do not really care or worry about putin . 
  this basically . 
  i would support the independence of anywhere if the inhabitants of the region want it , as should everyone else . 
  self-determination should be a fundamental right . 
  if it was n't for the muslims there would be no right wing populism in europe they literally ruin everything damnit muslims, 
  politicians have been promising to improve jobs and the economy since the beginning of time and to be fair i believe that is one of their priorities . 
  the thing is , the countries with the real unemployment problem ( italy and spain eg ) are where populist parties had some of the poorest showings . 
  i do n't think the economic situation adequately explains the rise of anti-establishment parties . 
  dude the daily mail is n't hated because it 's bias , it really is just fictional rubbish and everyone in the uk knows it . 
  eg my own experience : at my school there was a scandal which involved a teacher having sex with a sixth year . 
  the daily mail decided it would be so much more scandalous if it happened at a religious school and wrote about how catholic the school was , how we prayed every morning and so on . 
  they literally just make stuff up . 
  i think even many readers treat it as a source of entertainment not information . 
  i do n't really understand this argument . 
  by the same logic there is no point in me voting in general elections because who cares about my small , rural , scottish town far from london ? 
  no one country holds even 15 % of the seats in the ep . 
  therefore , the ep makes decisions that it feels are in the interests of the majority of europeans and all meps and votes count . 
  the veil is not banned in turkey , only in government and on universities ( until recently ? 
  ah , thanks, 
  if ukip had got 1 % less of the vote we would be reading articles about how scotland is so pro-eu and alienated by ukip blah blah . 
  instead they got what they got and now we are hearing about how scotland is just like the rest of the uk etc etc. 
  not much of an actual difference of opinion between these two scenarios . 
  the difference is in perception . 
  how does / r/europe manage to relate * everything * to putin ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  below it says `` ukip on course to win one seat '' but the title says `` scottish euro results finalised '' . 
  has it been finalised now or not ? 
  i thought we do n't know the results yet the western isles do n't count on sunday . 
  the bbc are indeed predicting that ukip will win the sixth seat which is sad . 
  stemming from an urge to expand markets , not prestige . 
  also about bringing eastern countries into the western sphere . 
  unifying the continent is kind of the point of the eu . 
  nah , in polandball comics poland is always depicted upside down because : a : is poland . 
  everything in poland is upside down . 
  b : to annoy polish people, 
  euroscepticism is a terrible word tbh . 
  everyone - even eurofederalists and other staunch eu supporters - should be sceptical of the eu , and all other politicians , authorities and governments . 
  the netherlands and france are not the majority of the eu though . 
  polling indicated support for a constitution has high among most eu countries including sweden , italy , poland and germany . 
  spain approved it overwhelmingly in a referendum . 
  no country would ever ask for every single region to approve of a policy . 
  but then the eu is not a country and france/netherlands are nations not regions . 
  i think the eu has to strike a balance between the rights of member states and the rights of the majority . 
  i do n't think the lisbon treaty would 've been passed if not for support throughout europe as a whole . 
  it 's not completely clear how this balance can/should be achieved . 
  we ca n't have some member states dragged along against their will and we ca n't have european process continually obstructed by a few member states .
