   sweden , where according to the latest polling the anti-immigrant sweden democrats have overtaken the social democrats as the country 's most popular party since i 've seen this repeated a million times i just want to intervene and say there 's no reason to believe this is true . 
  there was * one * poll which put sd ahead . 
  one . 
  that result was an anomaly that has not been replicated since . 
  [ an average of polls does n't even put sd as the second largest party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_general_election,_2018#/media/file:electionmonthlyaveragegraphswedennext.png ) . 
  it 's like when scotland was having it 's independence referendum , scores of polls showed no ahead but then one single poll put yes at 51 % and everyone went crazy . 
  unrelated , but why when italy has the roughly the same population/gdp as britain and france does it seem to irrelevant to european geopolitics ? 
  why is the eu dominated by the `` big three '' and not the `` big four '' ? 
  it 's not . 
  but so what ? 
  am i responsible for the poor , the sick , the old and the disabled ? 
  but i will still continue paying taxes to fund the welfare state . 
  is it really insane that people want to help millions of people who have lost everything through no fault of their own ? 
  these strawmen and sweden memes became boring long ago . 
  they 're honestly fucking pathetic and bringing down the quality of the sub . 
  jesus christ that sobhuza ( longest reigning monarch ever ) had 70 wives and 210 children . 
  surely calais has nothing to do with us being a member of the eu ? 
  we 're not part of schengen so we can more or less set whatever controls we like at the border . 
  and freedom of movement does n't apply to refugees or migrants . 
  that 's certainly what 's happened in scotland . 
  i wonder if there will be a ukip-surge like there was an snp-surge in scotland . 
  i feel like the fear of one is why the government is bringing the referendum forward ( i.e. , further away from the next election ) . 
  israel is a fortress . 
  it 's almost impossible to get into , and if a refugee could i do n't think they 'd have a particularly good time . 
  israel demonstrably does n't care about international law or anything other than it 's own security . 
  they would not tolerate thousands of muslim refugees trying to enter their country . 
  i have absolutely no doubt that abolishing schengen would be completely ineffective . 
  in fact we already know it will be ineffective because thousands of migrants are strolling unhindered accross the non-schengen balkans right now . 
  reintroducing border controls will only serve to disrupt cross-border trade and inconvenience normal citizens while the migrants walk straight around them . 
  it seems obvious to me that the problem is not with schengen but with asylum laws that were not designed with this many people in mind . 
   nobody thinks they control the media . 
  paul nuttal does since he said so in that link, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.paulnuttallmep.com/cultural-marxism/ ) is it explained by no less than the deputy leader of ukip . 
  tl ; dr multiculturalism is a plot by german communists who control the media . 
  i do n't even understand what measures they think would be effective ? 
  how would suspending schengen solve the problem ? 
  for these people who walked across africa even miles of open sea is an ineffective barrier . 
  unless every eu nation turns itself into a fortress , border checks will just inconvenience the rest of us while the migrants walk straight around them . 
  i was actually approaching this from the left . 
  it aggravates me that people start screeching about how we need to stop taking refugees when actually real refugees are a small % of the people who are trying to come here . 
  i hate how refugee , illegal immigrant and economic migrant are now being used interchangeably . 
  most of these people are not refugees . 
   glasgow a modern , forward-thinking city full of brilliant minds and beautiful architecture . 
   this is edinburgh full of heroin and sadness . 
  nothing to see here . 
  weegie detected, 
   romania  balkans man that 's their trigger . 
  prepare yourself !, 
  when one of the seniors mods is called evil_white_oppressor you know to stay away . 
  nowhere i 've concluded it 's not possible for people to debate immigration in any terms other than hysteria . 
  personally i 've given up trying . 
  this is how abnormal scottish politics is . 
  if scotland were independent it 'd be 52 % egp , 29 % pes , 4 % alde and 12 % ecr on this chart . 
  88 % left-wing . 
  italy does n't have anything on us . 
  i remember this war happened and american commentators calling russia expansionist and claiming they would invade crimea next . 
  and i was like nah , that 'll never happen . 
  i want a better source for these numbers tbh . 
  i know that there are higher crime rates among muslims but the 70 % figure seems too fantastical and the 14 % they give for the uk is n't the statistic i 'm familiar with . 
  i 'd previously believed it was 8-10 % . 
  also i do n't trust the telegraph . 
  edit : so i did some googling and the guardian and al-arabiya are agreeing with these figures ( more or less ) despite their left-wing bias . 
  so i guess they 're credible . 
  : / i still want a source that is n't a media outlet though . 
  the celtic languages always seem to be massively exaggerated on these maps . 
  scottish gaelic and breton are way overrepresented here . 
  and welsh a bit too . 
  eilean siar is the only part of scotland with a gaelic speaking majority . 
  / r/european is really far gone now . 
  it went from being a '' / r/europe without censorship '' to a racist circlejerk but now it 's just a mini-stormfront where neo-nazis and paranoid schizophrenics screech about how we need to murder all the jews . 
  meh , personally i am grateful to the mods for stopping he sub degenerating into a cesspool . 
  i was getting sick of the obsessive anti-immigration crusaders pushing their agenda in every thread , the steady stream of `` dae muslims ??? '', 
  circlejerk posts and the massive flame wars between far right totally-not-racists and green voting sjw 's . 
  otoh while i shed no tears for all immigration discussion being contained in the megathread i do think it might be a step too far . 
  a better solution might be a filter for immigration topics . 
  the immigration obsessives should keep their flame wars only to those threads though . 
  the mods should keep deleting people who continue pushing their agenda everywhere they can . 
  well yeah , he 's sarcastically criticising others for getting upset about the russians behaving in a way that offends western morality . 
  that 's not the irony , the irony is that kestyr himself must have posted * hundreds * of comments here complaining about the savagery of the middle east but today he 's decided to be a cultural relativist . 
  ironic coming from you . 
  yeah , and neither lost an election . 
  if both had remained in charge of their party until it lost an election , thatcher would have ruled 18 years and blair for 13 . 
  maybe germany just has long reigning leaders because they have less party-political coups . 
  i 'm inclined to agree tbh . 
  the uk already lacks for separation of powers and the commons has too much leave to act like an electoral dictatorship . 
  it 's even worse when combined with our fucked up election system that gives 25 % of the electorate 100 % of the power . 
  i ca n't understand why anyone is fine with the hol as it is . 
  i appreciate the principle of having an unelected technocratic house to scrutinise politicians but the lords is n't that . 
  it 's full of party-political stooges who were appointed because of their political connections and donations . 
  the procedure is completley partisan and they mostly just vote how they are told . 
  then you have hereditary peers who absurdly * inherited * their seat as an aristocratic privilege and then the church of england wielding legal power through the lords spiritual . 
  all in all it 's an archaic den of corruption . 
  it should either be abolished or reformed so that political parties have nothing to do with it and hereditary lordships/lords spiritual are a thing of the past ( where they belong ) . 
  the snp just wants a unicameral parliament i believe . 
  they consider the lords totally unnecessary and do n't want to replace it with anything . 
  why does n't turkey just let kurdistan go . 
  they do n't want to be in turkey and their region is backwards and underdeveloped . 
  what is the positive to keeping them in turkey ? 
  i think it 's just because the uk has a different idea of what the eu should be . 
  a market not a federalist political project .
