  i actually agree with the comment above . 
  the uk supports the membership of turkey and everyone else in order to expand the market . 
  it 's basically a measure of policies than can be considered xenophobia . 
  anti-immigration = up , pro-immigration = down . 
  sf and especially pc and the snp are left-wing nationalists who are pro-immigration and pro-eu . 
  unlike ukip which exists to oppose those things . 
  they should just have a filter to hide immigration threads . 
  personally i am fucking sick to death of `` dae muslim '' threads but i can see why people would be upset by this move . 
  there are still several republican plots and attempted attacks per year . 
  they are just old news , there is no media hype about the ones which are n't fatal . 
  about 2000 people were killed by republican organisations and 1000 by loyalists . 
  otoh the london bombings are the only successful islamist attack that i 'm aware of other than the murder of lee rigby . 
  corporations usually reinvest like 80 % of their money . 
  that generally means opening new branches , employing new people , buying things to upgrade their current assets etc which is all good for the economy as a whole . 
  shareholders increase their wealth mostly by increasing the value of the shares they own ( ie the corporation ) , not through dividends . 
  the ceo is also a salaried position , he does n't get to keep profits . 
  he is a manager and the shareholders are the owners . 
   immigration quota what . 
  what does that entail ? 
  was n't gay marriage part of the coalition deal with the liberal democrats though ? 
  in the uk we call it an estate or a scheme . 
  let 's not have this conversation every single time turkey/caucasus nations are mentioned and just agree that europe is an arbitrary continent which no clearly defined borders . 
  presumably they 're some kind of turanist variety . 
  the uighurs are a turkic speaking people which is why they care about them so much while others have never heard of them . 
  turanists envision turkey as the leader of the turkic race and nation or whatever . 
  we 've only built on about 2 % of our land . 
  there are many arguments against immigration but `` we do n't have enough space ! '', 
  is n't really one of them , tbh . 
  what a religious text says and how it 's followers actually act are almost never the same thing though , are they ? 
  we know this because my local church is n't stoning people every other week . 
  this explains a lot . 
  it was an architecht from barcelona that built the fairly controversial [ scottish parliament building ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/k2hzf ) . 
  albanian is an isolate within the indo-european family i believe . 
  it might be the sole survivor of the paleo-balkan languages that were spoken in ancient times , before the slavs arrived . 
  i suspect we will move to stv after this election in scotland . 
  ams seems to be broken since snp is expected to win all the constituencies and has no chance on the lists because of the greens splitting their vote . 
  thus the system is open to mass exploitation as people can vote for the snp 's allies without damaging the snp . 
  it would only take 1/5 of snp voters to vote tactically to make the greens the second largest party . 
  this could be a * huge * upset . 
  list pr is a terrible system tbh . 
  it provides no accountability to individual mps and often no regional representation . 
  stv is the best election system . 
  it 's basically av but with multiple candidates in each constituency . 
  it provides both local representation , personal accountability and proportional results . 
  and it does n't disenfranchise anyone . 
  currently if you are a tory in liverpool or a socialist in the shires you may as well not vote . 
  we use it in local government elections here because labour passed it in exchange for a coalition with the liberal democrats between 1999-2007 . 
  snp voters hoped that the snp could work with a labour minority government to extract more powers for the scottish parliament and less austerity for the uk . 
  this ended up not happening ofc because the tories won their majority . 
  it was n't tbh . 
  the conservative party wanted you to think it was , but that was never , ever on the cards . 
  the snp has zero interest in governing the uk since the whole point in their party is they are against british governance . 
  they have no desire whatsoever to sit on committees about english free schools , portsmouth naval base or housing in london . 
  so they de facto ruled out a coalition before the election campaign had even begun . 
  what the snp wanted was to extract constitutional change from labour , so that they could get more power transferred to sturgeon 's majority government in edinburgh in exchange for supporting milliband in london . 
  the conservatives whipped up a highly irrational mass hysteria though , in which wide assumptions were made about the snp without including the snp in the conservation . 
  it worked for them though . 
  how would they do so ? 
  an ex-ukip mep is going to join the group, 
  i suppose that 's true . 
  there are probably an awful lot of people who could apply for asylum and many cases where it 's not exactly clear whether refugee status applies or not . 
  however i do n't believe that most of the people trying to cross the med are legitimately persecuted and suspect that most of them are economic migrants . 
  it 's tricky . 
  i think the solution is to be tougher on those trying to legally cross the med but open more legal channels for the genuinely endangered . 
  you do n't seem to understand what asylum is . 
  tip : it 's not just given to anyone who decides that life is hard in a poor country and they want to go to europe . 
  you do n't get entitled to asylum because you are n't earning enough money . 
  sometimes countries do accept `` economic refugees '' but it 's not a basis for an asylum application . 
  serviust 's statement that there are 1 billion people entitled to asylum was silly . 
  i wish we could actually move onto an immigration debate that does n't involve everyone screaming hyperbole at each other . 
  oh do n't be so fucking paranoid . 
  i find nobody harder to respect than those who forever wallow in their imagined victimisation . 
  human rights abuses in azerbaijan are fairly well documented . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_azerbaijan they are easily one of the most authoritarian states in europe . 
  / r/scotland is n't that bad . 
  it 's got better . 
  or at least i think it has ... 
  i 'm still not sure if it got better or if i just became used to it . 
  also , let 's be fair , `` snp echo chamber '' is a pretty accurate reflection of scotland as a whole right now . 
  recently they climbed to 60 % in the polls and nobody was even surprised anymore . 
  the independent endorsed the conservatives last election but i think they 're generally seen as being pretty neutral . 
  they 're not like the daily record or telegraph which just print articles about how great their favourite party is 24/7 . 
  for the unaware the scotland act is the act of parliament that established the scottish parliament . 
  thus it 's the closest thing the scotland has to a constitution . 
  i believe the uk can legally seize any power from the scottish parliament it likes , but do you really want to do that when the union is on life support and the snp is in power ? 
  i do n't think that 's going to happen anymore tbh . 
  there was too much opposition from within the conservative party , the house of lords , the devolved governments and the eu . 
  all these obstacles could be overcome but it would just require too much political capital . 
  iirc it was left off the queen 's last speech which means it 's probably been officially shelved for now . 
  i think these are the most infamous papers : * the daily telegraph - shills extremely hard for the conservative party * the daily mail - much crazier and lower quality right wing paper that also supports the tories . 
  * the guardian - strongly biased towards the left but not too fixated on any specific party * the daily express - donated millions to ukip * the sun/scottish sun - bizarre and changeable political allegiances . 
  currently supports the snp in scotland and tories in england . 
  * the daily record ( scotland ) - shills extremely hard for scottish labour * the national ( scotland ) - launched at an snp conference by newsquest for the sole purpose of selling to yes voters, 
  it was interesting how initially england clearly did n't care that we might be leaving , and then seemed to become increasingly butthurt the closer we got to the referendum date . 
   public funds for the party 's local vigilante group . 
  the fn operates vigilante groups ? 
  wtf . 
  what do cypriots think about the british territories on cyprus ? 
  do they want them back ? 
  before wwii there were widespread fears that chemical weapons would turn all of europe into a wasteland .
