  british children who are considered to be poverty therefore are likely to have better lives than many people in eastern europe . 
  imo the bigger problem in scotland is social deprivation not economic deprivation ( although clearly the two go hand in hand ) . 
  life on the schemes is just completely desolate and meaningless . 
  he was n't talking about centralising power really . 
  removing national governments from the governance of the eu does not necessarily mean more centralisation . 
  it could easily just mean carrying out it 's current powers but with the decisions made by the ep instead of the council . 
  anyway i think getting rid of the council would be a lot more democratic in fact . 
  i do n't want decisions affecting my life made by faceless diplomats behind closed doors . 
  i do n't trust national governments to make the best decisions either . 
  and how well do national leaders really represent their people , when in poland for example only about 16 % of the electorate actually bothered to endorse the current government . 
  yet , it gets to speak for 100 % of poles . 
  no i 'd rather vote for an mep myself and have them vote on decisions in an open parliament . 
  iirc northern england is poorer than east germany . 
  westminster 's complacency has been worse for their economy than 50 years of communism . 
  and they wonder why people are angry . 
  i 'm pretty sure 99.5 % of people in scotland support self-determination . 
  that knife goes both ways , gibraltar and falklands want to be where they are . 
  spain and argentina can go away . 
  interesting that this pleases you , since i thought all people who like the afd despise merkel . 
  imho merkel is doing more to destroy europe than anyone else . 
  she is the biggest impediment to any kind of meaningful reform to the many issues the eu has . 
  she is so unwilling the rock the boat she is prepared to be passive while the eu slowly dies . 
  help my continent is only 94 % white . 
  end of western civilisation impending . 
  i recognise that number as coming from a pew research poll . 
  the poll found that 12 % wanted sharia as civil law , but only 3 % wanted severe criminal punishments and only 1 % wanted to execute apostates . 
  so basically negligible support for what people tend to think about when they hear the words `` sharia law '' . 
  i often think that people exaggerate the islamism of turkey and akp greatly . 
  the most islamist thing akp has done in the last 10 years is make headscarves legal in public institutions . 
  imo the politics of turkey have a lot more in common with certain ee countries . 
  akp 's rhetoric is a lot like pis or united russia . 
  we are always the victim , everyone is against us and we can not trust them , therefore if you 're not with us you 're a traitor and our authoritarianism is necessary to protect the country from sinister conspiracies . 
  in both cases the paranoia is rooted in similar historical trauma ( partition of poland vs treaty of sevres ) . 
  in the uk also exit polls are always extremely accurate . 
  for example in the 2015 elections opinion polls before the vote showed a close race between labour and the tories , but as soon as the exit polls came in the scale of the tory victory was immediately clear . 
  it 's a little more than 2012 and significantly less than 2010 . 
  i read once that the discovery of the americas actually made life much worse for the peasants and middle classes of spain because the atlantic trade was fully monopolised by the crown which meant their extremely powerful and absolutist as a result . 
  it enabled them to erode the power of the cortes and raise taxes on the nobility ( paid for by the peasants ) . 
  the money was spent on the church , the royal family and foreign wars . 
  i think it kind of flows tbh . 
  as a result of brexit and trump it has doubled down on liberalism and eurofederalism . 
  but this time last year it was definitely full of far-rightists as a result of the refugee crisis . 
  i mean . . he 's a tax avoiding billionaire campaigning on massive corporate tax cuts who has already stuffed his cabinet with republican donors and corporate executives . 
  he won it together with yitzhak rabin ( the israeli pm ) because they managed to reach an agreement and sign the oslo accords . 
  at the time it was thought that the oslo accords would bring about the end of the intractable israeli-arab conflict so it was indeed a huge moment for proponents of peace . 
  ultimately that 's exactly what the nobel peace prize is for . 
  it 's not a `` nicest person '' prize like some people seem to think . 
  it 's a fucking stupid paranoid delusion . 
  * why * would the west throw away it 's wealth and power to go and commit suicide in an apocalyptic nuclear war . 
  i do n't think you really know what you 're talking about with abkazhia . 
  abkhazhia murdered or expelled more than half of it 's population because they were the wrong ethnicity . 
  you can read really grim stories about how they hired foreign mercenaries to slaughter whole villages . 
  it 's a fascist , genocidal puppet regime . 
   it because they do n't want end up like scotland - not confident to leave with a government that consistently screws-up and blames england . 
  perhaps scottish people are just more accurately assess the performance of their own administration than english people and do not consider the government to be `` screwing up '' since it continues to have high approval ratings and get re-elected . 
  * no it ca n't be !, 
  they are just fools !, 
  if only they did n't let the snp distract them with `` blaming england '' then they 'd see how bad their lot is !!!, 
  * the truth is british/english nationalists who claim holyrood has failed scotland are absolutely ridiculed within scotland itself . 
  devolution has virtually unanimous public support (  90 % ) and the 5-10 % who prefer direct rule are viewed as complete nutters by everyone ( even the scottish tories i 'd say ) . 
  it was n't even in their manifesto though , it was part of the coalition deal with the liberals . 
  they really do n't deserve the credit . 
  i do agree though about the tories not being homophobic or anti-semitic though . 
  ukip is mostly not threatening to gays either despite some hand-wringing about gay marriage . 
  however the nationalists in france and germany are less friendly . 
  he 's a rich jewish lefty businessman who has donated huge amounts of money ( $ 11bn ) to ngos and such , and therefore certain ( usually quite nationalistic ) people hate him because of his perceived influence . 
  the problem is n't that people ca n't think critically it 's that they do n't want to . 
  what even is the point in efdd . 
  5 stars and ukip have nothing in common except being incoherent populists . 
  i 'm glad most people do n't trust what they read on the internet despite all the comments i see on reddit about it . 
  social media and online blogs are probably the worst source of information by far . 
  surely it matters what the contents of the constitution is ? 
   there is nothing wrong with party that boasts about turning state media into a propoganda channel , cripples the constitutional court , seeks to ban non-government civil society organisations , holds important parliamentary votes in complete secrecy and buries judicial tribunals because it does n't like them, 
  that 's not a solution when the muslims are already here . 
  there 's even less need to panic because birth rates among second generation muslim immigrants is even lower than the overall average, 
  the more important thing is that trump has repeatedly threatened to put ridiculous tariffs on china , india , mexico , japan and other countries . 
  actually doing so would ruin china and create huge anti-american sentiment i believe . 
  the snp are not actually committed to the idea of a second referendum and never have been . 
  the endless speculation about when one might happen is basically just a media circlejerk . 
  i am ready to be raped by wilders , le pen and strache . 
  in recent elections almost everyone who did not vote fn in the first round went ump in the second round . 
  for example when le pen stood in haut france she increased her vote only 2 % in the second round , everyone who did n't originally support her came out to support her opponent . 
  imho she is a completely ineffectual leader and i do n't understand why she has such a reputation for competence . 
  her whole thing is to avoid rocking the boat by kicking the can further down the road . 
  she has done nothing to truly fix the glaring problems in the eurozone and the external borders . 
  unless she embarks on meaningful reform she is just the calm and steady captain of a sinking ship , watching while the economic and political crisis of post-2008 europe steadily burns on . 
  europe needs a much more dynamic leader willing to reform and fix the eu 's problems or it 's days are numbered . 
  except overwhelmingly white states like north dakota , west virginia , etc still have huge murder rates ? 
  why do moldovans keep re-electing these communists who 've made their country poorer than north africa ? 
  it makes no sense at this point . 
  i assume he said that because you said you were a minority in your own country when 85 % of australia is of european ancestry . 
  the northeast lowlands are quite well populated and also very economically productive because that 's where the oil industry is . 
  aberdeen is up there . 
  the highlands are indeed empty by european standards though . 
  7 people per square kilometer outside inverness . 
  there is actually a significant difference in social outcomes . 
  north africans perform worse that syrians in the labour market and much , much worse in crime statistics . 
  although both perform poorer than society as a whole . 
  `` asylum seekers '' from north africa are just distinctly worse because they come here to abuse the system not to make a better life . 
  that 's probably wise but i do n't think this is like trump .
