  i mean do you * really * think anarchist activists in calais even respresent the views of the mainstream left ? 
  left wing extremists do the exact same thing by collecting outrageous racist statements from people they do n't like and then pretending like everyone on the right wants to gas the blacks or something . 
  it 's just retarded , it 's people deliberately talking past one another . 
  cultural marxism is an imaginary ideology invented by the far right so that they can accuse people of believing in ridiculous strawmen . 
  nobody in the real world actually believes `` white people need to be punished '' except an infinitesimally small faction of lunatics whose influence is confined to student unions and tumblr blogs . 
  trump wants less us presence in europe . 
  he considers european countries are free-riding on the us defence budget . 
  and he 's correct tbh . 
  the extent to which we depend on the americans is utterly laughable . 
  i do n't know why people are downvoting you because you 're right . 
  the snp , plaid , lib dems , greens and a large swathe of labour are very amenable towards `` ever closer union '' . 
  i 'm in the camp of rationality not the camp of muh feelings . 
  when there was rampant terrorism by the ira in britain there were also hysterical cries for death penalty . 
  especially after the birmingham pub bombings . 
  good thing the government did n't cave though . 
  the six people sentenced for the bombings turned out to be innocent . 
  they were not the only ones either . 
  capital punishment does n't make europe safer , especially when you 're dealing with people who crave martyrdom . 
  it merely creates a legal nightmare , one where mistakes will get made , to satisfy the mob 's selfish need for vindication . 
  during the scottish referendum uk civil servants were also banned from making contingency plans in the event of independence for much the same reason . 
  the uk did the exact same thing during the scottish independence referendum . 
  it is n't a satisfying solution to me . 
  * the number of refugees entering europe is still far too high . 
  as the other guy said 700-800 ,000 if current trends continue . 
  * for all we know the reduction is temporary , as maziere says now that this route is closed it 's likely another one will emerge . 
  * this is about the entrance of migrants into germany not europe . 
  all the people who would 've entered germany by the balkan route are still here . 
  they 're just rotting in greece and serbia . 
  nobody sane ever said closing schengen borders would n't help , but a definitive and permanent solution has to be at europe 's external borders . 
  we should n't have to close european borders just because of a problem at the greek-turkish border anyway . 
  georgia actually has a strong relationship with turkey i believe . 
  there was no `` aggressor '' imho . 
  real world wars do n't often work out that way . 
  it 's true that armenia invaded azerbaijan to help the nagornoh-karabakh armenians carve out a state . 
  however i ca n't blame the nk armenians for not letting themselves be incorporated into azerbaijan which has always treated armenians like shit . 
  especially after the hysterical and uncalled for anti-armenian massacres that occurred in baku and sumgait . 
  after all i 'm sure they remember that last time azeri troops invaded nk they destroyed shusha and killed 20,000 people . 
  in the present day the aliyev regime has continued to institute a climate of extreme armeniophobia . 
  how are the nk armenians supposed to let themselves be annexed by a country that , for example , rewards it 's citizens with thousands of euros and military titles when they murder armenian soldiers abroad ? 
  the azeri government and it 's supporters are the most disgusting proto-fascists in europe . 
  aliyev is the one who deserves to be killed with an axe . 
  furthermore azerbaijan 's borders were entirely contrived by the russians . 
  they have no ethnic or historical basis and nobody ever consented to them . 
  nkao had  90 % armenian population when the ussr was formed . 
  it never should have been part of azerbaijan . 
  it is not ok to tell the armenians they have to let nk be incorporated into the tolerant , peace-leaving azeri state just because russia decided that 's how the borders should be . 
  the point where the armenians lost the moral high ground is when they decided to ethnically cleanse the azeri population of the subsequently occupied surrounding lands in order to create a buffer zone for their own security , resulting in the displacement of 700,000 people . 
  could be . 
  would n't surprise me . 
  might not be though . 
  this also would n't really surprise me . 
  azerbaijan has never shown refrain from murdering armenian civilians . 
  i mean this is the country that gave ramil safarav a promotion , apartment and thousands of euros for murdering an armenian solider in budapest with an axe . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was maajid nawaz who coined the term . 
  he wrote a book with sam harris though so it makes sense . 
  nawaz would probably be disgusted with how the word has come to be used though . 
  he coined it to refer to the people who attempted to silence his criticisms of islam or apologise for islamic extremism . 
  now it 's just used to label anyone vaguely pro-immigration or multiculturalist ( such as , perhaps , nawaz himself ) . 
  dae immigration is the only issue in politics today and anyone who lets in any immigrants ( even when they 've dramatically reduce non-eu immigration ) is a dirty regressive leftist ? 
  yeah but only becase of the `` buffer zone '' which is occupied but unclaimed by nkr right ? 
  why ca n't both sides ca n't both be happy with armenia getting the original armenian-majority nk autonomous oblast plus the corridor connecting it to the rest of armenia and then azeris can return ? 
  frankly that 's how it should 've happened to begin with but instead azerbaijan decided to force the armenians into a country that actively hates them and ultimately paid a huge price for doing so . 
  i 'll never understand the intransigence of southeast europeans when it comes to their precious borders . 
  i 'm glad england did n't have anti-scottish pogroms when scotland decided it might want to be independent , that nobody here thought expelling 400,000 english people would be a good idea , that the british government never decided human life is less important than national borders and began firing up the tanks . 
  i know that turkey prefers to be deliberately blind to azeri violence but do you * seriously * think that only azeris were ethnically cleansed and `` massacred '' in the 90s ? 
  because that 's a rather astounding distortion of history . 
  development aid is basically an investment in trade that aims to help develop a countries economy so that there is actually a market there to trade with in the future . 
  it 's the same reason the us gave the uk billions in aid after wwii and now the uk gives croatia aid . 
  it 's also a way of buying political clout , achieving some vague geopolitical objective or bribing countries to open their economies . 
  humanitarian aid is there because there 's this thing called human decency that says allowing hundreds of thousands of people to die in a natural catastrophe or humanitarian crisis is not good . 
  especially when your economy produces 13 trillion euros per year . 
  a clump of cells does n't constitute a human life . 
  personally i think abortion is fine as long as it happens before the point where the embryo can survive outside the womb . 
  and banning abortions where the mothers life is danger really is just sick . 
  placing more value on the life of an embryo than a woman with a life and family is just disgusting . 
  the idea he was killed because of his tweets is just random speculation . 
  almost certainly the main reason he was killed because he was an ahmaddiya . 
  their sect of islam is considered a heresy by most of the sunni religious establishment and is persecuted in pakistan where the religion originated . 
  so much so that the caliph of the amaddiyah has been based in london since the 1980s . 
  from the perspective of sunni islam ahmaddiya are worse than christians or jews because they are apostates and perverters of muhammad 's teachings . 
  the inevitable no result in this referendum makes me quite angry . 
  this vote has nothing to do with the actual free trade agreement and is everything to do with public resentments towards the eu . 
  but it 's not the eu that is going to suffer because of the netherland 's poorly aimed spite . 
  it 's ukraine that will be doomed to exist in limbo between russia and the eu unable to fully trade with either . 
  can we not start using `` liberal '' the way yanks use it to mean `` anything vaguely left wing '' or `` left wing things i do n't like '' ? 
  it 's one of my peeves . 
  the people you are talking about are found in pel , pes and the european greens , not in alde . 
  why would we want to ? 
  why would anyone care to do so ? 
  95 % of this diagram is explain by `` the troubles '' in northern ireland , the eta insurgency and the years of lead in italy . 
  trump is just full of shit . 
  it was so fucking rich of him to say that the paris attacks would n't have happened if only france had lax gun laws like the us . 
  the us is the last country in the world anyone would look at to learn about preventing mass shootings . 
  i do n't really understand why the deal with turkey is so `` controversial '' . 
  obviously the left are going to be against it but it seems that the right just automatically hates everything the eu does . 
  the agreement allows us to reduce illegal migration across the aegean by 93 % and we get to decide who the 7 % are , instead of just having a free for all by everyone who can get on a boat . 
  how is that not an enormous improvement ? 
  the idea that wahhabism = terrorism is a bit of a meme i feel , perpetuated by people looking for a simple explanation to a complex problem . 
  wahhabism is a problem in and of itself because it propagates non-violent extremism which in the long run could end up being a bigger problem in our society . 
  however among people in the uk arrested for terrorism there is really no correlation between likelihood to become a terrorist , religious sect or dedication to religious observance .
