  because to be a terrorist you do n't need to reject all modernity and live in full compliance with sharia ( which is what wahhabis teach ) . 
  you just need to be angry , deluded and fully convinced that your fellow muslims are the victims of a gloabl war of persecution waged by the west . 
  i think funding them actually makes them less popular because they come to be viewed as a puppet of outside interests . 
  that 's * exactly * what bush tried to do in iraq with his democratic crusade and de-baathification . 
  * exactly * . 
  and it failed catastrophically and made the problem of terrorism worse . 
  corporation tax is actually just a bad tax for many reasons . 
  * it 's bureaucratically nightmarish because now that business is globalised it 's often extremely difficult to figure out in which country economic activity is taking place * it 's incredibly easy to avoid for this reason * it discourages investment in your country and can really harm economic growth * most importantly for me is that a lot of evidence suggests it 's a regressive tax - people think they are taxing the rich byt corporations can easily mitigate their tax losses by raising consumer prices and lowering wages . 
  i do n't think you understand what a visa is . 
  visas do not allow for immigration they allow for you to enter a country with only your passport ( so without going through a long visa application process . ), 
  you ca n't buy a house , apply for benefits , study , get a job or participate in many economic activities with only your passport . 
  it just means they can visit for business , tourism or family reasons without going through an agonising process . 
  we have visa free access already with dozens of third world countries including peru , nicaragua and malaysia . 
  they did , but how on earth does that mean europe is `` finished '' ? 
  i thnk it 's because of oil wells in the desert . 
  90 million people live on the banks of the egyptian niall . 
  pretty much all the rest of egypt is uninhabitable desert . 
  you 'd think so but a bunch of literal nazi-sympathsiers just entered parliament in addition to the jobbik-like sns . 
  we do n't even * have * a `` force '' sent to fight isis . 
  not one of these countries actually has troops on the ground except russia and iran who have very small units ( that are mostly fighting the fsa anyway ) . 
  just because there are more countries pretending to be doing something does n't make the force bigger . 
  all we are doing right now is bombing them with limited effect . 
  call back when 140,000 nato troops invade . 
  that 's what happened in afghanistan . 
  poundland, 
  is erdogan even islamist really ? 
  i 'm suspicious it may be a bit of a circlejerk since i have n't seen much evidence of him enacting islamist policies . 
  because of all those terrible multiculti leftists that are in power in eastern europe like fidesz , smer and pis who are * so * likely to throw open the borders at any moment ? 
  slovaks and hungarians do n't need to vote for lunatics like kotleba and jobbik to oppose mass immigration so this seems like an entirely inadequate explanation . 
  why does eastern europe react in such a hysterical way to the idea of even a miniscule number of refugees ? 
  it 's not exactly hard to find flaws in the idea of refugee quotas . 
  and i fully understand how the prospect of permanent refugee quotas would generate outrage ( though i think the chance of that happening is literally zero at this point ) . 
  but the way the czech republic seems to detonate with outrage at the thought of just 500 syrians is totally absurd . 
  i live like 15 minutes away from a town that was devastated by a libyan plane bombing that killed 270 people . 
  i 'm not sure that 's `` playing ball '' with the west . 
  anyone reasonable should hate this lot . 
  a permanent quota system was never going to happen and in particular the idea that the commission would ever actually redistribute every migrant coming into the eu is completely unthinkable nonsense . 
  your numbers are scary only because they are taken out of context . 
  the quotas were designed to relieve the strain on the overburdened asylum systems of greece and italy not as a permanent system for settling all the migrants that come to europe . 
  why would the commission even want that ? 
  i think that 's also reinforced by the report you linked which talks about tens of thousands of refugees not millions . 
  but still i could forgive people for being worried in october . 
  but it 's march now and even the original watered down quota system is completely dead . 
  something ridiculous like 0.1 % of the envisioned refugee resettlement has actually occurred . 
  there is literally no excuse now . 
  slovakia just elected literal nazis because of paranoid hysteria about something that will never happen . 
  these idiots deserve to be mocked . 
  there was never any possibility of that happening to begin with . 
  and at this point even the original quota plan is dead in the water . 
  basically no migrants have been relocated . 
  there is really no rational reason for this kind of hysteria to be honest . 
  the only real effect of the quota is it 's usefulness as a political tool for foaming-at-the-mouth swivel-eyed lunatics across the eu . 
  is this because muh refugee quotas ? 
  it 's absurd how a nation of five million people is left quaking in fear with the idea of 300 refugees . 
  the quotas were a stupid and probably illegal non-solution but the immense hysteria i 've observed from some people it 's as if the sky is falling . 
  since nobody outside immigration-obsessed internet circlejerks knows or cares who orban is i doubt he will be remembered . 
  except in hungary i guess . 
  the superior voting system imho . 
  in scotland we use this for local elections and i wish we used it for everyone election . 
  and this is n't one of those times ? 
  migrant crisis / r/europe is more of a circlejerk than it has ever been except during the ukraine crisis . 
  so basically if i expel all the americans from the new world they do n't get to complain about it because `` americans captured and traded slaves for 200 years '' ? 
  ok got it . 
  i ca n't really agree with this unless we have proof the people of scotland want to waste time on such a referendum . 
  we should have a referendum on whether to have a referendum on another referendum . 
  this narrative is becoming incredibly tiresome . 
  it 's not the snp who wo n't stop talking about a referendum it 's unionist politicians and the media outside scotland that wo n't shut up about it . 
  the only reason she made this statement today is because she was asked about it in a live interview ( again ) . 
  let 's review : referendums held by snp : 1 referendums pledged by snp : 0 possible circumstances for a referendum in the future : 1 random commentators : when will the neverendum stop ? 
  you ca n't keep having referendums over and over again forever !, 
  what a time to be alive . 
   implying leaving the eu would do anything to stop the flow of migrants through/to your country . 
  if you have n't noticed half the states in se europe or schengen and the migrants give zero shits and walk across them anyway . 
  the non-muslim population of the uk is n't shrinking though . 
  it 's growing . 
  even the white population is growing . 
  even the * white british * population grew by almost a million between the last two censuses . 
  so yes , sixty milion . 
  and to think there are people who beleive this could happen in 34 years , i just have to laugh . 
  but ok even if it was n't growing , what kind of ridiculous decline would there have to be for this idea to be remotely feasible ? 
  even if the non-muslim population declined by half ( which is virtually impossible in and of itself ) 27 million muslims would still need to appear from somewhere for them to be the majority . 
  there is no debate about this . 
  you only need basic understanding of maths to see how retarded this idea is . 
   because , if the current trends continues , that day may take decades , but it will come . 
  the current trends where we get almost 300,000 non muslim immigrants per year and there are only 3 million muslims ? 
  maybe if by decades you really meant never . 
  stop spewing shit . 
  there is literally zero possibility of the uk becoming majority muslim . 
  amazing that there are people so stupid as to think that almost 60 million muslims could be born/migrate to the uk in 34 years . 
  just the fact we have a net immigration of 200,000 eu citizens every year almost negates muslim population growth . 
  what richard dawkins thinks about it doesn ; t matter since it 's a recorded fact that immigrant birth rates dramatically drop the longer immigrants live in the uk . 
  immigrants are subjected to the same economic realities as all other people living here . 
  my main problem with this is that i did n't give a shit about any of the things on the agenda . 
  the eu needs actual reform . 
  it needs to be democratised and streamlined . 
  schengen needs to be reworked to that external borders are actually protected . 
  the critical flaws in the eurozone need to be addressed . 
  useless policies like cap need to be reformed . 
  cameron 's `` reforms '' ( ie special privileges for the uk ) are just so trivial in comparison to what we actually need to be talking about . 
  there actually is a housing crisis , but people have been saying `` the nhs is imploding , schools are bankrupt ! '',
