  you were n't really `` debating substantively '' either . 
  the quotas have been dead for 2 years but clearly the hungarian government is going to milk it forever . 
  the bbc is funded by license fees , is owned by a self-managing trust and is overseen by a third party organisation ( ofcom ) . 
  rt is directly funded by the kremlin and it 's board consists of government appointees that can be removed at any time . 
  ca n't you see how those two structures are completely different . 
  think of the kind of incentives the people who run rt have compared to the bbc . 
  incidentally rt has been sanctioned by ofcom 10 times in the uk for : * airing confessions obtained from torture ( by the iranian regime ) as facts * deliberately misrepresenting the views of interviewees through editing and digital manipulation * hosting `` debates '' in which all participants had the same view * documentaries ofcom determined to have `` breached impartiality rules '' ( for example a documentary called `` genocide in east ukraine '' in which rt refered to ukraine as a nazi junta and claimed they were crucifying babies '' ) * fabricating news stories such as a turkish bombing that killed 450 kurds ( did n't happen - aired shortly after turkey downed a russian jet ) and claiming the bbc staged a chemical weapons attack using child actors, 
  le pen will face macron in a second round , since they were the top 2 candidates . 
  yes . 
  what jlm calls social democracy wo n't work because it 's not adapted to the new global economy . 
  the problem faced by social democrats is that globalism has murdered the labour movement , redistribution and social standards by forcing states into an environment where they compete against eachother for investment . 
  capitalists laugh at jlm 's tax plans . 
  the rich will flee france and the middle class will be left to pay the shortfall . 
  the factories and businesses will leave and go where conditions are better for them . 
  everyone in france will be left poorer and jlm will not be able to pay for his frivolous policies like decomissioning nuclear power station . 
  it would be ridiculous anyway because shockingly enough capitalism requires capital to work . 
  where will the capital come from if jlm is taxing everyone 90 % ? 
  social democracy will only be viable again when we move from international competition to international cooperation . 
  when we come together at the eu to make the rich pay their taxes ( not 90 % though ) , and have european labour unions that can properly bargain instead of being played against one another . 
  but besides that i have even more foundational disagreements with jlm 's idea of social democracy . 
  firstly you can not solve inequity with wealth redistribution - this is the idea of champagne socialists and millennials . 
  the people living in the banileus and post-industrial towns want more than a cheque every month and then to be forgotten about . 
  they want economic opportunities . 
  they want to achieve a living for themselves and their families . 
  they want to be proud of themselves and their communities . 
  that 's why they vote le pen , because she promises to bring industry back to their communities . 
  the answer is to adopt a social corporate model like what germany used to have , where capital , labour and the government make broad agreements about the economy . 
  also i 'd like to see more progressive taxes but only to cut taxes for the poor like vat , not to increase social welfare . 
  both need to happen on the eu level for reasons i described above . 
  the current socialist french labour is a disaster that has failed in every way . 
  france has the worst unemployment , underemployment and one of the worst temporary employment levels in the northwestern eu and it 's just not viable anymore with an ageing population . 
  you can only have so many people living off the state . 
  it needs to focus on wages and working conditions not appeasing unions by protecting their members from insecurity . 
  finally , multiculturalism can not be said to have succeeded in any way . 
  it 's just dogma at this point . 
  meanwhile jlm 's foreign policy is the laughable ravings of an ideologue who thinks the cold war is still going on . 
  joining alba ? 
  really ? 
  you guys should check out / r/the _ donald for some entertainment . 
  they think le pen will win over 50 % of the vote in the first round . 
  there is nothing new or untried about melenchon . 
  of course we can say it wo n't work . 
  because it wo n't . 
  it has n't even been 5 years since france last tried a 75 % tax bracket . 
  your entire argument was just emotion , but get this , the fact you 're sick of centrism does n't change anything about it 's viability . 
  the left pretend like socialism is this brand new untried thing instead of what it actually is , another stale old ideology that 's been around for a century . 
  that 's the real problem in europe . 
  a complete and total lack of new ideas among anyone in politics . 
  democracy is not majority rule . 
  also  this referendum  democratic, 
  the chechen responses to these accusations has been interesting . 
  `` these accusations that we are killing gays are terrible lies meant to shame chechnya ... there are n't even any gays cause they would 've all been killed already '' really makes me think . 
  has the czech republic even taken any refugees . 
  i kind of doubt people actually care in the siege of vienna in reality . 
  it 's kind of a meme at this point . 
  i mean , the siege of vienna was centuries ago and yet it 's only been 80 years since germany thought exterminating all slavs might be a good idea . 
  i mean they willingly gave away all their political power to one man based on faith alone . 
  turkey is n't moving towards sharia law and it will never will at any point in the forseeable future . 
  sharia is only supported by the extreme fringes of turkish society , with only about 10 % support for a sharia civil code and negligible support for a sharia criminal code . 
  the significance of political islam in turkey is greatly over-exaggerated . 
  the most islamist thing akp has done in 15 years is lift the ban on headscarves . 
  westerners need to understand that when kemalists from turkey talk of akp dismantling secularism , they are referring to a very specific kind of secularism that we 'd call laicit\u00e9 . 
  with regard to turkey people are focusing too much on islam and not enough on turkish nationalism and `` sevres syndrome '' . 
  if you actually listen to the rhetoric of akp you 'll find it ; s primarily nationalist and perpetuates a myth widely believed in turkey that outside powers are plotting with internal actors ( like feto , pkk ) to prevent turkey reaching it 's potential . 
  this allows them to justify their authoritarianism and lack of regard for rule of law as an appropriate reaction , and lets them accuse dissenters of treason , basically . 
  all akps rhetoric focuses on this logic . 
  for example yesterday binali yildrim 's first reaction was to describe the referendum as a victory over `` traitors who want to divde us '' . 
  if we focus on islam we learn nothing really . 
  what happened in turkey could easily happen in poland , serbia or hungary , and indeed kind of is already . 
  fidesz and especially pis use the exact same rhetoric to justify their authoritarian behaviour . 
  the same narrative is also used to justify dictatorship in russia , azerbaijan , egypt , iran , burma , venezuela and probably all authoritarian regimes . 
  they believe turkey * would * be greater than the west if it was n't for evil western feto pkk plot to destroy turkey . 
  this kind of mindset is fairly common across the middle east and other less developed countries . 
  i believe it 's how nationalists in those countries rationalise their clear inadequacy compared to the west 's economic and technological achievements . 
  otherwise they 'd have to admit their national institutions are just broken and their national leaders are corrupt . 
  no nationalist will do that . 
  well according to polls macron heavily defeats everyone in the second round , so yes , it does seem people prefer liberal politics to the other side of anti-establishment politics . 
  do you know why those few northeastern provinces always seems to be more anti-erdogan than the rest of the non-kurdish east ? 
  i don ; t necessarily disagree with your sentiment but it 's not as bad as it first appears . 
  turnout matters . 
  well integrated turks do n't vote anti-erdogan , they do n't vote at all , because they have no connection to turkey and do n't care about it . 
  liberalism has n't made everything perfect !, 
  time to shut down the nuclear power plants , leave the eu and nato and introduce a 90 % tax rate that will immediately drive away all the rich people who pay the lions share of our taxes !, 
  this will fix all our problems . 
  i mean i do get what you mean . 
  i 'm not satisfied with the status quo . 
  but melenchon offers nothing . 
  just another crusty ideology that is an even bigger failure . 
  i 've become convinced the main problem in european politics is that nobody has come up with anything new since the 80s . 
  they have just been recycling the same ideas for 50 years . 
  the establishment want everything to stay the same forever . 
  the anti-establishment just wants to go backwards to the politics of the 1970s . 
  who is offering a path forward ? 
  this is why the french election system is flawed tbh . 
  if it ends up being melenchon vs le pen then the election will end with 80 % of people being very dissatisfied . 
  whereas i suspect most people could live with macron even if he 's not their first choice . 
  and that 's what democracy should be about , a solution that everyone can live with . 
  not one section of society trampling everyone else . 
  therefore french voters should be able to rank their candidates in preference , like in london mayoral elections , instead of using the outdated two round system . 
  erdogan is probably more secular than egyptian military rule tbh .
