  not saying this totally justifies not looking for a job , but it is definitely much more difficult for a gypsy to get employed since there is such widespread prejudice against them . 
  people assume they are thieves etc. 
  and this is at a time when there are not many jobs around anyway . 
  wow ukraine truly is fascist . 
  well clinton is not a us official anymore either . 
  hillary clinton does not even have a position in us government right now . 
  her opinion is not relevant . 
  also read the article . 
  it 's nothing about the us or hillary clinton . 
  * israel and india did it therefore it must be right for russia to do it * i mean it 's not like israel is criticised and hated upon daily for it 's actions towards palestine right ? 
  also the indian expansions were pretty different . 
  goa was a colonial state while sikkim voted to join india without coercion and on its own initiative . 
  merkel 's argument against sanctions is that europe is that the eu must follow the new 21st century political model . 
  she believes it 's still possible for russia to `` come into the fold '' and that the eu must build political and economic brigades with it to promote stability and democracy , as it has done with great success in the rest of eastern europe . 
  it 's certainly more challenging to politically unify russia and the eu compared to poland eg . 
  maybe it 's an excuse so germany can avoid taking diplomatic action . 
  still , i thought it was an interesting alternate viewpoint . 
   it 's the only way to end the world, 
  `` the english army '' what . 
  i 'll have you know that we also took part in imperialism and ruthless oppression !, 
  ^ ^ damn ^ ^ catholics, 
  the frisians are not amused, 
  if this happens i demand we are admitted as a separate state from england . 
  many east european countries never had a history of freedom and human rights until the downfall of the ussr and have done quite well in the eu . 
  this really . 
  i feel that the articles arguments against turkish membership are non-arguments . 
  if turkey joins the eu it will have to comply with eu law and thus will not get away with the censorship and political intimidation that occurs there now . 
  it would n't make sense for turkey to `` join '' the eu only to break all of its most basic laws . 
  this could not even be called membership . 
  positing these as reasons that turkey should not join the eu is therefore pointless . 
  i feel bringing up turkey 's authoritarianism is an attacking angle favoured because many of the real arguments against turkish membership would lead to divisive and controversial discussions about immigration , islam , the nature of the eu etc. 
  it has no real relevance to their bid since if they are sincere about membership then they are essentially offering to abandon these practices . 
  wow this is the single most insightful comment i have ever read . 
  you just completely changed my worldview . 
  what about one that is specific to states who separate bilaterally ? 
  it 's a start . 
  spain 's argument has always been that they 'd accept scottish secession because it would be bilateral as opposed to a unilateral declaration of independence by catalonia . 
  there seems to be a faction of people i know who believe that opposing the us no matter what is a good thing . 
  i doubt any of those countries would go to war without the rest of the western world backing them up . 
  their chances of victory would be slim . 
  also china is n't going to attack russia . 
  they have problems with russia but they also regard them as their most important ally against western hegemony . 
  plus china is highly concerned with stability and economic growth . 
  war with anyone is not really in their interest except taiwan who poses a direct threat to their legitimacy . 
  lol . 
  this is such a paranoid and nationalistic worldview . 
  erdogan is not remotely as important or powerful as you think he is . 
  scotland was quite socially conservative until about the 70s . 
  hardline calvinism was a major thing here . 
  i do n't know , russia is pretty good at giving its non-russian minorities autonomy . 
  there are 26 autonomous entities in russia ( whose official name is `` the russian federation '' because of this ) and some of them are created for ethnic groups that make up  10 % of the population in their homeland . 
  a state as ethnically plural as crimea should expect a degree of autonomy . 
  over 80 % of the ep voted to move from strasbourg but it was shot down by france . 
  changing the eu 's `` capital cities '' requires a treaty change that has to be unanimously agreed by all member states . 
  it 's not really fair to blame the ep . 
  well of the course , anyone who opposes the evil , imperialist , banker controlled fascist police state that is the uk must be good guys . 
  even those willing to resort to violence against civilians as an ineffective effort to force their country to join a bankrupt state , against the wishes of the majority of the population - justified because people who practice their religion lived their first , four fucking centuries ago . 
  said nobody on this sub ever . 
  nah they 've been doing that for ages . 
  assad is the most crucial ally of iran and hezbollah and that 's reason enough for them to depose him . 
  i stopped using / r/worldnews when they started cheering on the ethnic cleansing of muslims in burma ; _ ;, 
  maybe reddit will be next . 
  we 'll miss you turkish / r/europe subscribers . 
  they are part of the efta and thus benefit from the eu single market as much as members do . 
  it makes sense that they should contribute to the fund . 
  not very edgy , that it was necessary to bomb serbia to prevent bosnia ii is the prevailing opinion in the west . 
  what, 
   the fact that the swedish democrats are treated with no respect even if the public has elected them to represent their views this is how a lot of people treat everyone who disagrees with them . 
  not denying that people are suffering under austerity but this post seems like it should come from / r/circlerjerk . 
  you just forgot to mention hitler and include `` le '' somewhere in your sentence . 
  nobody ever minds their own business in international politics . 
  ever . 
  it is the opposite of fascism to prevent people enforcing their religious values on minors by irreversibly modifying their bodies.the debate about circumcision in europe has always been about children . 
  only a tiny population of idiots are denying the right of adults to receive circumcision . 
  you are overreacting , behaving childishly and interpreting messages with a persecuted and hysterical slant . 
  expelling people from europe for something like circumcision would be idiotic . 
  well that was an overreaction . 
  he said doctors in countries where circumcision is common would be more competent at performing circumcision not that muslims/jews should `` go home '' . 
  that being said not all euro muslims have a `` home '' beside europe so his argument is flawed . 
   it 'd all but turn the eu into a western extension of russia . 
  russia 's population is n't that huge . 
  they 'd make about 1/6 of the total eu population if they joined right now . 
  besides it 's economic power that really matters in the eu , hence france and the uk being so much more relevant than italy despite having a similar population . 
  the parliament is only an oversight branch . 
  it does n't run the eu , it checks the commissions power . 
  important eu decisions are taken by the member states . 
  egypt has an association agreement with the eu , that 's how little it means in the context of eu integration . 
  a referendum would be kind of strange . 
  i think statists basically want nothing to change . 
  edit : oh i was completely wrong . 
  it 's [ basically authoritarianism . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statism ), 
   your kind lol, 
  whenever i see people railing against immigrants here i check their comment history and they are invariably / r/whiterights subscribers or out-and-out racists . 
  i 'm pretty sure brigading regularly goes on here . 
  ( to clarify i 'm not saying people who rail against immigration must be racists , but there is organised brigading by actual racists here ) . 
  nobody `` controls '' the media . 
  and immigration fears are an almost continual topic of political conversation in the uk at least . 
  critics of immigration are often attacked for being intolerant and racist because a lot of them are . 
  there are plenty of people who oppose immigration for rational and legitimate reasons , ie the effect they have on society and the economy .
