yeah . 
  i think in scotland this was generally interpreted as some more anti-independence `` butt-hurt '' rather than a joke on salmond . 
  if this happened 2 years ago nobody would have cared . 
  not 100 % sure but i believe they managed to do this because they were protected by the ottomans . 
  edit : yes  in the 16th century , hungary was divided into three parts . 
  the northwest came under habsburg rule , the eastern part of the kingdom and transylvania ( vassal state ) under the ottoman empire . 
  the ottoman turks did not urge muslim conversion among the conquered and reformation thus spread through the turkish occupied territories . 
  only in the habsburg-ruled western hungary was this process halted by the strong counter-reformation policy of the empire . 
  yeah , no . 
  the snp are doing well because they 've governed scotland vastly better than the westminister parties during the previous 7 years , because there is a clear desire for decentralisation while remaining in the uk , because independence was clearly their most controversial policy , because they have a monopoly over almost half the population who voted yes , because scottish labour is too busy fighting amongst itself to win an election , because there are vast numbers of people who resent labour 's 50 year dominance of scotland and are happy to see the snp destroy it . 
  the snp are not winning elections just because scottish people like to sit back and whine about england . 
  there are a faction of butthurt people in england who think scottish politics is all about them and it 's just pathetic really . 
  expanding on what beiie said , it should be noted that the snp refuses to vote on english/welsh only issues ( which is everything from healthcare and education to policing and environment ) so unless the snp changes that position a true coalition is impossible . 
  also i do n't think non-scots realise the incredible vitriol between the snp and labour . 
  labour hates the fact the snp has stolen scotland from them while both parties see the other as a bunch of right-wing frauds posing as social democrats . 
  i do n't think the snp is likely to participate in a labour government to be honest , but they will involve themselves in some horse trading . 
   it 's amazing the reaction from some brits , they swear that this is a merkel diktat and some sort of conspiracy against them the parallels between the debate on scottish independence and eu membership are endless . 
  that 's not his point . 
  this question was only `` asked to those who support a limit on immigration from eu countries '' . 
  so 79 % of people who want an immigration limit think we should defy eu rules , not 79 % of british people . 
  i think huonym is just a troll account . 
  i see him around / r/unitedkingdom and / r/scotland a lot . 
  most of his posts consist of whining about the `` scotch '' with the occasional anti-eu tantrum . 
  i think it might be considered derogatory when used to refer to non-turks . 
  like i 'm pretty sure i 've heard bosnians referred to as turks . 
  they actually did present a timetable for further devolution though , and they have n't stuck to it . 
  like you say , you ca n't really rush constitutional reform , the timetable was always unrealistic . 
  however they are basically * begging * to be attacked by the snp for their failure to deliver on an extremely high-profile promise . 
  not really . 
  only one or two polls showed yes ahead . 
  at first i thought he was being sarcastic but now i 'm not sure . 
  nobody knows really . 
  poor diet , smoking , alcoholism , poverty are all contributing factors but life expectancy remains stubbornly lower than places with similar problems . 
  it 's called the [ glasgow effect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glasgow_effect ), 
  many of these `` jihadists '' are basically children . 
  does nobody else feel sympathy for these 14 year old girls who have effectively been groomed online ? 
  the plan was proposed by french prime minister ren\u00e9 pleven in 1950 as a solution to the problems of german rearmament . 
  the proposal would have created a supranational army with a common budget and institutions , the aim was to harness german military potential while making it impossible for them to wage war on the west . 
  the uk supported the idea but would not join unless the supranational element was toned down . 
  nevertheless a treaty was negotiated between france , italy , west germany , belgium , luxembourg and the netherlands by 1952 . 
  the treaty eventually failed to come into reality as the tense relationship between the ussr and the west relaxed somewhat due to the end of the korean war and death of stalin . 
  in france the gaullists opposed the treaty because they felt it infringed upon french sovereignty . 
  in 1954 the french parliament voted against the ratification of the treaty 319-264 . 
  instead west germany joined nato and the watered down `` west european union '' security organisation was established ( which included spain , portugal , the uk and greece ) . 
  the weu has today been subsumed by the eu common security and defence policy . 
  poor turkey . 
  :'( when the global anti-turkish conspiracy end ? 
  poor racists are so persecuted by the evil liberals :(, 
  you 're being downvoted but this is definitely true . 
  i 've only met three people who were homeschooled : two american and one scottish . 
  non-coincidentally they were the only three young religious fanatics i 've met . 
  creationists , homophobes , anti-catholics etc. 
  obviously not all home-schooling is like that but it 's a real problem i think . 
  another illuminati paid american agent posing as a spaniard working to infiltrate europe and restore the fascist regime in spain to undermine our superior european culture and further the creation of the reptilian controlled new world order because why would i need logic , evidence or reason when i have paranoia and baseless convictions ? 
  guys i 'm pretty sure he 's being sarcastic . 
  why not armenia ? 
  it 's not much different from any of the other ex-soviet countries he coloured red . 
  that porn filter was basically made up by reddit and the blogosphere . 
  the government just asked isps to make the already existing family opt-out instead of opt-in . 
  when you are signing up you have to check a box . 
  there are no government operated filters , opting-out is extremely easy and anonymous , already existing subscriptions are unaffected and there is no legislation to enforce any of it . 
  but people on reddit were saying you would have to phone your isp to opt out of the filter . 
  that 's probably when i learned not to trust any of the accepted facts online . 
  europe stronk literally this time, 
  not all the muslims in the uk are pakistani . 
  is there really evidence that they are muslims and not other south asians though ? 
  idk . 
  we do n't really refer to middle easterners as asians . 
  it 's used more or less exclusively to refer to people from the indian subcontinent . 
  trying too hard . 
  northern ireland is definitely our bible belt . 
  they 're just so irrelevant we forget about them . 
  it 's interesting how you can clearly see the scottish border . 
  except the left-right scale is not a measure of support for immigration . 
  definitely worse than genocide, 
   the uk does such a terrible job at representing them tbh this is even an understatement . 
  in previous negotiations with the eu they literally described it as `` expendable '' . 
  scotland is already devolved . 
  what 's being talked about now is even further devolution . 
  i think that 's your confusion ? 
  please save us from the oppression ; _ ; we ca n't take these abusive free and fair elections and free public services any longer . 
  i was like , 100 % sure karaim was spoken in crimea . 
  it 's a shame because they have really good ideals . 
  but they did n't or could n't live up to them . 
  dude the whole uk is running a * massive * deficit so saying `` an independent scotland would start with a deficit ! '', 
  is n't really an argument . 
  scotland is n't really subsidised by england though , not even the uk government argues that . 
  it 's `` subsidised '' because the government is running a huge deficit , so in almost every region spending is higher than government incomes . 
  if you think that english revenues are paying for scottish spending though you 're living in a fantasy land . 
  even the conservative party does n't argue that . 
  scottish revenues to westminister were # 1700 per head higher than the national average . 
  public spending is also # 1200 higher so you can see there is a gap . 
  scotland is actually contributing to the uk . 
  the fears that scotland could not maintain the level of public spending are not related to subsidisation but to the country 's poor fiscal health . 
  ireland has shown that having a high gdp per capita is not enough to have a good economy , you also need good fiscal health . 
  scotland would inherit the uks massive public debts worth 90 % of gdp but unlike the uk it would n't have currency reserves or investor confidence and all of it 's debt would be owned to foreigners . 
  a totally overbloated banking sector would have little support . 
  then the presence of a faster aging population and volatile , declining oil reserves would squeeze the budget over time . 
  it 's likely that scotland might not be able to sustain such high levels of debt . 
  thus some economists predicted an imminent sovereign debt crisis like ireland unless there was an oil boom .
