  nobody in scotland believes that . 
  he is saying that nordic countries and scotland have overlapping political interests and should benefit from cooperating via the nordic bloc . 
  since he is from kosovo i assume he knows about the albanian language . 
  india has its own huge gypsy population numbering an enormous 80 million . 
  to be honest - i know this goes against the anti-gypsy circlejerk - i 've encountered irish travelers many times in my life and never had a bad experience with them . 
  i live half-time in a rural area and the do odd labour tasks and then go on their way . 
  it 's more proportional representation there are set constituencies which will each elect x meps . 
  a party which wins 1/x votes will win one seat , 2/x votes 2 seats etc. 
  each party makes a list x meps that they will appoint . 
  the first seat that they win will go to the first person on the list . 
  if they win a second it will go to the second person on the list and so on . 
  you really vote for a party in eu elections rather than an mep . 
  so for example scotland is one eu constituency with six seats . 
  current polls indicate the following results : snp : 37 % labour : 28 % conservatives : 11 % ukip : 10 % lib dems : 7 % scottish greens : 6 % this translates into three seats for the snp , two for labour and one for the conservatives apparently . 
  i 'm unsure exactly how they work this out because the votes do not nicely divide into 6 portions . 
  the candidates at the top of the snp and labour lists are basically guaranteed a place in parliament . 
  only two seats are * really * being contested , which leads some people to consider this system quite undemocratic . 
  in the fptp system each mep is up to the personal scrutiny of his/her electorate . 
  he is clearly not a man of the people like your average hard-working man on the street [ david cameron . 
  ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2014/2/7/1391803765198/david-cameron-blames-last-009.jpg ), 
  why are they wrong an misguided ? 
  how are they erroneous ? 
  yes the eu is currently an intergovernmental organisation . 
  op is clearly saying more power has to be transferred to the people of the eu . 
  why is that erroneous ? 
  why not cut out the middle man ? 
  are our governments not supposed to represent their own people anyway ? 
  i think the power of the ep is widely exaggerated . 
  the ep is not a legislative body as long as it lacks legislative initiative , it is a supervisory body intended to give the ec some democratic accountability . 
  it can block legislation it does n't like , or remove certain eu officers ( including the commisioners ) it does n't like , but that 's it . 
  it does not run the eu and ca n't change its direction according to voters wishes . 
  the ec still holds all the real administrative power . 
  making the ep a true legislative branch is imo the most important reform the eu needs to make . 
  the eu does not have true democratic legitimacy until the ep has democratic legitimacy and hopefully the ability to appoint commissioners based on election results . 
  i think the problem is there is no real consensus on what the eu should be . 
  a peoples union or an intergovernmental organisation ? 
  edit : oh also , a correction . 
  though the ceu has one delegate per member state , not every delegate has equal voting power . 
  germany 's vote counts for many more points than malta 's . 
  that is n't the definition of a superpower though . 
  there is no clear definition of what comprises a superpower in political science . 
  that is just `` alices '' opinion . 
  personally i do n't believe the eu is superpower but your argument is flawed nonetheless . 
  a superpower can do both if it wants to . 
  why would it have to do any of those things ? 
  it is already undisputed among historians that it happened . 
  i do n't see why any international court would care whether turkey is going to admit it to it or not when deciding whether turkey should pay reparations . 
  since they have n't decreed that turkey should compensate armenia i doubt they ever will . 
  turkey should just accept that the genocide happened and then state that it disagrees that it should pay compensation for it . 
  meh , there is no problem of muslims enforcing islamic law . 
  regardless of what extreme or non-extreme opinions muslims may have , there are now 20 million of them in western europe and they 're not making any effort at political organisation anywhere . 
  lol this is sensationalist garbage . 
  these people - both sides - have such negligible presence in british society the issue is non-existent ( and no wonder , look at these people they 're laughable . 
  at one point the `` skinheads '' are driving around shouting `` no to burqas '' from a megaphone . ), 
  there is no `` quasi-religious turf war '' as vice says and `` radicalised muslim patrols enforcing shariah law in the capital '' is pure fantasy . 
  in what way is azerbaijan different ? 
  i know they 're historically muslims but present day azerbaijan is one of the most atheistic countries in the world . 
  most of the post-soviet countries are quite culturally similar as far as i can tell , which makes sense with all the social reforms moscow forced onto its people . 
  i find it weird that you would argue georgia is european but azerbaijan is not . 
  what problem does the average brit have with socialism and germans ? 
  the only people who would have problems with such a thing are those firmly against the eu already . 
  well azerbaijan * is * partially in europe in the geographic sense . 
  europe and asia are contrived continents though . 
  in what way are saudi and france more geographically and culturally separated than saudi and japan ? 
  azerbaijan is only in europe because we had to draw the line to define the geographic limitations of our non-geographically-existent continent . 
  europe would be better defined as a cultural region within the eurasian landmass imo . 
  azerbaijan is not that different from europe though . 
  though historically they have far more ties to the middle east , their culture was transformed under the soviet union and modern azeri 's are not much different from russians as far as i can tell . 
  a fair argument could be made that they are european . 
  azerbaijan has been spending a lot of its oil money trying to improve its global image . 
  they have bidded for the olympic games several times and spent a lot of money on eurovision eg . 
  so they probably bought it as part of this campaign , same reason qatar is hosting the world cup really . 
  i 'm more bothered by the flood of contentless `` dae hate putin '' type threads that now dominate the sub . 
  i think this sub was ok until the ukraine crisis started , and then it went downhill rapidly . 
  there has been almost continual russia-bashing since then , sometimes intelligent criticism and discussion but mostly insubstantial circlejerking . 
  he was being sarcastic i think , the uk is seen as being too eurosceptic and too close to the usa . 
  i never thought about what a weird tradition this is . 
  why would a circlejerk on an online forum make you think the eu is a bad idea ? 
  the eu always said that ukraine needed to have close economic ties both europe and russia to be prosperous . 
  it was the us , poland and - most of all - russia itself who made it into a contest . 
  reddit is honestly the worst source of information . 
  i do n't know why you are being downvoted . 
  russia can veto any un resolution . 
  so there really is no chance . 
  india is actually very close to russia . 
  in the cold war era they found each other natural allies as they both had problems with pakistan and china . 
  russia was one of the only countries that did not condemn/impede india 's nuclear weapon program . 
  today india imports 70 % of its arms from russia and singh listed moscow among india 's greatest allies . 
  probably russia 's only relevant ally . 
  though not even a reliable one since india also looks to the west to buy arms or deal with terrorism and china . 
  i do n't think people in ni are really very religious anyway . 
  they just identify with it insofar as religious and national identity are deeply intertwined . 
  it 's the same thing in scotland . 
  none of the sectarians are actually religious . 
  why do you think that a nationalist majority in ni will result in peace ? 
  if ni joined the south tomorrow there would certainly be violence . 
  see the riots that ensued just because belfast city hall decided not to fly its flag every day of the year . 
  the growth of ni 's catholic population is a demographic time bomb and possibly the greatest threat to peace in ni . 
  the comment sections on the bbc are actually very heavily moderated . 
  on some articles every single comment has to be approved .
