  during the debate about the euro politicians insisted we had to join not economists . 
  neither the imf , oecd , hm treasury , bank of england or ifs recommended joining the euro like they warn against leaving the eu . 
  closer . 
  far from alignment . 
  in the uk the population under 5 is 10 % muslim . 
  there are no magic funds that will appear if we leave the eu . 
  trade with the eu is 15 % of our gdp . 
  if it falls even fractionally then we lose more money than we gain . 
  because the uk 's astoundingly arrogant attitude to the eu `` renegotiation '' is bullshit . 
  as long as the uk government talks about `` renegotiating our membership '' instead of working with other europeans to reform the eu then it will never achieve anything . 
  the eu will not rework it 's fundamental principles just for us and it will not give us special privileges because that 's not how a union works . 
  ireland ? 
  should be having some of the strongest growth right now . 
  how does the eu `` enforce multiculturalism '' . 
  any western eu country could join hungary and poland in taking virtually no third world immigrants and the eu could do nothing about it . 
  it 's only real attempt to control non-eu immigration was with the asylum quotas and those failed completely . 
  the eu has absolutely no power to do either of those things . 
  member states in the northwest eu did it to themselves . 
  it seems kind of like a loaded survey when one of the options is  not all those who perished in 1915 were armenians and that the government should express its regret for all the ottoman citizens -- not just armenians -- who lost their lives . 
  who would not choose that option . 
  but that 's not true at all . 
  the fertility rate of second generation muslims in europe is only 0.4 more than non-muslims and falling . 
  it 's almost like everyone in europe is subject to the same economic realities even if there are large difference in culture . 
  it 's not enough to take the muslim population in germany from 4 % to 50 % in any realistic timeframe . 
  eurabianists also seem to ignore the fact that most people migrating to germany are non-muslims . 
  that alone makes it extremely difficult for muslims to become a majority . 
  i think you would increase taxes so that middle class people receiving ubi effectively are paying for it . 
  you would then scrap virtually all social welfare too . 
  what do you think would happen if the west stopped funding and associating with arab regimes ? 
  there is a line of thought that because the west `` supports '' certain middle eastern dictators then everything they do is the west 's fault , as if they are dependent on us and would collapse should that support be withdrawn . 
  they are perfectly capable of shitting all over their people not just without the west 's support but also when actively opposed by the entire outside world , as exemplified by khomeini and qaddafi . 
  the west could end it 's alliance with saudi arabia right now and the only difference would be that saudi arabia would have even less incentive to care about the west 's security . 
  that is not my argument . 
  my argument is that if the nazis won then there would be no slovakia since generalplan ost called for the extermination of 50 % of slovakians and the enslavement of the rest , along with 80 % of poles and russians and 100 % of gypsies , jews and whoever else the nazis decided were inferior . 
  you either have to be fucking stupid or delusional to think that communism is worse than that . 
  communists did not plot to exterminate half of europe . 
  huh in scotland it is claimed that kirkpatrick macmillan from dumfrieshire invented the bicycle . 
   only because of the humanitarian aid these numbers reversed and africa was turned into the continent with the fastest growing population . 
  that seems like a highly ungrounded and superfluous statement.and one with unreasonable conclusions anyway . 
  africa is not allowed to develop/receive humanitarian aid because we ca n't be bothered to secure our borders ? 
  if population growth is caused by humanitarian aid then why are african countries that are getting no aid/very little aid growing rapidly ? 
  angola gets virtually no aid at all and is the fifth fastest growing country in africa . 
  nigeria 's aid is only 0.5 % of gdp and their population will rise to one billion . 
  zimbabwe was in fact sanctioned by the west and yet continued growing regardless . 
  there is a population explosion in africa because of the inevitable spread of modern technology which will happen whether we give them aid or not . 
  they are experiencing the rapid growth that accompanied industrial development in 19th century europe and 20th century asia . 
  africa is the last continent in the world to begin this process . 
   men would not flee the conflict but start to actually fight for their nation to create a prosperous future for their wifes and children . 
  oh please , what a genuinely simple conclusion . 
  war is not so romantic as you seem to think . 
  if you lived in syria right now then who would you be fighting for ? 
  furthermore the fact that people in the middle east can not agree on what a `` better future '' actually * is * is the problem to begin with . 
  imho the jury voting was clearly less political than the televoting usually is . 
  there was very little presence of voting blocks in how the juries voted . 
  tbh i expect the reason poland and lithuania got so many televotes is mostly because of their immigrants everywhere . 
  / r/russia was definitely screaming russophobia ( but then again they 're always screaming russophobia ) . 
  idk the parody song was pretty great . 
  it 's occupation of the west bank is undoubtedly apartheid-like . 
  if you are an arab citizen of israel from haifa you have full rights . 
  but if you are an arab in the west bank you essentially have no legal rights at all whereas the new government subsidised israel settlers down the road have full israeli citizenship and unambiguous favour from the government . 
  the easy solution is eurobonds . 
  if all the excess debt in europe was converted into eurobonds - debts that are guaranteed by the entire eurozone not just italy/greece etc - credit would become so cheap that basically all struggling eurozone states would go into surplus immediately ( at least according to soryos and kruger ) . 
  it would n't cost germany anything except slightly higher borrowing costs ( and they 're in a surplus anyway ) . 
  they only have to pay if someone actually defaults on their eurobonds which is not likely . 
  italy , greece , spain etc would service their own debts they 'd just be doing it at manageable interest rates since there would be less risk for members . 
  if greece left the ez would it 's debts not still be held in euros ? 
  and therefore would n't devaluing their country in relation to the euro actually make things worse ? 
  no he is completely correct . 
  the commission does n't really have any real decision-making power . 
  it 's basically a civil service-like institution that implements the objectives of the european council . 
  it can also be removed by the council or parliament whenever they feel like doing so . 
  i think people find it difficult to deal with the fact there is no single decision maker in the eu people can point to so the ec 's power is greatly exaggerated . 
  the way the eu works is something like this . 
  * member states agree on objectives at the european council . 
  they submit these objectives to the comission . 
  * the comission , whose president is elected by parliament and whose members are selected by the member states , comes up with a technical plan about how to implement these objectives . 
  * the comission submits their proposals to parliament and the council of the eu ( diplomats that scrutinise legislation on behalf of the member states ) and they either approve it or reject it * if it is approved then the commission oversees it 's implementation , if it is not then they come up with a better proposal . 
  if the member states and parliament are completely unsatisfied with the european comission because it is not implementing their objectives they sack it . 
  so basically the member states make decisions , the comission administrates and the parliament holds to account . 
  my main problem with the system is that step one should be made by parliament not the european council . 
  it 's too late to abolish the euro . 
  i think it 's fairly likely it would cause another debt crisis as the interest rates in italy and spain would go up hugely . 
  possibly causing a default that would be catastrophic for all of europe . 
  some countries would not be better off going back to their unstable currencies anyway . 
  state intervention is probably the only way to fix the eurozones imbalances . 
  us-style labour mobility was never going to happen . 
  maybe if the member states adopted a procurement scheme that favoured the regions with low growth and high unemployment that would go some way to help . 
  or if the eu corporation tax ever happens then the rate could be reduced for certain regions to encourage investment . 
  or we could just go for good old fiscal transfers . 
  none of the options are that wonderful i admit . 
  it 's not double standards though because the eu has criticised the us about this . 
  the lockerbie bombing was not motivated by islamism . 
  10/10 argument . 
  i 'm not convinced by the idea the only way we can help refugees is by permanently resettling them in europe . 
  it is much cheaper to just sustain the refugees in the middle east . 
  setting them up in the eu is a waste of resources that could be more wisely spent . 
  we should n't accept refugees arriving from countries where they are already safe at all imho , except in a few extreme circumstances . 
  instead all developed countries should be giving more money to the un 's refugee relief . 
  about 17 % of children in the uk live in what the uk government calls relative poverty , which they define as a household earning less than 60 % of the national average . 
  children 's charities claim 25 % but i have no idea what definition they use .
