  the fire spreads faster than i would 've believed . 
  it gave me a completely new appreciation of `` stupid '' fire safety rules that 's for sure . 
  there 's been too many tragedies like this . 
  really ? 
  i 've lurked on / r/arabs for like 2 years and that 's not the impression i get at all . 
  it 's full of arab nationalist nasser fanboys who are diametrically opposed to political islam . 
  it 's nearly impossible to be 100 % sure someone is guilty . 
  even with the us ' rigorous and expensive legal procedures they still managed to execute at least 6 innocent people in the 90s . 
  we will never know many innocent people have actually been killed . 
  although there 's been tonnes of studies that suggest the overall rate of wrongful convictions in the us justice system is about 2-5 % . 
  and that is why we should never accept the death penalty or other extreme/unusual punishments . 
  because miscarriages of justice are more common than people like to pretend . 
  this is essentially how i feel hearing english people commenting on scottish independence . 
  please . 
  turkey currently has no prospect of joining the eu and that 's a position which exists largely because of merkel . 
  she and the cdu have opposed it for years and it was cdu and ump who killed any prospect of turkish membership while the governments of the uk , spain , scandinavia and italy wanted desperately to include them . 
  she will pay lip service to the prospect of their membership and throw a few bones like reduced visa restrictions in exchange for cooperation on the migrant crisis , because that 's how international politics works . 
  i do n't want to insult you but , it 's honestly amazing how gullible reddit is . 
  a few blogposts from reuters is all it takes for reddit 's confirmation bias to take control and make distortion hard fact . 
  what about czech republic ? 
  are they officially west european yet ? 
  i 'm most surprised by malta considering that they only legalised divorce in 2011 . 
  also hungary . 
  i always thought it was one of the most conservative countries in europe for some reason . 
  probably because fidesz and jobbik . 
  i think what makes china different from the ussr/usa is that they do n't have any ideological mission . 
  they are totally pragmatic and solely concerned with their own national interest . 
  i also think that because the us is willing to act as the world police china does n't have to . 
  the us basically guarantees a stable oil supply and open waterways by itself . 
  but i bet if they withdrew into themselves we 'd have a lot more assertive china . 
  edit : i just realised you were talking about china historically not in the present . 
  because then we 'd have to ban at least half of turkish users . 
  wow what the fuck is this victims complex . 
  it 's not `` anti-white '' or `` white guilt '' to point out that * europe is fucking connected to asia * and therefore not a distinct continent . 
  that 's all that 's being said here . 
  this is what happens when people form their entire worldview based on what they read online . 
  i think it 's more about how their government works . 
  switzerland has a unique system of government where instead of a president or prime minister they have a [ federal council ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_federal_council ) that performs his role . 
  the council is made up of 7 members and all the major political parties participate . 
  swiss elections do n't make a difference to government formation because all the parties are in an eternal coalition , the composition of which only occasionally changes . 
  that 's an interesting thought . 
  what if japan owned alaska and thus did n't bomb pearl harbour so it could invade the dutch east indies for oil ? 
  and then the us never entered the war ? 
  and europe was overrun by communism ? 
  probably not a likely chain of events . 
  may be that japan would have attacked anyway , or that the us would have entered the war for other reasons . 
  funny how russia not selling alaska has the potential to change everything though . 
  the eea is basically not different from what we have now imho . 
  i 'm not accusing you of making this argument , but i hate the demand i constantly hear in the uk that goes `` why ca n't we just have the single market not a political union ??? '' . 
  all the things british people hate about the eu are a result of having a single market , not whatever this `` political union '' bogeyman is . 
  i refer to `` foreign laws '' ( ie common regulations '' , uncontrolled regulation ( free movement of labour ) , fiscal transfers to weaker member states etc. 
  norway , switzerland and iceland have all these things despite not being part of the `` political union '' . 
  beyond the single market all that 's left is cap , fishing , the common security policy and the customs union . 
  i find it depressing that people need to ask `` is italy/spain in europe '' and `` is france a country '' . 
  i 'm more worried about the people who inevitably are murdered in miscarriages of justice in every country where capital punishment takes place . 
  i used to support capital punishment myself , and now i do n't . 
  because i realised the fundamental question is n't `` are certan people so inhuame they deserve to die '' . 
  the fundamental question is `` is punishing these people worth the cost in money and innocent human life ? '' . 
  and the answer is obviously no . 
  it 's just ridiculous and pathetic how you think a country having an official position on a moral issue = trying to dictate how you run your country . 
  especially from an * american * . 
  the american people have for decades clearly regarded themselves as the moral authority for the entire world and the us participates in this kind of admonishment basically every day . 
  it costs way , way more to executed someone than put them in prison for their entire life . 
  there is no point in capital punishment . 
  it does n't actually deter crime , it 's expensive and inevitably results in devastating , unacceptable miscarriages of injustice . 
  and for what ? 
  so we can feel better about ourselves because we took revenge on a scumbag ? 
  furthermore i think it runs totally against the fabric of liberal democracy . 
  who lives and who dies is not a power any arm of the state should have . 
   it 's just some unreasonable form of revenge inside people 's heads . 
  this is exactly it . 
  to be honest i used to support capital punishment but the reason i do n't anymore is that i came to realise what a selfish point of view it is . 
  it 's all about the supporters desire for vindication , not a genuine belief in a more just society . 
  there is no evidence that capital punishment deters crime and there is lots of evidence that we ca n't be 100 % certain all people sentenced are guilty ( which is a huge issue that should be a dealbreaker for anyone reasonable ) . 
  the legal process is ridiculously expensive as well . 
  so it 's my opinion now that there is no positive case for capital punishment at all . 
  even though some people clearly deserve to die . 
  the eu de facto already has three tiers . 
  ez members , eu members and eea members . 
  a multi-speed europe is already a reality and the eu really ought to just codify it to avoid the needless complexity we have now . 
  that 's the exact opposite of my perspective . 
  international agreements without a political body means diplomats in shady , smoke filled rooms making decisions that affect all our lives without any accountability or oversight . 
  it 's inherently anti-democratic and actually is what i hate about the eu . 
  i want to see the elected political institutions have * more * power and the diplomats have less . 
  national parliaments are no longer capable of dealing with many issues on their own , because we live in an era of global trade , finance , conflict , migration and environmental concern . 
  and so we 've lost a lot of our ability to influence our own lives . 
  the european parliament represents an opportunity for europeans to retake the power they 've lost to global forces . 
  we need an elected institution that has the mandate to make international-scale decisions in a way that 's more open and democratic than the system of backroom deals we have now . 
  unfortunately this is not what we have now . 
  the ep merely provides oversight while the council makes all the important decisions . 
  but i 'll still take this over complete unaccountability . 
  for good reason . 
  as long as scotland has it 's budget determined by english spending then scottish mps should be able to vote on them . 
  evel means english mps have total power over the scottish budget and i do n't see how you can think that is remotely reasonable . 
  i agree it 's bullshit but the obvious solution is to let scotland raise it 's own taxes * which is what the scottish voters want * , not evel as it stands . 
   they scrapped tuition fees in their own country , they vote for tuition fees in england and wales . 
  this is not true . 
  the snp has consistently opposed tuition fees across the uk . 
  scottish labour also gets a bit of an excessively bad rep for this . 
  what they did was pretty shit but they were n't deviously imposing fees on the english while protecting their own like the narrative goes .
