  there are also lots of people whose stance on immigration is purely emotional , ie they do n't want foreigners in their country . 
  edit : nice comment history , you 've got quite an obsession . 
  are these things actually on the agenda/being debated at parliament ? 
  ( directly elected eu commissioner , pan-european referendums , european army etc ) ? 
  if so i 'm impressed . 
  i thought all those things were way off . 
  while i doubt the russian 93 % figure , it 's not fair to compare it with a poll from may last year . 
  opinion * will * have changed in russia 's favor due to the revolution to some degree . 
  it 's not just crimea though . 
  they are currently occupying georgian and moldovan territory as well . 
  as things currently are i do n't think they 'll go after any of these other countries on he map because they are either nato members or within the russian sphere of influence . 
  you ca n't say they have n't set a precedent though . 
  if there is a revolution against the pro-russian state in belarus or kazakhstan it 's not improbable that russia would invade . 
  this really is a myth though . 
  the eu has a * much * larger military and defence budget than russia or anybody else besides the us . 
  it can afford to spend a low % of its gdp on the military because it 's gdp is * just so huge * . 
  the eu can hold its own assuming its members can cooperate properly . 
  well to be fair he said it would excellent for the exports industry , which it will . 
  it 's just that russia does n't have much of an export industry other than oil and gas . 
  the bbc has been pretty even-handed in its coverage of ukraine imo . 
  factual and non-emotive as always . 
  i think you misread or something . 
  i do n't know how stating there are non-american media outlets could possibly be interpreted as `` american and australian media are indistinguishable '', 
  russia also refuses to recognise kosovo because its secession was illegal yet supports the existance of south ossetia , transnistria and abkhazia . 
  it 's all just double standards . 
  although kosovan independence was not * quite * the same as this . 
  kosovo made the decision to separate itself . 
  in this case russia is occupying ukrainian land and forcing this referendum in order to create a puppet state ( like the aforementioned de-facto states ) or annex the land outright . 
  if this referendum was brought up by the crimean government without russian involvement there would n't be a big issue . 
  they are an actual party but are in a longstanding alliance with the greens . 
  i will also be voting efa i think . 
  i find it amazing that 80 % of people gave an opinion on this . 
  probably less than 50 % of brits could describe the basics of how the eu works and less than 70 % name barosso . 
  i 'm being generous with those numbers imo . 
  i do n't understand your point, 
   a crime show about interpol that actually sounds really interesting . 
  would watch . 
  nato actually does n't accept countries with ongoing border conflicts so in some ways this permanently excludes ukraine from nato, 
  yesterday there was an article which argued exactly this and you stated it was a `` garbled political view from across the atlantic '' : /, 
  you seem to be one of those americans that confuses `` ally '' with `` puppet state that will do everything and anything we want exactly when we want it '' that appears on news websites every now and again . 
  title is sensationalist . 
  they 've been release on bail , trial is ongoing . 
  also , suspected not convicted murderers . 
  like siicoldu said though , wtf justifies a seven year murder trial . 
  imagine if they were innocent and had been held in prison for 7 years . 
  it does give you a list of words you need to learn under `` vocabulary '' and tells you how long since you last practiced them . 
  unless you mean , it does n't let me choose the words you want to learn , which is correct . 
  why should it matter if it becomes commercial ? 
  really , ukraine and the west have already one . 
  putin may get crimea but he lost everything else . 
  the bosphorus and dardanelles straits maybe ? 
  the snp are a different class of political party . 
  imo they are a vastly superior political party . 
  the snp have a vision for scotland . 
  it does n't matter that the majority of scots do n't believe in it , they do and they are genuinely passionate about it . 
  what does labour believe in ? 
  only their own desire to rule it seems . 
  they lack integrity and have made a joke of democracy by supporting iraq eg . 
  i feel the snp have mostly stuck to their principles imo . 
  salmond will trump any superficial , uninspiring , conniving , london dwelling oxford graduate time and time again and cameron knows it , it 's why he has consistently ignored alex salmonds requests for a debate on independence . 
  in short , the snp have an ability to inspire people other parties can not match . 
  i think when the independence debate has been put on hold for another 20 years or so the snp 's prominence will increase not be diminished as i heard some english political commentators argue . 
  they will switch the debate from independence to increased devolution , something which according to opinion polls is supported by as much as 70-80 % of scotland . 
  ukip 's official policy in regards to scotland is that the scottish parliament should be abolished , so there 's that . 
  you 're making some serious leaps here , dude . 
  the snp has stated this is a once in a generation decision . 
  they want to avoid a `` neverendum '' like quebec where the threat of secession is constantly hanging since such uncertainty is not good for the economy . 
  i think the snp will stick around for a long time though . 
  they are a competent and pragmatic party with popular policies and an army of devoted supporters . 
  we 'll see this vote happen again in another 20 or 30 years . 
  yes . 
  i 've never heard anybody claim that those countries are democracies ( mostly due to extensive vote rigging , intimidation and corruption though rather than the presence of us forces ) . 
  i think they will do nothing . 
  in this sub russia is constantly denigrated for its delusions of grandeur but the fact remains russia * is * a major world power . 
  the us and uk need to keep up a somewhat amiable relationship russia on side to maintain global stability . 
  for example russia is crucial to negotiations with iran . 
  russia 's gas is also important . 
  people on this sub have been suggesting a boycott of russian gas but this is impossible and would harm europe far more than russia . 
  the last oil crisis caused 10 years of economic `` stagflation '' and the economy is hardly healthy as it is . 
  defaulting is always a terrible idea regardless of who you 're trading with . 
  if ukraine defaults on russia 's debts business people and corporations everywhere will think `` what if they do the same with our money ? '' . 
  nobody will trust ukraine enough to invest money in it for years . 
  the few willing to take the risk will demand extremely high interest rates . 
  defaulting on its debts would be utterly stupid and hurt russia much more than the us . 
  not denying that russian gas dependence is a problem in eastern europe and very relevant to the current situation , but that map mostly just shows that gas is cheaper in poorer countries which is a no-brainer . 
  i do n't agree with new-atlantis , but that 's * not * what he 's saying . 
  seems very early to say that . 
  i 'm quite interested to see how the crisis in ukraine might affect syria . 
  perhaps the eu will step-up its efforts to unseat the pro-russian regime there or else use its ability to do so as a bargaining chip for some kind of concessions . 
  or maybe the west will try not to extend the crisis to the middle east lest russia decides to pull its support for sanctions on iran . 
  an eu army would be massive even with the 1.7 % because it 's economy is huge . 
  i understand it 's well within their power to demand this , but it would be really fucking stupid if the commission made scotland join schengen instead of the common travel area . 
  `` democracy '', 
  but if it 's the same throughout all regions then support in western ukraine is stronger among the old . 
  this title is a bit misleading . 
  scotland does not have the power to offer asylum , they are simply petitioning london to take gay refugees from uganda . 
  i 'm not really sure how asylum for homosexuals works though . 
  how can we prove that someone is gay ? 
  edit : op your post history is ... * interesting * . 
  what agenda do you have posting this ?
