   he even got 16/17 year olds to vote ( and since youth are naive and easily affected they voted overwhelmingly for ` yes ' ) . 
  no they did n't it 's quite annoying hearing this over and over again . 
  it 's an assumption based on nothing . 
  the age groups that voted yes were the thatcher generation and students . 
  16 and 17 year olds voted no by a significant margin . 
  i wonder if all these spaniards would still oppose self-determination if france had won the war of the spanish succession and today spain was ruled from paris . 
  presstv ( iranian propaganda channel ) is alleging vote rigging as well . 
  i would n't say that he 's `` a rather unpopular figure '' . 
  he 's quite smug and arrogant and often full of shit , and obviously he 's unpopular with many people who have a strong emotional opposition to indepednence . 
  however he still has an approval rating of 57 % which is quite high for this day and age . 
  ( cameron , milliband and clegg are sitting at 28 % , 27 % and 13 % respectively ) his policies besides independence are quite popular and his party benefits from being the only one in scotland that is n't `` part of the establishment '' and is seen as offering something different . 
  also strongly disagree with `` the relatively large support for the yes movement was in spite of him , not because of him '' the snp is where it is today largely because of alex salmond and i think few would dispute he 's been incredibly successful as a politician . 
  the no campaign just narrowly took eilean siar , a majority gaelic-speaking region . 
  53 % no , 47 % yes that looks like a really bad sign for yes, 
  the general story is real . 
  william wallace fought for scottish independence after it had been occupied by england following a succession crisis in 1296 . 
  his rebellion probably began with the murder of the sheriff of lanark who was implicit in the rape/murder of his wife . 
  he fought one battle , won spectacularly , fought another and lost everything , then later got captured hung , drawn and quartered for his treason . 
  all the details are false . 
  the timescale was different . 
  and wallace most definitely never met isabella of france who was a child at the time . 
  he was n't betrayed by robert the bruce . 
  personally i think the real story was more interesting though . 
  william wallace 's rebellion was only one important part of a complicated 80 year war which mostly pitted powerful scottish families against one another in the context of an english invasion and succession crisis . 
   however , you 're not allowed to criticise antisemitism when it 's coming from a muslim , or you 're a nazi . 
  lol according to whom . 
  the fringe left that make up about 5 % of the population ? 
  scotland does n't even have the requirements to join the euro right now . 
  our debt is too high and our deficit too large . 
  also joining the eurozone requires pegging your currency to the euro for 2 years before adopting the euro . 
  in short nobody can really be `` forced '' to join the euro because they ca n't be forced to meet the requirements . 
  thus half of the eu is not making any move to join the ez despite pledging such . 
  not all opinions are worth respecting . 
  conspiracy theories are dangerous delusions often tailored to fit the narrative or worldview of the believer . 
  conspiracy theories are not the same as skepticism and saying so is blatantly ridiculous . 
  skeptics are people who question things and seek rational answers . 
  conspiracy theorists are people who dismiss all evidence - often conclusive evidence - as falsified by `` them '' in order to support an alternative narrative that has no , or extremely little , evidence to support it . 
  in other words skepticism is thinking that you 've always been told 6 million jews died in the holocaust but have never seen the evidence for yourself . 
  it only becomes a conspiracy theory once you dismiss the * enormous * numbers of personal accounts , written records and other evidence that support the obvious fact the holocaust happened as being fabricated by the repitlian zionist iluminati freemason cia . 
  unsurprisingly , historians are in complete that there is no doubt whatsoever that the holocaust really happened . 
  it is better attested than almost anything else in history . 
  meanwhile holocaust deniers are largely neo-nazis , white supremacists and hardcore islamists whose narratives benefit from the conspiracy theory . 
  this is correct unfortunately . 
  if things go to the gutter after independence it will be blamed on the terms of separation negotiated post-referendum . 
  i agree with this 100 % . 
  before europeans can accept handing any more powers to the eu there needs to be major political reform that makes the eu simpler , more democratic and more transparent . 
  lol . 
  ignoring the completely wrong facts , i 'm actually genuinely surprised you got offended that i compared scotland to greece . 
  you deny that greece has been in a state of economic crisis that was brought on mostly by mismanagement ? 
  greece is not burkina faso that 's true , but it 's an example of a country where the government has made idiotic decision and the people have paid for it with an economy that has shrunk 20-25 % in recent years and unemployment is at completely unreasonable levels . 
  forgive me if i do n't want that scotland . 
  i 'm actually not that worried about the long term economic viability of an independent scotland . 
  most academic and business opinion seems to be that in the long term scotland will not be worse off ( or better off ) than it is now . 
  there will obviously be short term economic problems because of the uncertainty independence would cause , but i 'm willing to forego that in order to get a better government . 
  what ** does ** worry me is some of the blatantly stupid nationalist rhetoric . 
  '' * when we 're independent , the first thing we 'll do is demand england underwrites all our debt in a currency union !, 
  if it does n't , we 'll just default !, 
  '' * that is such a frightening demonstration of fiscal irresponsibility that it makes me suspect the snp would turn scotland into greece before 2020 . 
  this is what 's preventing me from voting yes even though i want to . 
  the thing is that stand life 's imminent departure from scotland is the 1997 referendum passed was also a fact . 
  yet standard life is still here . 
  not saying that rbs is lying . 
  independence will have a much greater impact on rbs than devolution . 
  but there is cause to doubt . 
  the problem is that scottish nationalists think the media , business and political establishment are all conspiring against the yes campaign and do n't trust anything they say . 
  that may sound totally ridiculous but there is a reason people believe this . 
  warnings of imminent economic doom were given by rbs , bp , standard life etc in 1997 . 
  for example standard life even said it would move it 's offices to london . 
  that referendum was passed and guess what , economic apocalypse did n't occur and standard life is still here . 
  obviously independence is a different kettle of fish . 
  maybe the threats are sincere this time . 
  but maybe they are not . 
  the nationalists certainly want people to believe the latter . 
  we have been having the debate on scottish independence since the 1970s and there have been so many empty threats and false promises made in that time that it 's left scottish nationalists with feelings of extreme suspicion and distrust towards the establishment . 
  `` scottish oil will run out by 2000 !, 
  '' , `` vote no in this referendum and we 'll totally give you some better devolution and not the poll tax i swear !, 
  '' , `` the mccrone report ? 
  we seem to have misplaced that ... in a shredder '' , `` vote for devolution and we will move our entire banking industry to london ! '' . 
  this is why when salmond dismisses absolutely everything as scaremongering or dishonesty numerous people actually agree with him , to the astonishment of outsiders, 
  i believe that online poll was completely unrepresentative since anyone anywhere could ( and did ) vote whether they were venetian or not . 
  the deputy first minister of ni already said yesterday that if further devolution was on the table for scotland then he would petition for more powers as well . 
  a no vote from scotland might actually initiate an even stronger debate than a yes vote . 
  he backs the conservatives in england , so it 's therefore thought he supports the snp because only they can challenge 50 years of labour wins in scottish general elections . 
  but more likely the scottish sun has just decided it wants to sell to snp voters since arguably the snp is arguably the most popular party at the moment . 
  contraty to popular beliefe i believe the media 's bias is not because of media emperors trying to manipulate people to their own ideals - it 's because they make money by writing what their target demographic wants to hear . 
  i hate to crush your dreams but it would only take a 1 % swing in england to correct that . 
  if the scottish electorate could influence the country there would n't be a referendum in the first place . 
   most laws are decided in brussels anyway this is n't really true . 
  20-30 % of uk laws are made in brussels . 
  the 70 % figure is based on `` ukip estimates '' ( lol ) . 
  brussels has little power over any of the important things . 
  defence , foreign affairs , intelligence , non-eu immigration , taxes , social security , police , energy , education or healthcare in scotland the devolved parliament controls the last four plus agriculture , transport and the environment and it does n't even have the power to collect money to fund the policies it wants . 
  so yeah , it would be quite a big change . 
  the currency debate is pretty retarded imho . 
  adopting a new currency is not that big a deal , people should n't be intimidated by it . 
  most of europe has done it in the past 20 years . 
  a new currency is definitely preferable to the `` sterlingisation '' which salmond is obsessed with . 
  and as for continuing to insist there will be a currency union even when all of the westminster parties rejected one . . 
  in scotland i reckon it 's dundee though we make fun of glasgow a lot too, 
  yeah , you 're talking about the shetlands and orkneys .
