  communists are very popular in our society . 
   no manufacturing industry at all ireland is literally the biggest manufacturer of pharmaceuticals and medical technologies in the world . 
  bigger even than the united states . 
  it 's surely because scotland was never ruled by the normans , even if they did have a lot of influence here . 
  the historical use of latin in roman times is indicated by a separate colour . 
  the gun culture of israel , france , switzerland etc is so different though . 
  people keep a dusty rifle in a cabinet somewhere in their house because the army requires them to own it or for occasionally hunting with . 
  it 's not like the us where you have arguments about concealed carry and sell guns at supermarkets . 
  well something is clearly wrong with the us . 
  the rates of violent crime in the us are ridiculous . 
  even the poorest , most corrupt , mafia ridden eu member states tend to have lower violent crime than the most white , prosperous , rural us state . 
  imo it ; s obvious that more weapons means more people using weapons . 
  the `` lack of correlation '' is caused by people showing a complete lack of critical thinking and comparing states without accounting for other variables . 
  you ca n't compare rural red states to ethnically segregated , metropolitan , blue states and conclude that quintupling the number of firearms available has no affect on crime . 
  but when you do compare similar cities like london and new york , the difference is extremely damning . 
  french labour protections are obviously oversized when france has by far the worst unemployment , underemployment and temporary employment ratios in northwestern europe . 
  the french labour law has failed in basically every way . 
  he 's retarded anyway because the un also created palestine , and does n't recognise the current de facto borders of israel . 
  jews only became a majority in israel a few years before israel declared independence . 
  in 1918 ( before the british started allowing zionist settlers ) jews were less than 5 % of the population in what is now israel . 
   plus , after the ww2 they did n't invade palestine , they moved there , because they were n't wanted in europe what 's the difference . 
  they went there explicitly to create a jewish at the expense of the native arabs . 
   mfw you think the palestinian authority actually has the resources to build an economy the pa controls only 40 % of the west bank which is divided into more than 60 non-contiguous territories separated by land which palestinians are restricted from travelling through . 
  because of that one crazy time when they became an islamist theocracy under sharia law , declared us to be satan , invaded the american embassy and held american citizens hostage for a year ( it 's a museum against american imperialism now ) , issued fatwas calling for the murder of british citizens for blasphemy ( leading to the death of dozens ) , called for the downfall of all other muslim states in favour of a single theocratic republic ( leading to an 8 year war with iraq that killed one million people ) and orchestrated the creation of a dozen different proxy organisations that were not only responsible for the murder of hundreds of westerners ( us barracks bombings , french embassy bombing etc ) but also created islamic terrorism as we know it today ( they were the first to use suicide bombings - encouraged by iranian fatwas ) and continued to attack western troops and occasionally western civilians through the iraq war and up until today . 
  also after all that they want us to let them build weapons capable of destroying the world . 
  other than the above i 'm not sure why we are n't allies with iran . 
  it 's a mystery . 
  please . 
  islamic terrorism as we know it originated almost entirely out of iran . 
  sunni groups started using it during/after the first intifada but the first suicide bombers were all iranian proxies encouraged by the fatwas of iran 's ayatollahs . 
  shia muslims were the original suicide bombers though . 
  in sunni islam suicide is extremely haram . 
  but in shia islam martyrdom is revered because of the martyrdom of ali and husayn . 
  it was the ayatollah 's of iran who issued fatwas encouraging young iranians to martyr themselves in defence of the revolution , during the iran-iraq war . 
  it was iranian/syrian proxies such as hezbollah who first used suicide bombings long before hamas or al qaeda adopted their tactics . 
  iran created islamic terrorism as we know it today . 
  all groups in bosnia are slavs . 
  except gypsies who are like , 0.1 % of the population . 
  t 's obviously a joke as anyone without severe autism would be able to tell . 
  there is little doubt that both the armenians and ottoman forces engaged in wholesale massacres including mass burnings . 
  there are endless primary sources with regards to both . 
  i 've noticed this as well . 
  when someone has their political position or even their national identity in their username you know they 're going to be retarded 99/100 times . 
  it was only 38 % of the people who agreed `` russia is defending european values '' ( 27 % ) . 
  so 10.3 % of all respondents . 
  the assasination of lee rigby was called a terrorist attack here so imo the assasination of jo cox should also count . 
  i doubt it 's actually a motivating factor . 
  polls show most people want nationalisation but not many of them would really benefit from nationalised train and mail services . 
  i think people who were already going to vote labour are mostly motivated by reversing the cuts to benefits and public services the tories have made . 
  especially to the nhs which is an indescribably terrible state . 
  the labour surge of the past week is probably caused by the tories abandoning the `` triple lock '' policy ( which guarantees constantly increasing pensions ) and other free goodies for pensioners ( free money for fuel , free social care even if you are quite wealthy ) . 
  these policies have been known to be unsustainable for a long time ( pensioners are the only people who 've seen their incomes rise since the crash - 10 % for them vs 0 % for everyone else , and every year the retired segment of the population gets bigger ) but all parties supported them because elderly people vote . 
  the tories now have such a huge lead over labour they 've decided it 's safe to axe them . 
  the lack of other options does n't somehow make austerity succesful . 
  frankly i believe this can only end with default or debt relief . 
  greece can not cut it 's way to paying off 180 % of gdp in debt . 
  it 's just not possible . 
  people are evading taxes because the tax rates are absurd . 
  at 40,000 euros you start paying 45 % of your income tax and 24.65 % social security contributions giving a total taxrate of 69.65 % ( before other taxes ) . 
  this is because the cost of what 's left of the greek state + refinancing all that debt is more than half of gdp . 
  yet so many people are unemployed/moved abroad/avoiding tax that there is barely anyone left to pay that . 
  greece is just unbelievably fucked . 
  it has to default or preferably the eu has to work more constructively to fix it 's problems , instead of burning it to the ground for political expediency . 
  this did n't actually play a very big role in the brexit debate . 
  firstly because we actually export a lot of services , so our trade deficit is not that bad . 
  secondly we do n't have the obsession with trade deficits and surpluses here . 
  we 've had a huge trade deficit for decades and it has n't harmed our economy . 
  indeed we are doing much better than most major economies that do have trade surpluses ( italy , japan , spain ) . 
  the uk is strpongly pro-economic-globalisation and in fact the leave campaign argued that the eu was holding us back by preventing us from trading with the rest of the world . 
  well the uk is a massive exporter of services due to the city of london basically being the financial hub for all of europe . 
  it significantly changes our balance of trade with europe . 
  i think romania also exports a lot of it services . 
  the quotas are long dead . 
  it 's been 2 years since the initial proposal and i do n't think even one country besides germany and sweden took their `` share '' . 
  they 're just milking it like the hungarian guy said . 
  why do people obsess about the small minorities ? 
  how many people are actually anarchists ? 
  probably 0.1 % of the population . 
  they 're not even new either , if anything the extreme left is far smaller than it was in the cold war era . 
  i 'm pretty bored of how all the people at the fringes present false dichotomies and argue against caricatures of their opposition . 
  whenever i go onto any right-wing forum all i see is nonsense like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/69oa1v/isnt_the_b_in_lgbt_offensive_because_it_only/dh86r95/ ) and every left-wing forum is just people moaning about `` facists '' and `` nazis '' . 
  and even on for example / r/anarcho _ capitalism half the posts are about communists . 
  at the end of the day what is the total sum of radical feminists , anti-fascists , white supremacists , neo-nazis , anarcho-capitalists and communists combined in society ? 
  they 're all irrelevant and all their squabbling with each other is just a distraction from the real politics taking place . 
  they 're like little children bickering about whether we should have chocolate or ice cream for dinner when their parents have already decided they 're having roast beef . 
  blair introduced a lot of economically left wing policies though . 
  he increased taxes , increased social spending ( by introducing tax credits ) and introduced a minimum wage . 
  relative poverty was significantly reduced and average wages increased by 18 % during his tenure . 
  he also hugely expanded public services which the tories had gutted by 97 . 
  he did n't go full socialist like the hard left wants but he was clearly centre-left . 
  i do n't think having a national identity and being a nationalist are the same thing . 
  or even close really . 
  it 's a testament to the absolute stupidity of their supporters that pis and orban were able to frame everyone who opposes them as somehow pro-migrant quotas . 
  * oh you do n't like how we 're taking control of public broadcasting , politicising the civil service , neutering the judiciary , passing budgets in complete secrecy , burying judicial reviews we do n't like and calling all our opponents traitors who want to destroy poland ? 
  why do want polish women to be raped by syrian immigrants ???? 
  * migrant quotas are n't even a thing anymore . 
  even the original , modest proposal has been dead for years . 
  how long will the denser segment of polish society allow them to milk this ? 
  do n't the french legislatives also use a two-round system ? 
  i think en marche will likely win many runoff votes as the centrist party .
