  the comment section on the bbc is always horrifying . 
  your statement does n't have any grounding in reality . 
  all the numbers show that east europeans contribute * far * more to western economies than they take out in benefits . 
  the benefit stealing immigrants is a myth perpetuated by tabloids citing anecdotal evidence ( a polish person somewhere is claiming benefits !, 
  let 's reflect on how all immigrants are such a drain on society ) . 
  what immigrants * do * do is compete for work/housing and drive down wages in specific employment sectors , eg construction . 
  whether the macro or micro economic condition of the country is more important and which will lead to the best standard of living is up for debate and depends on your own values . 
  to think about what democratic changes are necessary you have to ask what the eu is and should be : an independent entity accountable to the european people or an intergovernmental organisation accountable to the member states ? 
  currently it 's pretty clearly for the latter . 
  all the eus most important decisions are made by the european council while the council of the eu can block any decisions made by the european parliament and commission . 
  personally i think that the eu is undemocratic because of this , not because of the weakness of parliament . 
  the parliament and commission are ok imo . 
  the lack of legislative initiative for parliament is the main problem . 
  the others are the lack of leadership and the failure of the ec to properly communicate itself resulting in a perceived/real lack of transparency . 
  i think the eu needs to become less an intergovernmental union and more of a peoples union . 
  our national governments are middle-men between us and them which we have no need for . 
  the changes i would like to see in the eu ( in regards to democratic reform ) : 1 ) pan-european parties should run their own campaigns on european issues and their own names should appear on the ballot box . 
  2 ) each should elect a candidate for commission presidency via primaries before the elections . 
  i 'd like there to be televised debates etc to raise their profile but maybe language would be an issue . 
  3 ) the european council should not get a say in who the ec president should be . 
  this should be left entirely to the people . 
  4 ) the commission should be downsized , 27 members and counting is too much . 
  the commissioners can either be appointed by the president or elected by parliament ( see the swiss federal council ) i 'm not sure . 
  5 ) the council of the european union should be reformed the way the americans reformed the senate . 
  the people of each member state should elect their own representatives rather than have one chosen by the state . 
  6 ) the european parliament and council of the eu should have legislative initiative . 
  7 ) the commission should be responsible for appointing judges and other officers with the approval of the ep , as in the united states . 
  8 ) the eu should consolidate its treaties into one constitution . 
  the ec and ep should be able to hold referendums when it desires and be required to hold a referendum to change the constitution . 
  9 ) the double majority rule used in switzerland should be used for eu referendums : a majority of europeans in a majority of members states must vote the affirmative for the law to pass . 
  maybe even 2/3 or more of member states for integration issues . 
  10 ) the posts president of the ec and president of the european council should be held by one person . 
  this is because these changes would severely weaken the council and because i feel the eu lacks leadership . 
  11 ) finally , the eu needs to communicate itself better . 
  i do n't know how this could be done though , maybe someone else has an idea . 
  they only just realised ? 
  i disagree . 
  a yes vote is absolutely possible . 
  current polls indicate a 45-55 split in the favour of `` no '' which is a very small margin . 
  foreigners do n't really understand the political atmosphere in scotland right now . 
  i feel that a ( non-overwhelming ) majority of scots would like to see scotland independent , but are worried about the economic and political risk that independence is . 
  this is totally reasonable and the reason i am not yet sure what i will vote yet . 
  i do n't think we will know what will happen until the last few weeks of the campaign ( which has n't even begun yet ) as the undecideds make up their minds . 
  remember that when the snp came to power in 2011 the polls for months showed a consistent labour lead and then in the last few weeks of campaigning there was a dramatic surge in snp support and labour actually lost seats . 
  there are plenty of factors working in the yes campaigns favour . 
  for a start the yes voters are a lot more convinced . 
  opinion polls rarely take into account whether one actually is likely to vote . 
  yes voters are more likely to turn up on the day and less likely to change their vote . 
  the effect of the commonwealth games should be taken into account . 
  the lowest polled support for independence since 1997 was during the olympic games when british pride was high . 
  in 2014 scotland hosts the commonwealth games immediately before the vote and this will likely have a similar effect in favour of `` yes '' . 
  also a strong performance by the right in the eu elections may influence the vote . 
  and there is plenty of time for a gaffe on either side of the campaign . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** the independence campaign has n't failed yet . 
  it has n't even begun . 
  i 'm possibly really bias as a scot but i would actually argue that edinburgh is the second city in the uk . 
  it 's pretty small compared to some other cities in the uk but it has a lot of things going for it . 
  it 's the fifth financial centre of europe , making it the second richest city in the uk . 
  it 's a major cultural , historical and touristic centre and home to plenty of prestigious institutions especially edinburgh university . 
  as capital of scotland i 'd say it has more political clout than any city other than london . 
  for a small city edinburgh punches well above its weight in terms of economic , political and cultural influence as well as general prestige . 
  i do n't think people really understand the point in wealth redistribution in the eu . 
  the point is not to bail out eastern nations and get them up to west eu standards , it 's to compensate for the massive trade imbalance that naturally results from the single market . 
  there is absolutely no way that polish or portuguese industry can compete with german industry and local business is largely run into the ground while germany rakes it in . 
  if there was no redistribution of the wealth southern and eastern countries would be getting a very bad deal from the single market . 
  does anyone know why denmark keeps nato membership but has an opt-out of the eu 's security and defence policy ? 
  does n't seem to make a lot of sense . 
  is there really strong opposition to catalan independence among the spanish public ? 
  everyone in england seems to support scotland 's right to self-determination . 
  i find his stance on this infuriatingly hypocritical . 
  he is always so eager to defend cuba , venezuela and nicaragua in their right to pursue a pro-russian foreign policy . 
  yet somehow russia 's neighbour 's adopting a pro-american policy should not be allowed . 
  he is literally saying that the former eastern bloc should not have been allowed to join nato just because russia said no . 
  probably wo n't be in a long time . 
  afaik labour and the lib dems do n't want a referendum . 
  the snp does n't want one unless ridiculous conditions are attached . 
  so for a referendum bill to be passed in the next parliament one of these things must happen : * the snp needs to be acquiesced . 
  this would make the whole thing a sham imo . 
  * the tories/ukip must win more than half the seats in parliament ( extremely unlikely ) * labour must change it 's position . 
  not totally unlikely given their policy gymnastics on scottish devolution when pressed by the snp . 
  ukip could achieve the same effect if they started taking a lot of labour votes . 
  in scotland milliband is now completely absent . 
  labour obviously fears that making an english , oxford educated , westminster career politician the face of their party will play into snp hands , so they communicate with us through a series of scottish puppets who are possibly even worse . 
  i remember following the 2008 georgia war i watched an american commentator talk about how putin had an expansionist agenda and that south ossetia was just one of several regions he wanted to reincorporate into russia . 
  at the top of this list was ukraine . 
  and i thought please , territory wars in europe ? 
  this will never happen . 
  also defeating france 2-1 at football was a big thing at the time . 
  our football team is shit . 
  i do n't know how you can think this is anything but a massive clusterfuck . 
  other than arguments about whether catalonia should be able to secede , by making it clear they do n't even respect catalonia 's will they allowed nationalism to rise exponentially and paved the way for this extremely messy scenario where catalonia may be about to declare independence unilaterally and without a clear mandate to do so . 
  pp 's handling of this could really hurt spain . 
  why do you and tigrenzo both automatically assume that everyone is desperate to maintain their territorial integrity by force ? 
  it 's a matter of democracy and self-determination . 
  if eilean siar , the northern isles and the borders decide to secede from scotland i do n't care , because i do n't respect the argument central scotland has the right to decide what is best for them . 
  also , russia should respect this or otherwise it is a complete hypocrite with regards to crimea . 
  more than it is already . 
  did n't you ever wonder how we came to be a part of the uk ? 
  i 've always thought this narrative is overrated . 
  syria , iraq and lebanon are n't nicely divided into pure sunni , shiite , kurdish , christian and druze regions .
