  there 's really no way you can create borders for these countries that would make ethno-religiously homogenous states . 
  i agree with that . 
  the eu quotas do n't exist to resolve the crisis by resettling the migrants . 
  their purpose is to relieve the strain on the overextended greek and italian asylum systems by relocating migrants that have already been detained in the past year . 
  beyond that it 's up to hungary itself whether it wants to accept any of the `` millions '' since they are under no further obligation . 
  the eu quotas specify the exact number of migrants each country is to take from italy and greece and the numbers are tiny for east european countries . 
  although it 's possible further resettlement could be pushed , no mechanism has been put in place for the quotas to be repeated so there is currently no reason to believe they will be . 
  people who say otherwise are just peddling the hysteria for their own agenda . 
  the intention of the migrant quota is n't to resettle all migrants coming to europe , it 's to redistribute 120,000 detained migrants that are currently weighing down the asylum system in italy and greece who ca n't cope with them . 
  hungary is n't obligated by the eu to take any other migrants . 
  one time relocation of about 3000 people already detained in italy and greece to a country of 10 million = `` eu forcing multicultural society on us '' everyone will have forgotten about the migrant quota within 6 months . 
  the numbers are so small they will make no difference to hungarian society whatsoever . 
  these are exactly the things that the eu should have done with the start . 
  i do n't think foreign shareholders are likely to care about polish politics at all . 
  it 's superfluous and conspiratorial to think that most business people have any agenda besides money making . 
  i doubt anything will come of this . 
  member state disobey eu rules all the time . 
  nobody is going to eject eu member states over a couple of thousand of migrants . 
  for the czech republic this is a one time relocation of 3000 refugees currently being held in hungary , italy and greece . 
  the number is so small that they will have no impact on czech society or economy at all . 
  the czech republic is not `` protecting '' itself from anything as the quotas pose no threat . 
  i do n't really care for the quotas as i previously said , but if something which bears so little consequence proves to be a turning point in czech politics then - frankly - that just tells me that people are super irrational . 
  i can not imagine how this crisis could 've been more badly managed . 
  tbh this policy does n't even mean anything because the numbers of refugees to be settled is so small . 
  and i say this both to criticise the people acting hysterically over it ( this quota will have no effect on the lives of 99 % of people and i fully expect most will forget it even exists once the crisis is over ) as well as to criticise the european council for doing nothing that brings us closer to a comprehensive solution and damaging the european project in the process . 
  probably the most important part of today 's decisions is how the european council just usurped sovereignty from four countries with no precendent . 
  `` change our way of life '' my arse . 
  croatia is being asked to take in 3200 refugees . 
  as if 3200 people will make any difference to a society of 4 million . 
  this kind of hyperbole is why we ca n't have any reasonable discussion . 
  probably the 20th century type that is completely opposed to the capitalist economic system and wants all private enterprise to be owned by the citizens . 
  that ideology is all but dead in europe , and perhaps worldwide . 
  the political landscape has changed so dramatically since the first referendum was legislated that it 's not even recognisable anymore . 
  in 2011 independence was the dream of a fairly marginalised 30 % or so of the population that was not taken seriously . 
  the snp had nothing to lose , nor did it have time to sit prevaricate . 
  the scottish parliament was specifically designed in a way intended to prevent majority governments . 
  when the snp won it 's majority this was considered an astounding feat unlikely to ever be repeated . 
  they absolutely could not count on having another chance . 
  so it 's not about whether they thought their chances of winning were good . 
  they had one shot and had to take it . 
  everything is different now . 
  independence is now not only taken seriously and supported by a large part of the population , it 's been established dominant political issue of scottish politics . 
  furthermore the snp is in a position of absolute dominance . 
  they are now polling at 60 % , three times more than the labour party . 
  the election is next year and they are virtually guaranteed four more years . 
  most likely it will take the labour party over a decade to regain the ground it has lost . 
  in other words , the snp now has the ability to bide it 's time . 
  but it also has a lot more to lose . 
  if the snp loses two referendums there wo n't be a third for a very long time . 
  as was the case in quebec , the public will be sick of it by then and the progress made by the yes campaign will vanish . 
  the snp itself may be severely damaged if the decision to hold the referendum was unpopular in the first place , and even if not sturgeon will have to resign just like salmond did . 
   and with the vote so close to being evenly split when will they not think they have a good chance of winning ? 
  when a succession of opinion polls show a majority of scots want it . 
  it 's not about having a good chance it 's about being certain , because a second defeat will set the independence campaign back years if not destroy it entirely . 
  the snp will try to exploit a crisis or major change of circumstances like leaving the eu to get public opinion where it wants . 
  5 % is n't close enough at all . 
  a 5 % is swing is typically what decides who wins an election in the uk or us . 
  for example the swing from the republicans under bush to the democrats under obama was only 3 % . 
   do you believe if they were offered another referendum right now they would say no ? 
  if the snp were * offered * one it would put them in a hilarious position , and they may have to accept in order to appease their own core voters and membership . 
  sturgeon however does n't want to hold a referendum right now for the reasons i have outlined . 
  frankly it seems to me that unionist politicians like clegg are so much more interested in talking about referendums than the scottish government itself . 
   they will keep demanding referendums until they win and at that point it 's all over for those who want to remain part of the uk . 
  but they wo n't . 
  what part of this is a good idea for the snp ? 
  what people fail to appreciate is that the scottish government is n't interested in having a referendum it 's interested in winning one . 
  the snp will only hold one referendum at a time it knows it can win , because a second failure could potentially kill their movement . 
  the scottish public will only tolerate their game for so long . 
  the `` impending neverendum '' is purely a unionist narrative . 
  once again it 's a unionist politician trapping on about more referendums not a nationalist one . 
  the snp itself has pledged zero referendums in the future , it has merely reserved the right of the scottish government to hold one . 
   i guess pointing out inconvenient truths makes me racist somehow . 
  said who ? 
  i find this victim complex many people are developing to be really irritating . 
  i do n't think this is likely to be a problem on any significant scale tbh . 
  you need to have lived in germany for 8 years or sweden for 5 by the time you can even apply for citizenship , and by that time they will be well established in a welfare state much more generous that our own . 
  the eu has nothing to do with the uk impact of the refugee crisis though . 
  the uk does n't have open borders with europe because it has an opt-out from both schengen and the migrant quota . 
  the only people it ca n't stop entering the country are established citizens of other eu member states . 
  we have all the tools to control third-world immigration . 
  the public does n't seem to understand the difference between freedom of movement and schengen . 
  there was general exasperation in the last election that labour really stood for nothing and had become some kind of tory-lite . 
  they essentially offered no new policies except for meaningless populisms clearly thought up by a policy group somewhere ( like mansion taxes and bans on zero hour contracts ) . 
  the result was that labour lost votes to basically everyone except the imploding liberal democrats . 
  so literally the main reason that he was elected is because he actually has some sense of conviction that will give the labour party actual purpose . 
  the snp are pretty left-wing in their words . 
  we have no idea how left-wing they would actually be because they ca n't influence any economic levers since they are all controlled at the westminster level ( for now ) . 
  but unilateral nuclear disarmament , gender quotas , near open borders , rent controls , blocks on new nuclear power stations , gm crop bans , 50 % tax rates , an end to austerity , abolition of tuition fees , a living wage and almost total pacifism all seem like really left-wing positions to me . 
  a lot of people will find this ridiculous but i do believe republicanism would be a dealbreaker for a * lot * of voters . 
  well to be fair , everyone said corbyn could n't win the labour leadership yet here we are . 
  his odds were 100/1 and yet he won a landslide . 
  i do n't think he will ever push his loopier ideas . 
  labour mps would never unite around them even if he tried . 
  i expect him to take labour to an snp-like position . 
  and if the snp can completely wipe the floor in 95 % of the districts in scotland then surely corbyn can win 35 % or so of the uk vote . 
  crazy things are happening in british politics these days , which previously we never thought was possible . 
  if i went back to 2005 and told people that ukip will win a national election , the snp will wipe out all opposition in scotland and poll at 60 % and labour will elect a hardcore socialist by a landslide then everyone would think i was nuts . 
   dyab abou jah jah , man , what a name, 
  he only wants to reopen mines that are a ) profitable b ) carbon neutral ( using carbon capture technology etc ) it 's not really unreasonable with those conditions . 
  assuming those conditions are plausible that is .
