  retarded religious fanaticism \u2713 complete disregard for rule of law \u2713 persecution complex and paranoid delusion that everyone in the world is conspiring against them \u2713 \u2713 \u2713, 
  executivemonkey is a parody account . 
  i 've seen him post quite a lot of comments satirising american republicans . 
  tbh i do n't really blame the establishment because if i was them i would n't know what to make of the current political climate either . 
  mass immigration is clearly the main cause of the rise of the alt-right , but that 's only one side of the story . 
  right wing populists are rising even in countries where there is no mass immigration , and all kind of other populists have also emerged . 
  the far left has undergone a huge resurgence as well , while in places like scotland people express their anger through demands for independence , in italy the 5 star movement has become a major force . 
  people are either dissatisfied for a whole load of different reasons or are just incoherently angry and are latching onto whatever populist promises to punish the ruling class . 
  either way it 's not really clear what can be done to restore normalcy . 
  for example i do n't see what theresa may can realistically do that will appease ukip , the corbynistas and the scottish nationalists simultaneously . 
  yes in 2014 everything was wonderful but then suddenly the * great refugee crisis of 2015 * happened and now european civilisation is truly over and it 's basically like world war ii all over again amirite ? 
  better vote marine le pen , i 'm sure that commiting economic suicide and subverting the free world by destroying the eu and allying with russia instead of nato will solve all our problems . 
  you are obviously clueless about the situation in europe `` buddy '' . 
  i completely agree . 
  trump is an idiotic , volatile demagogue but le pen is an actively , calculatingly pernicious ideological fanatic . 
  clinton is a self-serving , pandering fool but sarkozy is the most machiavellian of political operators . 
  they are both much more competent than their us counterparts , but that just makes them all the more insidious . 
  absolutely incredible that trumpeters have been able to paint hillary as the warmonger when trump is the one who openly says he wants to invade syria and that the us should deal with islamists by torturing them and `` killing their families '' . 
  ppp is used for comparison related to living standards and domestic productivity , because obviously in russia one dollar goes much further so this has to be taken into account . 
  however for anyone outside russia that does n't matter at all , thus gdp ( ppp ) is a completely irrelevant measure of external economic power despite how some countries prefer to use it to big themselves up . 
  i do n't really see how being `` thoughtful , knowledgeable and intelligent '' excludes one from being ruthless , aggressive and autocratic . 
  al-rai has been held by isis for a long time . 
  they are intervening now solely because the rojava was close to capturing the region , which would unite their cantons and give them full control of the turkish-syrian border . 
  you know fine well that this is true and turks would do well to stop lying . 
  nobody reasonable will blame turkey for intervening against what is basically the pkk in syria . 
  they always have been . 
  they are united in thinking that the western establishment is evil and therefore it 's enemies = good . 
  and how wise do you think that was ? 
  the vast majority of people in the world have benefited tremendously from globalisation . 
  outsourcing labour to asia has made everything we use in life vastly cheaper than it would be and lifted millions of asians out of poverty : in turn creating a huge asian consumer class that wants the high quality products only the west can produce . 
  thus we now all work in international services and high-tech industries instead of sweat shops and coal mines . 
  also global competition between manufacturers is one of the reasons technology is advancing at such a rapid rate . 
  they are forced to strive for the best product and the most efficient manufacturing method not in their country or region or continent but in the entire world . 
  the people left behind are those who are unable to compete with asian labour but without the skills needed to take the new highly paid jobs globalisation has created . 
  anyone whose politics are based on emotion ( especially playing to public grievance ) instead of rational approach to policy decisions . 
  that 's basically * because * of the subsidies given out by cap . 
  the great majority of subsidies go to larger farms , who can sell food at lower rates because of the subsidies they are receiving . 
  as a result the number of dairy farms in the uk has crashed but the number of dairy cows has significantly increased . 
  cap is an awful protectionist project that 's horrible in every way * costs # 50bn per year * artificially raises food prices in the eu which together with the cost of the taxes needed to fund cap costs the average european family over 400 euros per year according to an oecd study * only large farms benefit because of how the subsidies are distributed , so small farms can not compete * continual over expansion of farms into wildlands in order to get more subsidies * huge oversupply of food in the eu due to people farming for subsidies rather than sale , which the eu then dumps on third world countries destroying their economies, 
  heh i 'll believe that when i start seeing bumper stickers declaring that vaccines cause autism and evolution/global warming does n't real . 
  i have to say , i really fucking despise the political atmosphere of europe right now . 
  it seems millions of people think that merely expressing incoherent anger and dissatisfaction is a suitable substitute for actually engaging in informed debate about issues of government . 
  it 's not . 
  even if that anger is largely justified . 
  i do n't really care about the result of this referendum or know about the specifics . 
  but italians please , however you vote do n't do it because `` the establishment !!!! 111 '' . 
  we are quickly reaching american levels of anti-intellectualism and feelings-before-facts politics and i hate it . 
  what if morocco was to invade cueta and melila ? 
  it 's a good thing that our lives in the west are becoming so more more comfortable and easy that those of the past , but i do worry we are becoming soft . 
  we should greatly expand the number of army reservists imho to maintain at least some semblance of a military culture . 
  even though there 's no immediate threat to western civilisation we ca n't be complacent . 
  an entire third of all the judges and state prosecutors in the country though ? 
  i 'm not sure i can believe this . 
  i 'm not sure i ca n't believe that erdogan would not take the opportunity given his previous politicisation of the civil service and judiciary . 
  black people in the uk have integrated fine . 
  so much so that black and white people are intermarrying to the extent that more mixed race children are being born than black children . 
  i do n't believe we have the poor race relations of the us which are based on a very long and sensitive history . 
  this is just a vocal minority of nus types , many of whom are not even black , pushing their usual cancerous identity politics . 
  boris johnson . 
  morocco applied in 1980 or something and was rejected . 
  i have no idea why the * fuck * people in several countries would prefer morocco to turkey though . 
  every problem with turkey is amplified x10 with morocco . 
   he 's consistent i find it inconceivable that someone could * genuinely * believe this . 
  trump wants to put heavy tariffs on most countries with whom the us has a trade deficit such as china , india and mexico . 
  if this happens he is basically giving those markets to europe . 
  however they will also be worth a lot less as markets because global economic growth would be severely curtailed . 
  to play devils advocate : official sharia law does n't necessarily mean living like saudi arabia . 
  sharia law is official to various extents in pakistan , egypt , morocco even india and none of these countries are stoning people or cutting off limbs . 
  even if they did they would n't be accepted and everyone in turkey knows that . 
  other eastern european countries saw 10-20 % of their population move to the west following eu membership that 's why turkey will never be allowed to join ever . 
  a mass migration of 7-15 million turks would destroy the eu politically . 
  i do n't either , but the justice system is not infallible ( as evidenced by the number of people we would have sentenced to death during hysteria about ira terrorism - who we later found to be innocent ) . 
  it 's not good enough to write that off as collateral . 
  capital punishment has no benefits anyway . 
  it 's expensive , fails to deter crime and gives the government fascistic control over it 's citizens right to life . 
  the only reason to support it is to satisfy the mobs need for revenge . 
  besides that this coup was not even launched by kemalists anyway . 
  it was conducted by the gulen movement , ie actual hardcore islamists . 
  it 's always that time in / r/europe . 
  because it 's not a remotely satisfying answer ? 
  france and belgium have only a portion of all the muslims in the eu yet together they seem to have a monopoly on terrorism . 
  the muslim population of germany and the uk is not extremely different from france yet neither have had an attack in a decade whereas france is having them on a biannual basis these days . 
  personally i think the security services in france are just ineffective . 
  in the uk there * would * be attacks this often if it was n't that the great majority are somehow foiled by mi5 . 
  the eu ca n't be seen to be supporting separatism in it 's member states , even if they are leaving . 
  it would be foolish of the eu not to use scottish government to apply pressure on london in the coming negotiations however . 
  i 'm sure that 's the sturgeon 's back-up plan if she ca n't get popular support for independence . 
  if podemos is in the next government ( looks quite possible now ) then will the spanish position soften ? 
  podemos is more ambivalent towards catalonia yes ? 
  but the uk is different because it 's an island . 
  whereas mainland european countries have thousands of miles of borders to guard , the uk can pretty easily just stop people boarding ferries . 
  if we joined schengen then all of the migrants in calais would just hop on the first ferry with no checks . 
  well their situation is terrible and so is that of moldova so i 'm not surprised . 
  cameron is gone either way i think . 
  if we remain the party members and backbenchers will have his head if he ruins their one shot at leaving the eu . 
  if we leave he 'll resign because it 's essentially a national vote of no confidence in his government . 
  british politics is a mess right now . 
  the liberal democrats have disappeared and the tories and labour more busy fighting amongst themselves than fighting each other . 
  ukip 's unity is only temporary , once the referendum is over i 'll expect they 'll return to infighting with ten times as much vigour as before . 
  they did n't know , that 's the leave line to excuse themselves for their anti-intelectualism .
