  wow that flag has no negative connotations at all . 
  nope . 
   i do n't know why they bother going on holidays . 
  they seem to do what they usually do back home , only with nicer weather . 
  i have wondered this my entire life . 
  it really has no appeal to me . 
  i think a lot of people in the uk despise the eu because they have never had a say in it and feel it has been imposed on them democratically . 
  in the uk nobody under 50 has ever had a say on the eu despite continual pressure for a referendum . 
  british people do not directly benefit from the eu . 
  the eu focuses a lot of its attention on standardizing regulations , agriculture , internal trade etc. 
  these are not tangible for 90 % of british people . 
  the eu is thus perceived as a foreign institution meddling in the british legal process for no good reason , a source of immigrants and a waste of money . 
  people do not understand the eu or how it works , at all , or even what it is for . 
  the eu lacks leadership and charisma . 
  it sucks at communicating itself and is seen as non-transparent . 
  the european council have largely kept it this way deliberately . 
  the more democratic the eu becomes and the stronger its leadership is , the less the member states can control it . 
  eventually the eu begins to function as an independent entity superior to the member states and most people do n't want this either . 
  the uk is also geographically isolated from europe and a somewhat relevant nation . 
  because of this people here do not feel the need for the eu and they do n't feel close to other european countries . 
  i do n't really think that will happen . 
  there is no precedent of large waves of african migrants coming to europe during famine or natural disaster . 
  a ) sub-saharan africa is not a major source of immigrants for europe with maybe the exception of somalia . 
  b ) we do n't actually accept very many refugees contrary to popular belief . 
  the best thing about ukip is how they 've stolen the entire bnp voterbase, 
  in scotland it is generally called scottish gaelic not scottish , to distinguish it from the sort-of-maybe-language or lowland scots . 
  and also because unlike in ireland , not all of scotland was historically gaelic . 
  it 's gon na be close though . 
  the votes for the sixth seat are split among so many competing parties it can potentially be won with  9 % of the vote . 
  george galloway does n't have any seats in scotland at all and never has . 
  the socialist-actually-communist party were temporarily a significant force but died a death and have basically vanished now . 
  i think scots mostly aspire to scandinavian type social-liberalism . 
  we certainly like to think so . 
  lol `` patriots '' hahaha but seriously it amazes me you could think the media is against farage . 
  he is the wet dream of tabloid newspapers and his frequent appearances on the bbc were a major part of what helped him rise to political relevance . 
  i really do n't think that fn and ukip are alike . 
  ukip is mostly a single-issue party formed to oppose the uk 's eu membership . 
  it 's other policies are not particularly popular and are more comparable to the american brand of conservatism . 
  the fn on the other hand is a primarily nationalist , not eurosceptic or conservative party . 
  it 's a bit like what the bnp claims to be but the bnp is more blatantly racist . 
  ukip would never campaign on [ this basis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:national_front.gif ) for example . 
  wow . 
  how does he even win votes with such aggressive campaigning . 
  there is never going to be a political union between india , china and russia . 
  a ) china hates both india and russia . 
  india is a cold war russian ally but is now very close to west . 
  b ) they all have export based economies and depend upon japan and the west to buy their shit . 
  they have way more interest in seeking trade agreements with the west rather than each-other therefore . 
  c ) china would come to dominate the whole thing to such an extent it may as well be called the chinese empire . 
  india and russia would never allow this . 
  d ) the three countries are separated by hundreds of miles of desert/steppe/tundra / huge mountains, 
  it 's not because of putin . 
  the uk does not have much of a historical or cultural connection with either russia or ukraine so to most people here ukraine is just some far away place nobody knows anything about . 
  they oppose the occupation of crimea on principle but do n't feel threatened or particularly angry at russia . 
  i 'd assume it must be because of the ongoing eu elections . 
  perhaps people are finding out a bit more about the eu or are being swayed by the arguments of the `` in '' camp . 
  ukip have really forced the issue and the election campaign has become a public debate about membership as much as a competition for seats . 
  the economy is also picking up a bit which helps, 
  the suez crisis was just part of the same ideology rather than its source . 
  its purpose was to assert the uk and france as still relevant major powers in the postwar age , showving that we were still relevant and did not need to depend on the us or the ussr . 
  it obviously failed and in the uk it is regarded as the of the uk as a global superpower . 
  the uk definitely underwent much harsher austerity than those countries and here the economy is growing . 
  i do n't necessarily agree that austerity is a good idea but that 's a very selective group of countries you chose . 
  is there an english version of this article ? 
  still though this development is quite disturbing . 
  / r/europe should be more worried about this than ukip . 
  i think the ecb and ecj are quite different to parliament . 
  the ecb benefits from being situated in financial capital of europe and is quite separate from government . 
  meanwhile i quite like the judicial bodies to be separated from government . 
  however the situation with the ep is just strange . 
  it spends half its time in one city , half in another and the administrative offices are in neither . 
  even if the ep decided to settle on strasbourg that would n't be so bad , but the current travelling circus is a pointless waste of money . 
  let us at em, 
  til that if you hold 12 positions in government and embezzle public funds then you are literally as bad as hitler , a man directly or indirectly responsible for 40 million deaths . 
  why on earth is that good ? 
  the us does n't even have a debt crisis ( yet ) . 
  if everyone in europe held grudges about who did what to whom in world war ii europe would be a very hostile place . 
  look at how much the uk is not giving a shit about `` that stupid contest '' . 
  i imagine we gave poland 12 mostly because of polish immigrants in the uk . 
  is there an error in my logic or does 6 % more support for the eu and 6 % less support for leaving not translate into a 12 % difference ? 
  the snp actually are very weak in general elections because people vote labour with the explicit intention of keeping the tories out . 
  sometimes voting in general elections in scotland just seems completely pointless . 
  labout are guaranteed like 2/3 of the seats . 
  most of the parties that appear on the ballot are not relevant at all . 
  i want a federal europe where things that can only be handled on the grand scale are federalised . 
  things like defence , intelligence , certain enviromental/macroeconomic issues already can not be handled well by individual european countries . 
  i also want the eu to continue improving economic efficiency by removing trade barriers and standardizing bureaucracy , and to improve the accountability of the eu by having eu-wide referendums , eu-wide parties and a clear leadership of the eu . 
  imo it would actually be * more * democratic to have such an eu . 
  in our highly globalised world small european nations are largely at the mercy of greater powers . 
  things like healthcare , welfare and education do not need to be federalized . 
  actually i think they should be handled at as local a level as possible . 
  observe how every time clegg opens his mouth ukip support rises http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014_ ( united_kingdom ) #opinion _ polls just one of clegg 's magic powers , though not as impressive as his ability to lose 70 % of his scottish seats within one year of coalition . 
  edinburgh university ** strong ** suck it st andrews, 
  eurozone membership has n't been popular in scotland since the euro-crisis revealed its weaknesses . 
  in the event of independence we are probably going to create our own currency after ruk rejected edinburgh 's currency union ideas . 
  we 'll probably join the eurozone as soon as people are convince it has sorted out its problems . 
  a scottish currency is expected to be highly volatile , moving with oil prices . 
  scotland has a huge banking sector which would likely prefer to be part of a large and stable currency block . 
  euroscepticism is n't so high in scotland . 
  according to the most recent survey ukip is polling at 7 % and the eu would win a referendum with 65 % .
