  there is a deliberate refusal by turks to take this criticism and instead of accepting it or even trying to argue against it they invent these bullshit strawmen which are easier to attack and allow them to feel victimised . 
  let me reiterate for you : * nobody hates modern day turks because they are not responsible for the genocide any more than europeans are for all their genocides . 
  * the problem is that the turkish government tries to distort history to fit a pro-turkish narrative , not what happened in history . 
  you can stop whining about what france did and what serbia did and what germany did . 
  * we do n't expect turkey to spend every repenting for the genocide , we expect them to acknowledge that it happened and stop propagating a false version of history for ideological purposes . 
  also i must say your argument is pathetic . 
  how dare you whine about other countries not mentioning the massacre of ottomans enough while actively propagating the lie that the armenian genocide never happened . 
  it is you that is being hypocritical here , not your opponents . 
  do you really think admitting to genocide would help armenia take turkish land ? 
  everyone already knows turkey commited genocide against armenians . 
  any consequences would have happened by now . 
  literally the only reason for this denial is butthurt jingoism . 
  indians actually are overwhelming contributors to the uk imo , they are like our model minority along with the chinese . 
  crime rates among them are low and there 's little evidence that they rape people . 
  there is plenty of evidence that they are prolific business people ( and thus employers ) and the nhs totally depends on them . 
  because they primarily work in medical/cuisine related professions they do n't really compete with british workers either , but instead provide a service everyone wants . 
  they are quite well integrated into british society and more widely dispersed across the country . 
  i do n't think i 've heard british people hating on indians . 
  most problems with the asian community in the uk come from the pakistani community , including the recent paedophile scandals . 
  pakistani immigrants are often of a lower socioeconomic background than indian ones because a lot of them are more like refugees . 
  they also are generally much more cliquey and conservative due to islam . 
  this reminds me of when terrorists tried to bomb glasgow airport by driving an van full of propane canisters into the wall . 
  but they could n't get to the wall so they drove into the security bollards instead . 
  also the propane cannisters did n't explode , they just king of started burning , so the drivers only managed to set themselves on fire . 
  the fire brigade had to be called to put them out . 
  they were also beaten by angry glaswegians in the mean time . 
  one later got medals from the queen . 
  overall 10/10 terrorism, 
   implying that it has n't the armenian genocide is the second most studied atrocity ( in terms of the amount of literature produce ) after only the holocaust . 
  in fact the word `` genocide '' was coined by raphael lemkin with the armenian genocide in mind . 
  cornish is really already dead . 
  the people who speak it now are second language speakers who learn it as a hobby . 
  first language speakers died out a long time ago . 
  presumably because iceland and turkey were/are candidates or official potential members ( like bosnia ) or whatever . 
  that 's not really how it went down . 
  you make it sound like there was a bustling argentine society there and then out of the blue the uk invaded and expelled them all . 
  however this was during an interlude between the british settlements . 
  britain had a settlement on the islands earlier , which it removed due to economic problems with the intention of returning . 
  then argentina decided that all land in the southern cone should be theirs regardless of native or british claims and set up a prison colony on the island . 
  britain still viewed itself as owning the islands since it had always stated it would resettle them later , did not recognise the argentinian colony and ten years later removed it just as they said they would . 
  i mean if i was living in the 1830s i would probably be on argentina 's side , but they did n't inhabit the island for long and their right to do so in the first place was spurious . 
  egypt ca n't just decide to build a city in the libyan desert because libya is n't using the land . 
  the situation was not clear cut even then . 
  but really it 's the fact they want to revert to early nineteenth century borders that 's retarded . 
  even more so since argentina has itself expanded in that time and shows no interest of respecting the original inhabitants of * those * lands . 
  you are doing it again . 
  you refuse to make actual arguments about the falklands and scream about other things . 
  the population of diego garcia should never have been removed . 
  you are right . 
  good to know you have some basic moral instincts . 
  however attacking the british action in diego garcia is not a suitable defence for argentina . 
  anyway the argument that the falkland islanders are `` squatters '' after having lived there for 180 years is exactly the kind of bs i was talking about . 
  i would point out that the islands were british before argentina even existed but that should n't even matter . 
  it is total nonsense to decry the falkland islanders as `` squatters '' when the entire population of argentina are `` squatters '' . 
  let me reiterate . 
  the entire existence of argentina is predicated upon the native inhabitants being removed or killed . 
  english speakers had lived on the falkland islands for decades while argentina was still expanding into native lands . 
  so the falkland islanders are squatters but the argentines in patagonia are not ? 
  the falkland islanders are not allowed to express their desires for the future but the argentines of patagonia ( and everwhere else ) are ? 
  well what about poles in prussia , those only settled there in the 1940s . 
  what about russians in siberia ? 
  whites in south africa ? 
  should they all not get a say ? 
  somehow i think you 've decided the falklands are a special case . 
  only they should not have any rights . 
  and what a vile and logically incoherent position that is . 
   how does that support your bigoted and jingoistic claim on the stolen islands ? 
  dude you are hilarious . 
  my previous responses to you were obviously a waste of time . 
  how about you make an actual coherent argument as to why the falkland islands are argentine instead of screaming edgy words ? 
  it 's laughable you think totally ignoring the will of 3000 people is `` bigoted '' and `` jingoistic '' . 
  what a distorted worldview you have . 
  how the fuck is it `` imperialist '' . i hate the hysterical tone adopted by `` anti-colonialists '' whenever the falklands are talked about . 
  what do you want from the falklanders ? 
  they are too small to be independent . 
  they don ; t want to part of britain because they are not british . 
  they do n't want to be argentine because they are not argentinian . 
  they have repeatedly expressed their desire to maintain their autonomy under the protection of the uk . 
  what do you want from them ? 
  you want to force them to be argentine just because they are too far from the uk ? 
  it is outside powers trying to enforce their will on a tiny population that is actually imperialist . 
  argentina 's attempts to force them to be part of their country are morally reprehensible and based on the flimsiest historical and legal reasoning . 
  it is made all the more laughable by argentina 's history as a country which exists solely because of genocide and conquest that continued long after british people settled in the falklands . 
  how dare they have the audacity to presume moral superiority and the sick hypocrisy to pull the victim card . 
  because the balkan states do n't officially deny that they happened and propagate that lie within and without their countries ? 
  i think you are getting it all wrong . 
  it 's not that the genocide occurred , everyone knows europeans have no right to go around the world and tell people how racist they were in history , it 's the fact that turkey ( and azerbaijan ) refuse to accept that the genocide happened . 
  turks deliberately refuse to understand this point . 
  they seem to think armenia would sue them but tbh i doubt this is the case . 
  i do n't see why international courts would care whether turkey denies the genocide or not so surely if armenia was going to sue it would have done so by now . 
  take your pick : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocides_in_history, 
  it 's astonishing how turkey always * somehow * manages to make itself the victim . 
  `` we killed hundreds of thousands of armenians evil europe is racist against us '', 
  yes imagine letting the falkland islanders , of whom 99.8 % voted to be british , decide their own fate . 
  how imperialist of us . 
  we should obviously just give it to argentina on the basis that the falklands are far away . 
  kurds do n't really vote akp . 
  wow so much for the roaring brics economies . 
  wtf happened to brazil ? 
  omg how could we forget the roma gypsies ?
