  but what actually happened is that nobody used chemical weapons ( in europe ) for fear of the destruction they would cause . 
  it would probably be the same in world war iii . 
  jealous of our informative , high quality newspaper industry ? 
  and we would probably be better for it . 
  :p more realistically ( though i know you 're joking ) it 's because we different newspapers in scotland . 
  there are those that only sell in scotland ( the record , the scotsman etc ) and scottish rewrites of uk papers ( scottish sun , scottish mail , scottish express etc ) . 
  the scottish papers sometimes have different or even opposite allegiances to their english counterparts . 
  the sun picks whoever is winning and backs them basically . 
  this election they posted different articles in scotland and england to maximise newspaper sales . 
  in england [ `` labour is planning scottish alliance : four reasons to be fearful '' ] ( http://wingsoverscotland.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/photo-63t.jpg ) in scotland [ `` stur wars : why it 's time to vote snp '' ] ( http://rachael98.me.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/stur-wars.png ) they are shameless glory hounds . 
  a turkic ethnicity from southern moldova and surrounding regions . 
   this is the wet dream of the west is it ? 
  why would we care if turkey is a federation or not ? 
  a real live gagauz !? 
  * snaps picture *, 
  tbh we have already had a multi-speed europe for some time . 
  in addition to half the eu officially or * de facto * opting itself out of the euro , we also have the hanger-ons like norway and switzerland which signed the early free trade and free movement agreements but then did n't join the political union ; effectively participating in eu policy while not being an official member state . 
  it 's probably about time we just accepted this reality and made it official . 
  thanks !, 
  to be fair they also lost majority-hungarian regions directly adjacent to their borders which was pretty retarded . 
  most of this [ pink region ] ( http://cdn.trend.az/pictures/2009/09/02/hungarians_in_slovakia.jpg ) for example . 
  though that 3 % has almost as many people living on it than all of greece . 
  i suppose that 's true . 
  sturgeons position on the referendum is silly . 
  though frankly i think it 's just a ploy . 
  the snp does n't want scotland to have a veto . 
  it wants a situation where scotland votes yes and ruk votes no , then it can reopen the independence question . 
  this talk of a veto is just sturgeon banging the drum in preparation for that . 
  she knows that the british government would never grant us one ( rightfully imo ) . 
  how is it rich . 
  most scots ( or even snp supporters i expect ) are fine with this referendum , we do n't expect to be treated like special snowflakes and for england to bow down before our will . 
  we just want to make the decision ourselves if we have to choose one union from the other thanks . 
  someone eli5 what has been happening and why everyone wanted rid of this mod . 
  scotland was a popular monarchy too until the act of union . 
  they are quite divided but i think overall monarchism is generally favoured . 
  the scottish nationalist movement is n't all about the ideological hard left faction that consists of the greens/common weal/radical independence etc. 
  most independence supporters are far more centrist than that . 
  i ca n't find a poll showing the attitudes of yes voters , but [ this poll by wings ] ( http://wingsoverscotland.com/the-same-and-different/ ) shows that support for the monarchy is very large both among snp voters and scotland as a whole . 
  well , de facto they are pro-monarchy in the sense they do n't want a republic . 
  even if that is just to not rock the boat . 
  i think the more radical left wing of scottish nationalists are definitely republican , and the republican current is definitely much stronger in scotland than england . 
  however the green/socialist/common-weal faction are only one part of the movement and i 'm sure i saw a poll showing that overall most yes voters are monarchists , though i ca n't actually find it . 
  scotland as a whole is definitely pro-monarchy by a significant margin . 
  there are a lot of polls showing that . 
  [ e.g ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/may/24/queen-diamond-jubilee-record-support ) i think following independence we would indeed remain a monarchy at least until the death of the queen , whose personal popularity sustains the institution . 
  edit : i did n't find the poll asking yes voters but according to [ this one ] ( http://wingsoverscotland.com/the-same-and-different/ ) by wings , snp voters support the monarchy by a pretty large 19 point margin and scotland as a whole by a 40 point margin . 
  yeah , the snp is pro-monarchy for the most part . 
  they want scotland to remain part of the commonwealth like australia and canada . 
  the smaller pro-independence parties ( socialists and greens ) are republican though . 
  the monarchy has like a 65 % approval rating in scotland and an 85 % approval rating uk-wide because of the queen 's personal popularity and god-like status . 
  plus the first kings of britain were actually from scotland not england , so it 's not like they are considered foreign . 
  some really fringe scottish nationalists want to restore the stuart dynasty though , which was overthrown in favour of william of orange because their penchant for scottish absolute monarchy conflicted with the traditions england 's constitutional monarchy . 
  scottish/irish rebels tried to restore them to the throne several times in the 17th and 18th centuries . 
  semi-related : are catalan nationalists monarchist like scottish nationalists usually are ? 
  so is there actually any support in france for leaving the eu . 
  scotland has also banned fracking indefinitely . 
  so i guess those drilling permits are void now . 
   belgium 's , which i thought was strongly pro-eu , second largest ep group is the ecr of the british tories , wtf !, 
  the weirder part is that they used to sit with the greens-efa group and then they randomly switched to the ecr . 
  i thought irish did n't have words for yes and no ? 
  because the european parliament groups that control the comission do n't campaign in their own name . 
  there is no manifesto by any eu parliament group so that voters know what they are voting for , there is no debate about what the commission should do and what the european electorate want from it only a hundred different parties campaigning within their own national bubble who are all more loyal to their party than parliament group . 
  the ec is `` technically democratic '' but has no actual accountability to the public whatsoever . 
  as a result every eu election gets ridiculously low turnouts and is treated as a referendum on whether or not we like europe and whether or not we like the current government of our country . 
  there needs to be actual pan-european parties and campaigning so that people see what they are voting for . 
  people who think this is an acceptable level of democracy are frankly setting the bar far too low . 
  in my view the single biggest thing the eu can do for it 's good ( and for all of our good ) is properly democratise . 
  there should be pan-eu parties elected to a strong parliament and able to elect the comission like switzerland elects the federal council . 
  all of europe participating in the same political process is bound to strengthen the european identity and democratically legitimise the eu , which currently is just some unseen , faceless bureaucracy far removed from the lives of the public . 
  we need an elected eu comission making decisions in the interests of all europe instead of 28 governments all putting their own interests first desperately hashing out a million compromises . 
  the eu 's response to the euro crisis has been uncoordinated and undemocratic and that should be changed . 
  actually democracy was welcomed and encouraged by the top shia clergy in iraq . 
  far from regarding it as an affront to islam they have strongly advocated democracy and declared voting an islamic duty . 
  something which actually upset iran whose own shia clergy had indeed been telling people democracy was unislamic . 
  democracy failed to take root in iraq because it is a failed state . 
  it has been beset by sectarian , nationalist and inter-factional conflicts since the baath regime fell . 
  hoping to repatriate them is unrealistic imo . 
  most of the countries we are accepting refugees from are not going to restabilise any time soon . 
  afghanistan has been at war since the 70s , somalia since 1990 , iraq for 12 years now . 
  it will be literally decades before we can think about repatriating them and by that time they will have probably all raised children in europe etc. 
  this is the worst result possible for the union short of a ukip-tory coalition . 
  i feel like there is going to be a referendum in this parliament . 
  this is a horrible surprise, 
  he 's resigned now . 
  fuck knows who will lead ukip . 
  i 'm hoping carswell . 
  i think she was selected by the snp members in that constituency . 
  the snp really wanted to take that seat though . 
  cut the head off the snake . 
  the snp victories were truly astonishing . 
  i * never * thought the borders would go snp . 
  and glasgow ne turned out not not be a very safe labour seat at at . 
  a 40 % swing ? 
  holy shit . 
  what they 're saying on bbc scotland sounds like the snp really are primed for a clean sweep . 
  no declarations yet but dumfries are going to go yellow , edinburgh ( voted no ) , all of the highlands , east renfrewshire ( slab leaders seat ) . 
  they are saying that it 's a close race even in the northern isles and borders which is completely astonishing . 
  i would be delighted if i was n't incredibly depressed about the success of the tories . 
  i can only imagine how much damage a conservative majority will do . 
  scotland represents about 9 % of the seats in the commons .
