  this is kind of a non-issue thrown in by unionist campaigners from time to time . 
  it is true that the people on the northern islands have strong regional identities and do not feel very scottish . 
  however there is little political will for the island 's independence or retrocession to the uk . 
  anyway , the nationalist counterargument is that if this should happen , the islands would be exclaves by international law which means they are not entitled to an exclusive economic zone in the north sea . 
  yes . 
  for now at least . 
  the yes campaign has avoided talking about the monarchy . 
  they regard it as a `` secondary issue '' and it 's maybe too emotive and divisive an issue . 
  there would probably be a discussion about the monarchy after independence as we draw up our constitution . 
  most likely scots will choose to keep it . 
  personally i would be in favour of the monarchy just to maintain a harmless political/cultural connection with england and the rest of the commonwealth . 
  your point about ukip is extremely misleading . 
  there is only 6 seats in scotland so `` 16 % of meps '' really means `` one mep that got elected with 10.5 % of the vote '' . 
  in other words ukip is polling at almost 1/3 of what they are in england . 
  but it is up for debate how much of that difference is due to scottish people being more leftist and how much of it is down to competition from the much more attractive form of anti-establishment politics presented by the snp . 
  the polls have been way closer than that for ages now . 
  atm it 's 40:60 towards no in the most pessimistic ( if you 're a yes supporter ) polls . 
  others report 45:55 . 
  yes still unlikely to win though . 
  edit : owait were you talking about betting odds ? 
  i feel stupid now . 
  europeans would be pretty stupid if that was causing rising euroscepticism , since the eu has virtually no power over immigration or security whatsoever . 
  that would be like bad weather causing growing anti-chinese sentiment . 
  besides if you think islam is the greatest problem facing europe is facing right now i do n't know what to say . 
  despite a large number of scare stories about how the caliphate is just around the corner , there is nowhere in europe where the muslim community is truly trying to force their values on white people . 
  i 'm guessing he decided to choose a scottish person hated in scotland rather than a british person who is hated in scotland , but admired by some other british . 
  maggie is definitely the most despised by scots though . 
  a massive hate figure and labour party propaganda tool . 
  she is credited with the social and economic destruction of industrial scotland , taught scots to be resentful and distrustful of london , and ensured the development of a massive political gulf between scotland and england . 
  if not for her there probably would n't be an independence referendum this september . 
  is it even necessary to resolve transnistria and crimea ? 
  i mean half of cyprus is occupied by turkey and it was succesful in pursuing membership . 
  this seems like a simplistic argument . 
  religious differences go well beyond the name of the sect . 
  i imagine a sunni from saudi arabia would have a religious outlook much more similar to that of a shiite in iran than a sunni in bosnia or the sahel . 
  islamic cultures are just as disparate as christian cultures . 
  they are * definitely * more disparate than eastern european cultures by an enormous margin . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  they 're referring to the imprisonment of journalists etc. 
  people are confusing liberal democracy with democracy . 
  democracy just means rule by the people . 
  the elected government does n't have to guarantee any of the other liberties that westerners associate with democracy . 
  it 's just semantics anyway . 
  it does n't matter whether people want to call turkey a democracy or illiberal democracy or dictatorship . 
  point is people feel the turkish state is too repressive . 
  people say this every time . 
  * turkey ca n't be a part of the eu because it 's not democratic . 
  * it 's a useless point because absolutely nobody in europe is suggesting membership without democratic reform . 
  obviously a prospective member has to comply with eu law before it can join the eu . 
  a lot of eastern europe was pretty low down on the democracy index before they pursued eu membership . 
  a lot of the other current eu applicants ( like albania ) still are . 
  it always amazes me how they manage to spin it so * they * are the victims . 
   the current influence in keeping isis running loose by pressuring nato and other countries into not helping the kurdish forces source ? 
  the iraqi kurdish leaders are actually allied to turkey as counter-intuitive as that seems . 
  the iraqi kurdish factions do n't get on too well with the turkish ones . 
  lol k, 
  you obviously did n't watch the opening of the glasgow commonwealth games . 
  off-topic but somewhat related : is it just me or is / r/europe becoming steadily more liberal ? 
  seems like we have n't had a gypsy or immigrant hate-thread in a while . 
  or any highly upvoted eurosceptic comments . 
  imo our cultural `` golden age '' is right now . 
  doctor who and harry potter may not seem like the signs of a cultural renaissance , but the fact is british films , television , music , literature and other media is extremely popular globally compared to for example , german media . 
  people in the future might look back on this as a time when british culture was at it 's height . 
  the scottish enlightenment i guess . 
  what the fuck you have a crazy worldview : s, 
  i browse stormfront as well . 
  it 's actually fascinating how deranged they are . 
  i mean the * things they believe * are wild . 
  like that black people are evolved from a different species and there 's a big jewish plot to cover it up for example . 
  or that jews are injecting white people with black dna to make them stupider . 
  i do n't understand how people can read these things and seriously think `` oh wow that makes so much sense '' . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's meant to say `` i ran away '' or `` iran away '' . 
  neither make sense to me . 
  nobody is ever going to listen to you when you use such hyperbole . 
  it makes you immediately sound unreasonable and fanatical . 
  backpfeifengesicht might 've been my new favourite word if i could only remember how to spell it . 
  lol . . dude . 
  last session nigel farage was on the fisheries committee . 
  do you know how many meetings he attended ? 
  1 out of 42 . 
  his deputy showed up twice to his committee . 
  nearly all other ukip meps have similar records . 
  * why * would any of them get a high ranking position on a committee . 
  it is ukip which has a policy of not cooperating with the eu not the other way around . 
  they only ever ruled the amur river basin and tanu tuva . 
  also centuries ago ( like pre-1600 ) the yuan dynasty ruled irkutsk and buryatia . 
  they 've never gone further north than that ( because it 's wasteland ) or further west . 
  also , interestingly it was the people of those territories who conquered china not the other way around . 
  the qing dynasty was founded by people from manchuria and amur while the yuan dynasty was founded by the mongols ( who at the time extended into buryatia ) . 
  the chinese never really bothered to conquer these lands themselves because they are mostly wide steppes , useless for agriculture . 
  everyone on this thread seems to be missing the fact that siberia is home to tens of millions of russians . 
  russia is n't just going to sell it anymore than germany is going to sell bavaria or the us california . 
  the only way i can see china ever getting siberia is if the russian state collapsed . 
  republika srpska ( bosnia ) and flanders are probably the main places where nationalism is politically important . 
  i think there are significant feelings of nationalism in gagauzia ( moldova ) , szekelyland ( romania ) , aland ( sweden ) , canary islands + galicia ( spain ) and the many russian republics also . 
  also kurdistan and the armenian speaking region of georgia if you count those as european . 
  then there are the breakaway states like north cyprus , transnistria ( moldova ) , nagornoh-karabakh ( azerbaijan ) , south ossetia and abkhazia ( georgia ) which are de facto independent and the people there want to keep it that way . 
  so i guess there 's quite a lot . 
  it 's just the same as the `` family safety '' filters every isp provides in any country . 
  the government literally asked the isps to make those filters default for computer illiterate parents and then the internet went crazy with hysterical stories about how you would have to call up your isp to opt-out and shit like that .
