  being a slavic country is n't really relevant . 
  most slavic countries are hostile with russia . 
  i do n't doubt that the belarussian public is very pro-russian though . 
  yeah . 
  over 95 % of azeri 's are muslims eg but mosque attendance is only 20 % . 
  i too am sick of the scottish independence debate . 
   pretty ironic that this is coming from an european . 
  what happend in the past , stays in the past . 
  also , as if your history does n't consist of century long colonialism , genocides , and wars . 
  this is n't the point . 
  it 's that the turkish state denies it ever did anything wrong to this day . 
   also a few superstitions such as `` touch wood '' when you want something to happen huh ? 
  i was always taught the superstition was you have to touch wood when you * do n't * want something to happen . 
  like if , idk , someone says i am going to crash my car , if i do n't touch wood they will have `` jinxed '' it and it will happen . 
  have i been doing it wrong this whole time ? 
  or is it just different in my area ? 
  i do n't think scotland has any plans to join schengen . 
  having a border-free zone with mainland europe but not england would be pretty useless . 
  the government plans to join the `` common travel area '' which is like a mini-schengen existing between ireland , the uk and the crown dependencies ( but without the visa policy ) . 
  the eu could force scotland to join schengen by making it a membership requirement but i do n't see why it would . 
  it 's not useful for scotland or europe unless ruk joins also . 
  albania submitted its application long before the ukraine issue . 
  ascension to eu membership is a process that takes years . 
   assad is pro-west hahahahaha do you really believe that ? 
  the whole reason the west is backing the rebels is exactly because assad is so hostile towards the west . 
  and that was * before * we tried to overthrow his regime . 
  this is not a question of free speech . 
  people who participate in a terrorist activities should not be allowed back to the uk unless to be put in trial . 
   kurdistan is formed within the borders of iraq , the kurdish issue is solved not really . 
  the turkish kurds will continue to seek independence either as their own state or in a union with iraqi kurdistan . 
  it does n't matter to them that kurds somewhere else are independent if they still feel they are under turkish occupation . 
  turkey hopes to keep the iraqi kurds o their side though , as the iraqi kurds are primarily interested in securing their own independence from the iranian backed shiite government and need outside help to secure that independence . 
   why the hell does turkey have to accept every single thing that happens in the middle east ? 
  it does n't . 
  i believe it goes deeper than that . 
  isis is a new threat and it 's hard to tell whether it will last , whereas supporting iraqi kurdistan 's independence is playing a longer game . 
  turkey is seeking a closer relationship with iraqi kurdistan as a means of expanding its regional influence . 
  the shiite dominated government in iraq has always been too close to iran for turkey , but infinitely more so since the beginning of the syrian civil war . 
  iranian intervention in the isis crisis only increases iraq 's dependence on iran . 
  by aligning itself with iraqi kurdistan turkey can increase its influence over oil rich northern iraq and perhaps the central government in baghdad as well . 
  the kurds themselves need an important regional ally to resist baghdad 's attempts at centralising political power and reducing the power of the kurdish regional government . 
  also , recently there has been an upsurge in pkk attacks allegedly backed by iran and syria . 
  it benefits turkey to have the iraqi kurds cooperation against the pkk , if not they might even support the pkk instead . 
  the pkk is ideologically opposed to the government in kurdistan so the iraqi kurds have no qualms about throwing them under the bus to further their own power . 
  i see these people frequently at tourist traps in spain and italy but never in the uk . 
  sometimes i see homeless people selling newspapers and magazines if that counts . 
  this sub is still dominated by west europeans . 
  i do agree though . 
  the `` russia literally hitler '' circlejerk has become annoying . 
  the people here are unjustifiably hostile towards russian users . 
  any mention of russia turns into a hatefest where people shit on every aspect of the country and its culture , and those mentions are frequent since / r/europe manages to bring up putin in every comment thread . 
  but still , it 's western europeans and americans who are perpetuating the circlejerk just as much as easterners . 
  russia probably would soon be `` rich '' with political reform . 
  with the infinite natural resources it possesses , educated and urbanised population and decent infrastructure ( compared to like , 3rd world countries ) it has no right to be poor . 
  it is only the irredeemably corrupt , and bureacratic nature of the russian political/economic system that is holding the country back . 
  poland was actually a pretty powerful empire once . 
  itt : some people who will not accept that * stupid , repressive , backwards * russia could ever be more progressive than the eu in anything try to explain this study in any way that makes russia look bad . 
  that is not the real reason . 
  if turkey was part of the eu then it would be forced to comply with eu human rights legislation and turks could appeal to european courts . 
  it obviously does need to start applying that law as part of the ascension process , not after membership , but my point is it does n't make sense to say `` turkey is too undemocratic to be part of the eu '' since if it joins the eu it must become more democratic . 
  this argument is a popular attacking angle because everyone in the west agrees that democracy and human rights are good things . 
  the real reasons include reasonable concerns about security ( having a border with syria and iraq ) , the cyprus conflict and the cost of paying for turkish membership . 
  but other issues , immigration and - as / u/turkishdudeinfinland says - the fact that 80m turks will be powerful in parliament ( and might not vote in a way that europeans like due to a different culture ) , are ones politicians loath to bring up , they are divisive and controversial . 
  russia did . 
  i think they count as european . 
  dae gypsies = literally vladimir farage, 
  i think russia , belarus , the caucuses and turkey are still candidates for * eventual * eu membership . 
  to be honest i thought albania was already a candidate country . 
  yes . 
  they sentenced all 700 to death in one single trial . 
  presumably the large scale immigration of mexicans and asians . 
  the last poll i remember put the number of brits supporting eurozone membership at 9 % . 
  this would force the uk out of the union , unless the eu convinces people that the problems of the eurozone have been fixed . 
  this is widely said by linguists , but the thing is that nobody here in scotland believes them . 
  personally i believe scots was a language at one time . 
  but it is difficult to say whether it still exists in the modern day . 
  nobody in scotland speaks pure scots and few speak pure english , but rather mix vocabulary , phonetics and grammatical features from both languages in their speech . 
  some speak more scots than others ( referred to as speaking broadly ) who use almost pure english . 
  scottish people also use scots and english vocabulary interchangably depending on the social context as well , even changing their accents . 
  you can see why it 's difficult to separate scots from english and call it a different language . 
  there is no distinction for scottish people . 
  yet , both languages are quite different and unintelligible when at their extremes . 
  i should also note that the scots language faces widespread prejudice also . 
  speaking proper english is associated with being an educated person and scots is associated with the `` lower '' classes of society . 
  it 's use for formal or written purposes ( except for poetry and music ) will * never * be accepted in scotland because this idea is so ingrained , although it was once used in such ways . 
  scots will probably die out completely in the coming generations . 
  most young people in scotland speak with little scots , a situation extremely different to my grandparents day when it was the primary mode of informal communication . 
  what a ridiculous strawman . 
  to be honest `` white supremacy forum '' does n't really describe what stormfront is . 
  that place is so fucking insane i could n't believe what i was reading . 
  it 's not like `` blacks are all criminals , we should expel them '' racism it 's `` immigration is a jewish plot to destroy the white race and replace them with easily manipulated non whites ( who btw are evolved from a different species than whites and the only reason people believe otherwise is because of the propoganda from the jewish controlled media ) ps the holocaust did n't happen and i do n't understand why people hate hitler '' racism . 
  and ofc they are used to having their retarded ideas attacked so they are beyond defensive and paranoid . 
  accusations of brainwashing and being `` anti-white '' everywhere . 
  to be honest i would prefer he just abolishes religious teaching , symbols and texts in public schools . 
  the french have the right of it . 
  that 's what `` vigilante assault '' means . 
  lol mate , you can give as many anecdotes as you like . 
  does n't change the fact that a large majority of roma live in poverty . 
  austerity is a drastic measure for countries with spiraling debt . 
  romania does n't need austerity and it 's economy is growing fine .
