  le pen is already tried and tested in elections and was heavily defeated 42-58 even in fn 's strongest region ( haut de france ) . 
  interestingly she increased her vote only 2 % in the second round . 
  virtually everyone who did not originally support her went to the ump candidate . 
  if that happens again fillon has nothing to fear . 
  * abolish the commission and make the eu a proper parliamentary democracy with eu parties that campaign in their own name with clear leaders and manifestos . 
  * secure europe 's borders . 
  * fix the flaws inherent to the eurozone . 
  all that 's really needed is a degree of debt mutualisation and a less irrationally conservative monetary policy . 
  * the eu should stop spending money on worthless things like museums and agricultural subsidies . 
  it 's infrastructure subsidies should be funded by a small tax on corporations instead . 
  the poor in the west are deeply resentful that `` they '' pay foreign countries when they feel like they are struggling . 
  deal with the negative social implications of globalism ( the eu used to do this before pes decided it only cared about welfare and multiculturalism ) . 
  one consequence of free trade is that it encourages every country to compete in whoring themselves out to the market the most by having the lowest corporation taxes and the worst labour laws etc. 
  the result is that organised labour has been stripped of it 's power , wage growth has been suppressed for decades while big businesses are paying lower tax rates than teachers . 
  it can only be fixed by a supranational authority . 
  specifically i 'd like to see : * eu minimum corporation ( and wealth tax ? ), 
  for each country . 
  part of it should be collected by the eu and distributed evenly in order to compensate ee countries that benefit from lower taxes . 
  a common source of tax revenue also helps the eurozone a bit . 
  * stronger labour laws across europe . 
  ( social corporatism and collective bargaining at the eu level ? 
  `` minimum minimum wage '' related to countries purchasing power ? ), 
  * consideration social effects when pursuing free trade in the global arena . 
  free trade is generally good , but not with tax havens and countries with horrendous labour laws . 
  our people should not be forced to compete with places that literally treat their workers like slaves . 
  importers from such places should require a license verifying equitable practices . 
  capital transfers to tax havens should be taxed . 
  what conspiracy . 
  it 's not a conspiracy that corbyn , mcdonnel and the people around them are apologists if not supporters of violent organisations that call themselves `` anti-imperialist '' . 
  he pretty much made a whole career out of his pro-ira positions in particular . 
  so 62 % of young people in poland voted for korwin , kukiz or pis nice, 
  i agree with the general message of this video but it immediately annoyed me with it 's bullshit about m ` cultural marxist media conspiracy . 
  the left right divide does n't work anywhere in europe anymore . 
  the paris attacks occurred only 1 month before the 2015 regional elections and did n't really have any effect at all . 
  they got the exact same results as the 2014 european and departmental elections . 
  this is why political recognition of genocide is stupid . 
  it 's never going to be fair . 
  only some genocides get to be considered real genocides and it inevitably leads to `` genocide olympics '' as the guy before you said . 
  genocide debates should be discussed by historians not politicians . 
  in most countries genocide recognition does n't carry any legal meaning anyway . 
  they 'll never pay back the money if they are in austerity forever . 
  so does this actually mean anything ? 
  the commission is now well short of a majority but since the eu is a rather iffy version of parliamentary democracy i 'm not sure if that really matters . 
  is n't this logically inconsistent though . 
  it seems the two most common complaints italians have about the euro are contradictory . 
  weak currencies make exports more competitive but make prices higher . 
  vice versa for strong currencies . 
  so the euro ca n't be causing both problems . 
  a new lira can not be both stronger and weaker than the euro so it ca n't make manufacturing more competitive and lower prices at the same time . 
  it can only solve one problem a bit and make the other worse . 
  actually the uk is 13 % non-white and it 's something like 20 % among newborns ( there is a census figure but i am too lazy to find it ) . 
  still though it 'll be at least 30 years before non-whites are as big a group as they are in the us . 
  and they 'll probably never be a majority since consistently the majority of immigrants coming to the uk are white . 
  why is any of this relevant . 
  they do n't get money that 's why they 're called non-government organisations . 
  heh think of it this way . 
  if fillon wins it 's just bad for 4 years . 
  if le pen wins and withdraws from the eu ( effectively destroying the organisation ) the damage is permanent . 
  honestly ukip cares more about east europeans than people from the third world . 
  of course they are emotional . 
  she left huge swathes of britain broken and abandoned . 
  she utterly obliterated the working class and their entire way of life . 
  her reforms took away the economic security that was the basis for their lifestyle over generations and in doing so deprived them of their once strong sense of community , tradition and pride . 
  her dogma of unrestrained free market capitalism said that new , better economic activities would reemerge but they never did . 
  the post-industrial wastelands remain wastelands even yet . 
  the people who live there sentenced to a meaningless existence on welfare , deprived of purpose , deprived of community , wallowing in social decay . 
  almost all social and political problems in the uk are her legacy . 
  including scottish nationalism and brexit , both of which are the result of the seething anger felt by that segment of society . 
  '' '' `` liberals '' '' '' in europe mostly care about the single market , unintrusive governance and business issues . 
  raving about `` liberals '' is always a sign of an ignorant american who is not actually from `` here '' or knows anything about the politics here . 
  not even gdp per capita but also per hour worked . 
  this is actually a very serious problem in the uk . 
  the economy is growing because there are more people working longer hours . 
  but the productivity ( and pay ) for each hour worked is actually declining so the standard of living for british people has been getting progressively worse since the crisis . 
  yet because the total gdp is going up the government is happy . 
  the uk economy is actually incredibly unhealthy but people generally do n't notice because the headline gdp rate is growing . 
  unfortunately for british people that gdp rate is being driven entirely by a rapid expansion of low-paid jobs . 
  productivity is going up since more people ( including pensioners and immigrants ) are working more hours than before , but the actual productivity of british workers ( and real wages ) has been in decline for a decade . 
  business investment is very low and this expansion of the labour fore ( and the uk 's huge fiscal and current account deficit ) is being driven by borrowing . 
  real wages in the uk have been falling/stagnating for a long time and are still below what they were in 2007 . 
  generally there are no clear ethnic boundaries in africa and the middle east . 
  the existence of homogeneous ethnic states in europe is a product of war and centuries of state centralisation . 
  in most countries different ethnoreligious groups occupy the same regions and trying to separate them out would result in a bosnia-type situation . 
  well macrons ratings are fine for a french president . 
  trumps are terrible for an american president . 
  it 's just different political systems . 
  the french public is more split ( 5 or so parties instead of 2 ) and frankly i do n't think any west european country has the large number of cult-like party loyalists created by america 's balkanised media and liberal-vs-conservative culture war . 
  what . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  our relationship with ksa has never involved ideology and has always been purely pragmatic and based on getting cheap oil/securing american hegemony over the middle east . 
  with regards to iran i 'll let you consider whether the following events involved `` ideological '' relations . 
  * when iran declared the us and uk satan and their ayatollahs issued fatwas commanding muslims to murder specific british citizens ( leavings to the death of dozens of people ) * when iran stormed the us embassy and held it 's entire staff hostage for a year , and then made the embassy a museum against american fascism . 
  * when iraq congratulated khomeini in coming to power and iran responded by calling for the overthrow of the iraqi and all over muslim governments in order to establish a single caliphate . 
  and then they went to war for 8 years using a strategy that involved sending thousands of boys to `` martyr '' themselves in human wave attacks . 
  * when they began orchestrating hundreds of suicide bombings via proxy agents including for example the french embassy bombing and the beirut barracks bombing that killed 300 westerners . 
  ( by the way iran was the first to use suicide bombings . 
  they literally invented modern terrorism ) . 
  but yeah reddit likes to pretend all this never happened for the sake of their contrarian `` i know better than the narrative '' circlejerk . 
  they are not coming from the same people though . 
  the conflict with iran is being pushed by the administration while it 's congress that voted to sanction russia without the white house .
