  normally no , scotland does n't have much of influence . 
  the last time we decided who was prime minister was ' 79 . 
  this time it 's different though because the tories and labour are almost even in england at around 33 % each . 
  for this election the tories and labour really have no choice but to work with the snp to create a majority . 
  the only other option is to call another election or form a coalition between the two of them which would be a huge joke and destroy them both . 
  i predict labour will backtrack and form an alliance with the snp . 
  however if labour would indeed rather work with the tories than the snp then that would indeed by very divisive . 
  the union would be finished . 
  sadly respect has been infiltrated by angry muslims posing as lefties . 
  that 's why we need a strong eu . 
  it 's a balancing act . 
  there needs to be a good balance between decentralisation and powers being made at the right level . 
  currently i feel brussels and local governments have far less power than they should have and london and edinburgh have far too much . 
  incidentally the snp is n't very fussy about releasing power from edinburgh but at least they are 2/3 of the way there . 
  i believe in multi-level government . 
  i do n't want all that much power to go to the eu , but i believe some things are much better handled at the eu rather than national level just as some things are handled better at the regional rather than national level , or local rather than regional level . 
  i feel the debate in the uk ( or england , to tell the truth , since ukip are n't a thing here ) is fueled by souverainism and xenophobia regarding east european immigrants , not sensible discussion about how we want powers to be delegated . 
  within the uk however the power structure is incredibly london centred . 
  examples : this government has spent more money for infrastructure on london than the rest of the uk combined . 
  the government describes scottish fishing industry as `` expendable '' in their bid to get a better deal for the city . 
  in scotland we actually get shafted considerably less , it 's northern england who really gets it . 
  we 've fought for a better ideal due to having a much stronger regional identity and consciousness . 
  plus in general we should n't have to deal with southeast england 's hard right tory-ukip dogma if 80 % of scotland votes against it . 
  we already did that once not again please . 
  that really is the core argument for decentralising power . 
  so tl ; dr i believe there needs to be a balance between decentralisation and decisions being made at the right level of government . 
  atm i feel the eu has slightly less power than it should have and westminister ( and holyrood for that matter ) has far too much . 
  yeah they have reiterated their support for the single transferable vote through their manifesto , interviews and the live debates . 
  their putting democracy before party political interest has been widely applauded but it 's probably better for them to have 25 seats in a hung parliament than 50 in opposition to a majority government . 
  also i had the realisation earlier today that vote reform will probably result in the end of the uk . 
  if we had pr ukip+t ories would be well ahead of labour . 
  a tory-ukip government would destroy the union . 
  besides being seen as having no legitimacy in scotland the fights about europe , austerity , barnett , evel and devolution would be endless and the discourse aggressive . 
  i am unimpressed by their support for austerity . 
  also as others said , the lib dems barely exist in my seat . 
  you have to think about what the consequence of your vote will be . 
  me voting snp and labour losing this seat will cause a lot of head scratching in westminster and labour hq . 
  my vote for the lib dems wo n't really matter . 
  nobody will care . 
  i am considering voting lib dem in the scottish elections where our election system is far less retarded . 
  if you want to know just how negative the discourse on the tories is in scotland just watch the most recent fmqs in the scottish parliament : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn1rl5dh99c labour : tories tories vote snp get tories snp : tories tories lol vote labour get tories labour = red tories lol tories tories labour : snp = tories amirite tories tories they voted with the tories snp : tories , will u get rid of them ??? 
  tories tories it 's basically a real world circlejerk . 
  i ca n't say i like the tories but it 's really getting out of hand . 
  scottish politics essentially revolves around how we can get rid of them . 
  [ this is basically labour 's election strategy ] ( http://imgur.com/a/girj3 ) . 
  and of course no more tory governments is basically the justification for independence . 
  nah i do n't really agree with this at all . 
  the culture of tory-bashing is extremely strong in scotland , the party is held in the highest level of contempt and both the snp and scottish labour have been riding that wave for years . 
  the snp have stated that not only will they not prop up david cameron , they will not work with him in any way and will vote down his government under any circumstances . 
  even if the snp felt inclined to work with the tories , they need to win over more labour voters to achieve independence . 
  besides after the tories scaremongering about the snp it would destroy their own support as well . 
  they 've been spouting `` vote labour get snp '' for months . 
  like everyone else in scotland it seems . 
  : / i did n't vote for independence but i agree with most of what the snp say . 
  less austerity please , more europe , more decentralistion and i would vote for absolutely anyone who was offering voting reform . 
  plus i 've become completely disillusioned with scottish labour . 
  if i was living in england i would probably vote lib dem or labour . 
  i 'm hoping for labour in government with either the lib dems ( coalition ) or snp ( s&c ) . 
  also hoping that when the * evil scotnats who want to eat your morris dancers * gain 50 odd seats with 3 % of the vote and liberals + ukip+g reens gain less seats with 25 % that there will be a massive outrage leading to vote reform . 
  edit : i also forgot . 
  house of lords reform . 
  fuck having a legislature full of defeated politicians , hereditary members and church of england bishops . 
  this is n't the fucking 17th century . 
  really ? 
  this sub used to be brigaded by the far right all the time . 
  there were tonnes of threads bashing immigrants and gypsies . 
  `` ramblin rambo '' used to suggest about massacring africans crossing the mediterranean and get upvoted for it . 
  literally the way i found this sub was because of discussion somewhere else about how racist it was and the first thread i clicked was full of people who wanted to expel asylum seekers . 
  i think the two big things that really changed / r/europe were : * the ukraine crisis - which caused / r/europe to develop a much more political and aggressively anti-russian tone * the formation of / r/european . 
  all the far-right people went there to circlejerk about how immigration is a jewish plot and such bullshit , and so / r/europe became far more left wing that it was . 
  i propose all the [ bestest nations ] ( http://imgur.com/1i66vw6 ) join together in the atlantic-pacific union and dominate the entire world . 
  `` the media brainwashed them '' always seems like a lazy explanation tbh . 
  i would be money that there is another reason . 
  he speaks french , german and spanish as well . 
  i think his mother is dutch and wife is spanish ? 
  what 's happening in scotland is quite extraordinary , almost a revolution . 
  the snp is about 25 points ahead of any other party and on track to win 80 or 90 % of the seats . 
  in scotland the labour party has been totally dominant ( in terms of uk elections ) for almost 60 years . 
  they 've become extremely arrogant , self-serving , incompetent and directionless . 
  the atmosphere in scotland has become extremely vindictive towards them . 
  they are experiencing 30 % swings away from their party in the strongest heartlands , losing seats where they had a 57 point majority last time around , their slimy leader ( third on one election cycle ) is likely to be eliminated less than a year after taking the job , their uk-wide national campaign director and shadow foreign secretary is ten points behind his challenger - a 20 year old girl just out of school . 
  they could be almost totally wiped out in scotland . 
  it 's unprecedented and frankly i 'm reveling in it . 
  besides yugoslavia none of our main sources of refugees have become safe again . 
  when a country has been destroyed it takes decades to rebuild the state . 
  iraq , syria , afghanistan , somalia , libya , eritrea : several have been in chaos for decades and none are showing any prospect of developing peace and security in the near future . 
  5 % of sweden are criminals ? 
  that 's impressive for a country with one of the lowest crime rates in the world . 
  i totally did not know this was a thing . 
  do you think it would help them get reparations either ? 
  i think there is extremely little chance there would be any consequences at all . 
  like i said everyone knows turkey committed genocide against armenians , it 's not like it makes a difference whether turkey acknowledges that or not . 
  if armenia was able to sue it would have done so by now . 
  plus i do n't believe we give reparations to * any * of the countries we ever genocided , so the west would never try to force anything like that to happen . 
  it 's more likely they would be on turkey 's side . 
  this is frankly getting boring . 
  it was never about the fact that the genocide happened . 
  half of europe has at some point commited genocide against everyone else well done for realising that . 
  it was always about the fact that turkey trying to erase/whitewash one of the worst attrocities of the 20th century for the purpose of ultranationalism . 
  it is about what is happening in the present day , not what has happened in the past .
