  in the last budget the deficit was the same as it was in 2010 . 
  debt continues to tick up at an alarming rate , as in addition to rising government debt tory cuts have preceded an explosion of personal debt . 
  productivity is ( astoundingly ) down , wages are not increasing in any meaningful sense and living standards have not improved . 
  but most disgustingly imo is where their economic priorities lie . 
  i believe in small government and low taxes but i do n't understand why with the tories it always has to be on the backs of the poor in favour of the rich . 
  the tories have cut the top rate of tax and have enabled those with rich daddies to inherit up to a million pounds in assets tax free . 
  meanwhile they 've raised vat ( a tax ton the poor ) and would 've done away with tax credits too if they 'd got their way . 
  i find it honestly inconceivable . 
  only a very small amount of jobs are zero hours contracts . 
  and most people on them are students/pensioners happy with their situation . 
  although there are some people whose zero hour contracts are being abused it 's not really a huge problem as labour says . 
  imo the whole `` ban zero hours contracts !!! '', 
  rhetoric is , along with stuff like the mansion tax , just a populist talking point invented by some focus group because labour does n't have any actual ideas about how to run the country differently . 
  / r/european is calling for a coup and hoping for a civil war . 
  : ^ ) but do n't worry it 's just a `` free speech '' sub . 
  they are merely concerned citizens worried about immigration . 
  it was n't the `` main parties '' that stopped fn it was their voters . 
  i find it pathetic how fn fanboys are crying about how it 's `` undemocratic '' that ps did n't let them sail into absolute power with barely over a third of the vote . 
  what a completely ridiculous idea of democracy . 
  evidently the majority of people hate fn so much they 'd rather be governed by any of the moderate parties . 
  the majority did n't want your party to rule so they are n't ruling . 
  democracy : deal with it . 
  what a simplistic worldview . 
  what momentum ? 
  fn has had the perfect political climate for victory - migrant crisis , terrorist attacks , etc yet has not grown their vote in almost 2 years . 
  they basically got the same results this election as they did in the local elections ( january ) and european elections ( may 2014 ) . 
  they did n't win the elections though . 
  french elections are weird . 
  they have two rounds - the first eliminates lesser contenders and then the second one decides the winner . 
  i do n't really know how you can complain about the statement fn is isolationist . 
  they are in every way . 
  social policy , foreign policy , even economic policy . 
  they are even opposed to foreign businesses selling services and goods in france . 
   the socialists in france are n't doing real socialism . 
  well that 's just objectively true is n't it . 
  maybe because these right wing parties have policies * other * than immigration and most of them are incredibly illiberal in every way ? 
  look at fn for example , their solution to * everything * is increased state control over france . 
  i find it increasingly annoying how people act like if you 're against these parties it means you 're a muslimhugger who wants to flood the eu with third world refugees . 
  that 's even worse than islamic schools tbh . 
  i think pew does it 's own research ? 
  based on a google search it seems semi accurate : cnn - 40,000 wikipedia - 40,000 - 60,000 bbc - 60,000 rt - 40,000-60 ,000 jewish virtual library - 40,000 gatestone institute - 60,000 the last is an a neoconservative think tank widely considered anti islamic so if they 're saying 60,000 i doubt they 'd under-exaggerate . 
  i wish countries would just record this shit on their censuses though . 
  it 's almost as if right-wing parties in europe have other policies besides muslims . 
  * fn wants to withdraw from global markets by erecting protectionist barriers . 
  an astounding act of stupidity for a country that does 14 times more business outside it 's territory than foreign companies do in france . 
  * fn knows this will increased unemployment and damage the economic growth of both france and the eu , but it is more important to them that france is n't `` subjugated '' by global capitalism * fn opposes both capitalism and socialism and wants to control every aspect of the economy including state seizure of key industries , which of course everyone knows works out every time . 
  * fn wants to abolish of gay marriage and overturning of laws , the introduction of new subsidies and credits aimed at encouraging fn 's view of the perfect , ideal family * you will notice as this list goes on that fn 's answer to everything is to increase state control over all of french society * fn wants an extensive police state where the police are militarised , the police are given `` legitimate defence '' to use firearms against suspects , mass surveillance is greatly expanded to the extent police can tap any communications without warrant and lawbreakers are punished with death * fn wants an end to the european union and also called for french withdrawal of nato . 
  they have denounced french politicians as puppets of the united states and declared that they favour russia whose expansionist policies they support . 
  they wish to see an end to the unity of western democracies and a return to 20th century politics where every nation had it 's own foreign policy . 
  but i 'm sure sacrificing all the unity , liberty and prosperity we have built over the last 70 years will be worth it if only we can ban mosques ( lol ) . 
  and the far right wonders why the media and political elites treat them like they are dumb fucks . 
  it 's because they act like it . 
  [ where the money comes from ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2013/3/20/1363800264587/budget-spending-and-tax-r-001.jpg ) is actually more interesting imo . 
  income tax only makes up a quarter of total receipts ( not including national insurance ) . 
  not what i expected at all . 
  how is it a media conspiracy when fn publicly supports russia 's invasion of ukraine , calls putin the `` the defender of european civilisation '' , receives money from kremlin banks and wants to dissolve nato and the eu . 
  the radical right likes russia because they view it as an `` independent and sovereign '' nationalist state on which to model their own countries . 
  it 's no different for fn which denounces french politicians are `` semi-puppets '' controlled by the us and claims france has been `` subjugated '' by the eu , global capitalism and the us . 
  if fn ever comes to power the unity of western democracies is basically over and the eu is finished . 
  i get this is a really good result for fn , but it seems silly to call this an `` fn landslide '' when they only won 28 % of the vote and have a mere one point lead over their competitors . 
  edit : also they have barely grown their vote since the eu/local elections . 
  considering how the migrant crisis and paris attacks have given them perfect ammunition this is surely disappointing for them ? 
  it does n't mean nothing . 
  but they do n't even control their own finances . 
  controlling holyrood is nothing like really being in government . 
   they criticize things that other party refuse to discuss : `` lost territories '' ( they exist ) wow is that for real ? 
  which territories ? 
  if true then that 's a new level of nuts . 
  the truly destructive/authoritarian fn policies are those on economics , foreign policy and security so i doubt that will happen unfortunately . 
  more likely it will give them legitimacy . 
  much like how the snp derives legitimacy from being in government in scotland despite not really having much responsibility at all . 
  the fact when faced with such an overwhelming volume of empirical evidence people still think a protectionist and/or a state controlled economy can work effectively is a testament to human stupidity . 
  but the fact they want it in france is especially astounding . 
  france does 14 times as much business outside of france than foreign companies do in their country . 
  a country with such a massively favourable balance of capital flow withdrawing from global markets would be a truly phenomenal act of economic masochism . 
  but fn is not really unique in prioritising ideological purity over practical concerns . 
  the fn * is * extreme though . 
  not because of their opposition to immigration which is what people excessively focus on whenever talking about the fn . 
  but because they basically want to overthrow the entire political and economic order in france . 
  in particular : * they favour russia over eu/us and essentially want to break up the longstanding unity of western democracies . 
  they are opposed to the existence and french membership of both the eu and nato . 
  * they are opposed to both capitalism and socialism . 
  they want to withdraw from the global markets by imposing protectionist barriers and impose what is effectively a state controlled autarky . 
  * they are frankly obscenely authoritarian in their desire to control every aspect of the french economy and society . 
  this comment was so stupid i 'm not sure if it 's satirical . 
  fn is quite frank about it 's admiration for putin 's regime `` the defender of european civilisation and christian heritage '' . 
  why would n't they . 
  russia has the conservative , nationalist and authoritarian culture the fn wants france to have . 
  but do n't worry , i 'm sure it will be worth letting these people in charge as long as we 're rid of the muslims . 
  who would n't want to have a political culture like that of russia ? 
  they 're also quite open about their desire to withdraw from the eu/us block in order to make an alliance with their fellow authoritarian nationalists . 
  but do n't worry , i 'm sure the destruction of the unity western europe has enjoyed since the end of wwii will be worth it as long as we 're rid of the muslims . 
  the comments on this thread show what an idiotic circlejerk / r/europe has become . 
  dae highly authoritarian , socially conservative , protectionist , anti-eu , pro-putin nationalists dominating europe 's second largest country is a good thing because le muslamics are the only political issue of our time ? 
  what specifically do you disagree with . 
  apart from the social conservative stuff that all seems pretty accurate compared to what i 've been told about fn . 
  anti-globalism seems like such a stupid movement to me . 
  you may as well oppose the rotation of the earth . 
  globalisation is a reality . 
  it is a consequence of modern technology that people , ideas and capital can move all over the world .
