  as such right wingers coming into power is seen as being beneficial to putin . 
  the german version pegi and esrb , the rating boards ( i believe that 's what they 're called ) for video games . 
  soooooooooo ... . what do scottish toads play ? 
  well even if that 's true , it 's was worth informing him/her of the service . 
  if you 're under 28 years old you could have a look at [ nordjobb ] ( http://nordjobb.org/sv/ ) , they have bunch of seasonal jobs all over the nordic countries , meant for youths . 
  they were searching for a bunch of people for winter jobs in norway recently . 
  and they provide housing . 
  she 's about to sneeze . 
  okay , so npr clearly did n't understand what this was about . 
  the law is about forcing companies to show proof that they pay women and men the same wage . 
  the southern fenno-swedes tend to be far more liberal than the north-western ones , mainly due to the various revival movements , like the leastandians , being centered in the northwest . 
  one of the reasons cited by comic shop owners according to a french editor is that bd 's do n't fit on their store shelves . 
  another one is that french comics are too erotic , comic books are for children , after all ^ ^ / s . cinebook , an english publisher has several times censored the french comics they 've translated . 
  that turns away a lot of fans . 
  and bds are too expensive in comparison to us comics , as well as being a niche within a niche ( comic book movies are popular , actual comics ... not so much ) and as such not worth the cost of translating . 
  franco-belgian comics ca n't really compete with manga on a dollar-per-page level either . 
  although i suppose the ankama stuff might sell a bit better with the help of the tv-series . 
  my brain keeps saying old danish or icelandic farmer , but then it starts sounding to romance-ish, 
  but if nuclear power is so clean , as / u/blueeyedblonde69 says , then why would we even need to bury the waste in specially made containers in the first place ? 
  why not throw it on the trash heap like everything else ? 
  the very simple answer , the waste nuclear power produces is not clean . 
  if we had reactors that could re-use the waste ( iirc those kind of reactors exist ) then nuclear power would be quite a lot cleaner . 
  for the record , i 'm not against nuclear power , i just do n't trust the finnish government when it comes to public projects , considering it 's taken them 13 years to build one nuclear powerplant . 
  if it 's so clean then why was the finnish government so hellbent on buring the nucelar waste deep underground and then panicking when they found out that the containers decompose faster than previously estimated ? 
  makes sense , the swedish speaking west coast is where you 'll find what we refer to as `` hihuliter '' ( a catch-all term for members of religious sects/movements ) . 
  i would n't be surprised if some groups believe vaccinating is sinful or something . 
   \\ our only source of domestically produced chips  \\ nothing of value gtfo , you unpatriotic swine . 
  personifications of countries are often female . 
  the finnish maiden , germania , britannia , europa . 
  the most famous non-female personification is uncle sam i 'd wager . 
  although i 've seen som female personifications of the usa . 
  you would n't happen to know if there is any good literature on witch hunts in finland ? 
  a stick with a certified and established lineage of predecessors . 
  stickhorses are serious business i 've been told . 
  / r/eyebleach there you go . 
  it 'll be alright . 
  well she did n't advocate it . 
  she claimed it was the reason for it 's origins . 
  although i have heard the nitwitted claim that women in isreal have less uterus cancer due to men having circumsions . 
  i believe she meant it as an origin of the practice rather than a reason to curcumcise . 
  from back when people did n't wear as much clothing . 
  and why on god 's green earth you do something like that to your balls ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  that poor kid , hopefully he gets some form of surgery to fix/help with the botched one . 
  just imagine having to deal with a botched curcumsion as a teenager . 
  it 's bad enough without it . 
  my aunt always claimed it 's to stop infections from getting sand under the foreskin . 
  you do that for some thousand years and someone will eventually come up with a religious reason for it to convince people . 
  edit : she claimed it was the origins of the practise , she did n't advocate for it . 
  what on earth is a tunnelled ball sack ? 
  i would google it but i 'm afraid of what i could find . 
   poland  jakub i see the white devil heritage is strong in poland :\\ ^ ), 
  if i was part of the scottish government i 'd do some cultural exporting and send these poor people some kilts , so they do n't have to wear shorts . 
  that was probably installed after hakkarainen showed up . 
  you forgot the part where hakkarianen said that all immigrants and homosexuals should be deported to \u00c5land so they could build their progressiv utopia . 
  oh , and when hirvisaari 's assistant * ironically * wrote that minorities should were armbands so the police would identify them more easily . 
  sadly that did n't go anywhere , [ we even made such great design for it and everything ] ( https://svenska.yle.fi/artikel/2012/04/12/har-ar-nu-den-finlandssvenska-armbindeln#&amp;gid=0&amp;pid=14-svyle-91894531973bfa6745 ) ( the left one ) :\\ ^ ), 
  well both kd and rkp have said the government program has to be scrapped and renegotiated for them to work with center and nc and at least one of rkps demands is that the education cuts be removed . 
  they might also try to increase the limits on earnings for students again as well . 
  one can hope at least . 
  they both currently have a very good bargining position . 
  unless ps has an exodus of mps to center . 
  wait , do finnish-speakers actually take iltasanoma and iltalehti seriously ? 
  pretty much everyone i know regards them as the finnish versions of aftonbladet & expressen , as in , rags barely worth reading . 
  also is n't that article an opinion piece ? 
  as in it 's obviously going to be biased ? 
  having read that i think the `` finland '' he 's talking about and the sources mention is not the same finland we talk about , but rather the finnish speaking parts of the realm and the swedish-speaking parts . 
  seeing as he bases his thinking on a cultural group/entity , if i read it correctly . 
  so the `` finland '' he talks about would be modern day finland minus \u00c5land , ostrobothnia , finland proper and nyland . 
  plus the area in northern sweden were m\u00e4enkieli is spoken . 
  seeing as that would be the places were the cultural entity is the majority . 
  the borders between finland and sweden are from the czar feeling pity for the negotiator being ill and making a quick descision and not from some sort of ethnic border . 
  because he was a fenno-swede . 
  his mothertongue was swedish . 
  his finnish was shakey and he usually wrote down what he had to say when adressing people in finnish . 
  [ mannerheim wonders the same thing ] ( https://youtu.be/rl852iez2zm ) :\\ ^ ), 
   president donald duck stop right there , criminal scum !!, 
  that duck is a national treasure . 
  do n't you dare drag him to your mocking of president trumpadour . 
  why would n't i partly blame the russians in the ukraine ? 
  after all enough of them supported putin 's ambitions for him to prop up the rebels . 
  but that was n't the point . 
  the point was that having a russian minority that refuses to assimilate or even just learn estonian as some of them do , and that can become `` oppressed '' at putin 's whims is percived as a threat to their nation by estonians . 
  and that viewpoint is not completely unfounded as the russian government 's actions in ukraine show . 
  and that is the reason why the estonians hate and fear the russians in estonia . 
  besides the minority 's purpose up until 1991 that is . 
  and the only way to negate this is to assimilate to such an extensive degree , that the russian government would n't be able to use them . 
  also the russians that live in ukraine were n't ukrainian before 1991 . 
  so most have not lived their whole lives in ukraine . 
  and there is a very good reason why they both fear and hate them and want them to assimilate . 
  the russian minority in estonia was created by the soviet union for the purpose of slowly eradicating the estonian culture , language and identity . 
  they are also a tool for the russians to saber-rattle with if it were n't for the fact the estonia is a member of nato . 
  just look at what happened in ukraine and you get the horror-scenario . 
  acctually it was n't possibly german . 
  low german was the lingua franca for a very long time in the baltic . 
  in `` a history of finland '' henrik meinander even says the swedish kings made several edicts to prohibit german dominance in city administration around the realm , but the edicts had little effect . 
  and in the eastern part of finland ( the part that was returned after the crimean war ) german was the language of administration . 
  also the first newspaper in viborg was in german . 
  i feel the need to point out for anyone reading that there were poor , uneducated peasants and workers that spoke swedish in finland too since the middle ages as people seem to still harp on about the old `` swedish was only the language of the opressing nobility ! '', 
  it 's worth noting from the article , that the numbers are not just citizens with syrian background , but also people with temporary residency ( i think thats the right word for it ) .
