i 'm farthest from finland , poland weeeeeeeeell . 
  this is awkward . 
   mainly for failing to recognize the reality of the languages in finland yeah , i can guarantee you that most finland-swedes are very well aware of the reality of languages in this country  refusing to speak finnish in what situations exactly ? 
   i 'm more predisposed to dislike self-entitled finland 's svensk why exactly ? 
  why would anybody do that , he/she does n't even speak real swedish . 
  well , then it becomes more of an upbringing issue , i 've been taught to respect teachers , police officers and other persons of authority . 
  i may not like them all , but still i respect them . 
  i would never in my life , no matter how angry i am , throw stones at firemen helping people . 
  that 's seriously bullshit . 
  if the youth is taught to respect authority at an early age e.g. 
  respect the teacher in kindergarten , which at least in my class was a problem , most of my classmates had no respect for the teachers , coupled with friendly , local police officers , is in my opinion the solution . 
  that 's how i was brought up at least and i do n't see them as an enemy , they are here to protect us . 
  some of them might be assholes , but then again their job is n't all sunshine and bunnies either . 
  aaah , politics , well there 's not much one can do about that except vote . 
  is n't hollande left-wing , has he talked about it ? 
  i did n't exactly mean that dispersion should be applied to poor people , more for immigrants , as we have to remember not all immigrants are poor . 
  when it comes to poor people i 'm more for social benefits some in the form of money and other in forms of courses to educate themselves and help in finding jobs . 
  well , here are the solutions that should be implemented , in my opinion , but disclaimer this is an outside perspective , i have no hands on experience with french immigration policies . 
  the police need to be on the streets , in the districts . 
  also some police officers need to be locals from these districts . 
  there has to be these '' friendly neighborhood police officers '' that know the people who live there , to serve as a human connection to these institutions . 
  the second problem is that there should n't be areas where only immigrants , in this case muslims , live , they should be spread out over the country so that they will have to join society and integrate into in this case french society and become french in the sense that they identify themselves as french . 
  this of course is n't a possibility for as you already have areas where almost only immigrants live in . 
  that is , in my opinion , the way to solve these problems, 
  was the protests violent or anything , or was it just a peaceful protest ? 
  if something like this happens the police should just tell everyone to calm the fuck down and conduct a proper investigation into what happened and determine if there 's any proof for either version . 
  it would have been best if they would have done so before any protest could happen . 
  of course there are decent ones , they just are n't the ones that get media coverage , it 's those who refuse to integrate and think that they are allowed to murder siblings for the sake of honour that get most of the media coverage and should be deported in my opinion . 
  this can be applied to any immigrants , of course , not just muslims . 
  question : what were the muslims protesting about ? 
   dunno , all finns i 've met absolutely hated speaking swedish , and were n't particularly good at it ( probably for that reason ) -- they strongly preferred speaking with me in english . 
  1 that 's the point !, 
  we are all bi-lingual on paper , not in reality . 
  2 you 're danish , of course they will speak english with you  why is it important to you that other people learn your language , when you 're in their country ? 
  sure , it 's yours as well , but basques and catalonians do n't expect to go to madrid and `` get service '' in basque and catalonian . 
  [ here 's a map ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:svenskfinland_municipalities_2008.png ) please think about where the capital of finland is located and most larger cities . 
  we have brains you know , none of us would go to e.g. 
  imatra and demand service in swedish . 
   before then , everything sweden did , finland did too . 
  because we could only react , we were not allowed to do anything because we had big brother soviet union watching us . 
  ever heard of [ finlandization ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnlandisierung ) if you 're talking about social reforms , we had extensive plans before the war , which due to having to pay the soviets , could only be implemented later . 
  after sweden , untouched by the war , had implemented them . 
  and they also generally think your accent is `` ugly '' , because it is influenced by finnish -- it 's a rather unfortunate situation . 
  i 've never met a swede who 's thought that . 
  they 've thought that about finns who 've spoken swedish , but never a finland-swede . 
  we speak teh way 1800th century swedes spoke in their ears . 
   and therefore you , over a hundred years later , as a person with absolutely no responsibility or relation to those events , should be privileged for it ? 
  i never said we had privilege . 
  i simply stated the fact that whatever power dynamic in domestic affair existed was not one that gave us any sort of upper hand . 
   let 's not go there ... maybe i went to far ... but then again , members of the perussuomalaiset wanted to deport homosexuals , immigrants and finland-swedes . 
  others openly encouraged harassment and murder of muslims and immigrants . 
  and one of the leaders of the party said that we should have put a military junta in charge of greece . 
  oh , wait another one had a real gem , she ( i think it was a she ) wanted ** that we ( finland-swedes and other minorities ) should wear a symbol on our cloths so that we can be easily identified ** sound familiar ? 
  oh , but here 's the best part , the perussuomalaiset are set to become at least the second biggest party in finland . 
   consider the number of swedish names on this list , and this list too . 
  the two lists are the same . . but look at the presidential list this way : * st\u00e5lhberg ( fennoman ) * relander ( fennoman ) * svinhufvud ( finland-swede ) * kallio ( finn ) * ryti ( finn ) * mannerheim ( finland-swede ) * paasikivi ( fennoman ) * kekkonen ( finn ) * koivisto ( finn ) * ahtisaari ( finn ) * halonen ( finn ) * niinist\u00f6 ( finn )  and as i said in my first comment , the very fact that you , as a small minority population , have the majority population learning your language , just so you can get serviced in your native language , is a testament of it as well . 
  and as i have stated before , the politicians , the majority finns , are keeping it that way . 
  if the finns do n't like it , they only have themselves to blame that they did n't vote for someone how wants to take it away . 
  it 's democracy 101 . 
   yup . 
  meaning that finnish carried a social stigma that persists to this day ( although of course not to the same degree ) . 
  the first people who advocated speaking finnish after finland became a part of the russian empire were finland-swedes and they were not peasants , they were highly educated members of the upper-class of society . 
   alright , fair enough . 
  is n't it still a little bit weird , though , that you feel you have the right to `` get service '' in your native language , and that all finnish people should learn swedish for your sake , instead of the other way around ? 
  of course i should have the right to get service in my language . 
  this is our country just as much as it 's the finns ' . 
  we 've fought together for this country 's freedom and build it up together . 
  we 've lived here for over 800 years . 
  the l\u00f6rdagss\u00e4llskapet were a group of finland-swedes who started advocating that we should be separate nation from russia and sweden . 
  just as french-canadians get service in the french parts of canada , we should get service in swedish in swedish parts of the right to get service , within reason , meaning in areas where we live . 
  the thing with forcing people to have both language is because it sounds nice on paper , finland seems like a progressive nation internationally , because we are bi-lingual . 
  personally i think that we could take it away and in return get a guarantee from the state that we 'll get service in swedish in the areas where we live . 
  problem solved . 
  but that 's politics , and it 's most of the finnish parties who say we should keep it as well as the sfp/rkp . 
   i 'm criticising a very specific power dynamic that exists between finns and swedes , both on an international political level and on a national level in finnish domestic policies , that has historically privileged swedes what is this power dynamic on an international level you speak of ? 
  and most swedes in sweden do n't even know we exist , for that matter , so waht ever it is , do n't you go dragging us into that . 
  and we finland-swedes gave away the power to do whatever we wanted in finnish domestic policies when we reformed the government in 1906 . 
  if the finns wanted to make us all second class citizens and put us all in gas chambers , they could just as well do that , we ca n't stop them . 
  so do n't around saying that we have some sort of political power over them . 
   no , but all the aristocrats did speak swedish . 
   meaning what exactly ? 
  many also spoke french and german . 
   i just think you 've been brought up thinking that you do n't need to integrate or even speak with native finns , that they should learn your language rather than the other way around , and that learning finnish as a swede is somehow beneath you . 
  what do you think we are , anti-social , isolationist idiots ? 
  here 's a question , have you ever actually met a finland-swede ? 
  you 'll find that we are well-integrated in to society , we all speak finnish , my finnish happens to on the weak side , because i come from a home where we only speak swedish when i was little , and that we tend to be very social . 
  i 'm starting to think that this whole thing is just that you do n't like swedes and that 's why you say that we should integrate into a society that we created and already are integrated in by not speaking swedish . 
  because you sound just like a member of the sannfinl\u00e4ndarna / perussuomalaiset . 
  i did n't mean it as in i take credit for that . 
  the swedish king approved the idea that he just as well could have rejected . 
   the reason a swede came up with a way to write the finnish language was that swedish was the language of the nobility , while finnish was the language of the peasantry ( much like how german was the language of danish nobility , and danish the language of the peasantry ) . 
  oh , then what language did the peasants in sweden speak ? 
  or , you know , the swedish peasants that lived in finland ? 
  wait , you do n't seriously believe that only aristocrats spoke swedish in finland , do you ? 
   good . 
  it 's a waste of resources in an already small country to cater to a privileged minority that refuses to integrate . 
  did you even read the last part ? 
  it was only an example of how we are n't this grey eminence that secretly controls the entire country . 
  the point is that instead of oppressing the finns into learning swedish , we gave them a written version of their own language to make communication easier .
