  now orders from the duke could be translated for the finns . 
  could you also tell me how exactly the finns were oppressed . 
  i do n't go around expecting everyone to give me service in swedish , i 'm not stupid . 
  go tell that to the finns who walk around on \u00c5land expecting service in finnish that . 
  where did you get the idea that we are their masters ? 
  right now the government is trying to pass a bill that would ruin our possibilities of getting swedish service in healthcare institutions and there 's pretty much nothing we can do about it . 
  it probably wo n't pass , but that 's because most people think it 's a stupid-ass bill that will ruin all public healthcare , not just us finland-swedes . 
  i know how it sounds , but argument kind of fails due to the fact that mikael agricola , the sole bishop of finland at the time , a swede , created the written version of the finnish language . 
  and iirc with the consent of the swedish king , gustav vasa . 
  i know i can learn finnish , never said i could n't . 
  but i 'm fairly sure that french-canadians also can learn english , but still have the right to get service in french . 
  i want to see you go to quebec and tell the people living there that they should n't demand service in french , because english is the dominant language in canada . 
  or how about basque country go there and tell them they should n't get any service in basque because they live in spain/france . 
  see what happens . 
  well , yes , they spoke a more gramatically correct and pronunced words better than some finns i 've met , that 's what i meant . 
  i meant that they were considered swedish citizens just like my ancestors . 
  i also meant that finland was east sweden , the idea of finland being a separate nation was something that we finland-swedes came up with in the middle of the 19th century . 
  also this is my preception of things , and i 'm not the standard finland-swede , i can guarantee you that . 
  i happened to be the only kid in school who had n't learned finnish at home , hence my lack of motivation for it and together with my finnish teacher not being very good , led to me not learning it very well . 
  i 've met finland-swedes who speak finnish better than finns . 
  you have to understand that we have always been able to get that service in our language , not being able to get it is a pretty new development . 
  the language border in the south was still intact in the 50s , only to be destroyed in the 60s with urbanization along the coast , where we 've lived since the 12th - 13th century . 
  in the place where i live there was n't a single finnish school in the 60s and now we finland-swedes are ini the minority . 
  perhaps this explains it best , we 've lived here for over 800 years speaking swedish , why would we want to change that ? 
  edit : it 's 2 am in the morning here do n't expect a response anytime soon , if you respond . 
  finland-swedes were not a ruling class , the finns were all considered swedes , they spoke a very , very , very weird language , but they were still considered swedes , finland-swedes were better off because we lived near the coast and all official business was in swedish , but we were not a ruling class . 
  finns did n't start thinking of themselves as finnish before we told them to , to stop them from becoming russian . 
  here 's the thing , we are all taught finnish and swedish in school , that does not mean that we are bi-lingual . 
  i 'm in no way bi-lingual , my mother tongue is swedish and only swedish . 
  my finnsh is tolerable at best , but that because i taught myself german and english way before finnish and my teachers could n't motivate me to properly learn it until much later . 
  the thing with service in our language is that there used to be language borders in the south , there still are on the west coast , if you 're born one block , you only speak swedish and if you 're born one block away it might be that you only speak finnish . 
  and if somebody hands me papers to sign i want them in my mother tongue , so i make sure that i 'm not missing one thing and when the physician starts saying what 's wrong with me i do n't want the possibility of misunderstanding stuff to exist . 
  a swedish person who knows that we exist ?!, 
  what kind of sorcery is this ??!, 
  oh , you 're one of those people . 
  there are finland-swedes that are poor , there are those who are rich and those in between . 
  finland-swedes are often better off due to the more closely-knit communities , but of course not always . 
  it 's mostly a sterotype that gets thrown around . 
  we demand mandatory swedish in schools because it 's the only way to guarantee service in our language for the most part . 
  i mean it 's still not enough in some cases like nurses for elderly people . 
  or healthcare in general . 
  the concept of imperialism did not exist in feudal europe , we did n't even have colonialism yet . 
  imperialism would require strong , centralized governments and they did not exist at the time , hence feudalism . 
  the resentment comes from a sort of little-brother-complex that finland has against sweden . 
  that 's why it 's so important to win against sweden in ice-hockey . 
  it also stems from ignorance of swedish ( at the same time finnish ) history , and there 's also the belief that sweden occupied and colonized finland for 700 years , of course only some believe that , not everyone . 
  and of course from the fact that people like me , hurrin , exist . 
  and that we demand compulsory swedish in schools and swedish service , because if we do n't we ca n't get any service in our language . 
  and this is n't very popular so basically we 're ruining your reputation here , but you do n't know we exist sooo yeah.perhaps this will help you understand . 
  imperialism in 12th century europe , yup , good luck with that . 
  surprise , surprise , that 's where i live . 
  i do n't know what people in rovaniemi or imatra call it , never been there . 
  we use tisika here down south in hurri land . 
  just kidding , in the south around helsinki , at least a lot of my friends use it and most of my relatives . 
  fyrk , fyge , fyffe , sp\u00e4nn , st\u00e5lar = money tjugge , tjusika = 20 $ tisika = 10 $ those are the only ones i can remember at the moment , there are probably lots more . 
  grass is n't h\u00f6 in swedish , h\u00f6 is hay . 
  grass is gr\u00e4s in swedish and hein\u00e4 is also hay for that matter . 
  it 's so cheap it 's as if we 're looting their stores . 
  but you see , here in the civilized part of finland ( helsingfors metropolitan area ) everyone just takes the boat to estonia and buy a shit-ton of every sort of alcohol there . 
   as bigger thing for alcohol they buy for cheap in finland . 
  there is no such thing as cheap alcohol in finland . 
  it 's also the danish , norwegian and swedish name for estonia . 
  do n't know why he/she used it though . 
  there are researchers that say that n\u00e4rpes-dialect is the closest you can get . 
  then again icelandic is a language , whereas n\u00e4rpesiska is classified as a dialect of swedish . 
  but i do n't know the specifics.i read some articles on it a long time ago . 
  having heard spoken `` n\u00e4rpesiska '' , it sounds like some very weird form of danish . 
  i did my military service in nylands brigad , in a company with 90 % ostrobothnians ... 
  i still have nightmares . 
  edit : the reason why it sounds nothing like modern swedish is because n\u00e4rpes dialect is the closest you can get to old nordic . 
  that 's how hardcore hillbillies live there . 
  also here 's ted from yle x3m giving you the news in pampas dialect ( ostrobothnian ) http://youtu.be/ujrp3xxpose, 
  d\u00e4g\u00e4 !, 
   neo magazin royale oh man , their hitler videos are friggin ' hilarious . 
  you forgot this gem . 
  well now , i do n't think the our new government is going to look kindly at that . 
  especially the finns . 
  neither will a lot of citizens . 
  * swedish - native * german - fluent , or at least used to be , god bless rtl 's anime block * english - fluent , rome/medieval ii : total war , various other video games and school . 
  * finnish - people say i speak it just fine , but that ca n't be true , they 've got to be lying . 
  they have to be . 
  and i recently finished a beginners course in french , so i know how to order a glass of red wine , so it 's something . 
  speak : * swedish ( mother-tongue ) * finnish ( somewhat , finnish is literally the wurst ) * german ( fluently , at least used to , god bless rtl ii 's anime block ) * english ( thanks empire earth and rome : total war ;p ) currently learning : * french ( just finished my beginners course , p\u00e5 arbis i stan :p ) want to learn : * italian * spanish * danish ( so i can better understand those northerns ' gibbrish dialect ) * norwegian ( so i can better understand those northerns ' gibbrish dialect ) * dutch * russian * japanese, 
  clearly the only logical next step is to photoshop jimme \u00c5kesson or reinfeldt into the pictures , give an anonomys tip that it was a private party and watch swedish tabloids and twitter explode . 
  yes i did . 
  i had n't heard about them wishing to join the cabinet . 
  makes sense though , now that he 's purged the worst racists from the party . 
  my guess is that it will end up kesk , ps , sdp and vas then . 
  as sdp probably wants someone to back them up against ps and kesk . 
  but you never know . 
  not sure the greens though . 
  i have a feeling they might want to join a puna-multa cabinet . 
  but there 's no way in hell rkp will sit in the same cabinet as ps . 
  according to the last poll i saw , the three biggest parties account for about 56 % , and i 'm not sure if kesk , sdp and kokoomus would work together considering the last period . 
  so unless the one of the parties get a significant boost , i doubt it 's gon na be a three party coalition . 
  plus rkp always finds a way to join a coalition . 
  always . 
   implying there are swedish-speaking people in \u00c5bo ah yes , '' \u00c5bobor '' , we 've dismissed that claim a long time ago . 
   sweden is lost , emigrate to finland we 're only letting you in if you learn to speak proper swedish first though , so start practising . 
  the way i 've seen it presented is that being right-wing is being against eu and nato , which is seen as the counter-balance to russia 's influence .
