the brits make such good dhimmis , how long before birmingham is declared an islamic emirate ? 
  a before you make fun of such an event , remember that birmingham 's whole education system has now been taken over . 
  the funny thing is i do n't think these findings will change anything ; brits ( and honestly most europeans ) no longer have any backbone or pride and give it a few minutes and some idiot will convince us to even suggest the islamization of state schools is a bad thing is nazist and racist and we should welcome it . 
  then they 'll be the guy that tells us that it 's a teeny tiny minority doing it in ~ ~ one classroom ~ ~ , ~ ~ one school ~ ~ , ~ ~ a small town ~ ~ , birmingham , see guys , it 's not even the biggest city in england , we got nothing to worry about . 
  so that 's your immigration policy ? 
  it 's a charity ? 
  god , you 're the epitome of pathetic . 
   and in the end , who gives a fuck ? 
  sure , a little more crime but we know that we 've saved people from a hellish life and that kinda makes the rest feel pretty unimportant oh my god , it does n't even end there . 
  not only is your immigration policy a charity , once your migrants are in , you give them a free pass to do whatever they want . 
   we have enough money to go around and more . 
  why not help people ? 
  holy shit . 
  sometimes i think you must be some sort of ridiculous caricature , but then i remember you are actually a very faithful representation of swedish mainstream culture and politicians . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raltofl9f2w no one cares . 
   you do realize that there are many other reasons for having an abortion read the article :  spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion , ** allowing the practice only in the case of rape or when there is a serious health risk to the mother or fetus **, 
  good . 
  do n't want a baby ? 
  pull your pants up or use protection . 
  the state should n't have to pay for you to kill a child because you were too lazy to take your pill or ask your gentleman to put on some rubber . 
  ah , sweden , where the left-wing `` anti-fascists '' are actually the most violent , racist and fascist group in the country in bed with the most backward , violent and hateful religion in the world . 
  to make matters worse , the swedish media is extreme left leaning and is more censored than the chinese media . 
  grow up . 
  learn how to converse and make arguments and debate . 
  stop copy pasting random excerpts . 
  lazy and pathetic . 
  that 's not how you debate . 
  i gave my well-thought out and detailed arguments and you copy-pasted random material off the internet . 
  answer my points one by one , detailing what is wrong in my arguments . 
   ps : oh , and apparently the mods of this subs agree with me , because your comment seems to be deleted . 
  funny how i 'm the one being called a nazi yet you rejoice in the censoring of my thoughts . 
   but seeing this kind of nazi rhetoric upvoted in this subreddit is worrying . 
  do n't ever call me a nazi . 
  both my grandfathers died in wwii . 
  i hate nazism . 
  where is there anything in my comment that would suggest i am a nazi or an extreme right-winger ? 
  i welcome immigration ; i welcome east europeans , indians , chinese , japanese , sub-saharan african and middle easter minority ( f.ex . 
  i think syrian and egyptian christians should be automatically granted refugee status ) migrants . 
  i am not racist and i refuse that label . 
  my problem is with muslim migrants because i believe their religion and their culture is completely against european culture and instead of assimilating , they come in and try to impose their customs on us . 
  islam is n't a race . 
  would you consider criticising nazism racism against germans in the 30s ? 
  you continue the multikulti crew 's knee-jerk response to any reasonable criticism of immigration by yelling `` racism '' and `` nazism '' because you obviously have no way to counter my arguments . 
  pathetic . 
  brave . 
  it would be 20 times lower if not for muslim gangs . 
  you did n't answer my comment at all . 
  who the fuck cares about absolute numbers ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  did they replace stats courses in germany with prayer time for muslims ? 
   mistrusted gee , [ i ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/7_july_2005_london_bombings ) [ wonder ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/september_11_attacks ) [ why ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jyllands-posten_muhammad_cartoons_controversy ) ... 
   meanwhile by 2050 over a third of the us will be hispanic and blacks will be the majority demographic . 
  blacks are an integral part of america and american culture . 
  hispanics integrate in america and within a generation or two become fully integrated , assimilated and functional members of society . 
  if the % of hispanics increases , you will see very little difference in america as a result . 
  on the other hand , the situation in europe is completely different . 
  muslims do not integrate and generation after generation they become less and less miscible and functional in european society , that 's the problem . 
   `` in europe as a whole , the muslim share of the population is expected to grow by nearly one-third over the next 20 years , rising from 6 % of the region 's inhabitants in 2010 to 8 % in 2030 . '', 
  and then what ? 
  what after 2030 ? 
  they continue growing that 's what . 
  and notice that the 8 % is europe as a whole . 
  what about a city like brussels for example ? 
  it will be muslim majority by then . 
  would you dare let your daughter/wife/sister ( or even yourself ) walk through the streets of brussels then or even now ? 
  it does n't concern you that huge swathes of europe , including historical cities like brussels and marseilles , will be violent muslim-majority ghettos ? 
  that 's the difference between you and a muslim . 
  if you told a muslim baghdad will be taken over by european christians , he would go nuts that someone would take over his land and violently defend it , you on the other hand like most europeans are shrugging it off if not encouraging it . 
  that 's the difference , the muslim has pride in his land and culture and will violently defend it , europeans on the other hand are old , have lost their pride and are apathetic to the thought that they will soon lose their country to invaders . 
  maybe that 's the point steyn is trying to make . 
  if you walk into your house and you find a thief raping your daughter and stealing your belongings , do you ( a ) chase him out to protect your family or property . 
  ( b ) keep him in , give him food and offer him your wife to ensure he does n't do the same to your neighbors . 
  any reasonable human being would choose a. 
  you protect yourself and your kin first . 
  you do n't bring strangers in to commit crimes . 
  but the delusional european neo-leftist who has delved so far left , he has no longer comprehension of basic survival instincts . 
   he 's committed a crime in sweden . 
  he has n't committed a crime in somalia . 
  who the fuck gives a shit , yes he committed his crime in sweden and his punishment is deportation and removal of his rights to continue living sweden to protect swedish citizens from a monster . 
   if he stays in sweden , he can be locked up . 
  hahahahahahahahaha . 
  this is sweden , he wo n't get a prison sentence longer than a few months . 
  and why the fuck should swedish taxpayers pay thousands if not millions in taxes to support a man who is not swedish and has brought nothing but monstrous atrocities to their country . 
   if he is sent back to somalia he can rape again . 
  oh no , of course , we would n't want a safe haven like somalia to turn into a violent place . 
  maybe sweden can also take in al-shabab and bring them to sweden ( they can be rehabilitated of course ! ), 
  so somalia can really be safe . 
   to rehabilitate/isolate/punish ( take your pick ) him . 
  oh yes rehabilitation of course . 
  just you wait skeptics in a few years he 'll be writing his phd thesis in quantum mechanics . 
  so let 's summarize your thoughts on this , sweden no longer subscribes to the theory that immigration should be reserved for highly qualified individuals but rather for monstrous criminals and when they commit heinous disgusting crimes against citizens , they should not lose any privileges . 
  instead , they should be kept in sweden to commit as many crimes as they would like to prevent the possibility that they commit these crimes in their own country and because there is an electron-microscopic chance that they may be rehabilitated into the successful immigrants you inevitably turned away in the first place to bring in these monsters in the first place . 
  a round of applause for you . 
  you have perfectly exemplified the spineless self hating neo-leftist attitude that has taken over europe and threatens to crumble all of europe . 
  pathetic . 
  sweden along with the rest of europe is the laughingstock of the world and of history . 
  never have we heard of civilizations with such little regard for their heritage , culture and so keen to it crumble by importing criminals and supporting them . 
  our children will hate us for what we have done to europe . 
  and if you think i 'm crazy maybe you should take a look at that video where that young woman is trying to walk through the streets of brussels and gets sexually assaulted dozens of times . 
  i 'm sure she 's not very happy with the idiots who instead of defending her from criminals , continue to bring them in and defend them against `` racists . '',
