think that 's pretty accurate, 
  i thought the poison eggs came from holland, 
  the colours are so beautiful, 
  beautiful, 
  what are you on about, 
  is n't that a pitbull song ? 
  no oh , save the trees, 
  something has to give, 
  nope . 
  by your logic , crime does not happen in a village of 5000 ? 
  i think you need to mind your own . 
  safest place place yet my city was hit with a barge of attacks not a couple of years ago . 
  i do n't get what you are so bothered . 
  i have decided that in my opinion i would not go this this police station . 
  it does not inspire confidence imo . 
  there 's nothing more to it . 
  i grow up on a farm in hannover , far from the centre and the police station still looked like one . 
  i have lived in northern france by the coast . 
  still had a better police station . 
  i reserve the right to my opinion . 
  where are the holding cells ? 
  so if you are in trouble , say someone is chasing you and you know you are n't too far from the station . 
  why would you not run there ? 
  say it 's more than one person and you turn into this community centre with their 2 - 3 police officers . 
  then so be it . 
  still a nope for me . 
  does n't matter where it is , if i am running to police station and this was it ? 
  what can they do ? 
  nope ,, 
  it 's not comforting at all . 
  why does it look like a community centre, 
  wonder what the inside looks like, 
  lived in the u.k. for a little while and i have never seen these before, 
  never thought our country was the snooping type, 
  really want to know why those two are on the floor, 
  he only had a litre of super bock, 
  never seen one of these before , pretty cool, 
  as a researcher conducting research without informed consent is punishable, 
  mit radioactive cereal experiments . 
  cereal also loved by kids . 
  i just think there are more pressing laws that need to passed . 
  than revising all laws to be gender neutral . 
  whole separate laws , do n't you think that sets a president that are not equal to he or she ? 
  from france myself , and i have never had an issue with the laws are written . 
  it is sometimes necessary to have gendered laws . 
  for example laws concerning abortion . 
  biological a man can not abort a child from his womb which he does not have . 
  wonderful that another national will enjoy into accepting gay marriage . 
  i feel as thought banning gendered words is a bit extreme . 
  where i am from , in law , he is for she as she is for he . 
  this is beautiful, 
  title is very misleading, 
  what utter rubbish, 
  why do n't people here speak english ? 
  well that 's just rude and in bad faith . 
  paris and london are so lit up, 
  looks like gum, 
  he will not be missed, 
  there was an attempt, 
  i wonder if he made it himself, 
  i know where i am and to me reverse engineering is a good way to get to know how something works . 
  if you think these are n't weapons that is also okay , thank you for sharing . 
  and how do you develop those hacking tools ? 
  so the people who hack bae systems do n't need to have an understanding of them ? 
  and what better way to gain that understanding than to have the product yourself . 
  it is . 
  technology is a form of weapon these days . 
  just look at the recent hacks . 
  exactly so why is it news, 
  it has n't exactly a secret that the uk sales their weapons to some questionable countries . 
  hope he says dead this time, 
  always wonderful to party on the seine, 
  looks like a tiny set for a movie, 
  it is really unfortunate , but this option is there . 
  they may not have may not decide to send the inquisition after you , but if you some reason that wanted to , they would the power to . 
  all because that outdated , nonsensical law is still a law . 
  so you are saying it costs $ 1000 to get on a plane or ferry to go to england and get an abortion ? 
  i disagree with saying a cultural relic has no relevance in lawmaking , when lawmaking was largely best on religion . 
  the issue is that religion and laws have evolved and the blasphemy law has not . 
  there are any other non religious laws that are yet to be updated , like having a hay in the back of your taxi . 
  nope . 
  they still have blasphemy laws, 
  that 's exactly what it looks like, 
  why did n't she go to england to get it done like some women do . 
  i know they should n't have to etc etc but the law is law no matter how ridiculous and outdated it is . 
  i do n't understand half of that title, 
  the uk is in europe and this sub is about the continent of europe . 
  talk in this sub might predominately be around the eu , does n't mean the sub is just about the eu . 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  did n't know canada was in europe, 
  wonder how many of them are princes, 
  look how handsome macron looks, 
  belarus dead last , that is shocking . 
  just tried to do that and i just smacked myself in the face, 
  so colourful , it is wonderful, 
  bless them and all their 5 points, 
  congratulations portugal, 
  congratulations my neighbour portugal !, 
  if only he was here to see what he has done,
