[ relevant ... 
  i suppose . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdg07hd0bhq ), 
  eircom means nothing to someone from latvia or anywhere else in europe . 
  never works when i need it to . 
  ca n't use netflix . 
  gmail thinks there is something wrong with my connection . 
  i use dropbox for work , but i ca n't have it synched to my laptop as it would use up my allowance in no time . 
  bought a digital game on xbox one . 
  brought the console to a mates house to download in galway city , who has upc fiber . 
  thought it was fully downloaded . 
  it was n't . 
  used up 20gb overnight when it was connected to my internet at home . 
  had to leave it plugged out most of the time after , for fear of getting a huge bill . 
  i have an xbox one . 
  any online features only work sometimes and usually very badly . 
  i ca n't watch netflix because my monthly cap is too low . 
  there are no alternatives because their direct competition are worse and companies who provide internet as part of a phone package charge a huge premium . 
  you might see deals of $ 30 per month , but that 's on top of everything else . 
  just to have stable internet , at lower speeds than i currently have , it would cost 4 times as much . 
  the company that owns the infrastructure is a former wholly state-owned company . 
  it 's impossible for anyone to offer it any cheaper than them , because they control the price . 
  gmail thinks there is something wrong with my connection , so it loads what looks like 56k friendly version of my inbox at first . 
  [ mine . 
  ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/3672860363.png ), 
  haha , got a popup on my phone with this message and i was wondering what could this message possibly be in relation to ... 
  it 's all right , the list is only on paper and will probably get lost fairly soon anyway . 
  yeah , i would probably agree with that . 
  my opinion was formed with limited knowledge of the place really . 
  far more than than the average person with no particular interest in it , but still only a very basic understanding of the politics of the situation in reality . 
  the place has an interesting history . 
  not sure i would like to live there though . 
  gibraltar is a weird place . 
  very british in some ways , but the gibraltarians are incredibly spanish in other ways . 
  their little country seems to fill up with spanish workers every day then too . 
  if the spanish government were really that bothered about it , they would n't just periodically antagonise the gibraltarians , they would make crossing the border difficult all the time , not just when they want a distraction for the media . 
  in my opinion anyway . 
  gibraltar is a great subject to bring up every time more important issues are causing trouble in parliament for the ruling party or whoever benefits from the distraction . 
  yup , that is the last thing they want or need . 
  some extra info about the issue in general from wikipedia . 
   in response to the furore aroused by the media reports , the irish government commissioned a study which took nine years to complete . 
   on 20 may 2009 , the commission released its 2600-page report , which drew on testimony from thousands of former ** inmates ** and officials from more than 250 church-run institutions . 
  the commission found that catholic priests and nuns had terrorised thousands of boys and girls for decades and that government inspectors had failed to stop the chronic beatings , rapes and humiliation . 
   ** the report characterised rape and molestation as `` endemic '' in irish catholic church-run industrial schools and orphanages . 
  **  source : [ roman catholic church sexual abuse scandal in ireland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_catholic_church_sexual_abuse_scandal_in_ireland ) notice the use of inmates . 
  it is used in the sense that they were kept as prisoners , not that they were criminals . 
  it disgusts me to say that none of that surprises me in the least . 
  winning a popular vote does n't make it ok . 
  being elected does n't absolve you of anything . 
  just because he was elected does n't mean he should have been . 
  right or wrong , i ca n't look past the fact that he was an ira commander . 
  i do n't think he has any place in politics and i do n't agree with inviting him there , even though it 's hardly a surprise . 
  i 'm irish ( west of ireland ) and i have a problem with mcguinness being there tbh . 
  thank you . 
  and a lot of countries have very expensive data rates on pre-pay sims . 
  i 'm irish and from what i hear from people who have emigrated ( everybody except me ) in many countries , you really need to get a contract . 
  that 's weird . 
  i never knew it was such a popular destination among europeans that far north . 
  i have been to spain a number of times in the last 20 years or so and i 've seen german and swedish on many menus , although i did n't meet many of either . 
  i think the hordes flying out of dublin to liverpool , manchester and london every week to watch premier league matches must have a significant effect on those numbers . 
  i could n't say exactly without knowing what the numbers behind the graphic are . 
  the ease of travel between ireland and the uk means that depending on the definition they give holidays here , it could include a significant number of people who are not on holiday . 
  when you took our sovereignty , we gave you our weather too !, 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i noticed that gfy converts a lot of the gifs you posted to html5 and actually makes them larger xd . 
  usually not though and when it happens , it is only marginal . 
  i feel the utility of being able to pause and all the other stuff far outweighs that little thing . 
  yep , you ca n't change a link after you post . 
  i did n't expect you to go through them and do that anyway . 
  gfy does n't support albums . 
  / r/gfycat is run by the creators of gfycat.com they post quite regular feature updates . 
  it is relatively new and they have been adding different things quite often . 
  if you create an account on the site , it will remember all the gifs you convert , which can be useful . 
  a big thanks for collecting these . 
  can i suggest having a look at [gfycat.com ] ( http://gfycat.com/ ) ? 
  i 'm not connected to it , i 'm just an enthusiast , because it 's an excellent gif replacement for sports clips . 
  you can pause , play at x2 .0 , x1 .0 , 0.5 , 0.25 , 0.125 speeds and even slower . 
  to add to that , you can also play them in reverse . 
  it converts gifs into html5 videos and can dramatically reduces the size of gifs after it is converted to html5 video . 
  if for any reason you ca n't play the video , you can just click to see the source instead . 
  gifs like these with a relatively small number of still images which change over time would be something like 10-20 % of the original size , if i was to guess . 
  [ here 's an example . 
  ] ( http://gfycat.com/perfectdistanthawk ) ok , that is a complicated enough but it reduced the size from 3mb to 1 . 
  it makes gifs far more mobile friendly and they tend to play a lot smoother . 
  it also allows you to use higher quality image gifs without making the gfycat version huge . 
  edit : i just saw something funny . 
  the second gif is so well optimise already that gfycat actually made the file larger after conversion . 
  i have lived with italians twice in the last number of years . 
  both mentioned their dislike of italians regularly . 
  neither were from the mainland , but they told me it 's pretty universal . 
  i have a small interest in history and it 's one country i 'm surprised is still in one piece . 
  i find that map of ireland unsettling . 
  making it illegal will make the problem disappear . 
  i 'm almost speechless . 
  native speaker here . 
  think irish should n't be compulsory . 
  it is taught very badly . 
  bad system , badly equipped teachers . 
  you ca n't have teachers who are n't fluent ( not even close in many cases ) teaching what is , in practice , a foreign language . 
  irish is only used as an everyday language in small pockets around the country and only by some of the inhabitants of those areas .
