  i can not imagine how that would be more desirable than intervention or even tolerable in any way . 
  i am not saying we should have armed the rebels . 
  my point is that we could have prevented the protests escalating to this degree by preventing assad from killing the protesters . 
  the protests in syria started started in march 2011 , when isis started focusing on expansion in syria mid 2012 the civil war was already in progress . 
  the west has just utterly failed to bring about a positive or at least acceptable outcome of the civil war in syria . 
  when assad started murdering his own citizens , who just protested for democratic reform we had the opportunity to take a principled stance in support of the syrian people and pressure assad to step down , establish no-fly-zones over the major syrian cities and if necessary conduct strategic air strikes against syrian army positions to stop the slaughter assad was overseeing . 
  but we did nothing . 
  now we learn we had the oppurtunity to still reach a solution whereby assad would be removed but we still did nothing . 
  instead we drew red lines , we ultimately were not willing to enforce . 
  by now it is clear that assad will stay . 
  assad was able to exploit the inaction of the west and while russia protected his regime in the security council iran send massive amounts of finacial and military aid , that turned the tide of war in assads favour . 
  in the mean time the syrian opposition , at the beginning of the war mostly consisting of deserters from the syrian army , completely fractured . 
  the simultanious deterioration of the security situation in iraq and the subsequent rise of isis then turned syria into the , pardon my choice of words , clusterfuck we see today . 
  wow , a badly edited youtube video . 
  that completely convinced me !, 
  it 's probably because of videos title and description , which try to propagate a racist agenda . 
  they try to make it seem as if the media is purposfully ignoring crimes of muslims although the existince of this report is evidence to the contrary . 
  furthermore the religion and ethnicity of the perpetrator and the victim are completely irrelevent as long as the crime is n't motivated by them . 
  he is a criminal and will be dealt with according to the law regardless of his belief system . 
  i think you are reading things into my comment i never intended to imply . 
  i am merely pointing out that it ridiculous to jump to conclusions about the perpetrators ethnicity merely based on the crime that has been committed . 
  yes , good idea because white people would obviously never do such a thing . 
  * cough * [ westminster child abuse scandal ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/mar/17/westminster-child-abuse-paedophile-ring-failure ) * cough * [ jimmy saville ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jimmy_savile_sexual_abuse_scandal ) * cough * . 
  pardon me , i just choked on hypocrisy . 
  yes because censorship is our problem and not rampant racism and brigades . 
  at this point / r/europe is basically barely more than an eurocentric / r/worldnews . 
  is there any evidence this has been recorded in a refugee train going to germany ? 
  seems like the racists on this sub do not even try to hide it anymore by saying somthing like `` i 'm only against ** illegal ** immigrants '' . 
  here you have it : blatant white supremacism . 
  obviously nigel farage . 
  protector of the white aryan race and saviour of europe . 
  praise be unto him . 
  may he gift us with homogeneity and save us from the brown people . 
  [ the german soul . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vr3z7bx.jpg ) - football - starting a fight when they do n't expect it - anger the dutch - large amounts of beer were probably involved - schlaaaaaand !, 
  i think it 's generally problematic to compare political parties in different countries solely based on matters of policiy . 
  you have to consider those in their proper historic and social context . 
  of course democratic policies wo n't seem left-wing in many european countries because policy-wise the status-quo in america is much more shifted to the right . 
  but if we compare ideals and principles the democrats align much more with european social democrats . 
  for example they advocate redistribution of wealth and economic interventionism . 
  the substitute classes can differ from state to state but you have a definite right to get exempt from religious classes if you attend a regular school . 
  look , we have so much fun here screaming at our own shadows and getting worked up over completely unsubstantiated claims . 
  why do you want to ruin that ? 
   germany is notorious for censoring video games ( art ) amongst other things , and our `` meinungs '' are n't as `` frei '' as they could and should be . 
  i agree partially with you here but considering german history especially with regards to the massive right-wing propaganda during the weimar republic it 's not surprising that german law is sensitive towards depictions of violence and incitement . 
   the latter is enforced as an obligation , not a right . 
  your parents or you yourself when you turn 14 may request you to be excluded from religious lessons . 
  you will then attend philosophy or ethics lessons instead . 
  many people in this thread just seem to take these numbers at face value and proclaim the end of europe , yet i could n't find any sources for mr. bouffiers numbers and it seems he is just pulling them out of his ass . 
  it would make it easier to avoid these posts but it would n't solve the problem of this sub being partially undermined by bigots and racists . 
  i completely agree but considering how much outrage the immigration megathreads generated and the subsequent descision by the mods to reduce the deletion of comments , i seriously doubt the mods are willing to enforce a much more rigorous mod policy . 
  i think this is just a problem all large subs have ( / r/askhistorians being an exception because of their strict rules ) . 
  the majority of subscribers of this subreddit probably is n't that racist but whenever a thread about immigration is posted the comments section gets immediately flooded by racism , so that moderate users just do n't bother to engage in discussion anymore . 
  and it 's always the same bullshit . 
  `` we ca n't afford to take care of them '' `` they destroy our culture '' `` they are all criminals '' `` they are not legitimate refugees but economic migrants '' , as if trying to escape poverty and make a better living for yourself and your family is basically terrorism . 
  these commenters are one step away from screaming `` white genocide '' the only solution to this problem is for moderates and people , who care for their fellow human beings to start engaging in discussions and do n't let the racists have this sub as a propaganda platform . 
  you are allowed to protest policies , you disagree with . 
  you are allowed to petition the government . 
  you are allowed to vote for a party that better represents your interests in the next election . 
  what you are not allowed to do though is break the law . 
  there is a huge differenc between doing something to protest policies you disagree with and committing arson . 
  at least in the case of germany this is correct though . 
  people killed in germany by islamic extremists : 2 people killed in germany by right-wing extremists : 63 ( official government data ) - 152 ( investigation by `` die zeit '' newspaper ) [ source in german ] ( http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2013-03/todesopfer-rechtsextremismus ), 
  probably because those countrie are possibly worse violators of human rights than the countries they are fleeing from especially if the refugees are christians or shiite muslims . 
  also if you are for example from syria it 's way easier to get to turkey or the coast to get in a boat than to get to saudi arabia , where you have to go through territory controlled by is to get to . 
  so it 's of course only a natural reaction if people who are in no way responsible for any of this get verbally and physicallay abused and assaulted . 
  and obviously it 's not the perpetrators , who are at fault but the `` elites '' and political correctness . 
  solid logic there , mate !, 
  look , i think you would do everyone here a favour if you would just go back to the stormfront forums , where you belong, 
  let 's just hope we find enough lebensraum for all these new people or we might have to get some new one . 
  preferably in the east . 
  i am actually quite suprised by that considering how discussions of that topic usually go . 
  i often find myself to be the only perosn , who does n't have a problem with the amount of immigration we get at all . 
  the problem is n't the amount of immigration we receive but how we conduct our immigration policy . 
  at least in the case of germany the claim that we do n't have enough space or money is obviously false . 
  we have the lowest birt rate in the world and especially in eastern germany there are entire regions that are getting depopulated . 
  funding also wo n't be a problem . 
  the federal budget in 2013 allocated 1.5 billion euros to payments for refugees . 
  granted , with rising refugee numbers this amount will increase but even then this certainly wo n't be the weight under which the german state collapses , especially when you compare this to the amount we spend on other things like saving greece or bailing out the banks . 
  what will be a problem though is the question of who will pay for social security or pensions in 30 years . 
  in my opinion we have to end the paternalism inherent in our immigration system . 
  at the moment refugees are prohibeted from seeking employment for three months after their arrival . 
  and even after that they can only get employed if there is no german or eu citizen applying for the same position as they are . 
  if you allow people to take care of themselves and take responsibility for themselves they will do just that . 
  so instead of pursuing the bullshit policies we are now , issue workpermits to every immigrant . 
  institute some sort of mentoring program whre germans could earn some money for going shopping with immigrants , help them learn the language and basically show them what you need to know to live in germany . 
  instead of housing them in overcrowded shelters house them in empty appartements that would otherwise decay , and thereby solve two problems at once . 
  also offer visas and work permits to every non violent person who wishes to immigrate . 
  displacements of low skilled indigenous workers could be handled by selling these visas for a certain amount of money to fund retraining programs . 
  and that 's certainly better than having that money go to traffickers . 
  additionally hire more people to enforce the rules and deport people , who are illegally here and immigration would be much less of a concern . 
  the whole project is just riddled with incompetence and leadership failures . 
  by now i 'm almost inclined to think we would have been better off if we just exhumed the corpse of albert speer and put him in charge . 
  i 'm certainly not opposing reasonable debate on how we should conduct our immigration policy nor am i calling people who want to restrict immigration racists . 
  the problem is that this whole issue has escalated to a point where there is actual danger to peoples lives as made evident by all these incidents . 
  as a german i 'm actually quite worried about how the whole situation is developing here . 
  people are going way beyond what anybody could consider reasonable criticism . 
  anti-immigration sentiment is getting stronger and stronger and in this year alone there have been 150 racist attacks on shelters for asylum seekers . 
  now they are burning houses but considering the racist attacks of the 90s ( [ rostock-lichtenhagen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots ) , [ hoyerswerda riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hoyerswerda_riots ) , [ solingen arson attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solingen_arson_attack_of_1993 ) ) and the crimes of the [ nsu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) it does n't seem that unlikely that people might burn next . 
  and of course our politicians are completely unable to deal with the situation .
