  one of these campaigns was an organized attempt to ostracize and marginalize a significant part of the population of germany instigated by a regime that would later conduct the industrial genocide of 11 million people , while the other one is just some butthurt `` political activists '' complaining on twitter . 
  this whole lawsuit also seems kinda pointless . 
  they did n't do any real damage , they just walked around wearing bright vests and telling people not to drink . 
  the entire thing was nothing more than a publicity stunt and now they are getting more exposure . 
  i 've found [ this site ] ( https://www.constituteproject.org/search?lang=en ) , which is pretty great to compare constitutions and the principles espoused therein . 
  the government is n't starting prosecution but allowing it to proceed . 
  he fell on knife . 
  nothing more to see here . 
  [ it 's political correctness gone mad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmsv1tuesrc ) . 
  you ca n't even write racial abuse in excrement on someones car without the politically correct brigade jumping down your throat . 
  several jihadist oranizations have been banned , the `` sharia police '' was nothing but a publicity stunt . 
  except that in 1984 the control of information was a systematic government effort to craft a narrative of history , that suits the party ideology , whereas in this case , the information is removed on the request of private individuals without an overarching political agenda . 
  i 'm not saying there are no appropriate occasions to describe something as `` orwellian '' , i 'm just somewhat annoyed by the inflationary use of orwell comparisons ( like in this post ) . 
   the main bit that annoys me about `` orwellian '' is the reduction of a huge body of incredible work down to one aspect of one book and the constant fighting over `` claiming '' him by ideologues . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  i really hate how basically every government policy , people disagree with , is called `` orwellian '' . 
  1984 describes a state , that uses a massive surveillance apparatus to intimidate its citizens and exercise absolute control over them . 
  even if they disagree with the law or think it 's a `` slippery slope '' people need to get some perspective . 
  i 'm not arguing on the issue of whether the negotiations should be public or not . 
  my point is , that when the final agreement is voted on by the parliaments , it is necessary that they 're in a take it or leave it situation . 
  the final agreement needs to be ratified by the eu parliament , the parliaments of all eu members and the us congress . 
  if one parlimant could just change parts of the agreement negotiations would have to be reopened . 
  it would be impossible to reach an agreement under such an arrangement . 
  that does n't answer the question . 
  how are government 's ( and lawmakers ) powers going to be eroded . 
  how do corporations become as important as lawmakers and the justice system ? 
  isds just adds another court , through which corporations can seek legal redress . 
  they have no authority to overturn laws . 
  so this is a massive circlejerk about how `` pc culture '' ruins everything with little to no basis ? 
  well , colour me suprised !, 
  in case of natural disaster or war there are indeed some exceptions but they only concern the deployment of the bundeswehr within germany and possible restrictions on the privacy of correspondence and freedom of movement . 
  if the only alternative ( which it obviously is n't ) to letting them in was shooting them i would let them in . 
  i should also add that i consider it highly unlikely that the constitutional court would uphold such a law . 
  proportionality is one of the most important restrictions to government infringement on constitutional rights . 
  infringements on the right to life are only permissible to protect the right to life of innocents and even then there might be other restrictions . 
  the constitutional court overturned for example the law that would allow the luftwaffe to shoot down hijacked airplanes on the ground that it would violate the human dignity of the passengers . 
  try to stop them with non-deadly force and if that is not possible let them in . 
  protecting the border is n't worth killing people for if innocent lifes are n't in imminent danger . 
  the sanctity of all human life is one of the most important principles of our constitutional order , which is one of the reasons why use of force by law enforcement is heavily restricted and germany has a very law rate of people getting killed by police . 
  overturning these priciples would be a blow to the achievements of our constitution and could lead us down a very dangerous path . 
  i 'm quite happy with how our police works and i do n't want to turn them into an american-style `` shoot first ask questions later '' force . 
  the police is and should only be allowed to use deadly force if a police officers life or the life of another citizen are in imminent danger . 
  as long as the refugees are n't armed i see little reason to change that . 
  you obviously already passed several safe subreddits . 
  but why common law ? 
  the only country within the eu with a common law legal system ist the uk , every oher member has a legal system based on civil law . 
  also article 103  ( 1 ) in the courts every person shall be entitled to a hearing in accordance with law . 
  ( 2 ) an act may be punished only if it was defined by a law as a criminal offence before the act was committed . 
  ( 3 ) no person may be punished for the same act more than once under the general criminal laws . 
  they are still represented in 7 state legislatures and are currently polling at around 5 % nationally , so they are not completely gone . 
  current polling numbers : [ source ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/landtage/rheinland-pfalz.htm ) cdu ( christian conservatives ) | spd ( social democrats ) | gr\u00fcne ( greens ) | fdp ( liberals ) | linke ( socialists ) | afd ( eurosceptics ) | others -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 37 % | 31 % | 9 % | 5 % | 5 % | 8 % | 5 % the threshold to get into parliament is 5 % . 
  first we stop hating people because of the colour of their skin , then we stop destroying our environment , and next thing you know we have sharia law and are forced to pray five times a day in the direction of moscow . 
  or something like that ... 
  it is obvious that you have no clue whatsoever about the german constitution . 
  of course freedom of speech ist protected by the basic law , in article 5 section 1 to be specific . 
  to quote the relevant passage :  ( 1 ) every person shall have the right freely to express and disseminate his opinions in speech , writing and pictures , and to inform himself without hindrance from generally accessible sources . 
  freedom of the press and freedom of reporting by means of broadcasts and films shall be guaranteed . 
  there shall be no censorship . 
  furthermore incitement and holocaust denial are n't criminalized by the basic law but by the german criminal code . 
  the relevant crime * volksverhetzung * is defined in \u00a7 130 stgb . 
  there is no country that allows absolute freedom of speech , not even the us . 
  things such as libel are as far as i know criminal offences everywhere and a large number of countries ( including most european ones ) also have some form of hate speech legislation . 
  in the case of germamy aricle 5 section 2 defines how the rights in article 5 may be restricted . 
  section 2 states that :  ( 2 ) these rights shall find their limits in the provisions of general laws , in provisions for the protection of young persons , and in the right to personal honour . 
  the most important restriction here are the `` general laws '' . 
  a law lacks generality if it prohibits a specific opinion or ideology instead of setting general restrictions . 
  interestingly the constitutional court ruled that \u00a7 130 is not a general law because it does n't prohibt glorification of totalitarian rule in general but of nationalsocialist rule in germany specifically . 
  the court still upheld its constitutionality arguing that exceptions to laws aganinst nationalsocialism are intrinsic to article 5 since the entire basic law was drafted as an antithesis to ns rule in order to prevent that ideology from ever regaining power . 
  it is important to stress at this point that even if a right is under reservation of statutory powers , even then those restrictions are subject to restrictions themselves most importantly proportionality . 
  i have personally found it difficult to answer the question whether we should ban the the burka or not . 
  we can all probably agree that the burka represents values which are opposed to our democratic system and our conceptions of the equality of women . 
  but ultimately i think it 's best if the state does n't meddle with what people wear . 
  you might very well argue that the burka is not only a form of clothing but also a tool used to oppress women . 
  fair enough . 
  but i think there are three major problems with banning the burka as a reaction to that : 1 . 
  it might very well be that the burka is used to oppress women but things like coercion and domestic violence are already illegal . 
  the laws , that we already have are not the problem but enforcing them is . 
  it 's not even certain that banning the burka would help women . 
  if a woman is forced by her husband to wear a burka when she leaves the house , it 's really unlikely that he would allow her to even go outside without wearing one . 
  even if a woman were to wear a burka on her own volition you would be preventing her from doing so , ignoring her expressed will . 
  i think no state should treat it 's citizens with such paternalism . 
  absolutely . 
  the idea that we could or should `` dissolve the mosques '' , is what i was referring to as being unconstitutional . 
  you ca n't just single out muslims specifically and completely abolish their freedom of religion . 
  but of course you can make general laws applying to all religions restricting certain practices if they happen to collide with other civil rights . 
  so you want to protect freedom by legitimizing one of the most extreme intrusions on other peoples rights ? 
  freedom of religion as well as the right of every person to be treated as an individual and equal before the law without regard to their sex , religion or political affiliation is one of the most important achievements of western civilization in the last 200 years . 
  by collectively punishing any person just for just being muslim you are undoing 200 years of progress that have created the wealth and liberty we enjoy today . 
  also it would be unconstitutional in every country in europe , or really any democracy worthy of that name . 
  sure iraq for example is a lot more unstable now , in the sense that the iraqi government now is less able to enforce laws and effectively control the territory of the country than it was under saddam hussein . 
  but saddam also made several attempts to at least partially exterminate the kurds and started a war against iran , that would become one of the most destructive wars after wwii . 
  so just saying it was much `` stabler '' back then is n't depicting the situation before the iraq war accurately . 
  people seem to have really short memories . 
  have you forgotten about the 1967 six-day war , the 1973 yom-kippur-war , the 1979 soviet invasion of afghanistan , the 1980-88 iran-iraq war as well as saddams attempt to genocide the kurds during the al-anfal campaign , the 1975-1990 lebanese civil war , the 1990 iraqi invasion of kuwait , the two intifadahs ? 
  the iraq war certainly has not made things better but the middle east has been a clusterfuck of ethnic and religous violence for the last century and the us are n't the root of all evil . 
  i 'm just stating the rationale behind laws like this and not necessarily agree with them . 
  but i do think you can make the argument that a society does n't have to accept ideologies that are inherently opposed to the most basical priciples of a democratic state . 
  no one is assuming she ( or anyone denying the holocaust ) could become the next hitler . 
  think of crimes as declarations . 
  if you steal something you are violating someone elses freedom to extend your own and thereby declare : `` i wo n't respect this society and its rules '' .
