  in a democratic state these rules exist ideally in order to protect peoples freedom or the democratic order itself , as is the case in this issue . 
  this woman was convicted based on \u00a7 130 of the german criminal code . 
  section ( 3 ) of that paragraph reads as follows :  whosoever publicly or in a meeting approves of , denies or downplays an act committed under the rule of national socialism of the kind indicated in section 6 ( 1 ) of the code of international criminal law , in a manner capable of disturbing the public peace shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding five years or a fine . 
  the important thing to note is , that this law does n't necessarily protects truth but the `` public peace '' , which can be vaguely defined as the publics trust that the state will uphold the legal order . 
  by denying the holocaust and thereby exculpating the horrific nazi regime you are not only stating an opinion but making a clear statement of ideological allegiance to the public . 
  by punishing you the state is repudiating this ideology and declaring that it will not tolerate this totalitarian ideology , which has brought so much suffering to this country and the world , to spread again and take power . 
  by doing that the state is reassuring the public and sending a message to potential future perpetrators that the democratic state and the rule of law will continue to be upheld in the future . 
  this doe n't seem to be too popular in most regions . 
  but if elsass is too dissatisfied with these reforms they are always invited to rejoin us ... 
   sure mate , and for example this must be from a paralel universe , right ? 
  an article from 2013 that lists `` medical supplies and several hundred bulletproof vests '' as the support the fsa receives from germany . 
  the effect on the syrian civil war would have been minimal and you can hardly consider this a regime change operation . 
   us and the uk were the countries that worked with iran in order to rule the iraq - and their and their proxies ' - majorly kurds and shia factions - mutual rule resulted islamic state in iraq . 
  this is just utter nonsense . 
  militias backed by iran such as the [ mahdi army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_companies ) actively fought against coalition forces and tried to undermine their efforts of reonciling sunnis and shias and stabilize iraq.those militias and the atrocities commited by them and not the us are the major reason many iraqi sunnis were at least indifferent towards or even supportive of isis . 
  that 's probably because the civil war started before the west began to support rebel groups and even when they did the support was relatively minor and ineffective . 
  germany so far has only supported the kurds in their fight against isis and not any syrian rebel groups , so i do n't understand why you accuse merkel of `` playing regime change '' . 
  if you want to complain about foreign involvent in syria you should blame russia and iran as well as qatar and saudi-arabia . 
  that seems reasonable . 
  but when does this rule apply and when does a lot of people agreeing with each other turn into an `` excessive circlejerk '' , you would start acting on . 
  take the comment section under each immigration related post for example . 
  almost all people will be critical of immigration ( some people based on valid points , but most based on populist sentiments ) and being pro-immigration will get you mostly a lot of downvotes . 
  is this just a lot of people expressing a similiar opinion or a circlejerk ? 
   the term was coined by ayatollah khomeini to insult and harass secular , progressive , modern muslim people in iran who did not agree with his concept of submission of society and state under totalitarian sharia . 
  do you have source because i have never heard of that . 
  i 'm not doubting you , just genuinely curious . 
   disallowed comments : excessive circlejerking what constitutes an `` excessive circlejerk '' ( and how does it differ from a `` reasonable '' circlejerk ? ), 
  and how are you going to enforce this rule ? 
  i 'm not a fan of circlejerks either but this seems really vague . 
   actually , thats precisely what it means . 
  if the main focus is elsewhere , the free trade part of it becomes at best secondary , at worst miniscule free trade is the unrestricted exchange of goods and sevices between two countries . 
  regulations can just as well be trade barriers as tariffs , albeit more implicit than ecplicit . 
   right , but theres nothing inherently wrong with that . 
  what if the regulation is there to protect people ? 
  fracking has been shown to be harmful to people who live near wells , but its still allowed in the us , not in europe . 
  this isnt inherently good or bad . 
  there are examples for either possibility . 
  personally , id prefer a more local legislation , especially when faced with the real possibility of having us regulations in germany . 
  it outright scares me to have this . 
  which is why the regulatory cooperation is n't focused on just abolishing regulations but harmonizing them . 
  which means in effect dual certification in areas where the regulations of the respective countries provide the same safety standard but differ on the specifics . 
  an example would be the car industry where automotive corporations have to build seperate models for the domestic and for the export market even though their cars would be perfectly safe either way . 
   every indication tells me that the price is too high as of right now . 
  but how do you know what the price is ? 
   ok , see , this is not what people are worried about with ttip , so youre scewing the facts a little it 's not the main concern but it is important for the evaluation of the deal as a whole . 
  for example i might be opposed to the handling of copyright but think that ttip would lower my costs of living and therfore support the deal ( this not my position just an example ) . 
   by all accounts , this isnt `` free trade '' ; its a corporate power expansion at the expense of the consumer . 
  `` free trade '' is at best a smokescreen , at worst patently untrue sure , this deal is n't mainly about tariffs but that does n't mean it 's not a free trade deal . 
  regulations can be a barrier to trade as well . 
  if you for example wish to sell a product that is already approved in your home country in a different country but now have to abide by a completely diferent set of regulations and certifications , that could disincentivize you to invest in that particular country . 
   and if theres no election closeby , there may not be enough time to react in any way shape or form . 
  its best to tackle deals like this one as early as possible , since soo much is negotiated in them which affects so many people on a personal level you do n't know what problems to tackele . 
  maybe the deal will be very beneficilal . 
  instead of just opposing the deal just on principle people should lobby their government to modify their negotiating posititions in areas of concern like public policy and healthcare but as far as i can see the ec already has included those concerns in its position . 
   i wouldnt count on it . 
  im completely disillusioned with the political process . 
  so long as you dont look at everything our representatives do , these people cant be trusted . 
  sure , it is important to be skeptical but at some point reasonable skepticism becomes baseless antagonism . 
   a `` net positive '' can take many different forms , not all of which will be beneficial to the vast majority of citizens , even if its a monetary net positive a net positive in the sense that the positive effects of wage increases and cheaper consumer goods outweigh negative effects such as short term losses in employment . 
   also , your `` source '' is a panel of us economists arguing over a completely diiferent free trade agreement you my have missed question a which is about free trade in general . 
   from everything weve actually heard about ttip , im not sure id call it a `` free trade '' agreement what leads you to this conclusion ? 
   this also downplays associated concerns regarding consumer protection , and pharmaceutical competition , not to mention copyright law , which seem like they would be completely justified ( the concerns ) i am not downplaying anything . 
  my comment is n't meant to be a comprehensive outline of my opinion on ttip . 
  i am not saying anything about them because the comment i am replying to does n't mention them . 
  i agree with you that these are valid areas of concern but we can not say how ttip will affect them until an agreement has been finalized . 
   however i would argue that an agreement of this importance , which has been subject ot sooo much specualtion at this point warrants being in the public eye , the same could have been said about the iran nuclear deal . 
  everything up to the final agreement will possibly be subject to change , so if anything the speculation will only increase . 
   so people can appropriately respond to it , and maybe go over it more thoroughly as i said the agreement will have to be ratified by 30 different parliament and will be public months before they will do so . 
  there will be enough time to go over it once we actually now for certain what 's in it . 
   this agreement , but in general , im scared to shits that the consumer protection and medical benefits we currently enjoy in europe will suddendly come under attack , and well be faced with american realities of maybe going bankrupt so we dont die , or getting downright ridiculous copyright laws ( urheberrecht in germany is basedon entirely different principles , and frankly , thats a good thing ) as i said : wait until the final agreement but it will be extremely likely that ttip will include exceptions for government regulation of healthcare and other public sevices , which is part of the [ negotiating position ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1115 ) of the european commission . 
   how badly it went for canada and mexico [ citation needed ] trade between the partners of the agreement increased and economist agree that nafta had minor positive effects on the us economy and large positive effects on mexicos economy , which is also the conclusion of [ this ] ( https://www.aeaweb.org/atypon.php?return_to=/doi/pdfplus/10.1257/jep.15.1.125 ) study . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.cfr.org/trade/naftas-economic-impact/p15790 ) article from the * council on foreign realtions * also supports that nafta has benefitted its members . 
   i 'm sorry , i expressed myself badly . 
  i meant that the country can easily change some law to completely avoid any fallout . 
  if a government has been sentenced to pay compensation it can not just avoid that by changing the law in question . 
  regardless most isds cases are not about specific laws but about administrative acts like contracts , permits and certain guarantees . 
  only [ 9 % \\ ( 14 cases \\ ) ] ( http://academiccommons.columbia.edu/download/fedora_content/download/ac:173530/content/no_120_-_caddel_and_jensen_-_final_-_website_version.pdf ) of disputes before the international centre for settlement of investment disputes ( icsid ) are about acts of the legislature . 
   here i 'm not guessing , i read a legal opinion from some watchdog groups that said the isds courts will be heavily biased for the corporations . 
  i would like to have a source please . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.sidi-isil.org/sidiblog/?p=1360 ) is a good blog post by a law professor of the university of edinburgh that goes over a lot of isds cases including the philip morris case . 
   on the contrary , under ttip they will without a doubt win i believe . 
  ttip wo n't apply here . 
  philip morris is suing based on a trade agreement between hong kong and australia . 
   can you link to some source saying that these are really the only infringements dealt with by isds ? 
  sure , [ here ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/html/153018.htm ) is an isds factsheet by the european commission and [ here ] ( https://ustr.gov/about-us/policy-offices/press-office/fact-sheets/2015/march/investor-state-dispute-settlement-isds ) is one of the us , which is similiar . 
   and anyway , i can see them using one of those for their argument in this case anyway what would be the issue then ? 
  i think the problem is that you assume , if a company sues a government it 's only for nefarious reasons . 
  not every thing the government does is right though , and it seems reasonable to provide mechanisms to protect investors rights . 
   afaik those decisions currently are n't binding . 
  what ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  of course a national courts decision is binding . 
   and isds will be far from neutral , it 'll be controlled by the corporations . 
  they wo n't . 
  arbitration tribunals consist of three judges : one appointed by each party , and a third agreed upon by both parties . 
  most of them are respected legal experts in the field of international law . 
  the most pressing concerns are the inability to appeal and the lack of transparency , both of which are addressed by the eus [ reform proposal ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5651_en.htm ) . 
   with the advent of isds they will finally have a court that will make a binding decision and make australia pay billions of dollars for what the people democratically decided for themselves . 
  phillip morris will most likely lose . 
   ttip is designed precisely to protect companies from this type of `` lost revenues '' it is not .
