  however that is a protection against the state not against your own decisions so it 's not a good argument . 
  arguing that the purpose would be to ensure security and the public order is more plausible but i doubt it would meet the proportionality standard . 
  the constitutional court has also historically mostly decided in favour of individual rights and freedom of religion so i doubt they would accept a general burka ban . 
  sorry if this all reads a bit convoluted , legalese is hard to translate . 
  there are indeed certain laws in germany that criminalise holocaust denial or the display of symbols of anti-constitutional organisations , the latter of which can be punished with up to three years of imprisonment . 
  your guide was likely just trying to scare you though as these kind of sentences are meant for repeat offenders and hardcore neo-nazis . 
  you probably would have gotten away with a stern look or a fine at most . 
  the constitutional provisions regarding freedom of speech and freedom of religion differ . 
  there are some basics of constitutional law you should know first : most rights guaranteed by the grundgesetz can be found in articles 1-19 . 
  each right covers a certain set of persons ( most protect all persons , some only german citizens , some are also applicable to corporations and organisations ) and actions , they are referred to as the `` schutzbereich '' ( scope of protection ) . 
  all rights can be subject to infringements ( provided they are justified ) with human dignity , which under no circumstances may be infringed upon , being the exception . 
  to be justified the purpose the infringement must fall within the designated restrictions ( schranken ) . 
  there are basically three kinds of restrictions rights may be subject to : * verfassungsimmanente schranke : restrictions imminently provided by the constitution . 
  rights may only be restricted based on colliding constitutional law . 
  * allgemeiner gesetzesvorbehalt : the right is under reservation of statutory powers , and may be restricted by any law * qualifizierter gesetzesvorbehalt : the right is under a qualified reservation of statutory powers , and may be restricted by any law , that meets the additional requirements provided by the respective article if a right is restricted the restricting law is in turn subject to restrictions on the restrictions ( schranken-schranken ) , most importantly proportionality , which necessitates that the infringement is the least-restrictive means with the same efficacy to fulfil the purpose . 
  freedom of speech is guaranteed by article 5 and reads as follows :  ( 1 ) every person shall have the right freely to express and disseminate his opinions in speech , writing and pictures , and to inform himself without hindrance from generally accessible sources . 
  freedom of the press and freedom of reporting by means of broadcasts and films shall be guaranteed . 
  there shall be no censorship . 
    ( 2 ) these rights shall find their limits in the provisions of general laws , in provisions for the protection of young persons , and in the right to personal honour . 
    ( 3 ) arts and sciences , research and teaching shall be free . 
  the freedom of teaching shall not release any person from allegiance to the constitution . 
  we can see from section 2 that freedom of speech is under a qualified reservation of statutory powers the most relevant being the `` general laws '' . 
  in its l\u00fcth-urteil ( l\u00fcth-judgement ) the federal constitutional court defined general laws as laws , that do not prohibit a specific opinion but protect a common good that is as such worthy of legal protection without regards to a specific opinion and to be regarded as more important than the exercise of freedom of speech . 
  when you read about someone being arrested in germany for defending national socialism , the case is most likely based on [ \u00a7 130 ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1241 ) of the german criminal code , section 4 of which reads as follows :  ( 4 ) whosoever publicly or in a meeting disturbs the public peace in a manner that violates the dignity of the victims by approving of , glorifying , or justifying national socialist rule of arbitrary force shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding three years or a fine . 
  the constitutional court actually [ ruled ] ( http://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/en/2009/bvg09-129.html ) that \u00a7 130 iv is not a general law because it does n't prohibit glorification of totalitarian rule in general but of national socialist rule in germany specifically . 
  the court still upheld its constitutionality arguing that exceptions to laws designed to prevent the re-emergence of national socialism are intrinsic to article 5 since the entire basic law was drafted as an antithesis to ns rule in order to prevent that ideology from ever regaining power . 
  possible restrictions on freedom of religion are narrower :  ** article 4 **  [ freedom of faith and conscience ]  ( 1 ) freedom of faith and of conscience , and freedom to profess  a religious or philosophical creed , shall be inviolable . 
   ( 2 ) the undisturbed practice of religion shall be guaranteed . 
   ( 3 ) no person shall be compelled against his conscience to  render military service involving the use of arms . 
  details shall be regulated by a federal law . 
  as the word `` inviolable '' indicates there is no reservation of statutory powers and thus freedom of religion can only be restricted by conflicting constitutional law . 
  you 're right , sorry if i came off as condescending . 
  yeah , the beverfg has historically often sided with freedom of religion and i really ca n't see them allowing a general burka ban . 
  i think compared to the rest of europe germany is actually doing alright when it comes to the protection of individual rights . 
  art. 2 i is actually a quite weak right and only really relevant when there is no more specific protection . 
  otherwise you 're right though . 
  even if we ban the burka they would still be in an abusive relationship , which is the main problem . 
  the ban would n't change that . 
  there are just practical limitations to what the state can do in such a situation . 
  as far as the constitution is concerned public displays of religiosity are perfectly within the scope of religious freedom . 
   introducing a general law forbidding being unrecognisable in public is n't however for the purposes of constitutional law it is not necessary whether the ban intends to target burkas specifically or not . 
  wearing a burka is protected under religious freedom and accordingly that right is infringed upon by a ban for whatever reason . 
  security concerns could be a justification but for that the ban has to be proportional ( i.e. 
  the least restrictive measure to address those concerns ) and i 'm not sure the constitutional court would agree with that . 
  the rights guaranteed by the basic law are primarily protections against the the state not against your own decisions . 
  forcing someone to wear something is already illegal . 
  so behaviour should be banned if people feel superior because of it ? 
  you previously said it should be banned because it threatens our freedom ( which you still have n't substantiated ) , quite a different claim . 
  and i do n't like people listening to loud music on public transportation or buying organic food and feeling superior because of it . 
  if that 's your criterion we 'll have to ban a lot of things . 
  exactly . 
  respect for individual rights and religious toleration were some of the most important achievements of the enlightenment and they form the basis for our system of government , yet somehow people advocating for a ban claim to defend `` our values '' . 
  the discussion is about whether there should be a general ban on wearing burkas . 
  you 're moving the goalposts quite a bit here . 
  you 're not answering the question . 
  how are women wearing burkas specifically threatening your freedom ? 
  even in `` islamized ghetto 's '' it 's extremely rare to see a woman wearing one as the burka is n't something that 's native to turkish culture , the largest part of the german muslim population . 
  but even if it were , feeling uncomfortable hardly is a `` threat to freedom '' . 
  how are women wearing burkas threatening your freedom ? 
  yes , you can . 
  not during demonstrations but it is n't illegal to walk around with a helmet on . 
  the constitutionality of such a ban would be highly dubious at best ( see [ here ] ( https://www.bundestag.de/blob/419496/00f00954574cba407959a8aae2a82caf/wd-3-302-14-pdf-data.pdf ) for more extensive elaboration ) and i think that 's a good thing . 
  the burka represents values i vehemently disagree with but that does n't give anybody the right to ban people from wearing it even against their own expressed will . 
  individual decisions should n't be subject to societal approval as long as they do n't violate anybody else 's rights . 
  strong individual rights are the cornerstone of liberal democracy and we should n't turn our back on these principles because of populist fearmongering . 
  i believe we will get gay marriage even before that . 
  civil unions basically already have almost all the same rights as heterosexual marriages with the only notable exception being the ability to jointly adopt a child . 
  considering their past decisions i assume the bverfg will strike that down as a violation of art. 3 in the next few years and thereby functionally legalise gay marriage . 
   you just said that banning something based merely on its potential affect on others is generally a bad idea , but now you 're saying that simply because a certain piece of cloth does n't kill it should be fine to put up with the adverse effects it has on society i said actions may be banned if they violate someone else rights or if they significantly increase the risk of someones rights being violated . 
  i do n't see how wearing a burka does that . 
  i also do n't think society has rights to anything , individuals have . 
   how many women are forced to wear it by their gorilla husbands i do n't know but considering the negligible amount of women in germany that wear burkas it ca n't be that many . 
  but this is n't the point anyway . 
  the burka is n't a means to coercion like a gun is a means to kill . 
  in the example you have constructed wearing a burka is the end of a coercive action . 
  coercing somebody is already [ illegal ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p2010 ) . 
  it would be illegal to force your wife to wear pants if she does n't want to , yet we do n't ban pants . 
   it 's the old dilemma which karl popper wrote at length about , how does a tolerant and liberal society deal with those who are fundamentally intolerant ? 
  my answer is that even a tolerant society must , at some point , show a certain degree of intolerance towads values which strikes at the heart of its foundations . 
  that is indeed a difficult consideration . 
  i would agree that actions that directly endanger the democratic order may be prohibited but i do n't think burkas fulfil that requirement . 
  at most they represent a culture that could possibly encourage people to possibly act in a way that does and i simply do n't think that link is sufficient . 
  ultimately we have different notions of the extent and absoluteness of rights , a debate which would be more fundamental and lengthy than it would be expedient at this point so i will not dwell on it . 
  i would like to know however an answer to my question regarding the threshold at which actions become intolerable even for a tolerant society . 
  i think many people here would call him a [ regressive leftist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liudijfg8uq ) . 
   that mentality can not be cured by banning the clothing which is sprung out of it , but at least society can ( and should ) make a clear statement that it is n't acceptable . 
   however , these are cultural values . 
  it has nothing to do with security and its helpful if european politicians stopped spreading the lie that it is . 
  i see where you 're coming from but i think individual rights take absolute precedence over cultural sensibilities . 
  society should not be able to restrict behaviour just because it is deemed to be undesirable as long as it does n't violate other rights . 
  what would be the threshold that needs to be met before behaviour could be restricted ? 
  the imperial flag that is flown at every pegida rally represents values i consider incompatible with a free society . 
  would you ban it ? 
  that is hardly comparable . 
  unlike a burka a gun can actually be used to violate another persons rights and there are plenty of instances were this has happened in the past so the case to restrict guns is much more plausible . 
   in that case the courts would need to determine that burqas are really part of the islam . 
  this is incorrect . 
  article 4 protects sincerely held religious beliefs of the individual . 
  it should also be noted that freedom of religion is not under reservation of statutory powers ( vorbehaltslos ) and can only be restricted based on conflicting constitutional provisions and in this case i think it 's highly dubious whether you can argue that the ban would fulfill this requirement . 
  adopting a new constitution would require a major political effort and does n't have any support at the moment and probably wo n't get any in the future since the current one has served us quite well .
