  while dramatic , the greek tragedy had a limited run . 
  while seismic , the british divorce will not necessarily upend brussels . 
  but for historical and institutional reasons , a french crisis would be cataclysmic . 
  the midwife for the eu 's birth , france now risks becoming its gravedigger . 
  the ruin and rubble of world war ii had not been entirely cleared when france laid the foundations for the european union . 
  as former interior minister jean-pierre chev\u00e8nement rightly observed last week , france is the eu 's `` founding nation par excellence , the only nation capable of taking the initiative to begin europe 's construction at the start of the 1950s . '' behind the drab language of the eu 's various treaties lay a truly heroic ideal : by ever-closer economic , monetary , and political union , the countries of europe , led by two nations that had repeatedly been at one another 's throats in the 19th and 20th centuries , would make war and material want things of the past . 
  as the frenchman jean monnet , the guiding spirit of this new europe , declared : `` continue , continue : there is no future for the people of europe other than in union . '' by the same token , the french believe , rightly , there can be no europe without the people of their own glorious nation . 
  that corollary breathes life into france 's traditional conception of a united europe and thus lends vitality to the continent 's abstract ideals . 
  it also motivates europe 's traditional bouts of frustration with france . 
  upon coming to power in 1958 , charles de gaulle insisted upon the necessity of a `` european europe . '' in principle , this meant a united europe of equals ; in practice , de gaulle meant a europe in which france would be more equal than the others . 
  tellingly , when he signed the rome treaty in 1958 ( the future eu 's act of conception ) , it was not because he believed in `` europe . '' instead , it was because he believed in an independent and sovereign france , one yoked to the accomplishment of `` great undertakings . '' de gaulle accepted the eu because it ensured france 's own magnificence . 
  a funny thing happened , though , on france 's way to a future of peace and prosperity . 
  while the former grew humdrum , the latter grew hazier . 
  after enjoying the 30-year period of postwar growth -- known as the `` trente glorieuses '' -- the french economy faltered during the oil crisis of the early 1970s and never fully recovered . 
  while successive french governments continued to lay bricks for the european project , they failed to restart the national economy -- which slowed from an annual average of 4 percent during the trente glorieuses to slightly more than 1 percent now forecast for 2017 -- just as they failed to resolve the predicament of the growing number of unemployed , which currently stands at slightly more than 10 percent . 
  as the foundations of a new european order were being laid , france 's imperial past caught up with it as hundreds of thousands of immigrants from its former colonies in north africa -- morocco , tunisia , and especially algeria -- settled in the country . 
  recruited to fill jobs created during the trente glorieuses , these same immigrants found the welcome mat pulled from under their feet as france 's economy slowed and then headed south by the end of the 20th century . 
  by the turn of the 21st century , the diffuse fear of `` le grand replacement '' -- coined by the essayist renaud camus and positing the submersion of a white and christian france by arab and muslim immigrants -- had become an article of faith among the growing number of french turning to the extreme right-wing front national ( fn ) . 
  the waxing of supranational institutions , the waning of the national economy , the appearance of new immigrant communities , the disappearance of old industries and jobs : all of these are the tributaries spilling into the brackish bog called frexit . 
  as with brexit , frexit is fundamentally a crisis of national identity . 
  the inability of both conservative and socialist governments to redress the growing social and economic fissures in french society , and to reinvent the republican model for the 21st century , has encouraged the retreat to nativism and nationalism . 
  tellingly , a 2015 poll revealed that if the 2005 referendum on the european constitution were to be held again , 62 percent of respondents would vote against it , a 7 percent rise from the original `` non '' vote . 
  it is a crisis , moreover , the french government seems incapable of addressing . 
  the day after the british vote was tallied , and the stock markets went into a tailspin , president fran\u00e7ois hollande went before the nation and again underwhelmed it . 
  he explained that `` europe could not go on as before , '' expounded on the need to `` reinforce the eurozone and democratic governance , '' and exhorted europe to take the necessary `` leap '' to secure its future . 
  stapled to the end of these oft-repeated pieties -- spoken by a president with the mien of a funeral home director -- was a solemn chestnut : `` history , '' hollande intoned , `` is knocking at our door . '' it remains unclear when or whether hollande will open the door . 
  not only are 26 other nations huddled behind the same door squabbling over how to answer the knocking , but the weightiest nation seems in no great hurry to answer it at all . 
  while hollande was , in his inimitable style , urging his fellow leaders -- in particular , german chancellor angela merkel -- to make haste , merkel agreed that europe must make haste , but slowly . 
  very slowly . 
  after meeting with the leaders of germany 's political parties , merkel appealed for `` calm and determination '' and warned against `` simple and fast solutions that would only further divide europe . '' in a word , whereas hollande urged the principal duo of the eu , france and germany , to take the lead , merkel instead emphasized gemeinsam , or collective , action . 
  ( over the last 48 hours , merkel and hollande have taken great pains to broadcast their unity . 
  whether this is the case in 48 days remains to be seen . ), 
  adding to hollande 's woes , collective action by his own party seems as unlikely as that by the european union . 
  just days before the brexit vote , hollande bowed to mounting pressure within the socialist party to hold a primary next january to choose its presidential candidate . 
  with an approval rating only slightly better than romania 's nicolae ceausescu 's on the eve of his sudden removal from office in 1989 -- according to a recent le monde poll , just 16 percent of french voters agree hollande is a `` good president '' -- the socialist leader had little choice in the matter . 
  the tumult is greatest on the party 's left . 
  shortly before the brexit vote , arnaud montebourg was unpersuasively denying reports that he planned to enter the primary race . 
  having been tapped by hollande to serve as economy minister , montebourg found himself unemployed in 2014 when the government , scrambling to meet the eu 's deficit requirements , largely swallowed its austerity demands . 
  not only has montebourg since been a consistent critic of these policies , but his earlier anti-globalization sentiments -- summarized in his 2011 manifesto votez pour la d\u00e9mondialisation ( vote for de-globalization ) -- are now crystallizing into a `` d\u00e9-europisation '' stance . 
  montebourg is not the only prominent figure on the left who is , as he recently described himself , `` euro-\u00e9puis\u00e9 , '' or `` euro-exhausted . '' jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon , the perennial presidential candidate of the parti de gauche , has long inveighed against `` the caste of eurocrats and politics of austerity '' imposed on eu member states . 
  not surprisingly , he welcomed the brexit vote as a reality check for the french political class , as well as a promising harbinger of his own political prospects . 
  `` this is the beginning of the end to an era , '' he exclaimed . 
  `` either we change the european union or we leave it . '' though he hotly refuses such comparisons , m\u00e9lenchon 's reasoning and rhetoric echo that of his ideological opposite and nemesis , marine le pen . 
  among the ways le pen has transformed the party founded by her father , jean-marie le pen , is to have turned inside out its relation to europe . 
  fervently anti-communist , anti-gaullist , and thus pro-europeanist during the cold war , the fn began its long lurch toward its current hyper-nationalism with the collapse of the soviet union . 
  the near-death of the maastricht treaty referendum in 1992 , the full death of the european constitution in the 2005 referendum , and its resurrection two years later in the widely despised lisbon treaty ( signed by then-president nicolas sarkozy without a referendum ) showed le pen p\u00e8re and fille the electoral advantages of mining the deepening vein of popular alienation from brussels . 
  you ca n't keep the secrets of success to yourself forever , finns . 
  eventually other countries will discover the power of reindeer , saunas , and vodka . 
  could someone expand on the data we see in the london graph ? 
  why the core is most europhile , why the edges are skeptic , etc. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luxembourg  the people of luxembourg are called luxembourgers are called luxembourgers * luxembourgers * ** bourgers ** deep breaths ... deep breaths ... 
  even if every soviet soldier was blind , deaf and dumb , occupying that amount of territory would be a tremendous task . 
  can of you think of the oldest event celebrated in russia ? 
  does n't have to be official . 
   the operation was driven by adolf hitler 's ideological desire to conquer soviet territory as outlined in his 1925 manifesto mein kampf ( `` my struggle '' ) . 
  still amazes me to this day that this crackpot idea was actually executed . 
  how any person in the nazi leadership , even a diehard brown shirt , thought this was a ) a good idea and b ) viable is beyond me . 
  i wonder if there 's a better example of a nation/warlord having eyes bigger than their mouth than operation barbarossa . 
  i should head over / r/askhistorians regardless , i hope all those lives lost found peace in the next world . 
  * the nativists want to magically return to the all-white , all-christian culture of the 1950s . 
  * oh those awful nativists !, 
  the horror !, 
  they think they have a right to live the same way their parents generation did , and pass down that way of life to their children !, 
  what vile animals !, 
  do n't they know it 's the current year ? 
  iberian union gone as quickly as it appeared ; _ ;, 
  why not austria ? 
  you guys were married for a while . 
  remember the good times ? 
  immigrant groups in general have a lower average age ? 
  i bet if you adjusted the data to only include people under 35 , the numbers would align closer to the `` perceived '' share . 
   he charged migrants up to $ 5,000 ( # 3,900 ; $ 5,680 ) to travel from african countries to northern europe , the newspaper said i 'm curious as to how much guys like him end up pulling in . 
  does it add up to the millions ? 
  where do they keep all this cash ? 
  wow that grass is so green it looks like it came right out of windows xp . 
  thanks for sharing op . 
  gon na go ahead and use this flag discussion to not so subtly suggest that germany bring back [ this awesome flag ] ( http://imgur.com/cwbdcmd ) the afd has the wrong idea . 
  make deutschland great again ? 
  make deutschland * prussia * again !, 
  privyet . 
  the `` british tank '' has an iron cross on it . 
  is n't that exclusively used by germany ? 
  i do n't hate you , ivan ; _ ;, 
  what gives you this faith in millennials ? 
  most european headline i 've read in recent memory . 
   diet americans i 'm going to remember this and use it at every opportunity . 
  i enjoyed that whole exchange quite thoroughly . 
  i thank both of you for participating . 
  holy shit !, 
  wow france really gets away with the lebensraum in this map . 
  this gives oxygen to the idea that elites use mass immigration to create an eu superstate/dissolve nations . 
  to be fair there is a lot of decadence in the west right now . 
  and while i ca n't speak for europe/france , i think it 's fair to say there is an epidemic of narcissism in people right now , especially the youth . 
  [ this ] ( http://takimag.com/article/surrendering_to_death_gavin_mcinnes#axzz49d7nmlfc ) might be the interview the article is talking about . 
  i do n't claim to be an anthropologist , but i do n't think people as far back as babylon needed a guide to figure out missionary and cowgirl positions . 
  i will build a new italian empire with sardinian labor !, 
  nice looking town . 
  sorry to see they 're having trouble with neon spiders spinning webs on the streets . 
  some intense bants right here . 
  my point is that growing the security state , normalizing mass surveillance , and seeing further restriction of civil liberties will not stop all attacks .
