  i still ca n't get over how angela merkel has so much power that she can unilaterally decide to bring 800,000 people into germany . 
  douthat is the only good part of the new york pravda , i have no idea how he stays sane in that enviroment . 
  have an upvote . 
  he murdered innocent people so the general swedish public would `` understand '' him ? 
  what the hell ? 
  my god how many times can reality smack you upside the head before you get the message these people are walking all over you ? 
  what do you think would happen if a swede went to eritrea , murdered a mother and her son , and then claimed he did it to be understood by the locals ? 
  he 'd be under the rope of a mob before the sun went down . 
  reading this just breaks my heart . 
  stay strong romania . 
  he 's the bono of pundits . 
  took you nearly a thousand years since the birth of christ to get with the show , poland ? 
  well , better late than never . 
  happy anniversary !, 
  i 'm much more worried that a 1/3rd support polygamy . 
  but i have the hunch that western cultural elites have no issue with mainstreaming polygamy . 
  any russian posters care to elaborate on the positive view of china ? 
  i 've heard that border tensions have been more common over the years , with chinese loggers helping themselves to russian timber . 
  does this make czechs more pro-russia than most of europe ? 
  one of the families that was relocated to canada , mentioned they thought everyone in the west was rich due to viewing western movies and television shows . 
  maybe the same thing applies here . 
  odd coincidence that all ( ? ), 
  so many of europe 's female political leaders have a background in chemistry . 
  merkel , thatcher , and now this frauke woman . 
  * regarded as wanton slut-buckets . 
  * a problem we all must struggle with . 
  need another russo-japanese war . 
  ivan !, 
  go build a railroad !, 
  will we ever be friends , rusbro ? 
  and now we know the real culprit behind the breakup of yugoslavia . 
  * too fat to fight . 
  too rich to die . 
  * i re-read this like 8 times and laughed each time . 
  well played sir . 
  * france is our mum ? 
  * yeah that was classic . 
  we all know france and germany are the product of charlemagne 's loins . 
  we all agree that the bulgarians are the klingons of europe , right ? 
  this is insane . 
  why make friends when you can make memes ? 
   comrade i saw that !, 
  it 's such a surprise to realize there 's still so much illiteracy in the world today . 
  for months , western policymakers have agonized over what to do with the masses of sunni muslim migrants flooding europe by the boatload , particularly syrians . 
  largely missing from this discussion is the question of why this flood is happening . 
  for starters , it does n't have much to do directly with the civil war in syria or the rise of isis . 
  the vast majority of the 886,662 migrants who illegally entered europe this year embarked from turkey , a little over half of them syrians who took shelter in the country over the past four years . 
  `` eu officials have said ... ankara was very effective in previous years in preventing the outflow of refugees from the country , '' according to the wall street journal . 
  what caused the spike in migration is that ankara stopped containing it . 
  over the past year or so , the turkish government has allowed human traffickers to vastly expand their operations , bringing prices down tenfold ( from $ 10,000 - $ 12,000 per person last year to around $ 1,250 today , according to one report ) . 
  this spawned what the new york times calls a `` multimillion-dollar shadow economy '' profiting from the traffic , ranging from the smugglers to manufacturers of cheap rafts , life vests , and other equipment . 
  by the spring of this year it had become easier and cheaper than ever before to illegally enter europe through turkey , and more people have taken advantage of the opportunity ankara has created . 
  so why did turkish president recep tayyip erdogan open the spigot ? 
  put simply , to extract financial , political , and strategic concessions from european governments in exchange for closing it . 
  ankara certainly has n't been shy about asking for money over the course of its negotiations with eu officials in recent weeks . 
  on november 29 the eu agreed to provide turkey with an `` initial '' $ 3.19 billion and take steps to expedite its bid to join the eu in exchange for turkish promises to better patrol its coastlines . 
  erdogan also used the crisis to generate foreign political support ahead of snap elections on november 1 , essentially a re-do of the june 2015 elections that saw the ruling akp lose its parliamentary majority for the first time . 
  though western diplomatic protocol frowns on state visits during election time , german chancellor angela merkel visited istanbul for high-profile meetings with erdogan and prime minister ahmet davutoglu just two weeks before the vote . 
  the european commission postponed the release of a report detailing the erosion of the rule of law , freedom of expression and judicial independence in turkey until after the election in order , according to reuters , `` to avoid antagonizing '' its president . 
  most worrisome , perhaps , is turkey 's pursuit of strategic payoffs for its human wave assault on europe . 
  in a letter sent to european leaders at the september 23 eu migration summit , davutoglu proposed the creation of a `` safe zone '' and u.s.-enforced no-fly zone stretching from the turkish border 80 km into northern syria , where his government has backed a variety of sunni islamist insurgents against both pro-regime syrian forces and local kurds . 
  although the start of russian military intervention in syria on september 30 put an end to this fantasy for the time being ( which perhaps explains why the turks were so trigger-happy in shooting down an su-24 that only slightly violated their airspace on november 24 ) , you can bet erdogan will use the migrant crisis to pressure the west into supporting his ambitions in syria . 
  if all of this sounds familiar , it 's because the late libyan leader moammar qaddafi used to play the same game , turning the pipeline of illegal trans-african migration into europe on and off as a way of extracting concessions . 
  the most vexing question , then as now , is not what to do with the migrants , but what to do with a government that so callously manipulates masses of downtrodden human beings as a diplomatic pressure tactic . 
  on this there 's room for debate . 
  but the first step in doing anything about it is to call erdogan out for what he is -- dangerous and manipulative -- no partner for western leaders . 
  still , after meeting with the erdogan in paris on tuesday , president obama praised turkey for being `` extraordinarily generous when it comes to its support of refugees . '' the next step , instead of bribing turkey with ransom payments to end the hemorrhaging of syrian and other middle east refugees into the west , should turn the tables on ankara . 
  the potential loss of western support to turkey as it deals with both russia and isis should be the sword of damocles , convincing erdogan to contain the refugee crisis . 
  western material support to turkey should be cut off entirely unless ankara puts an end to the refugee crisis it is manufacturing and begins to play a constructive role in bringing stability to the region . 
  how appropriate that an ancient greek tragedy disrupt the current calamitous turkish-born reality . 
  i care about europe and support the u.s. leaving nato . 
  right now all the u.s. is subsidizing europe 's defenses . 
  if we withdrew it would force the europeans to rediscover their martial traditions , invest in defense , and give them more leverage in when washington decides it wants to `` fix '' the world . 
  it amazes me that the eurocrats are willing to give turkey billions , but wo n't use any of that money to help turkey 's balkan neighbors fortify their border . 
  tiny malta does n't have an overcrowding problem ? 
  by now the story of omar ismail mostefai , the first of the perpetrators of the paris attacks to be named , is depressingly familiar . 
  one could almost have written his biography before knowing anything about him . 
  a petty criminal of algerian parentage from what all the world now calls the banlieue , he was sustained largely by the social security system , an erstwhile fan of rap music , and a votary of what might be called the continuation of criminality by other means , which is to say islamism and the grandiose purpose in life that it gives to its adherents . 
  for feeble minds , the extremity of the consequences for self and others serves as some kind of guarantee that their cause is just . 
  nor was the connection to molenbeek , a neighborhood in brussels where at least three of the terrorists lived , much of a surprise to anyone . 
  brussels -- the `` capital of europe , '' be it remembered -- is slightly more than a quarter muslim , and nearly 100 percent of molenbeek 's residents are muslims of north african background . 
  when a few years ago i was shown around the place , my acquaintances told me it was virtually extraterritorial as far as the belgian state was concerned -- apart from the collection of social security , of course . 
  all the women wore headscarves , and the young men dressed like american rap music fans . 
  the police rarely entered and were far more concerned not to offend muslim sensibilities -- for example , by not being seen to eat during ramadan -- than to find or capture the miscreants who made the area so dangerously crime-ridden . 
  businesses there ( so my guides told me ) paid no taxes but were not investigated for evasion by the tax authorities : it was the tax authorities who did the evading . 
  everyone knew islamist preaching and plotting were rife in molenbeek , but nothing was done to stop it , in order to keep the tense and fragile peace going as long as possible . 
  sympathy for terrorism was the norm -- or , it would be more correct to say , that no one dared publicly voice opposition to it . 
  if my informants were right , this was the perfect place for psychopaths with an illusion of purpose to flourish and make plans undisturbed by the authorities , while being supported by the welfare state . 
  events since have demonstrated that they did not exaggerate ( as , to my regret , i rather suspected at the time that they did , for alarm is so often disproportionate to the reality that gives rise to it ) . 
  recall that the terrorists who were disarmed on the train from amsterdam to paris in august came from molenbeek , as did the man who killed four people at the jewish museum in brussels in 2014 . 
  more volunteers to fight for isis have come from molenbeek than anywhere else in europe . 
  the belgian prime minister , charles michel , has now virtually admitted that the area was extraterritorial to belgium , and out of all control . 
  the time had come `` to focus more on repression , '' he said . 
  but whether the determination or sufficient political unity necessary to carry it out will last is doubtful . 
  repression requires discrimination ; we live in a regime in which murderers may come and go , but social security goes on forever . 
  do we have the stomach to tar many people with the same brush ? 
  that we now know that terrorists among the syrian refugees have entered europe , which was precisely the objection of those opposed to accepting them ( who were vilified by immigration-liberals for their moral obtuseness or nastiness , and have been proven right , which is even more unforgivable ) , now raises the disturbing question : how many innocent people should europe accept for one suicide bomber ? 
  a striking thing about the immigration debate before the massacres of november 13 was the almost complete absence of references , at least by the `` respectable '' politicians , to the national interest of the various countries . 
  the debate was couched in kantian moral terms . 
  sweden , for example , which has no imperative to take refugees other than moral grandiosity and its desire to feel itself virtuous , has had a hard enough time integrating the immigrants it has already taken ; their entry has made that country one with nearly the highest crime rate in western europe .
