  mexican immigration law actually says that immigration `` can not upset the demographic balance '' of the country . 
  try to imagine the shit storm if a western country passed a law like that . 
  farmer -  welder -  ship -  parliament -  un -  genius -  back to farmer the life cycle of communism displayed in bank notes ? 
  if all of the roughly 567,000 syrian refugees currently in germany were like firas alshater ( pictured ) , there would be no integration problem . 
  mr alshater is living proof that alienation and trauma can be overcome with a good attitude . 
  in syria , he was tortured in bashar al-assad 's prisons for nine months . 
  `` you sit there , hear the torment of others , and you do n't know when it 's your turn , '' he recalls . 
  in 2013 he escaped to germany . 
  `` i had heard that the germans are closed , '' he says . 
  `` no , they 're not ! '' now 25 , he rarely looks back . 
  but mr alshater fled to europe at a time when the flow of migrants was still manageable . 
  that changed a year ago , during the night of september 4th-5th . 
  masses of refugees who had trudged through the balkans were stranded in a train station in budapest . 
  fearing a humanitarian disaster , angela merkel , the german chancellor , allowed the whole lot into germany . 
  what was meant as a one-off exception was interpreted in the middle east and europe as a new open-borders policy , attracting even more refugees . 
  germany 's initially euphoric `` welcome culture '' soon soured , especially after new year 's eve , when crowds of mainly arab men , including refugees , robbed and sexually assaulted women during festivities in cologne and other cities . 
  now , as germans mark the first anniversary of their experiment , many worry that integrating refugees will prove harder than they ever imagined . 
  in this section mr alshater burst into the public eye shortly after the cologne assaults , like an angel of cross-cultural mingling . 
  speaking fluent german by now , he put his syrian theatre-studies degree to good use with a self-produced youtube clip . 
  `` who are these germans ? '' , he promised to explain , sitting on a couch with a scraggly beard and body piercings . 
  as with all his succeeding clips -- called zukar st\u00fcckchen , mixing the arabic for `` sugar '' with the german for `` cubes '' -- the video has negligible intellectual content but oozes comedy and goodwill . 
  in one stunt , mr alshater stands blindfolded in a berlin square until people spontaneously begin hugging him . 
  the clips went viral , helping mr alshater to launch a promising career in german media . 
  with a partner , he is producing more zukar st\u00fcckchen and will air his first television film this month . 
  all this makes integration look easy . 
  is he a role model ? 
  `` i do n't even know what ` integration ' is , '' he shrugs . 
  `` i accept them , they accept me , and i do n't bother anybody . '' others are less sanguine , among them germany 's best-known syrian immigrant of an earlier generation , bassam tibi . 
  the 72-year-old mr tibi was born into an aristocratic family in damascus . 
  he learned to recite the koran as a child , and grew up imbibing the anti-semitism that pervaded his environment . 
  but in 1962 he came to germany , studied with renowned german-jewish philosophers such as theodor adorno and max horkheimer , and embraced the west 's tolerant and open society . 
  as a professor of international relations at the university of g\u00f6ttingen for four decades , he popularised the term `` euro-islam '' , arguing that muslims can and should integrate by blending their traditional and adopted cultures into a secularised and modern faith . 
  but of late mr tibi has turned pessimistic . 
  mrs merkel 's welcome last year , he thinks , could even turn germany into a `` failed state '' . 
  recently , he spoke with ten young syrians . 
  `` two of them spoke german , were doing well , and reminded me of myself back then , '' he says . 
  `` the other eight were telling me that ` allah gave us germany as a refuge , not the germans ' . '' most syrians and other muslims , he now thinks , will never integrate , instead retreating into misogynistic , anti-semitic and anti-democratic worldviews and segregating themselves in radicalised enclaves . 
  many germans share his worries . 
  anxiety has risen since july , when a syrian refugee blew himself up outside a concert in bavaria , injuring 15 people , and an afghan refugee hacked several passengers on a train with an axe . 
  both claimed to be acting on behalf of islamic state . 
  the government knows of 340 cases in which islamic extremists have infiltrated refugee camps in search of recruits . 
  hard information on the progress of integrating refugees is elusive . 
  crime statistics suggest that `` refugees , on average , are as likely or unlikely to become delinquent as the local population '' , according to the interior ministry . 
  indeed , relative to their numbers , syrians are under-represented among criminal suspects . 
  ( moroccans , algerians and tunisians are over-represented , but rarely qualify as refugees . ), 
  other objective measures of integration -- such as the speed with which the newcomers learn german , acquire vocational skills and find jobs -- will take years to assess . 
  as of july , the backlog of unprocessed asylum applications was still more than half a million cases . 
  with so much unknown , anxiety only increases . 
  mr alshater is always cheerful in his videos , but in person can appear tired and sad at times . 
  he tries bravely to remain optimistic . 
  integration just takes a lot of time , he says . 
  `` when i came , just that fucking paperwork took a year , '' he says , displaying an idiomatic command of german expletives . 
  `` but those now crammed in the camps with hundreds of other refugees -- how are they supposed to integrate ? 
  speaking to a wall ? 
  to an oak tree ? '' mr tibi , convinced that integration will fail , blames not only the refugees . 
  the german government thinks the challenge of integration boils down to teaching refugees german and getting them jobs . 
  but it is really about identity , he says , and this is where german society fails . 
  during his own stints at american universities , he was always impressed by how quickly he felt a sense of belonging . 
  in germany , even after writing 30 books in german and marrying a german wife , people still make him feel foreign . 
  `` i suffer from an identity crisis , but i go to a psychoanalyst and lie on the couch , '' mr tibi says . 
  `` these 16-year-olds go to islamic state . '', 
  wow i did n't realize how close bratislava is to austria . 
  it 's basically right on the border . 
  if you were austria you could just reach out and take it . 
  they ( merkel/eurocrats ) are completely reactive . 
  they react to orban 's maneuvering , to the ambitions of the 25-year old syrian private , to what seems like everything else during that crisis . 
  they always play defense , they never force other actors to react to * their * actions . 
  at any point she could have called for the border with austria to be closed so she could get a hold the situation . 
  this was not a meteor heading towards europe , a show of force would have stopped the migrants and allowed all of europe to take a breath and decide what to do , instead of making a decision under haste . 
  the belief that `` eu law '' is this omnipotent force that will project order during the crisis is also absurd . 
  `` eu law '' was being ignored in greece for years . 
  `` asylum shopping '' was a well known phenomenon before this crisis . 
  merkel 's belief in `` eu law '' was also not so strong that she decided to `` suspend '' schengen . 
  i 'm also completely shocked that she just assumed the rest of europe would bail her out by accepting quotas . 
  how does someone who 's been in power for almost a decade not know who her most reliable allies are ? 
  how can she not anticipate their reaction to this crisis ? 
  the only way i could describe people like merkel are proto-eloi . 
  a darwinian level of child-like naivete . 
  what other news have we seen this year ? 
  a erdogan fifth column holds rallies in german cities . 
  merkel 's response ? 
  `` please be good germans '' . 
  mass sexual assaults ? 
  oh just send them to a 45min lecture on our values and give them a brochure , that will obviously overwrite the value system they 've been raised with since birth . 
  how can anyone be this naive ? 
  how can someone whose ** 62 ** believe this nonsense ? 
  i 've gone on long enough , but you get the idea . 
  i do n't want to call out the speck in europe 's eye and ignore the log we have over here . 
  we 'll have trump or hilary in the white house next year . 
  judging by what 's going on in our cities like milwaukee , america could be well on the way to balkanization . 
  i 'm just shocked by the quality of leadership the western world has right now . 
  reading this article makes me realize how erdogan is able to brow beat the eu . 
  [ friendly advice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w6as8ovcum ), 
  i like the turtle . 
  the whales , not so much . 
  i thought brexit was going to usher in wwiii , not economic growth ? 
  bait and switch !, 
  bait and switch !, 
  they 're all pod people !, 
  get out while you can !,
