  no but for real , i have no idea why the greeks and italians ca n't do this . 
  just going by wikipedia , both these countries have navies with 40-60 ships . 
  why ca n't they be used to deter the migrant boats ? 
  the socialists and ump united to stop her father from getting close to power , i see no reason why they would n't do the same to her . 
  guy in the middle looks like a bouncer . 
  i agree with you about admitting faults . 
  but it 's the fault of the state , not the entire society . 
  there 's a pretty big chasm between acknowledging the past , and taking responsibility for it . 
  modern mongolia bears no responsibility for the acts of genghis khan . 
  modern france is n't responsible for napolean 's blood lust . 
  even holding an entire society or ethnic group for the acts of a few individuals is asinine . 
  even more shameful is telling ordinary people in a country they are to blame for the acts of their ruling elite , as if they have any say in what their rulers due . 
  i try to be sympathetic to the germans . 
  but it 's really hard to respect a society that does n't respect itself . 
  it will if those migrants stay and bring in their families , and then proceed to have a baby boom . 
   even before merkel 's august invitation , austria had been trying to relieve the stress on its main train stations by putting up migrants in smaller towns . 
  it had a problem , though : the country 's constitution permits local authorities to veto local projects decided at the national level . 
  nothin ' doin ' , said every burgermeister who was asked . 
  so austria 's ruling coalition of social democrats and christian democrats amended the constitution to let the central government override local control over housing policy . 
  under the law , should vienna deem it necessary , all communities of more than 2,000 people must take asylum-seekers numbering up to 1.5 percent of their population . 
  ** progressive migration policy often gets paid for this way -- not in the form of funds but through withdrawn constitutional liberties . 
  ** those who passed the constitutional amendment over the summer said that the likelihood it would need to be used was slim . 
  do you think anyone believed that ? 
  the vienna lodgings meant to accommodate asylum-seekers were soon full , and the lodgings set up in salzburg were overflowing . 
  in case of paywall - the death of europe is in sight . 
  still hazy and not yet inevitable , but nevertheless visible and drawing nearer -- like a distant planet in the lens of an approaching satellite . 
  europe is reaching its end not because of its sclerotic economy , or stagnant demography , or the dysfunctions of the superstate . 
  nor is the real cause the massive influx of middle eastern and african migrants . 
  those desperate people are just the latest stiff breeze against the timber of a desiccated civilization . 
  europe is dying because it has become morally incompetent . 
  it is n't that europe stands for nothing . 
  it 's that it stands for shallow things , shallowly . 
  europeans believe in human rights , tolerance , openness , peace , progress , the environment , pleasure . 
  these beliefs are all very nice , but they are also secondary . 
  what europeans no longer believe in are the things from which their beliefs spring : judaism and christianity ; liberalism and the enlightenment ; martial pride and capability ; capitalism and wealth . 
  still less do they believe in fighting or sacrificing or paying or even arguing for these things . 
  having ignored and undermined their own foundations , they wonder why their house is coming apart . 
  what is europe ? 
  it is greece not persia ; rome not carthage ; christendom not the caliphate . 
  these distinctions are fundamental . 
  to say that europe is a civilization apart is not to say it is better or worse . 
  it is merely to say : this is us and that is you . 
  nor is it to say that europe ought to be a closed civilization . 
  it merely needs to be one that does n't dissolve on contact with the strangers it takes into its midst . 
  that 's what makes the diplomacy of angela merkel , undisputed regent of european foreign policy , so odd and disconcerting . 
  the german chancellor leads a party called the christian democratic union , one of the chief purposes of which is to rally the german right to a reasonable conservatism . 
  yet there she was in istanbul on sunday , offering a deal in which europe would agree to visa-free travel for turks in europe starting next year , along with quicker movement on turkish membership in the european union , if only ankara will do more to resettle syrian and other refugees in their own country . 
  europe would also foot the bill . 
  this is machtpolitik in reverse , in which the chancellor is begging small favors from weaker powers on temporary matters in exchange for broad concessions with far-reaching ramifications . 
  there are 75 million turks , whose per capita income does n't match that of panamanians . 
  the country is led by an elected islamist with an autocratic streak , prone to anti-semitic outbursts , who openly supports hamas , denies the armenian genocide , jails journalists in record numbers , and orchestrates soviet-style show trials against his political opponents . 
  turkey also has borders with syria , iraq and iran . 
  these would become europe 's borders in the event of turkish membership . 
  this is the country ms. merkel proposes to bring into the bosom of europe . 
  her apologists will say she 's being disingenuous , but that only compounds the disgrace of her overture . 
  it also compounds the danger . 
  could europe 's liberal political traditions , its religious and cultural heritage , long survive a massive influx of muslim immigrants , in the order of tens of millions of people ? 
  not given europe 's frequently unhappy experience with much of its muslim population . 
  not when you have immigrant groups that resist assimilation and host countries that make only tentative civic demands . 
  and not when a heedless immigration policy , conducted in fits of moral self-congratulation , leads to the inevitable reaction . 
  in switzerland on sunday , a plurality of voters cast ballots for the swiss people 's party , known mainly for its anti-immigrant stance . 
  its sister parties throughout europe are also the political beneficiaries of the migrant influx , trafficking on legitimate grievances against the postmodern state to peddle illiberal cures . 
  few things are as dangerous to democracy as a populist with half a case . 
  it says something about the politics of our day that this column will be condemned as beyond the moral pale . 
  such is the tenor of the times that it is no longer possible to assert without angry contradiction that europe can not be europe if it is not true to its core inheritance . 
  this is the marriage of reason and revelation that produced a civilization of technological mastery tempered by human decency . 
  ** `` it is commendable that the west is trying to be more open , to be more understanding of the values of outsiders , but it has lost the capacity for self-love , '' a prominent german theologian noted about a decade ago . 
  `` all that it sees in its own history is the despicable and the destructive ; it is no longer able to perceive what is great and pure . 
  what europe needs is a new self-acceptance , a self acceptance that is critical and humble , if it truly wishes to survive . '' ** that 's joseph ratzinger , better known as benedict xvi . 
  he 's out of fashion , which makes him that much more worth hearing . 
  tl ; dr europe come back to jesus and forget this multikulti death pact . 
  `` getting a plan with turkey '' all too quickly turns into `` giving turkey control over europe 's borders '' . 
  this is really only the beginning . 
  once winter ends and the spring comes there 's going to be many more . 
  now that everyone with an internet connection has seen europe completely abdicate any responsibility for enforcing its borders , anyone with the means and ability to make the trip probably will . 
  i have no idea what life will be like for the average person in europe . 
  i 'm still shocked that a majority of germans still support what merkel is doing . 
  i ca n't believe they do n't realize the precedent she 's setting with this de-facto open door policy . 
  europeans are going to be a minority in their own countries and communities , all enabled by their own institutions . 
  maybe a backlash will grow during the winter and force a change in government , i do n't know . 
  the same thing that happened after gaddafi and saddam were removed : chaos . 
  not everyone has brave romanian blood flowing in their veins . 
   polish officers truly the greatest honor a society can ask for . 
  [ i 'm going to post this because it 's such a simple concept that people do n't understand ] ( https://us.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ozzae/germany_registers_409000_migrants_in_40_days/ ) * warning : u.s. centric *, 
  women go crazy for a track suit man . 
  just watched the video , it looks like the black woman is accusing the muslim women of being part of a polygamist marriage . 
  is that a common issue with muslims in the u.k. ? 
  i 've never seen any news stories about polygamy in europe . 
  gentlemen i know how to solve the energy crisis . 
  we will power the global electric grid with these refugees sense of entitlement . 
  no the worst outcome would the the replacement of european culture and people with mena/sub-sahara african culture/people . 
  war is vastly preferable to this . 
  alright we 'll agree to disagree . 
  i just have to ask , [ is this you ? 
  ] ( http://static.ibnlive.in.com/ibnlive/pix/ibnhome/ee.jpg ), 
  [ people like me ? 
  ] ( http://observer.com/2015/08/stephen-hawking-elon-musk-and-bill-gates-warn-about-artificial-intelligence/ ), 
  i think forcing hormones or other chemicals on people without their consent it a pretty clear case of victimization . 
  why not chop off everyone 's hands so they can not raise them against each other ? 
  we banned cloning .
