  what 's the exact translation of `` yenalaiset '' ? 
  centuries of conflict with france and now you ca n't wait to have pierre and marine sit next to you on a bus . 
  go on you two , get a room . 
  same thing with ireland . 
  eating pizza with a knife and fork ? 
  probably from glasgow . 
  that marxist fellow sounds like quite a character . 
  at first glance his ideology seems incoherent , yet when i think about it i ca n't decide what marx would think . 
  capital using a mass of foreign unskilled labor to crush the middle class and petit-bourgeois ? 
  a shame he 's dead and we ca n't ask him . 
   walk through central bratislava and you will only see white people -- a striking contrast to other capitals in western europe . 
  imagine walking the streets of mogadishu and only seeing black people . 
  the horror !, 
  did n't see it coming . 
  +1 to you sir . 
  i 'll tell you what 's not acceptable ; that name . 
  how the hell am i supposed to pronounce `` frauke '' ? 
  did her parents want a boy to name frank , and then just winged it when she was born ? 
   additionally , kohl went on to list viktor orb\u00e1n , one of merkel 's fiercest opponents when it comes to her so-called `` open-door policy '' , as `` my friend '' . 
  based orban has the greatest entourage . 
  back in the day they used to call beirut `` the paris of the middle east '' . 
  now it looks like paris is the beirut of europe . 
   having the same political leader since 2006 this triggers the american . 
  [ i 've heard this story before ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8roh-ky6kw ), 
  this interview of pierre manent , former director of studies at the \u00c9cole des hautes \u00c9tudes en sciences sociales in paris , was conducted by the newspaper il foglio in the wake of the isis murder of fr . 
  jacques hamel . 
  il foglio what do you think and feel about the recent attack at a french church ? 
  no priest had been killed in odium fidei ( out of hatred for the faith ) since the second world war . 
  pierre manent imagine this scene : a mid-week mass , an almost empty church , two parishioners , three nuns , a very old priest with a mild , fine face who is immolated at the foot of the altar on which he has just celebrated the memorial of christ 's sacrifice . 
  this heart-wrenching scene sheds light on the state of christianity in europe . 
  the catholic church lives from the faith and zeal of a few , old and young . 
  it is the object of hatred with two faces : the cold and hissing hatred , the contempt of the class that speaks and writes ; and the murderous hatred of muslim fanatics . 
  the french as a human whole do not know what to do with the church , what to think or what to say of it . 
  the president of the republic rushed in to express his sympathy for `` catholics , '' but then immediately changed the subject , since he did n't know what to say about catholics or the catholic church . 
  only the mayor of the little worker 's town , a communist , knew to speak of `` our priest . '' il foglio france looks exhausted . 
  ... what are france 's mistakes , especially those of the elite media and intellectuals , and what is the nature of its malaise ? 
  pierre manent the french are exhausted , but they are first of all perplexed , lost . 
  things were not supposed to happen this way . 
  ... we had supposedly entered into the final stage of democracy where human rights would reign , ever more rights ever more rigorously observed . 
  we had left behind the age of nations as well as that of religions , and we would henceforth be free individuals moving frictionless over the surface of the planet . 
  ... and now we see that religious affiliations and other collective attachments not only survive but return with a particular intensity . 
  everyone can see and feel this , but how can it be expressed when the only authorized language is that of individual rights ? 
  we have become supremely incapable of seeing what is right before our eyes . 
  meanwhile the ruling class , which is not a political but an ideological class , one that commands not what must be done but what must be said , goes on indefinitely about `` values , '' the `` values of the republic , '' the `` values of democracy , '' the `` values of europe . '' this class has been largely discredited in the eyes of citizens , but it occupies all the positions of institutional responsibility , especially in the media , and nowhere does one find groups or individuals who give the impression of understanding what is happening or of being able to stand up to it . 
  we have no more confidence in those who lead us than in ourselves . 
  it is neither an excuse nor a consolation to say it , but the faults of the french are those of europeans in general . 
  il foglio do you think europe in some way brought this catastrophe on itself ? 
  pierre manent we invite catastrophe by falling for an ideological representation of the world such as the one that is ours today . 
  we invite catastrophe by sincerely believing that the religious affiliation of a citizen has no political bearing or effect . 
  we invite catastrophe by excluding from authorized debate on turkey 's possible joining the european union the fact that turkey is a massively muslim country . 
  we invite catastrophe when we confuse the obligation to rescue a person who is drowning with that person 's right to become a citizen of our country . 
  we invite catastrophe when , in the name of charity or mercy , we require old christian nations to open their borders to all who wish to enter . 
  il foglio has french culture a future ? 
  has christianity , caught between islam and a militant secularism , a future in france ? 
  will western civilization continue to sustain europe , or are we witnessing a slow abandonment of western ideals ? 
  pierre manent we do not know when the trumpet will sound . 
  i can not answer you in the name of some `` expertise '' ; i can only answer `` by hope . '' christian hope is based on faith . 
  i believe that , amid the crumbling of western civilization , which has begun , the supernatural character of the church will become , paradoxically , more and more visible . 
  the hatred of the world will turn against it more and more clearly . 
  more clearly than ever the fate of all will depend on the `` little flock '' of christians . 
  pierre manent was director of studies at l\u2019\u00c9cole des hautes \u00c9tudes en sciences sociales , paris , until his retirement in 2014 . 
  i am so tired of diaspora politics . 
  it 's the worst thing the west tolerates . 
  this is how the ogre returns . 
  i was really shocked by that as well . 
  can any french poster offer a possible explanation on how this is possible ? 
  can you really game the french welfare state that much ? 
  based lycurgus is a superior choice my greek friend . 
  good article . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see how the ruling class in the west grapples with this issue . 
  at least they 're not denying it anymore . 
  the romulus augustus of the fifth republic . 
  wow you guys do n't vote for chancellors , you vote for mortgages . 
  i can see it now . 
  hollande reads an article mentioning this fact , then he shrugs , gets on his moped , and travels to see his mistress . 
  when does europe start to play hard ball ? 
   in the wake of the brexit vote , le pen could scarcely contain her satisfaction . 
  at a short press conference at the her party 's headquarters , le pen stood in front of a newly minted poster displaying a pair of hands breaking free of a handcuff made of gold stars . 
  for those unable to interpret the image , there also ran a caption : `` and now france ! '' indeed . 
  in her opening remarks , le pen congratulated the british people -- along with the `` very brave '' boris johnson and her `` friend and ally '' janice atkinson ( a european parliament deputy formerly with the uk independence party ) -- for reminding france that , yes , `` it is possible to leave the european union . '' she also abstained from playing the religion , race , and immigration cards that brought her to prominence : the french already know the hand she is holding . 
  as a result , she mentioned the word `` immigration '' just once but repeated more than a dozen times the words `` liberty '' and `` democracy '' -- the very values born in europe , she has argued , but scorned by the eu and france 's traditional political parties . 
  `` who would have imagined , just a few months ago , what has since become an imposing reality ? '' when le pen posed the question at her news conference , it was not mere rhetoric . 
  her conviction that brexit has rendered frexit , as well as her quest for the \u00c9lys\u00e9e , all the more conceivable is no longer the stuff of fantasy . 
  in 2014 , le pen was already promising that , if elected to the presidency , her first order of business would be to schedule a referendum on whether france should remain in the eu . 
  suddenly , this promise seems a bit less fantastic , all the more because she has largely succeeded in making the fn a party like the others . 
  ( in a recent and underreported finding by france 's prestigious polling institute , the ifop , the historic gap between those who say they will vote for the fn and those who do vote for it has almost entirely closed . 
  this suggests , as ifop director j\u00e9r\u00f4me fourquet notes , that the shame fn voters once felt is a thing of the past . ), 
  in the most recent salvo of polls from early june , in which the french were asked for their presidential preferences , le pen is the first over the finish line . 
  in nearly every poll , she breaks the barrier of 30 percent , leaving her competitors in the dust . 
  for the moment , the nature of france 's electoral process -- in which the top two finishers face off in a second round of voting -- remains a rampart against a le pen presidency . 
  polls reveal that the only competitor she would defeat in the second round is the discredited and derided fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  the candidacies of alain jupp\u00e9 and sarkozy , the leading contestants for the nomination of the conservative les r\u00e9publicains , pose another obstacle . 
  in a projected second round , both men would attract enough voters from the center and left to decisively defeat le pen . 
  finally , le pen 's path to the \u00c9lys\u00e9e is also mined by the french public 's complex attitude toward the european union . 
  in an odoxa poll taken last week , the french clearly stated that while they can not live with the eu , they also can not live without it . 
  sixty-four percent of respondents do not wish to see france quit the eu , yet at the same time only 31 percent saw the eu as a `` source of hope . '' yet , as le pen underscored in her press conference , much can happen in the 10 months remaining between now and france 's presidential elections . 
  jupp\u00e9 's europeanism and economic liberalism can easily morph into political liabilities ; by the same token , voters will not forget that sarkozy , who now insists that the lisbon treaty be rewritten , had rammed through that same treaty in 2007 when he was president . 
  most important , if the united kingdom manages a smooth divorce from the eu , a majority of french voters may come to see a `` grande france '' as a source of hope , just as a majority of british voters last week saw hope in a little england . 
  after grexit and brexit , the next crisis to confront the european union will be frexit . 
  it will prove to be the worst of all .
