  current family re-unification laws in europe mean that the numbers any country agrees to take will soon be expanded . 
  there is a real moral dilemma , of course . 
  recently in bodrum , on the aegean coast of turkey , i was approached by a family of four syrian refugees begging for alms . 
  the father of the family showed me his syrian passport ( precisely of the kind so easily forged by the terrorists ) , but all i could see was his wife and two small children who were obviously bereft of support and who would obviously suffer without charity . 
  that day , 22 refugees were reported drowned as they tried to reach turkey by boat , an occurrence so regular that it was not reported in the western press . 
  no one undertakes such a journey lightly : only safety or an egocentric thirst for `` martyrdom '' could impel him . 
  europe has nothing equivalent to national interest , and if it did , it would have no way of acting on it . 
  a kind of bloodless universalism has rushed in to fill the vacuum , whose consequences are now visible to all . 
  the first thing president hollande tried to do after the attacks was close the borders ; he now talks ( understandably , of course ) of national security . 
  he talks also of defeating isis militarily , but france , along with all of the other european countries , has run down its armed forces in the name of the social security that paid for at least some of the terrorists . 
  just because europe 's weakness is clear does n't mean that our heads are clear . 
  three days after the attacks , the most influential newspaper in britain ( and in certain ways the best ) , the liberal-left guardian , ran 40 small photos of some the victims , with the headline , `` killed in the pitiless name of terrorism . '' they were not killed in the pitiless name of terrorism , of course . 
  they were killed in the pitiless name of islam -- not the only possible interpretation if islam , no doubt , but still in its name . 
  in the cowardice of this headline was the encapsulated all the weakness of europe , a real encouragement to the terrorists . 
   one could cite many more examples of the gap , now an abyss , between the population and those supposed to represent it . 
  the discredit that applies to all political parties today is n't just huge ; it is legitimate . 
  could n't this apply to the entire western world right now ? 
  [ based douthat says it best ] ( https://twitter.com/douthatnyt/status/667019243800653824 ), 
  i 'm surprised spain has so few . 
  any spanish posters want to elaborate on what 's going on with their muslim populations ? 
  i did n't assign any blame to the victims , do n't put words in my mouth . 
  the people who lost their lives and their families have nothing by my sympathy and grief . 
  i do n't take a position on a curfew or a draft , but i think it would be a positive move to let law abiding french citizens own firearms . 
  i 'm sorry you were stuck in that situation in that bar . 
  but i would draw a different conclusion about what 's happening in our world . 
  here 's a decent article that i think might help - http://www.theamericanconservative.com/dreher/the-end-of-our-time-liberalism-houellebecq-paris/ i hope you read it friend , i hope you do n't have to go through another event like what happened on friday . 
  [ only one of the greatest frenchmen the ever live can properly express my feelings to your post ] ( http://picardfacepalm.com/updown.gif ), 
  no i 'm not a moron , nor am i 14 . 
  i did n't mention the government at all in my post , i talked about the larger society in general . 
  i 'm sure able moron-spotter like yourself can make a better attempt at disagreement than this though . 
   you speak like a religious terrorist yourself really ? 
  condemning decadence makes me a religious terrorist ? 
   french people have thrown orgies , drunk and eaten too much and indulge in sleazy sex for centuries . 
  you can get away with this when your enemies are weak or occupied in their own problems , but you ca n't when they direct their energy and attention to you . 
  and just because you 've been doing something for centuries does n't make it right . 
   we are not going to change not willingly , no . 
  this is how they suggest the problem of islamic terrorism be solved ? 
  by throwing a party ? 
  does anyone really believe you 'll defeat the barbarians with nihilistic hedonism ? 
  i pray france and western europe wake up and realize what threats they face , and more importantly what 's wrong with their nations and begin to fix them . 
  throwing an orgy is n't going to help them , only hasten their doom . 
  while i enjoy slavoj 's critiques , this sounds like he 's trying to raise a ship that has long since sunk . 
  this is meaningless . 
  isis wo n't be defeated through bombing . 
  i doubt this will have any effect other than make us feel like we 're doing something . 
  got ta agree with this . 
  christopher lee was an incredible man . 
  even holocaust denial , which is a pretty stupid view to have considering all the empirical evidence , should n't be a crime . 
  i do n't understand treating people who deny world events as criminals . 
  here in the states we have groups who deny the moon landing , we do n't throw them in jail . 
  let the loons deny the holocaust , just ignore them . 
  but we all agree the collapse of the soviet union was a hoax right ? 
  so sad the mafia still has such power down there . 
  i ca n't believe the allies actually aided their return . 
  this is the most russian thing i 've read in years . 
  that 's a pretty brutal north/south divide in italy . 
  any ideas on why that is ? 
  it 's good to see people like this to remind ourselves that no matter how bad we may have it at the moment , it can always be worse . 
  i 'm half expecting the nordic countries to change their flags to be `` more inclusive '' . 
  i give it two years at most . 
  mexicans love wal-mart . 
  americans either ignore or snear at wal-mart , depending on their class . 
  germans and other europeans love america 's national parks , probably more than most americans . 
  what 's old is new again !, 
  ... sort of . 
  what generation are these turks ? 
  2nd or 3rd ? 
  how many more generations do you think it will take before they `` assimilate '' ? 
  who still believes islam is compatible with western democracy ? 
  how many true believers are left ? 
  i ca n't imagine living in a highly developed country like the netherlands or germany , but supporting politicians and values that would destroy those societies . 
  you either bury multiculturalism , or it will bury you . 
  i bet the banking cartel ca n't wait to lend out more money . 
  brtis are the original dalits . 
  afghanistan is in the middle of a huge youth bulge right now . 
  if word gets out that they can get to germany , more will come . 
   * but there is a complicating fact . 
  those fast-breeding eastern regions are also home to what the turkish government euphemistically calls the `` mountain turks , '' but which everyone else on the planet calls `` kurds . '' turkey 's kurdish minority , usually estimated at around 15-20 percent of the population , is expanding very rapidly -- to the point that , within a generation or two , it will actually be a majority within the turkish state . 
  this nightmare prospect is front and center in the mind of turkish president recep tayyip erdogan , who a couple of years ago issued an apocalyptic warning of a national kurdish majority no later than 2038 . 
  that date is a little implausibly soon , but the principle stands . 
  * can any turkish posters comment on this ? 
  i 've never read anything like this before . 
  it completely changes the way i view erdogan . 
  i thought he was a crypto-islamist who wants to be an authoritarian , but this article offers a different viewpoint . 
  any input from our turkish posters is strongly welcome . 
  ** take it from my cold , dead , hands pierre !, 
  ca n't stop the pole-train baby . 
  i do get the feeling that we 're experiencing a global regression to the mean on a free press . 
  the western press seems even more in bed with elites and special interests , while the media in emerging countries is unable to escape the gripe of the state . 
  yeah most alternative media sites attract quite a few odd birds . 
  i should point out the owner of the site , ron unz , is himself jewish . 
  i believe you 're right that the `` anti-germans '' are a profoundly small minority . 
  but events are not shaped by the majority , but the highly motivated and disciplined minorities . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with all of mr. dihn 's points , but i do think he 's right about the banners displayed . 
  who controls the streets and decides what message is displayed in them is a perfectly legitimate issue . 
  if we went back 100 or so years ago to beijing and say banners that said `` death to sun yat-sen '' and you responded with , `` oh that 's just a few communists , you ca n't judge our country/city based on that '' , we 'd both know that 's not true . 
  as to his views on why merkel is doing what she 's doing , i do n't see his position anymore outlandish than other theories posted . 
  good point . 
  but i 'm curious as to what these navies do if they 're not patrolling their own coasts . 
  the spanish way : 21 % unemployment .
