  we can ban ai . 
  and your view of `` progress '' could very well spell the end of human life . 
   a ninth-grade education and little idea what to do next . 
  yeah good luck with this western europe . 
  i hope the easterns will learn from your foolishness . 
  poland going full dr. 
  evil . 
  this is the most obscure thing i 've ever seen someone get upset about . 
  have an upvote sir . 
  * and the russians * legitimately scared now, 
  ** sorry could n't help it . 
  i really hope to see russia fulfill it 's full potential in my lifetime . 
  no , only an endless supply of processed sugar . 
  which i guess you could call insulin grenades . 
  where the hell do serbs get so many grenades ? 
  even here in ` murrica i do n't think you can get a grenade unless you pull off a heist on an armory . 
  europe sure spends a lot of time trying to prove their innocence on this issue . 
  i always thought you had to prove guilt . 
  and a crypto-islamist, 
  i think you need to consider the generation merkel comes from . 
  she was born in 1954 , when the war had only ended 10 years earlier . 
  i do n't live in germany nor have i ever been there , but i think it 's a safe guess to say that the leadership was dead set on making sure the next generation did not allow them same thing to happen again . 
  most of the leadership in the eu , and in europe in general , is of that generation . 
  people in their late 50s , 60s , and 70s . 
  again this is pure speculation , but i think they are more worried about the national socialist movements of the 20th century than they are about the migration/terrorism crisis of the 21st century . 
  `` generals always fight the last war '' and all that . 
  i want to meet the 1 % of greeks that want more migrants . 
  they 're doomed if the jury has any irish on it . 
  not to mention the increased demand on local water and eletricity sources . 
  in the present ? 
  probably canada and the rest of the anglosphere . 
  in the future ? 
   24 % no education , 30 % basic education can people with that level of education find employment and support themselves in bulgaria ? 
  or in eastern europe in general ? 
  this sounds so unreal . 
  i 'm so sorry you had to go through this . 
  i hope things are better for you and your family . 
  with an `` o '' ? 
  what fresh hell is this ? 
  gaulism is claiming you can afford a ferrari while driving a pinto . 
  i share the concern for europe 's security . 
  i think the baltic states have every reason to be worried about russian aggression . 
  i would simply point out that a ) washington cares about nothing except its own interests and therefore b ) being dependent on washington is not good for your security . 
  prior to the creation of the united states , what did europeans do to check russian aggression ? 
  real hard power . 
  get back in the defense game euros , it 's long overdue . 
  iberians can not into winter !, 
  iberians get out !, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !, 
   environment destroyed by climate change , end of human civilisation by 2100s ( gop supports fossil fuels ) technology will reduce the market value of fossil fuels . 
  and if you 're worried about coal than you should be badgering china and india , not uncle sam . 
   supreme court justices nominated , potentially overturning gay marriage and more ( potentially 2-3 nominations ) lol !, 
  a majority of americans have accepted the view that gay marriage should be illegal . 
  no court case looking to overturn it would make it to scotus . 
   destructive economic and social policies against everyone in society ( continued decline of middle class ) the middle class ( western labor in general ) has been declining since the 1970s . 
  this decline will either continue under trump or be reversed . 
  he did n't start it . 
   trump cooperation with russia , endangering the future of peace in europe ( destabilisation of western alliance ) yes god forbid we cooperate with russia , one of the largest military powers in the world with the largest nuclear arsenal . 
  excluding russia from the world order has been counter-productive . 
  here 's some real talk : who 's been blowing up western cities in the 21st century ? 
  hint : it 's no ivan . 
   bigotry , dishonesty , and populism encouraged for all citizens and future politicians ( alt-right movement ) the alt-right is a movement that exists on the internet . 
  you should be afraid of them as the swiss guard . 
  i do n't know what your definition of bigotry is , but i 'm guessing it includes anyone who dissents from the cult of `` multiculturalism & diversity '' . 
  this would go over well in idaho as well . 
  [ i would like to add to op 's collection . 
  it 's a bit more modern though ] ( http://imgur.com/a/cebw1 ), 
  dacia bringing the salt . 
  culture of death . 
  snap out of it . 
  it 's mind boggling absurd that we avoided war throughout the entire cold war , only to get closer to violence now . 
  oh nigel , we all want to fuck you . 
  i say that every night before i go to bed . 
  i ca n't imagine what it would be like living in japan , holding a coin that featured inscriptions and images that would seem completely alien to you . 
  sigh , globalization has taken the mystery out of the world . 
  everyone !, 
  lets go back to antiquity !, 
  vladimir putin : judoka angel ? 
  good article . 
  my flag knowledge has improved as well , but i still get hungary and bulgaria mixed up . 
  wow this is something else . 
  thanks for sharing , i 'm going to save this . 
  [ forty million russians ] ( http://ci.memecdn.com/591/4557591.jpg ), 
  ... this makes me want to ride a camel . 
   europe 's future rests on italy [ as it has , as it should ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/monsaventinus/images/4/44/spqr-big-red-png.png/revision/latest?cb=20080222085209 ), 
  please tell me what you think national review is . 
  because in american politics it 's just the conventional wisdom of the center-right . 
   it 's just a technically bad article and it says a lot that they ca n't give some names of politicians that would do better . 
  did we read the same article ? 
  the last two paragraphs mention wolfgang schauble as a successor . 
  hardcore bants from the isle of man . 
  no one learns because no one is held accountable . 
  oh he was n't that bad . 
  [ spread the word ] ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/en.futurama/images/6/6b/spacepope.png/revision/latest?cb=20071229224536 ), 
  i do n't understand this logic . 
  because nobility and clergy abuse their power , we have to drive god out of society ? 
  if lawyers and judges abuse their power ( lol !, 
  ) , do we abolish the rule of law ? 
  what 's french for `` over-correcting '' ? 
  talk about beating a metaphor to death .
