it fits more in swedish : g\u00f6tar and gutar . 
  geats : people from southwestern sweden . 
  gutes : people from our biggest island gotland , although it hasnt always been ours , it was said that in the middle ages it was a farmer republic that ruled without other states on its own . 
  norway = friendly but stupid swedes finland = alcoholic weird speaking swedes denmark = not quiet swedes geats = retarded fishermen northerners = socialist mute samis gutes = isolated peasants middle swedes = egocentrical assholes, 
  i see what you 're getting at , to be honest us have some pretty good numbers but the conditions for each country is entirely different with the jobs available and the refugee crisis which affects the statistics . 
  for e.g. , 2000-2005 the fertility rate in sweden was about 1.6 and slowly growing to 1.9 as it is today while the us kept a steady 2.0 to a 2.1 ratio and then back down to a 1.9 . 
  our countries are drastically different but the sole reason i meant to write this is that education isnt exactly free in the us . 
  of course people go to college anyways , because otherwise you 'd be left without a job in the near future , but the massive student loan debts are n't really helping . 
  although i do understand if you find it hypocritical , but i 'd like to remind you that sweden isnt a good example right now because of the current situation and our current politicians . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tertiary_education_attainment this one says something else . 
  obviously not third world but it 's on its way , if you dont provide jobs then people become homeless . 
  simple economics . 
  you ca n't rely on low-wage industry anymore since a lot of those jobs are becoming obsolete as robots are way more efficient and cheaper . 
  and if you dont have a college education , then your chances at getting a job that is not going to become redundant in some decades time are pretty slim . 
  the service sector is going through this as well so dont think you 're safe just because you dont work in a factory . 
  yeah but do everyone get access to said education ? 
  well then . 
  and i dont mean if you have low grades , im mean wether people can afford it or not . 
  yeah but then you have third-world cities like detroit where there 's no industry left yet people populate like rabbits even though there are no jobs left for them or their kids . 
  the south isnt much better . 
  but yeah , the coasts will be fine i guess . 
  well sorta , sadly . 
  but at least the parents are probably economically strong enough to support their family rather than just scraping by . 
  this is pretty good , i mean , with people starting families later on because they want to be sure they can provide and thus creating less children is a good thing . 
  as jobs will diminish over the years due to automatization , this is what we should reach for rather than overpopulating the world . 
  this is why education is so goddamn important , america !, 
  swedes - amusement : eating . 
  this is why you ca n't be with the cool kids , finland !, 
  good point though . 
  it would in a capitalistic society where the immigrants have to make their own fortune , like the us . 
  but when we give dental care to refugees and make them rest in castles , something is very wrong . 
  yeah we need better welfare but open borders ? 
  conservative socialism is your friend rather than the current ticking timebomb that is leftist experiments . 
  yeah they probably did a lot of bad things that could have been evaded but then again , ethics of the time wasnt quite invented yet in the sense that the world wasnt ready for it and that most relevant nations at that time went by conquest rather than diplomatic action . 
  i mean , the black merchants and warlords during the slave trade were the main providers of slaves . 
  just because the brits happened to take advantage of the social darwinian system doesnt make them much worse than anyone else . 
  we 're looking at a historic time period with modern glasses and perspectives , which is the main fault here . 
  so really , the empires legacy is rather tradesmanship , tactics and naval supremacy . 
  and we have semlor which is like regular buns but cutting of the top to which we then put whipped cream and almond paste between the top lid and bottom . 
  one of our kings died by eating too many of these so you know it 's good !, 
  god jul fyllon . 
  i got axis & allies from my bro so i thought i would play it with him today but he 's not showing up . 
   :( * that feel when you are the only one who likes wargames *, 
  thank god then for culture converting !, 
  it just takes so many bird points though ... 
  well think about it , it doesnt have to be as bad as you think it would be . 
  and what other options are there ? 
  there \u00b4 s going to be another religious extremist group that \u00b4 s gon na take over when isis is done and that one is probably going to be even worse . 
  a major problem why these kind of groups appear is because of lack of education , providing that to the populace while making sure that there are no other zealots interferring , the groups in time will lose their support and manpower . 
  but there are few ways to make that happen , and it \u00b4 s going to take a few generations . 
  you \u00b4 re from scotland , your situation is completely different from ours . 
  it \u00b4 s cute . 
  you might be right but trust me , sweden is 100 times worse ... our politicians are preschoolers in suits . 
  yeah but it \u00b4 s a bit much like sweden , i guess i want something else . 
  canada , it \u00b4 s like the states if it had healthcare and common sense . 
  it \u00b4 s true , but to discuss the subjects themselves , religion , culture , nations , are not forbidden , although by many thought as racist or whatever.when you criticize a religion , wether it be christianity , islam , buddhism ( im a bit unsure on judaism ) , you \u00b4 re not criticizing the practitioners , it \u00b4 s what they practice . 
  religion is something you choose to believe in or not but it doesnt adhere to anyones `` race '' . 
  it \u00b4 s just a matter of opinion . 
  it \u00b4 s an ideology even . 
  when talking about how a certain person or group behaves , then it \u00b4 s not about the physical properties of that person , it \u00b4 s about the cultural link that is important . 
  culture in my opinion should share the same status as religion , it should definitely be open for criticism . 
  culture are still ideals , something made up . 
  we did , it 's called the black plague and the mongols . 
  most died by disease anyways , which was not a planned factor . 
  also we cant judge the past with current concepts of morality and ethics , had the situation been reversed , the aztecs and mayans would have done the same unto us , they were no critics of slavery and war exactly . 
  the current idea of human rights wasnt invented back then , much less in the technologically deficient american tribes . 
  most colonized tribes and protectorates would even enslave their own for whatever benefit , muslims , africans , indians , natives of america and so on , which was outlawed in christian society , which the converted would benefit from . 
  columbus actions are not really relevant other than what he achieved , because that is what previous generations hundreds of years remember about him . 
  it should be seen as an historical artifact that represents their era and what people thought under those times , rather than as a monument to columbus . 
  if we destroy that monument , we destroy a piece of history we wont ever see again . 
  this is what they wanted to remember . 
  the statues of the 20th century is different in this regard as those who experienced it are still alive and it is up to them wether they want to keep the statues or not . 
  most people who experienced the communist regimes for e.g. 
  would probably not want to for good reason , which gives legitimacy to tearing those statues down . 
  britain is still a beneficial trade partner with the eu just as the usa are , i think they 'll be able to create a separate arrangement ( like the trade treaty the us is about to establish with the eu , cant remember the name of it ) that is beneficial to both sides when it comes to trade . 
  why would they want lesser educated immigrants in contrast to europeans ? 
  what says that uk cant create a separate arrangement with the eu or a policy that stimulates certain workforces ? 
  in that sense they would be able to regulate who can live and work in britain and who can not . 
  without the eu they arent obligated to take in either refugees or just immigrants they dont need in terms of what profession they have . 
  i thought of that as well , but the eu doesnt like autarkic methods . 
  but i think the eu will lose more than britain because of it is one of its richest countries . 
  hopefully then the union can go back to being more of a trade agreement as it was in the beginning rather than a federacy . 
  no , it is your average swedish male , sven . 
  it 's nice but i 'm afraid it will never beat a good ol' `` gr\u00e5trunk '' which is pretty much crying while masturbating . 
  nope , not this time finland . 
  well , the last time eastern europe was in the mainstream media in wester europe was during the breakup of the soviet union and the balkan wars . 
  and obviously the cold war has affected you in many ways , especially keepiung up with the western market economy where some former communist states like estonia has succeeded immensely but others like romania is stagnating . 
  or that is what most people remember and since the east seems to striving with their economies , internal conflicts and eu membership , it 's easy for the common european to just assume that things could be better . 
  right now the syrian civil war and isis crave more attention and so people who watch the news just see that rather than the slightly less urgent russian invasion in ukraine for e.g. 
  well then , i think i can oblige ... , 
  well you present a statement but you dont really back it up so it 's hard for the reader to understand what you mean . 
   charlemagne was in fact the founder of the roma people can you back that up with facts ? 
  trust me , there is . 
  usually only in the cities but there is at least one gypsy at every grocerystore or multiple gypsies at the malls . 
  or just in the street , begging . 
  and we ca n't even take care of our refugees , how the hell are we suppose to take care of the romas as well who in most cases lack any sort of useful education ? 
  i mean , the refugees in most cases are usually pretty easy to integrate ( that is if you 're not in sweden , because with the current politics it 's not really working out ) but the romas is a whole other chapter . 
  * sweden, 
  you want to try again and back that statement up with reason ? 
  what would that be then ?
