what 's a populist ? 
  in places with lots of tourists airbn is as expensive as hotels . 
  so budget spending is classified in sweden ? 
  we 've always been told it 's the most transparent and non corrupt country ever so that 's quite a surprise . 
  his point is that the prostitutes can still go and press charges if they 're abused . 
  they are n't doing anything illegal only their clients are . 
  it was all over the media . 
  after the attacks there where plenty of articles about how it was the feeling that they had no future because they 're discriminated that led young men to terrorism . 
  yeah , and deportantions/killings because you were from the wrong social class were ok ? 
  how convenient to forget that . 
  he 's gettin a masters in mediasomething , he 's not getting ready to do any dirty work . 
  otherwise he 'd be in trade school or apprenticeship . 
  make sure to include discussion about the important bias of doing your survey on reddit . 
  also , there 's no socio demographic questions and the questions are really vague . 
  are you really doing a phd ? 
  there 's just no way this survey can be considered valid scientific work , maybe you shoukd do more reading about surveys and statistics . 
  edit : oh you did n't mean thesis as in phd . 
  anyway , even for undergrad this is still really bad work . 
  you should always provide some socio demographic description of the population , with any survey . 
  it has no meaning otherways . 
  maybe someone you love will get blown up it the next attack will you still think it 's just something minor ? 
  you 're such an hypocrite . 
  it 's disgusting really . 
  after the paris attacks i think not even an hour passed after the start of attacks and the subject on r / france was how terrible that the fn might gain some support over it . 
  fuck dead people , let 's downplay it to make sure the party we do n't like does n't win . 
  surely people dying happens from time to time , let 's not forget more people die in car accidents anyway . 
  i foud it it do incredibly disrespectful to the victims and their families . 
  it 's great to know mods ban people who they find annoying . 
  i thought the sarcasm was obvious . 
  after seeing some other comments i can see why not . 
  exactly , would they do the same but with israel or even turkey ? 
  i agree i find this jokes quite distasteful . 
  i believe there really is racism against russians in europe . 
  but hey , they 're white and christians so it 's not the kind of racism we worry about . 
  hey , it 's for their own good . 
  the governement doesn ` want right wing protesters to get hurt , that 's all . 
  which organisation ? 
  ddo you have a source ? 
  call me ignorant if it makes you feel so good but it wo n't change that when talking about recent religious tensions in europe everyone knows it 's about islam . 
  what exactly not naming it changes ? 
  is n't it clear which religion they mean ? 
  that 's political corectness taken to absurd , not trying to be neutral . 
  that way of thinking is exactly what makes people vote far right . 
  if the mainstream media is so biased as to avoid certain topics because it will benefit the far right , people become paranoid and vote them even more . 
  they get the aura of being the only ones telling the truth . 
  well , the mainstream press should have covered it more . 
  we only heard rumours of it the day it happened but no real coverage from `` reputable '' sources . 
  if they avoid sensitive topics it 's normal that people become paranoid . 
  not for local buses ( as in those going around the city ) but in long distance buses ( or coaches , not sure what the right term is ) , sure . 
  this is really sad . 
  i have a friend who was an erasmus student in spain , she used to tell me they 'd have these long bus rides that were like a mini-fiesta , they 'd dance and drink in the bus . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's in any way related but are seat belts compulsory in buses ? 
  romanians are n't really from the roman empire either . 
  the fact that it roma replaced tzigan is about being politicallly correct . 
  we still use hungarian instead of magyar even though it does n't come from their language . 
  it 's the same as tsigane , it comes from greek i think and the word exists in several languages . 
  but yeah , the pc term is now roma . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  if they 're from turkey it 's quite annoying that they 're called romanian . 
  not all roma are from romania , ugh . 
  i think i 've read at least 5 different versions in the media , i 'm not sure if we 'll have an official version soon . 
  i do n't think this is only about racism , though the fact that the roma are negatively viewed likely plays an important role too . 
  but it 's normal for parents to want children who look like them , for various reasons . 
  they might not want to tell everyone that their child is adopted , they do n't want people to always be looking at them and thinking whether that 's really their child , the kid might even be bullied in school because of it . 
  there 's still a lot of stigma related to adoption . 
  it 's only a time of need because of your stupid policies . 
  you could use this example if , let 's say , there was a war in germany and slovaks would n't accept german refugees . 
  that 's impossible with the huge disparities between countries in the eu . 
  france has a basic income given to everyone who does n't work of about 450 euros , not counting other benefits like help with paying rent . 
  in the poor eu contries that 's close to the median salary . 
  it 's impssible to give the same benefits everywhere . 
  if you see 100 people running for no obvious reason you can easily panic and think they are running away from danger . 
  think of the images of people running after the nice attack . 
  they did n't all see the truck , people were just told to run away and evacuate . 
  is there any proof the munich gunman had right wing motivations ? 
  i mean they could have just admitted they did n't know . 
  but the initial version was that it was a crazy lone wolf attack . 
  that 's not a choice , they take away your national id if you officially become a resident in another country and you are only allowed to have a passport . 
  but many romanians living abroad do n't do this , they just return to romania when their papers expire and pretend to live at some relative 's to renew their papers . 
  it 's not really legal but very widespread and nobody cares . 
  that 's nonesense . 
  i ca n't live in a bubble and what happens in society affects me . 
  `` accepted '' lol really ? 
  what you call `` acceptance '' is the result of centuries of wars and turmoil . 
  you 're talking as if bulgaria 's history was a long peaceful series of `` acceptance '' . 
  just as you want to enforce `` diversity '' on those who do n't want it . 
  you 'd like enforce your views on others just as much , you 're just an hypocrite about it . 
  they 're better educated because people have easier access to higher education . 
  having a higher education is a much smaller accomplishment for the younger generations . 
  that 's because of the massive emmigration . 
  romania 's working population is actually quite low . 
  i think people did n't understand you . 
  you mean that among the younger generations there is a higher percentage of immigrants . 
  i think you 're right , even more so if you look at numbers for males . 
  i would like to see the statistics for that . 
  in romania most people who vote left are quite conservative , people from the lower classes who are very religious . 
  if the mainstrean leftist party would suddenly turn `` progressive '' , being anti-religion , pro-lgbt and against the values of their voters it would create room for the nationalistic `` far right '' parties . 
  these sort of parties do n't get many votes in romania because there 's no need for them , mainstream parties are already conservative enough . 
  it 's sort of what happened in the west , lower-class people do n't feel represented by the values of the mainstream left so they turned to voting far-right . 
  that 's the slogan of a french far-right group .
