  during the war in yugoslavia/kosovo the participation of german forces was barely declared legal because the fig leaf of ` humanitarian intervention ' was pasted on it and the parliament got to vote on it . 
  so asking germany to help defend allies is not a problem , but to do so to invade random arab states to the replace the local dictator with religious fanatics is . 
  [ not just in the past . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_patents ), 
  that sounds reasonable , investment in a company has a higher benefit to society than stuffing art in a safe . 
  some countries exempt objects of art from capital gains tax . 
  in germany that happens if more than one year passed between purchase and sale , switzerland has similar laws if i remember correctly, 
  of course it is legal - that does not mean it is a good idea . 
  for instance , the 7 percent reduced vat was introduced to help people purchase the bare necessities of life , including paintings and truffles , while luxury items like diapers are taxed at 19 percent . 
  some changes to that have been made but it is still illogical . 
  avoiding it when you sell it is much more important . 
  in germany for instance , buying a painting or a similar work of art costs 7 percent vat , the reduced rate , and selling it after more than one year is tax free . 
  if one had to decide between that and investing in the economy , like in stocks , one would have to pay a capital gains tax on each sale , no matter when it was and a tax on the dividend of 25 percent or the personal income tax rate each . 
  friedrich should occasionally read the german basic law he swore an oath on . 
  the ` super fundamental right ' is found in article 1 - the inviolability of ` human dignity ' . 
  in other words , a person can not become a mere object of the state 's actions , such as a collection of data and metadata in a secret agency 's database . 
  the second article guarantees freedom , but he probably does not know that either . 
  the same option appeared 7 times and the result makes it look like 11683 votes came out of 2131 responses . 
  some might consider this hilarious - however , i do not think this is funny at all . 
  not much of a surprise , since the vatican can and does influence politics in almost every european country - and usually not in a positive way . 
  one could not say the same thing about andorra or san marino . 
  in its peculiar wisdom , the german government decided to first open the border in 2004 but restrict the employment of eastern europeans . 
  free employment was finally allowed in 2011 and in 2014 will be for bulgaria and romania . 
  i am sure one of these days the german officials will figure out why the criminals did not adhere to that law and the lawful citizens went elsewhere . 
  ah yes , uranium might be needed for a fantasy propulsion method . 
  how about the future generations [ mine it ] ( http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/1981geokh.......10b ) right on [ mars ] ( http://www.lpi.usra.edu/meetings/lpsc2011/pdf/1097.pdf ) , that would make shipping to utopia planitia quite convenient . 
  i wonder what gave our ancestors the right to use stones , since we all know stone is a limited resource and might be needed later on - that was shockingly irresponsible , really . 
  if we continue the way we do , the known uranium reserves shall last for [ several millennia ] ( http://www.iaea.org/ourwork/st/ne/nefw/technical_areas/nfc/uranium-production-cycle-redbook.html ) , with [ high estimates ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=how-long-will-global-uranium-deposits-last ) going up to several ten thousand years . 
  clearly , now is the time to panic and quit using nuclear power . 
  otherwise we might eventually supply everyone with cheap power and liberate them from physical labour that keeps them in poverty . 
  the sun is paying a price ? 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  the price driver is politics , not demand or primary energy costs . 
  edison correctly foresaw the price reduction that comes with mass production and increased efficiency . 
  obviously he could not imagine the politics affecting electricity these days . 
  the renewable craze in germany is ` green entrepreneurs ' fleecing the general public . 
  need less to say , this hits the poor the worst - last year , about [ 200000 welfare recipient households had their power turned off ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/energy-turnaround-in-germany-plagued-by-worrying-lack-of-progress-a-860481.html ) because they could not pay the bills . 
  what a travesty when electricity generation started out with edison saying : ` we will make electricity so cheap that only the rich will burn candles . ', 
  they should consult their colleagues in germany the ruling party has [ quite some experience with creative funding ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cdu_donations_scandal_%281999%29 ) as well . 
  previous regulation tended to focus on industry and administration , the new kind on individual houses and gardens . 
  that overdoes it a bit . 
  why do we need regulation like that ? 
  in general , restrictive rules like those create barriers to market entry which favour large corporations at the expense of smaller ones and the consumers . 
   `` it is difficult to know , '' averred lord freud , `` which came first , the supply or the demand ... food from a food bank -- the supply -- is a free good , and by definition there is an almost infinite demand for a free good . '', 
  almost right , except that it is possible to know the demand came first , since food , is not a free good . 
  it was produced using scarce resources , so its production carries a cost and even its procurement from the food bank an opportunity cost . 
  further , by definition a free good is one that has unlimited supply and carries no production cost like an idea or the air we breathe . 
  i have yet to see anyone starting to hyperventilate because air was free , but i would suggest it to lord freud , that might prove his proposition of infinite demand . 
  worldwide is a bit of an exaggeration , not even all of europe participates - not that this makes it a good idea in general . 
  the seed part is about the regulation on marketing of plant reproductive material which is still [ bad law despite its recent changes ] ( http://open-seeds.org/bad-seed-law/ ) . 
  the eu is starting to restrict the daily lives of its citizens by telling them what light bulbs to use and what seeds they may plant in their gardens . 
  of course people are going to be sceptical of that . 
  decisions of this extend lack legitimacy , that can only come from the consent of the governed . 
  europe has too much bureaucracy and too little democracy at the moment . 
  the german president , a former clergyman no less , lives in the presidential palace with his mistress , having left his wife back home . 
  no one really cares . 
  there must be something better in the in the databases than a secretary . 
  [ the way this seen in pakistan ] ( http://dawn.com/news/1020948/czechs-kidnapped-in-pakistan-appear-in-video-make-demand ) - baluchistan 's government is likely getting their agents and the frontier corps up to the hills to find some more traces . 
  they make a political/religious demand to show how pious they are , but should allah preordain that they only receive a ton of ransom money , they would grudgingly take that as well . 
  of course it is . 
  so was the cooperation between the kgb , stasi and other eastern european secret services . 
  running amazon or similar mail across gmail is not going to give away anything - i assume those companies cooperate just as any other business they force to do so . 
  on the bright side , since it is public knowledge that there are back doors into many systems , which court could prove without a doubt that a mail or file was not manipulated by a secret service ? 
  that used to be the method in germany - a fee on ` novel broadcast reception devices ' . 
  it has been replaced with the fee being charged on every residential address , there is no need to own anything capable of reception any more . 
  there are even direct treaties between russia and germany with both sides agreeing to the restitution of art - the problem remains the same as with the hague convention : it can not be enforced . 
  her party lost the january state election in lower saxony by one seat - the christian democrat 's position is decent but not so good it could not use improvement . 
  nothing merkel and putin do or say will change anything on the status of the art concerned . 
  it 's status is governed russian and german law - all they can do is reiterate the known legal positions on this matter . 
  however , a little patriotic publicity never hurt any politician 's image and we have elections coming up in germany in exactly three months . 
  no need to mention that one of the [ interview partners and his organization were recently de-funded ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/journalists/andrew-gilligan/10108098/muslim-hate-monitor-to-lose-backing.html ) for greatly exaggerating the amount of attacks . 
  prometheus stealing fire from the gods and other stories that show him helping humanity probably gave him the status of hero . 
  most of the us forces are already gone from europe - the majority of the remaining ones run bases and logistics for operations in asia . 
  the largest overseas military hospital in landstuhl accounts for over a thousand soldiers alone . 
  this may eventually be the case , but it is not an automatic effect of muslims immigrating - in case of doubt , the religious conservatives support each other to oppose secular society . 
  when the jyllands-posten cartoons were published , a large number christian churches were not exactly supportive of the human right of free speech , but rather of their ` right ' not to be offended . 
  recently , the german ahmadis have been granted official recognition in the first state , which means they get the same privileges the big churches do . 
  i am already looking forward to the whining of the christian right when they find out the magnitude of special rights this involves , like the state collecting the tithe for them , tax exemptions , religious education in schools and so on . 
  of course , none of that makes it easier to make europe more secular . 
  how is artificial insemination of livestock going to work then ? 
  it is not wrong as long as the human involved has no fun doing it ? 
  the indices used include internal factors , not just external ones . 
  since i could actually download the whole thing today : human rights are part of the index , but a low score there could be compensated by having a ` sound business environment ' . 
  is n't that wonderful ? 
  qatar still ranks below most of europe in their internal peace index , so that makes quite a bit more sense . 
  would that not mean threatening violence is acceptable , as long as it is not applied ? 
  i can see how they could come up with a result like that , but i do not think people under threat are at peace . 
  to pick just one of the oddities : qatar , an absolute monarchy with death penalty , corporeal punishment and a [ generally dubious human rights record ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_qatar ) scores higher than the netherlands ? 
  peace through oppression is fine , it seems . 
  unfortunately , the irony would be lost on them since that is [ not an ` h ' . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omon ), 
  in the 50ies and the early 60ies , the east german party chairman walter ulbricht and his ilk called jazz ` decadent and corrupt ' , the ` monkey culture of imperialism ' and assorted other idiocies , just like the nazis . 
  by the mid to late sixties , they had lost to popular opinion and the ideological inconsistency of their position in inner party fights . 
  louis armstrong , ella fitzgerald and others were then actually permitted to give concerts and their records were available . 
  as for classical music - it was popular entertainment . 
  for instance , some mozart 's best works , like the magic flute , premi\u00e8red in simple theatres in front commoners . 
  indeed , maybe - the stakeholders are not going to vote on every decision each socially owned company is going to make . 
  there is going to be a management for each of the companies running day to day business . 
  this is where a principal-agent conflict comes in - management tends to ensure its own benefit , if not controlled . 
  the control for that is the shareholders , who traditionally stand to gain or lose significantly depending on how said management does .
