well , france has always been pushing copyright law to the extreme , like the proposal to lengthen author rights to 90 years after death , which was reduced in the end to 70 years ( a case of `` ask for the insane and something absurd will appear sane in comparison and be accepted '' ) . 
  the rights owner 's ( `` culture '' ) lobby is extremely strong in france , i 'm not entirely sure why , that probably has to do with the fact that we are governed by aristocrats . 
  we also enjoy eu 's highest private copying levy , there is no such thing as fair use , and so on . 
  i could also talk about how the minister of foreign affairs laurent fabius , who owned a large collection of art , passed a law exempting art collections from taxes , but i 'd digress . 
  yeah . . france 's france t\u00e9l\u00e9com / orange used to be a public company before being privatized , and alcatel ( big player in the submarine cable market ) is an old french company . 
  they cooperate with the intelligence services as a matter of course . 
  everything that goes on their network and out of the submarine cable terminals in brittany is monitored . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.rfi.fr/france/20140321-comment-dgse-collecte-massivement-donnees-orange/ ) ), 
  there 's something i do n't understand i guess . 
  how in your story am i supposed to infer you 're talking about a terrorist organisation , as opposed to simply a generous person with no ulterior motives ? 
  there 's something frightening and sickening when giving food is getting so close to be labelled a terrorist act , and so many people seem to agree . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poverty_in_the_united_states  in november 2012 the u.s. census bureau said more than 16 % of the population lived in poverty , including almost 20 % of american children, 
  so values of solidarity and sharing food with another human is seen as the root of extremism now ? 
  depressing turn our societies are taking . 
  just commenting on one point , in france you can legally change your name if you have a foreign name to take a french name . 
  however in this aspect like the others europe is not one entity and things will change from country to country . 
  tell that to our government . 
  could you be a bit more explicit ? 
  i think that 's a wrong way to see the problem , and i do n't blame you since our government has the same bias . 
  companies produce as much as they can sell . 
  if there is more demand , they will hire more people to meet it . 
  the problem companies have today in france , is that the demand is low , and consequently they do n't sell much . 
  this is a demand-side problem , not supply-side . 
  next you have to think about two things , one is that money needs to flow for the economy to thrive . 
  french companies sell mostly in france , and if the workforce is paid less for the same amount of production then they will be able to buy less of that production than they used to . 
  the next thing to consider is the quality of life of employees . 
  minimum wages and work time laws exist to counter the fundamental imbalance of power between employee and employer . 
  your proposal to remove minimum wage and work time limits will make the power of employers too strong . 
  well the 35h law created about 300k jobs according to official reports . 
  so there 's that . 
   working more create more good and services why ? 
  all things fixed , if suddenly employees can work longer , then the company will be able to produce the same amount with less employees , and will fire the rest . 
  there is no reason why working more is conducing to produce more . 
  sorry i used the french term directly but the meaning is probably quite different , it means people whose religion is the free and undistorted market , hating the state , redistribution , taxes , etc. 
  maybe `` neoliberal '' ? 
  one day one of you liberals that roam these parts will have to explain clearly how making people work longer is going to create jobs . 
  your personal hiring experience does not constitute a valid study of the entirety of the job market . 
  the unions have avidly ratified anything that was thrown at them in the last two years so i would n't call them intransigent . 
  but you 're right about the rest . 
  so after all socialist governments throughout europe have removed their masks and revealed their neoliberal nature , junker turns out to be in favor of interventionism and demand-side stimulus in economy . 
  i ca n't help but find it amusing . 
  legal immunity for all acts even outside the presidential mandate was a constitutional reform voted under chirac in 2007 . 
  i really wonder why this reform was though necessary . 
  this contributes to the idea that all citizens are in fact not equal before the law and that the governing class is above the law of the common populace ( we already have the `` cour de justice de la r\u00e9publique '' which is a special jurisdiction for members of the government ) . 
  this is unjustifiable . 
  note that all laws must be promulgated by the president and that the law detailing the destitution procedure of the 2007 reform has still not been promulgated . 
  you say that like the alternative are nice and clean . 
  only fossil fuels would allow to produce the level of energy we 're consuming right now , and that has immediate , dramatic consequences on our planet , climate change , disappearance of habitats , an impact on crop yields that may be responsible for famines , etc. 
  so the choice is between a low risk of a localized catastrophe vs. the immediate less spectacular but tangible impact of releasing greenhouse gases , not to mention the estimates in the tens of thousands of deaths caused by air pollution . 
  think about it one second . 
  if this is the level of competency that the `` digital '' commissioner can exhibit , what about the others , the one for economy , finance , justice , etc. 
  it 's quite sad to think that they are appointed mostly as a game of power between the main parties rather than based on their skills . 
  we should ask you guys to [ produce a vaccine ] ( http://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/press/news/_layouts/forms/news_dispform.aspx?list=8db7286c-fe2d-476c-9133-18ff4cb1b568&amp;id=1065 ) ;d, 
  bodily fluids include sweat which is produced profusely by feverish persons and not clearly visible like blood . 
  there is no consensus on how much time the virus can survive on a surface , in that thread people linked to surveys talking about a few hours to 21 days or more . 
  anyway i feel like there 's more to this virus than people seem to be so sure about . 
  clearly a lot of medical personnel has been contaminated , even when fully aware of the risks and known modes of transmission . 
  germany broke the rules too . 
  in fact they 're breaking them right now , their trade balance has been consistently higher than the 6 % limit since 2007 , and this is hurting partner countries . 
  why are they not criticized and asked to comply in the same way as others ? 
  well , he has increased taxes on individuals by 30g $ , and lowered business taxes by 40g $ . 
  not what i 'd call `` nothing much '' . 
  the problem is that when you increase the taxes people have to pay , they do n't have as much money to buy stuff , and no amount of supply side stimulus will change that . 
  business taxes have generated 10g $ less than expected , and in turn the budget is actually 4g $ worse than last year instead of improving . 
  austerity does not work . 
  what matters is the debt/gdp ratio . 
  if you lower your spending but in turn cause economic shrinkage , your debt/gdp will increase . 
  likewise if you spend a lot but stimulate the economy , your debt might decrease . 
  in practice all the austerity measures imposed in the eu have cause massive debt * increases * . 
  please stop with the we-must-repay-the-debt-at-all-costs bullshit , this is a * moral * position , it is not backed by any economic theory . 
  in case you do n't know , in france taxes have been cut for businesses , but they have increased for individuals . 
  various benefits are being lowered as well which compounds the loss of purchasing power . 
  there is somehow the belief that a supply-only policy actually works . 
  austerity is not based on any sound economic theory , it is tanking the eu economy which has already enough trouble recovering as it is . 
  even the bloody imf is warning us against it . 
  maybe we 're not implementing `` austerity '' by german standards ( by the way one country dictating what everyone else must do is starting to piss me off , it 's supposed to be a union ) , but we 're already transferring way too much money from individuals to businesses , i guarantee that we 're not going to reach the growth goals , like all growth goals since 2009 , and we 're going to make it worse thanks to cargo cult politics by a bunch of morons ( the socialist party ) , who were so busy plotting against each other to reach power that they did n't find time in 15 years to think about what they 'd do if they actually went in office . 
  we 're firmly into terminator/matrix territory here , that would mean robots at least as competent as the humans who created them . 
  then why would they need to keep us alive ? 
  getting people to accept to give up private property even partially seems also in the realm of science fiction , 
  it 's already happening , and a big reason there are not enough jobs for everyone . 
  however what incentive will there be to keep the robots running if everything is free ? 
  i 'm seeing more of a progression of what we have now , where the people are even more enslaved and forced to work for less and less as their workforce becomes less worthy comparing with the robots , and the few owners of the production facilities and corrupt politicians will become ever richer . 
  turning them off completely is long , but they can be controlled very rapidly down to a certain point . 
  it takes just a few minutes to move the control rods in and out of the core . 
  the difference is that with nuclear or fossil you can decide when the plant goes in and out of production based on needs , not so with wind which is often not on convenient times , and since most of europe 's atlantic ocean facade receives similar winds it is not possible to balance production across countries easily . 
  you 're assuming anyone recognizing the flag would automatically talk shit to you ? 
  he 's referring to the song * panic * by * the smiths * . 
  i do n't know what you find `` selective '' about my `` outrage '' . 
  did you read into my mind what i think if any other agreement ? 
  the subject here is specifically the ttip . 
  arbitration tribunals should not exist in general and certainly not at a supra-national level , if there are other agreements with this kind of provision in place then it is regrettable and they should be reviewed but it is not a reason to add another one . 
  i feel like i 'm repeating myself but economic efficiency ca n't be the justification to everything . 
  tribunals can only be legitimate if they are based on the sole source of authority , which is the people . 
  agreements made behind closed doors by technocrats have no legitimacy at all , and the fact that they can impose things on whole countries mostly be keeping the people in the dark is disgusting . 
  it sucks that we did n't get that contract but if the us want to be protectionist it is their right and frankly we should imitate them a little . 
  they do n't have the power to sue sovereign states without this trade agreement either . 
  if `` investors '' could enslave the population for their benefit i 'm sure they would do it . 
  jobs for everyone and it would be great for the economy . 
  i 'm eagerly awaiting episode 3 . 
  we 're not dumping it in any atoll but storing them for now .
