  another bs pr move . 
  tax evasion is basically switzerland 's business model . 
   it preferred , it said , to allow the banks to `` self-regulate '' , since this had proven effective when it came to sniffing out money launderers . 
  wow ... really ? 
  i do n't because i did n't . 
  for the last time , french people ! = french government . 
  it might surprise you as a swede , but our politicians are fucking corrupt as shit , and do not care whatsoever about what happens to the rest of the world as long as they stay in power . 
   why are you doing this because whenever farmers have the slightest suspicion that someone might touch the cap , they demonstrate , block roads , airports , bury official buildings in manure ... french politicians are only interested in their public opinion image and being reelected , they could n't care less about the common good . 
  i already told you that i 'm neither the government nor voted for them . 
  you also do n't need to be insulting , that 's not very productive . 
  i never said that the cap was perfect , and , yes , i believe it is unfair that the newest countries are treated differently than the `` historic '' countries . 
  it also causes a lot of problems like overproduction and unfair competition with african farmers . 
  however france is the largest country of the eu , and it is also one of the countries with the highest ratio of agricultural land , so it 's only logical that we receive a lot of subsidies . 
  should the cap be reformed ? 
  probably , but since many other countries are doing it we probably need to keep it . 
  i 'd also like to know how you come to the conclusion that french farmers are not net contributors to the cap . 
  farmers do not contribute directly to the eu budget . 
  most big farmers get a lot of subsidies , but a very large number of small farmer get almost nothing . 
  i do n't agree either when you say they should n't be , the whole idea of the cap is to subsidize farmers . 
  i do n't know why you 're so obsessed with the cap , but get your facts straight before you go on a rant , france 's ** net ** contribution to the eu budget , in relative as well as absolute terms , is [ higher than sweden 's and the uk 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients ) ( by a lot ) , and pretty close to finland too . 
  what is the uk getting ? 
  a nice [ 3.6 billion ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union ) rebate , of which almost 1 billion is paid by france . 
  in terms of gdp per capita , sweden is richer than france , yet you pay less than half what we do . 
  try a little objectivity . 
  while i agree with you that time is the only real source of worth , i seem to get to the opposite conclusion : everyone should be paid the same for the same amount of time spent working . 
  1h making movies = 1h sweeping the floor . 
  i wo n't comment on the cap specifically , since i do n't know this subject well , but whenever you have a redistribution mechanism , some will receive more than others . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  maybe we get a lot for the cap , but eastern countries receive a lot more infrastructure subsidies . 
  nobody in the us complains that some state gets more agricultural subsidies than another , they think gobally . 
  maybe we should learn from that . 
  when you earn 1 million euros per year , where does this money come from ? 
  for a movie star , like the guy the pm was referring to here , france spends hundreds of million euros every year to promote and subsidize cinema , do you think you should keep all your money and not contribute back anything ? 
  if you own a company , you can be profitable because someone educated children to make them into workers , someone built roads so they could commute every day , someone built power lines so that your factory could work . 
  people need to stop being so self-centered . 
  and they do . 
  france contributes about 100 euro per citizen , and poland receives about 160 euro . 
  you seem to believe i 'm personally responsible for the policies of my government . 
  let me assure you it 's not the case , i was merely born here . 
  also since even my purely factual previous comment gets downvoted , presumably by some people who dislike my opinions , furthering that discussion would be pointless . 
  france is the second biggest net contributor to the eu budget after germany . 
  when you live in a society and use its schools , its hospitals , its roads , communications , energy , police , firefighters , etc etc , then you must pay your share of how much it costs to make all this work , and you should pay more if you have more . 
  if you do n't want to give any of your money , then do n't use any of the infrastructure . 
  you do n't actually have a choice , though , that 's what our constitution says . 
  here 's another myth : european officials enjoy complete life-long legal immunity for all acts done under their duties . 
  that 's very damaging to the idea that europe is democratic . 
  unfortunately , [ it 's true ] ( http://conventions.coe.int/treaty/en/treaties/html/002.htm ) . 
  where did you see that i blamed the state or the police ? 
  i used the word society . 
  you 're the one shifting the blame to one side only . 
  are you saying that they deserved to not be helped and die because they ran and were `` stupid '' when they saw the police ? 
  regarding your second point , the police did see the kids enter the site . 
  from the * d\u00e9lib\u00e9r\u00e9 * , a radio transmission from one of the cops :  * `` oui , donc les deux individus sont localis\u00e9s . 
  agreed , and that says something about our society that kids will rather risk death than talk to police when they did * nothing wrong * . 
  you ca n't simply dismiss it saying they had it coming . 
  when you 're a 15 year old kid , and the police knows you 're in that dangerous place , and does nothing , they do n't have any blame to take ? 
  i can understand refusing to count illegal activities , but prostitution is not illegal ( yet ) in france , prostitutes pay taxes , so it should definitely be counted . 
  arbitrary moral decisions like this have no place in an official institution like insee . 
  i ca n't help but think there is a technological response to this kind of destruction of material . 
  set up a server in a `` safe '' country ( i.e. 
  somewhere with data protection laws ) and upload your data daily using a secure encrypted protocol and a secure software ( tails or similar ) . 
  in case you are arrested you lose one day of data at most . 
  you can also give the illusion that all is destroyed , while safe copies are kept elsewhere . 
  of course you need access to fast internet for this , but i think it is available for tourists in qatar . 
  i do n't think rape is something military people are expected to do in the exercise of their duty . 
  therefore it should not be covered by military law but by civil law . 
  so much better when you can simply make voicing dissenting opinions illegal , is n't it . 
  there is a 7-day window after an hiv infection where the virus is undetectable . 
  that normally translates to an infection of the blood receiver in 2 to 3 million cases . 
  gay men have statistically about 100 times more chance to get infected than the rest of the population , so a 100 times higher chance to give blood while in that 7-day window . 
  i highly doubt that 100 $ quote . 
  maybe the manufacturing cost of the module is that much , but it is probably higher if it must be able to operate autonomously , with a gps/galileo ( lol ) receiver , a gsm modem , possibly an integrated battery too , that 's a lot of stuff . 
  installation in a car is not free either . 
  then you must take into account the construction and operation costs of the infrastructure to make all this work . 
  this system will be * many * times more expensive than stated over the life if a car . 
  your crime is to exist , and for that you deserve death . 
  i know it 's just a dog but there 's something profoundly inhuman about that notion ... 
  this seems like a common pattern actually . 
  most countries pass a law preventing spying on their own citizens to please opinion , then they make agreements with other countries to spy on each other and exchange information . 
  you may have heard about the intelligence law being currently in discussion in the parliament . 
  this is a far reaching law which will impose blackboxes to spy on everyone directly at the isp level , and will allow spying for the purpose of securing economic and scientific interests of france , defending foreign affairs interests , stop attempts to change the `` republican form '' of the institutions , and so on . 
  without ever defining precisely what those terms are . 
  it is truly horrendous , arguably as bad or worse than the us patriot act . 
  so our government does not complain because what germany is doing is exactly what they 're trying to have passed into law right now . 
  cue absolutely no reaction at all from the french government . 
  meanwhile in france , merely talking about drugs in a favourable light is [ illegal ] ( http://www.drogues.gouv.fr/site-professionnel/cadre-legal/cadre-legal/ ) . 
  this article could theoretically , if written by a french , land him/her in jail for 5 years with a 75k $ fine . 
  * dejected sigh *, 
  what do you think of a french law that makes it illegal to wear conspicuous religious signs or clothes like hijab in public schools ? 
  let 's make fast lanes for the rich and slow lanes for the poor ... are you fucking serious ? 
  of course , but to publicly hint that such a plan is in preparation , not since long but right now , it is a political move . 
  500 million people can not welcome a few 100 thousand immigrants ? 
  1/1000 is the cause of all our troubles ? 
  how much lower are we going to sink ? 
  it must be great to have regulators who do n't crawl in front of what they 're supposed to regulate . 
  meanwhile in the eu deutsche bank got a 250 million $ fine and ubs was granted immunity for being such an upstanding citizen . 
  acts are everything from threats to shootings . 
  there is no full list of these acts , such information is not public in france due to legal reasons . 
  edit : i found [ this map ] ( http://www.islamophobie.net/la-carte-de-france-des-actes-islamophobes ) , but it is declarative , so there will be a discrepancy with the police reported numbers . 
  http://www.lecfcm.fr/?page_id=3523 128 acts against muslims from 7th january to 20th january .
