  the worst possible choice . 
  this guy is the symbol of all that is wrong with europe . 
  he led the eurogroup during the entire financial crisis and its disastrous handling in greece and malta and pushing for austerity measures in greece , spain , italy , and many place else with the great results that we know . 
  as prime minister of luxembourg he also contributed to make this country one of the worst european tax havens while chastising other countries for their lack of rigor . 
  i 'm disgusted although not surprised by this decision . 
  does that seem like a plausible scenario to you considering the recent european election results ? 
  no , but they could have eaten their own produce and avoided famine in a large part . 
  i do n't think france has done any `` profiteering '' from the euro , our economy is in the gutter and we have heavily deindustrialized the country in the past 20 years . 
  you can thank the imf as well for forcing those countries to convert their small and diverse family agriculture to country-wide monocultures in exchange for development aid . 
  they ended up not being able to compete with eu subsidies and they lost their food autonomy in the process . 
   these problems can be solved with a federal european fiscal policy . 
  world hunger can be solved by inventing magic food creating machines . 
  this is about the same level of likelihood than current eu governments ( aka germany ) agreeing on a federal eu budget . 
  the euro is a currency designed to benefit the german economy . 
  seeing how this is fucking over most other eurozone countries the uk has no reason to join . 
  thanks for the interesting ethnological point of view . 
  i agree with the general sentiment of a necessary gentle attitude of the dominant culture over the minority one . 
  however in this case we 're facing a practice that is intolerable to us . 
  we ca n't just explain why it is a bad one , and work towards a reduction in the practice . 
  sacrificing little girls today for a potentially better future is not something that is acceptable . 
  so how do we deal with it ? 
  i think coercion is necessary . 
  still explain , but force them to comply . 
  i know this is very much cultural relativism , but in this case i think `` we '' are right . 
  it 's not really subsidized , the only thing is that the employer pays 50 % of it and he does not have to pay the contributions for unemployment , retirement and so on . 
  which means that it will not count towards your benefits as regular salary does . 
  so overall it is less advantageous than simply having a pay raise of the same amount than the lunch money and paying directly . 
  the french scheme pays .25 $ per km , with an average of 3.5 km per trip , twice a day , 230 days per year , over 5 years it will add up to 2012.5 $ . 
  so pretty similar . 
  it should be a requirement in any eu country . 
  we ( france ) badly need one of these . 
  it is dangerous to call `` populist '' any party that stands outside of the usual bipartisan boxes , and to imply that far right and far left ( the only actual left in my opinion ) are the same . 
  see what happens . 
  part of the problem might be calling left-wing the socialist party which is implementing a clearly social-liberal policy . 
  voters think that after trying the right , then the `` left '' , all is left if extremist parties . 
  * some * people still go out and vote so it 's not the worse it could be . 
  if hollande & co persist in their deafness and continue on as if nothing has happened times are going to get really dark . 
  that 's why i believe that this is mainly a protest vote , there are not 25 % of fascists in france . 
  also insulting a whole country from your high horse makes me want to punch you in the face , i do n't conclude that all italians are cunts just because you are one . 
  this has been brewing up for years . 
  the political debate has gotten worse and worse in the last few years with everything revolving around islam , immigration , blaming europe all the time . 
  all of the national tv channels in france refused to broadcast the debate between the candidates to the presidency , is this normal ? 
  this is also what happens when the government gets elected on lies and then ignore all the protests . 
  at some point the people decides to say `` fuck you too '' by the only means at their disposal . 
  in this regard the declaration a few days ago that policies would not change no matter what the election results are was a critical mistake . 
  well i ca n't speak for other countries but the french socialist party calls itself social-democrat , although they seem closer to social-liberals to me . 
  any proximity with putin would be purely based on economic interests . 
  that argument , really ? 
  do n't you think there is room for something between the european socialist parties and stalin ? 
   do minors really need to drink coffee ? 
  does anyone ? 
  are you suggesting everything that is not necessary should be banned ? 
  adopted asian children do not turn white because their parents are european . 
  sexual orientation is not a matter of choice or education despite what a lot of people seem to inexplicably believe . 
  there * are * studies showing that adopted children of gay couples develop the same sexuality patterns as children adopted by heterosexual couples . 
  i wo n't post any links since i found them by a quick google search and you can do just the same if you 're interested . 
  that 's incredibly elitist . 
  especially in this subreddit you 'd be hard-pressed to tell the difference between native and non-native speakers/readers ( at least some of them ) . 
  what subtleties of the english language are you using that you think only a native speaker could understand ? 
  to some people `` the markets '' seem to be some kind of all-powerful god . 
  unbelievable . 
  `` the markets '' would sell your body for parts if they could . 
  edit : sorry i fell for the troll though . 
  i 'll avoid your posts in the future . 
   the corner of a table i see . 
  although i would have been surprised by less than the criminal levels of incompetence we 're accustomed to . 
  about the maastricht criteria , i 'd like to know where those 3 % and 60 % figures com from . 
  i hope we 're not wrecking economies left and right because someone thought that would be a nice round number . 
  this musty be the civil war putin has been warning about . 
  it worked for the economy , but it lowered the average wages and caused more poverty in germany . 
  economy should not be the justification of everything . 
  hollande has just vowed to do just that ... give even more to businesses and lower social protection . 
  he did n't get a single clue of the municipal elections debacle of last week . 
  it 's depressing . 
   can the current politicians be that bad ? 
  yes . 
  they have basically betrayed all the promises they made their electors in the past 30 years , and levels of corruption and impunity have never been so high . 
  people are looking to change all that , unfortunately they are not looking in the right direction . 
  to correct one detail , vladimir zhirinovsky is vice-chairman of the duma , not chairman . 
  the organisation is there because there is a piece of paper that says it should . 
  all our structure as a society is based on the idea that rules written on a piece of paper have value . 
  nat article 5 merely says that the parties should take `` such action as it deems necessary '' , in other words they are not obliged to do anything at all . 
  not really , there was speculation after the events in georgia/ossetia that crimea was next , with prior distribution of russian passports , etc. 
  a treaty is an international agreement . 
  an alliance is a treaty . 
  there is no difference . 
  ukraine too had an agreement with the us and uk , giving up nuclear weapons inherited from the ussr in exchange for protection . 
  guess what , now the time has come to apply this agreement then nobody is coming . 
  the north atlantic treaty is still untested and it might well remain similarly ineffective . 
  i 'd say it is likely . 
  it 's great to hear many stories like this from romania , the justice system there seems to be working . 
  here in france it surfaced a few days ago that the former president sarkozy was secretly informed by a magistrate of the court of cassation ( highest jurisdiction in france ) of the state of ongoing investigations in which he was involved in exchange for a sinecure in monaco . 
  i 'm quite sure nothing will come out of it or at the very best a modest suspended sentence , as it is always the case . 
  i still do n't agree with you when you say the loans stemmed the wound ; by imposing at the same time dogmatic austerity measures they worsened the situation . 
  the debt is actually higher now than it was before . 
  the eu is failing because it was built to be a market first and a political entity second . 
  we lack a common legal framework , a common budget and common goals , a common defense , etc. 
  i perfectly understand how people can reject the eu when they feel that everybody does not play by the same rules . 
  how do i fix it ? 
  i 'm not sure .
