  surely violating our own laws will help reducing our problems . 
  jos\u00e9 bov\u00e9 voted against . 
  oh how this man has changed . 
  10 years ago our country opposed the use of our airspace for the cia 's `` extraordinary rendition '' flights , today i bet hollande would open wide our airspace to these planes destination torture . 
  i just feel ashamed :-(, 
  this freak out over spying all seems a bit strange to me , i mean , * of course * the us have been spying everyone , and yes , even their so called `` allies '' . 
  it 's not a big secret . 
  and we 've been doing the same , maybe not at the same scale but within our capabilities . 
  germany , france , italy , the uk also have spy satellites , including radiocommunications interception satellites , i wonder what these are used for ? 
  well then i guess the next time we decide to go play war in one of our former colonies we wo n't have to rent any us planes . 
   see that unemployment causing unhappiness in athens because no one has any money ? 
  force the banks/greek gov to toss the some . 
  and then some more . 
  yep , directly , through welfare or unconditionnal income . 
  because it 'll only come back in the economy in the straightest way ( through the bills and living cost ) , avoid mass poverty , and reassure a lot of people . 
  so it seems like you 're actually agreeing with my first comment that you quoted , but dismissed ; the government needs to take back monetary control . 
  money is like blood , it should circulate . 
  injecting new blood is good , and to be complete there should also be a means to desincentivize amassing money without doing anything out of it , like inflation . 
  the cjeu only applied the law here . 
  if the law is stupid , the ruling is going to be too . 
  i was not sarcastic , i do n't know why you bring that up . 
  when you are a small country in the greater european framework , and you ca n't or do n't want to change it or get out of it then yes , there is nothing much else you can do . 
  however there are other options available to sovereign countries , in particular monetary control . 
  the government could inject in the economy the money that it needs . 
  maybe take control of the worst offending banks and use them to fund the industry as they should . 
  sometimes the situation is so bad that it 's worth reevaluating common dogma which may be true in general but not in this unusual situation . 
  is the european framework helping more than hurting ? 
  is a government always incapable of regulating the money supply without creating inflation ? 
  is it worth impoverishing a majority of the population to bail out a minority of stakeholders ? 
  remember that cyprus deal ? 
  first they wanted to take a percentage of all deposits , but there was so much outrage that after negotiations they decided to tax only accounts  100k $ . 
  now they 're applying a similar measure to europe as a whole . 
  the people who thought cyprus was an experiment may well have been right . 
  the socialist party has n't been left wing since approximately 1983 . 
  when a crime is committed the prosecution is done by the state in the interest of society . 
  it does not matter if the victim denies the crime since she 's actually not a party in the criminal trial . 
  the investigation probably found sufficient proof not to need her testimony . 
  that 's how it works in several countries including italy and france . 
  it 's illegal to hit anyone , i do n't know why children would be exempt from the protection of the law . 
  the letter was found in lagarde 's home , it may be a draft but she may also never have sent it . 
  steam has already `` digitally divided '' europe with its 3-tier pricing system and measures in place to prevent people from one country to buy using the store from another country ( which i 'm pretty sure is illegal , common market and all ) . 
  people are up in arms about this now and it 's good , but it 's our own fault for letting such restrictions creep in without reacting sooner . 
  this is an admirable goal , however our systems of government are too corrupt , too well controlled by lobbies for this to be possible . 
  we need something truly revolutionary to happen before the people can take control back . 
  but is n't it a bit hypocrite to call this `` unemployment benefits '' when in fact it is payment for the job they `` order '' you to do ? 
  in france it 's a bit different since unemployment benefits are insurance , you pay a contribution while you 're working , which gives you a right to benefits if you lose your job . 
  having a job and being useful to society are not the same thing . 
  he 's already increased income tax ( 10 billion ) , vat ( 7.5 billion ) , corporate tax ( 12 billion ) , and reduced spending by about 10 billion . 
  see the `` projet de loi de finances pour 2013 '' for details . 
  and this is only for the budget of the state , another 10 billion in taxes are in preparation to fund social protection ; retirement pensions are being frozen , the ceiling for child benefits is lowered , ... it goes on and on ... 
  i got that directly from the article you linked :  la solution \u00e0 la crise c'est le s\u00e9rieux budg\u00e9taire , pas l'aust\u00e9rit\u00e9  `` en 2014 , les d\u00e9penses publiques de l'\u00c9tat seront inf\u00e9rieures \u00e0 celles de 2013 '' , promet fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  yeah , the gap between his declarations and his actions is quite wide indeed . 
  let 's fight austerity by increasing taxes and reducing public spending ... yeah ... 
  ayrault and hollande are pushing austerity with full force , even if they do n't want to use the word . 
  dissident ministers are few , maybe montebourg , hamon and duflot , but they end up getting publicly admonished , and in the end are ignored . 
  do n't let this bother the european leaders currently implementing austerity throughout europe ( including france ) . 
  go forward !, 
  well it 's not done yet , and we still do n't know what it will be replaced with , because it will be . 
  to be perfectly honest , only 3 people have been prosecuted as a result of this law , and no one had his internet connection cut as a result . 
  but , ideas * are * worth fighting for , are they not ? 
  before they became reality , things such as freedom , democracy , equality were just concepts , ideas . 
  enlightenment philosophers in the 17th and 18th century such as voltaire or spinoza worked on and helped spread these ideas . 
  did they waste their time ? 
   arbitration courts are a good thing . 
  there is nothing more antidemocratic than private justice , and recourse to confidentiality . 
  the law is the expression of the will of the people and should be upheld under the people 's scrutiny . 
   that saves money for all . 
  i 'd like some proof of that claim . 
  i can cite at least one particular arbitration that costed us 405m $ over here , not a good deal by most estimates . 
   what 's special about gm appropriation of the elements of life by private entities , unpredictable interaction with native flora/fauna once the genes start circulating in the wild , broken promises of higher yields and pest resistance , no long term studies and most existing studies have been funded and led by the producing companies . 
  there are many reasons to treat gmos with care . 
  3.5 \u00b0 c last friday in paris . 
  i think the all time record was broken : - /, 
  for the record , these people do not represent france , nor the majority of french people . 
  wo n't happen . 
  many people will have married before then , and they could n't be `` unmarried '' . 
  furthermore , i 'm not sure the constitutional council would allow to pass a law removing rights to a certain part only of the population . 
  30 $ for 20mbps/1mbps adsl . 
  this also includes tv and phone service . 
  a few places have fiber , with rates around 100/50mbps , lots of rural places have shitty adsl . 
  possible explanations for this : 1 . 
  we had too good adsl for a while , one of the best in eu , so we rested on our laurels and now we 're late to deploy fiber . 
  the 4 isp aligned all their prices with each other , removing all need for competition and as a result the technology has stagnated for many years . 
  `` her own pocket '' benefited greatly from this considering the high pay and numerous benefits our mps enjoy , and this crookery led to her reelection . 
   hopefully this is the start of a long chain of mps getting jailed for being crooks . 
  fully agree , as well as ministers , mayors , and former presidents of the republic . 
  the list is very long . 
  i feel that the sentiment that `` enough is enough '' is spreading . 
   this is a standard practice among both biotech companies and specialized crop breeders . 
  if farmers want the benefits of gm seed , they have to sign a contract the fact that it is widespread does not make it ethical , and many , if not the majority of indian farmers are illiterate . 
  i wo n't comment on the articles you posted , but organisations funded by the agroindustry and which have `` supporting biotechnology in agriculture '' as their motto do not make the most objective sources . 
  there are a lot of things to say . 
  one of the worst offenses in my view is a campaign they led in india to give gmo seeds to farmers with the promise of best crops . 
  in reality the crops were not better , and the gmo were designed to work with roundup herbicide which is very expensive for poor indian farmers . 
  the truly criminal part is that they included a sterility gene in the seeds , which meant that the farmers could not replant part of the seeds gathered from the crop for the next year like they used to do with natural plants . 
  farmers had to pay for more seeds or have no food nor income . 
  several deaths in india could be linked directly to this as the result of malnourishment and also desperation suicides of farmers rendered unable to support their families . 
  corporations using tax havens to pay less taxes ? 
  how is this even news ? 
  this projection works this way : imagine that the map is rolled in a cylinder around the earth with the same diameter and same axis .
