  our beloved and great ruler hollande , imbued with the holy universal suffrage , has spoken . 
  thus it must be done . 
  ok , maybe they are over-represented . 
  my point is that if we truly think they should integrate , then we have our part to play too . 
  deporting them from one country to the next solves nothing . 
  i 'm not familiar with the situation in the uk , so i looked a few figures up . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  the met covers the `` greater london '' area , which comprises about 8,100,000 people . 
  during the last 12 month , 728,000 crimes were registered by the met ( i found this on their website ) . 
  that 's about 90 crimes per 1000 persons . 
  during the same period , according to your post , approximately and assuming that one arrest = one crime , and that there are no variations the crime rate by romanians was about 28000/5/68000 = 82 crimes per 1000 persons . 
  it 's always interesting to put things into perspective . 
  edit : i got this wrong , i missed that 68000 was the population for all the uk and not the met area only . 
  the romanian population in the met area is 44,848 , which brings the crime rate to 125/1000 . 
  also romanian is not the same thing as roma at all so this debate is probably pointless . 
  i think we should stop putting all the blame on them . 
  many people from these communities actually try to integrate , they send their children to school and try to work despite their generally low education level . 
  it is not fair to punish them collectively when there are crimes committed by some members only . 
  it is only natural that they would isolate themselves when we treat them this way . 
  secondly , we should obey our own laws . 
  for example in france there is a law which says that every town with more than 5000 inhabitants must provide a terrain where nomad communities can settle for a while . 
  very few cities actually have this terrain , so they often settle in places with no water , no sanitation which causes a lot of problems . 
  according to another law whenever children go to school the priority must be to allow the scholarship to continue . 
  we are very quick to say they only send their children to school a few days a week and ignore this law . 
  yet another law which is not enforced is that all expelled persons must be provided with a new place to live , but in practice what happens is that groups of 100 + people are offered 3 hotel rooms for 1 or 2 nights . 
  we have no problem applying the laws we like , but somehow we never feel the need to apply the law which would help with their integration . 
  lastly , i think we should stop talking about them like a huge problem . 
  in france for example they are only 17000 according to the official census . 
  hardly enough to imperil civilization . 
  it 's not like they arrived overnight either , but the media decided it was the new public enemy # 1 . 
  one can be against gay marriage for a variety of reasons , but among the duties of a mayor is the obligation to apply and enforce the laws of the republic on his territory . 
  do n't be a mayor if you do n't want to apply the law . 
  fingerprints are a pretty bad form of identification . 
  you ca n't change them easily , and you leave them practically everywhere you go . 
  it is extremely easy to lift one and reuse it , with very simple and commonly available materials . 
  they can also change when you * do n't * want to , for example after an injury . 
  the fn has existed for 40 years , but it has never been in power ( except in a few large cities ) . 
  during this time it has always managed to appeal to an unhappy fringe of the population . 
  loss of the algerian war ? 
  cater to the former colons who came back to france , explain how france 's problems are due to immigration . 
  economic woes under the socialist government of the 80 's ? 
  praise economic liberalism and put the blame on `` welfare queens '' profiteering from other 's honest work . 
  economic crisis ? 
  explain how europe causes all our problems . 
  however they are not the only ones to say what they say , in fact the `` mainstream '' parties have consistently reused the same rhetoric a few years later . 
  the fn is quite often a place where new ideas are tested . 
  the failure of our political system is such that the sum of all those unhappy fringes now become a majority . 
  the socialist party currently in power has a huge responsibility in this because it betrayed basically all the hopes people had put in it . 
  the fn is always on the news when it comes to those unsatisfactions , but they never explain their political program in detail . 
  in reality marine le pen ( the head of the fn party ) is france 's sarah palin or michele bachmann . 
  to those who put their hopes in them : be prepared to be severely disappointed . 
  i am personally worried by the way xenophobic discourse and scapegoating have become prevalent in the last 6 months . 
  looking back in modern european history the situation is strikingly similar to 1930 's germany . 
  history never repeats itself but it would be a grave error to learn no lesson from it . 
  you 're right , tobacco is much more [ addictive ] ( http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v07/n366/a01.html ) and [ harmful ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:rational_scale_to_assess_the_harm_of_drugs_ ( mean_physical_harm_and_mean_dependence \\ ) . svg ) . 
  it also causes tens of thousands of deaths each year . 
  the poverty threshold in france is around 950 $ / month . 
  it should be our duty as a society to provide everyone with at least that . 
  especially when unemployment is so high it is inevitable that some people will have only the basic income to live , and by giving them only half what we consider the minimum to live we 're knowingly letting those people live in poverty . 
  we suck . 
   greece ... continues to suffer severe strain to its democracy : high unemployment , corruption , social unrest , the rise of extremism and a deep public malaise says the european parliament report ... of source the austerity measures imposed by the eu have nothing to do with it . 
  everyone knows the eu is the parangon of democracy . 
  it 's all naughty greece 's fault again . 
  he 's the former vice chairman of goldman sachs . . of course he 'll print as much money for the banks as they want . 
  you 're a caricature . 
  your post gave me a good laugh , if that 's a consolation . 
  the article says for `` direct or indirect profit . '', 
  it is very vague , putting links on a page with ads would clearly infringe , but what about the 10 $ you save by copying instead of buying a cd for example ? 
  this leaves too much for interpretation . 
  trying to bundle people together based on their ethnicity sounds just like racism to me . 
  looks like taxe increases and reduced public spending are not that good for the economy . 
  compound this with the fact that only registered seeds are now allowed to be sold in europe . 
  registration costs money and can only be afforded by big companies , and to add insult to injury public domain seeds that no one owns are not listed . 
  there are even plans to ban * growing * any non-registered seeds . 
  the state of agrobusiness/agroip in europe is quite `` interesting '' . 
  this title is factually inaccurate , the `` offense to the head of state '' no longer exists , however insulting him/her is still illegal , as it is anyone in france . 
  debt is good . 
  thanks . 
  i had n't . 
  i 'm looking it up right now , seems very good and true to the original . 
  i indeed am , human . 
  we do n't even get french companies like total and danone to pay a non-ridiculous amount of taxes ... 
  i think our government is n't trying very hard . 
  haha . 
  i think we passed a law after its construction to make sure never to make the same mistake again , 
  he was quite popular in france though , and you can find several examples of his `` vertical city '' concept throughout the country . 
  the palestinian 's history is just as long . 
  i find pretty ironic ( read : disgusting ) that the leaders of these banks who helped steal billions walk free while this guy and some others like pierre condamin-gerbier are imprisoned or threatened to be . 
  well i do n't really know what 's going on with dab to be honest , all i know is that the regulation authority is giving broadcast permits right now , and it took around 6 years between the launch of digital tv and the end of analog broadcasts , so i 'm assuming a similar timeframe . 
  lw bounces off the ionosphere as well , so it is among the few frequencies that can be received at great distances and not in line of sight of the transmitter . 
  i think france has sufficiently many overseas territories so that the government will think it is important . 
  at home i listen to streams rather than fm stations because the quality is much better . 
  when in cars i 'd say a majority of people will listen to fm radios . 
  i occasionally listen to the following radios : * france inter * france info * france culture * france musique * ici & maintenant * radio bonheur i 'm not sure but i think fm stations in france will be shut down in the near future . 
  public lw stations will keep emitting longer though . 
  lw is the only long range media for which one can build a receiver with only a few basic electronics components , and no battery . 
  i hope public information stations keep on broadcasting for a long time . 
  haha , you think they are capable of experiencing shame . 
  as we say in france , hollande is more royalist than the king . 
  they have no pride for themselves or those they represent and will bend over backwards on their own before anyone asks .
