  considering the current situation in france you can bet at least that much since then . 
  yeah but without throwing that strawman in the first paragraph this article would be less convincing . 
  painting your target as a nazi sympathizers is an always effective tactic . 
   mosques are defaced . 
  synagogues are protected by soldiers . 
  * that * 's what the majority of muslims actually complain about . 
  any group attacking the jews is swiftly and severely punished , and rightly so . 
  but groups like the `` ligue de d\u00e9fense juive '' , which is considered a terrorist group in the usa , can commit violent acts against muslims without repercussions . 
  after the charlie hebdo shooting hundreds of muslims were attacked , culpable by association . 
  they deserve the same protection as anyone else . 
  the current prime minister manuel valls pledged allegiance to the jewish community , publicly , wearing a kippa and all , at the time he was interior minister . 
  french laicity is applied differently to muslims and jews , that is a fact , and that is injust . 
  that 's interesting that france would be one of the signatories knowing that in 2010 the justice minister mich\u00e8le alliot-marie wrote a memo to all prosecutors ordering them to systematically prosecute anyone calling for the boycott of israeli products on the basis of `` incitement to racial discrimination '' . 
  as far as i know this order is still valid today and people are arrested once in a while on that basis . 
  people think it 's funny to ridicule rms despite everything he did for the open source community . 
  but when you look at for example android vs. debian , the difference * is * meaningful , linux without the unix tools and without the standard system structure is not really `` linux '' . 
  not to mention that a large part of google 's magic is the amount of info they have collected about everyone , the algorithm alone is only part of the puzzle . 
  google has offices in paris , so they are subject to french jurisdiction . 
  were such a law to be voted ( there is no such law , the article seems in large part made up ) then google would have to comply with it like any entity present on french soil . 
  this article seems to take its source from [ this financial times article ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/643f49ec-e285-11e4-aa1d-00144feab7de.html ) claiming that the french senate is set to adopt a law this week forcing google to publish their algorithm . 
  to the best of my knowledge there is no such law being currently examined by the senate or national assembly . 
  this article is based on incorrect information . 
  this article is incorrect , they only stopped with google news spain , not search . 
  and after that spanish newspapers have n't actually experienced the dramatic change in traffic people predicted . 
  it 's just the same as before ( edit : actually [ -2 % to -12 % ] ( http://www.thesempost.com/aede-spains-assoc-newspaper-editors-claims-12-drop-traffic-closure-google-news/ ) ) . 
  belgium has much lower taxes for rich individuals than france . 
  what makes you so sure it ca n't happen ? 
  your sentence is a logical contradiction . 
  oh wow i believed in this one . 
  silly me thinking our dear leaders would do anything to defend the interest of the individuals over the power of money . 
  i was replying to neurostat who brought up the subject of consensual sex with pets , and i explained why such concept does not make sense . 
  i did n't say or know if such a thing would be needed . 
  `` consensual '' means with ( mutual ) consent . 
  i guess one could argue that the psychological harm is significant in this case . 
  if there is no harm done , physical nor psychological , then there is no reason to ban the practice . 
  the problem is , like a child , an animal can not generally give his consent . 
  no , abuse does not mean murder . 
  in france similarly there are no specific laws against bestiality ( we tend to avoid laws purely based on moral judgments ) , but it falls , and has been prosecuted , under the definition of animal abuse . 
  i do n't believe that being competitive is an end to itself . 
  if the result is lower wages , then it is a loss for the average citizen , whatever say the current economic dogma and the german government . 
  at least in some countries the employment office cuts your benefits it you refuse more than a certain amount of job offers . 
  i fear that , for example a french person looking for a job might get its benefit cut if he refuses a job in poland for half the french minimum wage . 
  i see two problems with this : * people from low-wage countries taking jobs in higher-wage countries , thereby lowering the average wage of said countries with potentially bad consequences for the overall workforce . 
  * employment offices imposing jobs in other european countries to the jobless with potentially low wages or the need to move . 
  and in france a candidate for presidency needs 500 `` sponsorships '' from already elected officials to be allowed to participate in the elections , officially to prevent abuse . 
  you 're not the only ones to have barriers to entry . 
  i do n't see how this idea of a non-apartheid state would work . 
  it would only make it easier for israel to park and spoliate the palestinians . 
  what the europeans back , and what their governments back are two entirely separate things . 
  being a rural/manufacturing area does n't necessarily determine the vote . 
  i 'd say that generally industrial areas that are declining vote left because they turn to the state for help , while areas that do well vote to the right to protect their personal interests . 
  i think you also get a striking and interesting result if you correlate the [ age groups map ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/assets/flash/cevipof/carte-presidentielle-cevipof-1.jpg ) with the [ vote results map ] ( http://www.trop-libre.fr/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/vote-rural.jpg ) . 
  why are the leftmost candidates automatically dismissed without argument ? 
  to me m\u00e9lenchon seemed like the objectively best candidate for the last elections ... 
  not really , far right political tendencies are an [ old french tradition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_%28france%29 ) . 
  from a purely practical point of view having a single common language , and a simple and easily extensible one like english is a very good idea . 
  however this is not all there is to it . 
  whenever you start using a language in schools , it becomes dominant . 
  that 's what we did in france with our local dialects . 
  they remained strong until one day the government made french the mandatory language in schools . 
  most dialects basically died within one generation . 
  language is not only a means to transfer information , but also carries a whole lot of cultural references and history of the people which speaks it . 
  it probably is because i 'm french , but i believe that the language is what defines a people , not the nationality . 
  movies , books , songs , poems , plays , etc. 
  all need a specific language to be expressed and understood , and if you translate them you have will always lose something however talented the translator is . 
  thats the main danger i think , and why many people including me do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  nothing new about this . 
  this has been an argument against the euro from the start , the most developed economies would crush the less developed ones in an open market . 
  and indeed they did to an extent , the commercial balance of most countries have worsened , while the strongest economy of the zone , germany , has improved . 
  it 's easy for germany now to tell the others that they should make efforts to reach their level , ignoring the mathematical fact that the sum of all commercial balances is zero , and that most exchanges of goods are made inside the eurozone . 
  there are certainly a lot of people with interests in the matter , banks come to mind . 
  in any case the reforms should be a means , not an end . 
  if it stifles growth it 's counter-productive . 
  the ** dogma ** of austerity put forth by the imf and germany is going to kill these countries . 
  look what 's going on in greece : between 2011 and 2012 under pressure of the troika they lowered their budget by a huge amount , as a result the gdp has tanked , and the debt is still rising . 
  they still ca n't repay it , and a new 2-year respite has just been granted by the eu . 
  in two years they will have not less debt but more , who can believe they can repay it then ? 
  some people just refuse to accept the fact that austerity creates poverty and that you ca n't sacrifice a whole population to pay the interests of the debt to your rich neighbors . 
  neighbors who are rich because they could dump they products in the eu market . 
  they are right to fight . 
  right . 
  and they should stay home as well , so as not to inconvenience the other more orderly citizens . 
  i believe the parliament gets to vote on all treaties . 
  i have high hope that the parliament will follow suit of its decision on acta and reject this treaty favoring almost exclusively the interests of the north-american content industry . 
  you 're right , that 's why there should be a strong public effort towards education . 
  educated people are more likely to think by themselves rationally , and less likely to be manipulated . 
  an educated people is also less easy to rule ... 
  i believe all religions should die . 
  they have been - and today maybe more than ever - causing an amazing amount of damage to the world . 
  nothing against islam specifically . 
  there are [ a lot of studies ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=impact+immigration+sur+l'\u00e9conomie ) available online . 
  nothing insane about that . 
  studies have shown that the net impact of immigrants on economy is neutral to positive , so bringing in more immigrants makes sense . 
  the reason the right wing is opposing immigration so strongly is purely ideological . 
  i think it 's more complicated than that . 
  you ca n't alter the variables independently . 
  raising tax levels reduces competitiveness , which in turn lowers gdp , which ultimately reduces tax revenue . 
  also some people could argue that balancing the budget is not a worthy goal in itself . 
  debt can be controlled by other means , like economic growth , inflation , devaluation , etc. 
  like you said , tax level is only one of the factors to competitiveness .
