  aurelie filippetti despite being one of the mps most opposed to the hadopi , changed her mind overnight as she became minister of culture and she even appointed pierre lescure , ex ceo of canal + tv channel , as head of the newest and greatest commission in charge of defining the future of culture in france . 
  do you know who else worked at canal + ? 
  denis olivennes , the guy who came up with hadopi ... 
  he even got a nice 3.2 m $ layoff check thanks to a retroactive amendment his good friend pierre lescure added to his work contract , just before canal + was bought by vivendi . 
  collusion , favors between friends , all the decisions in french politics are made among a small group of corrupt people . 
  i do n't have very high hopes for improvement . 
  greece has already defaulted on [ more than 50 % ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21550271 ) of its debt . 
  the `` lenders '' wo n't ever see their money but it wo n't prevent them from running what 's left of the economy to the ground , and the greek people with it . 
  representative democracy is aristocracy , pretty much . 
  either way many people are going to be fucked . 
  democracy is the tyranny of the majority . 
  considering the issues germany has had with gazprom in the past it seems a little strange they would let them increase their foothold in europe . 
  they do n't really have that much money at stake , it 's just electoralist acting . 
  greece is unlikely to ever be able to pay , anyway . 
  it is not clear at all what the deal actually is , the majority of orange 's 230 million clients are outside of france , they may have obtained an arrangement thanks to the dominant position of the group in some countries in africa and eastern europe . 
  i hope legislation will quickly be written on an european level for this issue , because a world where each website operator must make deals with the isps to have their content more or less well taken care of is not a world i want to live in . 
  the french constitutional council has already decided that access to the internet has constitutional protection , so there is hope . 
  the housing situation in france , especially paris is ridiculous , and our successive governments just ca n't stop pumping more money into the bubble . 
  they also conveniently forget this fact when comparing labor cost to other countries , like germany , where housing can be 3 or 4 times cheaper ... 
  as europe 's economic power fades , if we want to stay on top we will need other means to secure the resources we need : metals , oil and uranium . 
  the demand from china for these same resources increases daily , and they wo n't do us any favours . 
  it is a sad fact of the world that only force gets you respect . 
  we ca n't count on the good will of others for long-term survival . 
  it talks about children , but not necessarily about reproduction . 
  at the time this code was written , and for a very long time after , all children born inside marriage were considered legitimate . 
  that was a way to deal with adultery . 
  adopted children also enjoy the same status . 
  children born outside however marriage suffered from reduced rights . 
  now that has changed , and children have the same rights whatever their parent 's marital status is , so marriage is not a necessity for them . 
  i believe it is one of the reasons for this law . 
  what 's interesting about this is that our civil code does not actually say that marriage is between a man and a woman . 
  it merely uses the term `` spouses '' ( \u00e9poux ) . 
  the proposed law does not change this , but only alters other parts of the code where is made the assumption that the married are a man and a woman . 
  i think that trying to apply the same principles to manage a family budget and a country budget is stupid , yes , because the rules are not the same . 
  hollande 's `` war against the rich '' is a purely phantasmatic construction of some media . 
  the only anti-rich measure , the famous 75 % tax , was rejected by the constitutional council . 
  he did not `` hit the businesses '' either . 
  there was a proposal to raise business taxes , but they only had to raise their voice a little for hollande to bend to their demands and shelve the idea . 
  lastly the imf has just published [ a study ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-01-04/imf-officials-we-were-wrong-about-austerity.html ) that shows that the economic models used to justify austerity underestimated its economic impact by a factor of 3 . 
  so i 'm not sure that 's a good idea . 
   the social security system is in deficit i never quite bought the rhetoric we hear constantly about this deficit . 
  of course there 's a deficit , it costs money to treat and take care of sick people . 
  we never hear about the deficit of the police , or the deficit of schools . 
  all these services cost money and we pay taxes to cover it globally ( or should ) . 
  i do n't know much about common law , but under french law there is the concept of implicit , non-verbal contracts , usually buying in shops falls under this idea . 
  a sale is considered final when there is agreement on the `` thing '' , and on the `` price '' . 
  the price is displayed besides the item ( it is a legal requirement , with a few exceptions for jewelry and such ) , so only the `` thing '' must be determined , and since the seller can not refuse to sell , only the buyer can settle the sale . 
  it is a bit controversial as to when exactly this happens , usually somewhere near the cash register , and certainly before the shop 's door , 
  it 's slightly more complicated than that . 
  sellers are obliged to accept money only if you can provide the exact amount . 
  so they can refuse your 100 $ bill if the amount you have to pay is lower . 
  so , how about that 1 $ note ? 
  lol ... 
  meanwhile in france voters must register before the 31st december of the year preceding the elections , and political ads are entirely banned except during allocated time slots before the elections . 
  considering his track record with regard to his electoral promises , i wo n't get my hopes up for this one . 
  sometimes i watch the turkish tv channels on iptv and it is so similar to some of our french ones that if i turned the sound off i could barely tell the difference . 
  maybe it is because these channels are intended for expatriates , but i 'm thinking maybe our cultures are n't that different . 
  so why not ? 
  edit : assuming they fix all their issues including cyprus , religion , and human rights , of course . 
   so , what is ( or should be ) the purpose of a society ? 
  i think we will agree on at least two points : stability , and wealth . 
  actually the purpose of a society is security . 
  it takes several forms : protection against natural forces , predators and other enemy societies , food security and shelter . 
  to operate , a society needs cooperation , through which more can be achieved than by individuals alone . 
  like you mentioned this is similar to the prisoner 's dilemma . 
  what the free market does is reintroduce inside the society the competition that society intended to protect individuals from . 
  in the free market , actors need to play dirty to win the prisoner 's game . 
  we can learn from game theory here : game theory has proven that overall the gain is higher if individuals cooperate , however the individual gain is higher for the traitor * if * people encounter each other rarely . 
  as the size of our societies increase , the winning strategy becomes increasingly to betray your fellow . 
  however will it ever change ? 
  as a frenchman i 'm not very optimistic . 
  our history shows that people in their majority do n't mind being ruled and used by a small aristocracy . 
  french revolution was not started because of oppression , but because of famine , and when things stabilized , people accepted a new king , or a new emperor , and today it would be foolish to think it is any different . 
  as long as their society gives them security , most people will be content . 
  and what happens the next time you go see your doctor if you did n't give him a gift last time ? 
  most doctors will do their job but maybe a few wo n't be as motivated . 
  this kind of practice seems akin to corruption and should be outlawed . 
  can someone explain why a 28m $ vs 50m $ loan makes such a difference for a 1 billion $ contract ? 
  you ca n't have a culture without a language to express it . 
  the two are intimately linked in their evolution . 
  it 's great to be able to import new words into our language , but when we 're using english words in place of perfectly good french words , we 're causing damage . 
  zola translated to english is not zola . 
  from a business logic it makes sense to fire employees who become sick . 
  from a public finances logic it makes sense to kill children with a handicap , or people with untreatable cancer . 
  that 's just cheaper . 
  fortunately some people believe that money is not the sole reason to justify everything . 
  overfishing on this scale is a crime against the future . 
  it 's pretty incredible to realize that a once extremely common fish like the atlantic cod is now classified as a vulnerable species . 
  the consequences if we go on like this might be dire . 
  like our beloved king louis xiv said : `` after me , the deluge '' . 
  i did n't vote sarkozy nor hollande , nor any of the elected presidents since i had the right to vote , so i still do n't feel responsible . 
  like you guessed i usually vote for the green party , however i get discouraged by their constant internal fights and pettiness . 
  you ca n't just make the shortcut to say `` a voted for b , and b supports position x , therefore a supports x '' . 
  a candidate has a lot of opinions , and people who vote for them do n't necessarily agree on every single one of them . 
  voting is the process of finding the candidate that is the `` less far '' from your opinions , that 's the wonder of democracy . 
  however unfortunately french people in general have reactionary opinions , and are not particularly in favor of fairness as long as they get the best end of the deal , despite what the motto of our republic says . 
  you only have to see the ~ 100k people marching the streets to protest gay marriage only a few days ago to convince yourself ( if you needed to ) . 
  i have little hope to see it ever change . 
  there is a big difference between making a law to prevent people from injuring/killing themselves , and a law to prevent people from injuring/killing * others * . 
   but while banks would be permitted to ask their clients to hand over self-declarations attesting that they had paid the appropriate taxes , the government stressed there would be no obligation for clients to file them .
