  there is a deep underground storage facility being built in mainland france . 
  i tend to agree but according to the graph they replaced nuclear by renewables , so it 's not a bad operation . 
  considering their history with the hasse mine you ca n't say that nuclear does not create pollution . 
   if , uh , we disregard nuclear waste ignoring the problem has worked well so far . 
  moscovici has worked to lower the rate of that tax since it was proposed under sarkozy 's presidency . 
  i do n't think they are very opposed on this subject . 
  you make my point , if switzerland were to offer asylum to someone labelled as a traitor to the us , they could threaten to impose any number of sanctions like they have done many times in the past . 
  they know switzerland has much more to lose than they have . 
  this is a good intention and i approve , but the us have means of getting what they want that are hard to resist . 
  in the case of ubs , switzerland was forced to give up bank secrecy in a deal with the us . 
  iirc the swiss population was against it but the federal council gave in under the pressure . 
  if they could be forced to give up one of their most precious and fundamental assets , what of the freedom of one single man who is not even a swiss citizen ? 
  the plant actually is toxic ( all the green parts ) , only the fruit is n't . 
  same with potatoes , the tubers are edible but the green parts are toxic . 
  that 's why you should n't eat a potato that is getting green from exposure to light . 
  do n't bother , it 's a troll . 
  what we should really be doing is stop selling weapons to third world countries and contribute these ships to a common european defense . 
  build an europe that can exist internationally , and is not only a big market . 
  i 'm not holding my breath though . 
   i doubt that why even bother commenting with bullshit when you have no fucking idea what actually went on . 
  your imaginations ! = truth . 
  the info is available right there with a simple search . 
  gorbatchev, 
  only a few hours after that eu declaration our friend vladimir was publicly talking about creating a new state in the south-east of ukraine . 
  he is laughing in our faces more and more openly as we confirm each day our weakness and unwillingness to do anything to slow him down . 
  this is pretty blatantly racist comment . 
  there is a direct relationship between energy we have available and economy , what we can produce . 
  if we suddenly lost a large supply of energy we would n't stay on that richest spot for long . 
  because the have the most successful economy , and since economy is the only measure of worth they get to decide on everything . 
  you ca n't do anything in europe without merkel 's approval . 
  in the very first days of the conflicts people have posted links to military shows exposing the new russian uniforms , exactly the same the `` rebels '' were wearing , soldiers speaking russian , blogs posts of soldiers , etc , so it 's not like we 're just discovering russian involvement . 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody is actually fooled by this , but i think it is also very convenient for our leaders that they can use this pseudo-uncertainty as an excuse not to intervene ( edit : and by that i certainly do n't mean war , i do n't really know what we should do , only we should not put our commercial interests above all in all circumstances ) . 
  to be clear , she was already under investigation since 2011 and has been interrogated by the court several times since . 
  she was under an intermediary status called `` t\u00e9moin assit\u00e9 '' ( assisted witness ) , meaning that there were suspicions that she was involved but not enough to indict her outright . 
  she is now . 
  the court investigating her is a special court ( `` cour de justice de la r\u00e9publique '' ) , former ministers in france are not judged like common citizens but enjoy a court composed of 3 judges in the investigation phase and 12 members of the parliament and 3 judges in the trial phase . 
  you know very well that it is not that easy to vote `` no '' which would mean rejecting the whole agreement , good and bad . 
  and there will be huge pressure from the commission to vote `` yes '' . 
  if the negotiations were under public scrutiny , as they should since public agents act on behalf of the european people and thus it should be possible to control their actions at every moment , there could be decisions made on each part of the treaty without jeopardizing the whole deal . 
  the problem if the the finalized document will be used as a basis for the votes . 
  if there are amendments they will be only marginal relative to this basis . 
  if the talks were public from the get go all the interests could say their opinion and weigh in the final text , and that includes consumers and citizens and not only industrial and commercial lobbies . 
  this is a common negotiation tactic , ask for something insanely high , then during bargaining lower what you 're asking to something lower , but still high in absolute terms . 
  in the end the other party will think they 've made a good deal but you 've got what you wanted in the first place . 
  do n't make the mistake of thinking they 're idiots . 
  they know perfectly well what they 're doing , they know it is against the interests of the european people ant that 's why they 're hiding from it . 
  fun fact : the ownership of the mont blanc is the subject of a [ territorial dispute ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_territorial_disputes#europe ) between france and italy . 
  [ official french maps ] ( http://geoportail.fr/url/7ffqmj ) show the mont blanc fully in french territory , while [ italian maps ] ( http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/monte_bianco#le_disparit.c3.a0_cartografiche ) have the border pass at the peak . 
  more economic sanctions probably , but if you 're thinking a military intervention almost certainly not , nobody wants so start a war with russia in europe , at least i hope so . 
  do n't worry guys , this law will never pass . 
  anything that might hurt the holy markets or the profits of the handful of ultra-wealthy families owning the supermarket chains will displease the government , and the parliament has no will of its own to go against it . 
  rules should be established with the aim to improve the quality of life of society as a whole , and people should obey them . 
  private property exists only because there are laws that say so . 
  is n't this a breach of the fundamental principles of equity of justice ? 
  a poor person could n't pay their way out of trial like a rich person can . 
  i would have been interesting to know if the original study made a difference between men 's and women 's answers . 
  that 's an interesting ruling . 
  basically that judge ordered microsoft to break eu law . 
  i wonder what the commission 's response will be . 
  the legal system works differently in the us and the eu , in the european civil law system the judges must apply the law , but in the us common law system the law is largely the result of case law and the interpretation of the texts by the judges . 
  in this case if you read more about it the argument can be made that the ruling is not what the us congress intended to put into the law . 
  ok , it 's hard to tell when the sentence is written . 
  is it sarcasm ? 
  a promise does n't mean much per se , and nothing at all when a us judge can order them to hand over the info at any future point . 
  not the same thing at all , hiv or hepatitis patients are not leaking viral particles all the time , and they ca n't penetrate the skin like ebola can . 
   ebola is n't an airborne virus . 
  in the case of ebola reston monkeys in different cages were infected and it was not determined how the infection spread , meaning that it could be airborne . 
  although the reston strain is not the one spreading right now in africa and does not seem harmful to humans the virus can mutate . 
  i think we should be very careful about a virus we do n't know much about and that we ca n't control at all in africa despite the involvement of the who . 
  there are only 15k to 20k roma in france , that 's a really small number comparing with the 65m population . 
  it is the rampant xenophobia ( prime minister included ) that is making this a problem . 
  the contracts have a limited duration , but it is in the order of tens of years , for example the contract that paris had before they decided to go back to a public system was 25 years . 
  routinely municipalities will sign contracts for 30 or more years , much longer than the term of their office . 
  but the worst is the appropriation of common goods by these private companies , with the blessing of elected officials . 
  for example there is a forest near where my grandparents lived that had a spring where many people from around the place went to get their water . 
  this spring has been * sold * to a water company by the city , and now the people do n't have the right to access it any more . 
  this stuff is just corrupt behavior by people who do n't put the interests of the citizens above all as they should ( but who ever does in france ? ) . 
  imo handling a monopoly of a resource so fundamentally indispensable to human life as water to a private company is immoral . 
  it should not ever happen . 
  in fact i believe that all exclusive resources ( i.e. 
  where there can be no competition ) should be kept public . 
  the commercial interests at play are far too strong to let this happen . 
  that is why most of the negotiations are done in secret , far from any public scrutiny . 
  hollande said that he was ready to cancel the deal * if the eu goes ahead with stronger sanctions * . 
  that 's about the same thing as saying `` will not be cancelled ever '' . 
  we were n't collectively able to help greece when they most needed us , even though its gdp is 2 % of the whole eu . 
  there is no solidarity in the eu , it is only a big open market , if it does not benefit the economy then they 're not interested . 
   how about calling it the `` european free trade/travel ( and some of us use the euro ) zone . '', 
  yeah , that would have avoided many misunderstandings , but that was harder to sell the the population . 
  where does the association between checkerboard pattern and taxis come from ? 
  my personal top rankings in terms of road dangers in paris : 1 . 
  smart cars drivers who think they are driving a 1-ton bumper car 2 . 
  people engaging the autopilot for their long evening commute 3 . 
  taxis who want to have the smoothest driving possible and only divert their course by a few cm to pass you 4 . 
  people who will perform the most dangerous stunts to avoid the shame of driving behind a bike 5 . 
  and i should probably add : trusting that vehicles will stop at the red light, 
  the law has already been voted by the assembly , uber and all other non-taxi companies will be barred to use gps to match clients and nearby cars directly . 
  you 'll have to make a reservation to be picked up at a specific place and time beforehand . 
  however there are no other restrictions , so this could be `` pick me up in 30 seconds at the address i just happen to be standing at '' . 
  a really dumb law written to protect the taxis but mostly failing to do so .
