  like you i think a federal system is a necessity . 
  a vital one in fact if we do n't want to be crushed soon by the rest of the world . 
  i do n't think a `` tweak '' will be sufficient , our organisational structure is broken at a too fundamental level , and people wo n't accept it as long as it is so undemocratic . 
  i 'm not sure if those currently in power are really willing to change anything at all though . 
   you seem to forget that said countries individually would have long since let greece drop you seem to imply that greece was held up somehow by these countries , but it far from the case , it was milked of the remaining money . 
  did n't angela merkel boast about how the deals were actually financially profitable to germany ? 
  i 'm sorry if i left the impression that i was exonerating france of any wrongdoings , it is far from my intent , naturally the two countries with the biggest arm contracts are germany and france . 
  i 'm particularly angry that our former president and our current finance minister pierre moscovici played such a big role in this sad affair . 
  i do admit that i have a tendency to put everyone in the same big bag these days . 
  they are morally corrupt and willing to sacrifice a whole people in the name of money , their actions indirectly contributed to a dramatic drop of life expectancy and the deaths of thousands of greeks due to the healthcare cuts and it is just revolting . 
  people responsible for this ( edit : i 'm talking about the general state of healthcare in greece ) are the troika . 
  members of the ecb , the eu commission , finance ministers of the eu . 
  these people are criminals . 
  yeah , precisely , offering language courses is only secondary . 
  look at recaptcha which was created by the same guy ( his actual business model seems to be to sell stuff to google ) . 
  now it is used to digitize street numbers for google maps , not so much to help translate books as it was first intended . 
  that 's nice but there is no way i will put work into a service that despite being free , is still proprietary . 
  we have no guarantee that at some point it wo n't become commercial . 
  there are numerous examples of this happening : cddb database sold to a company that removed free access , many wikis sold to a company that put ads and changed the license to one not allowing reuse . 
  if it was also open like wikipedia , and anyone could copy the database then it would be a different story . 
  another fucking lackey of the banking lobby which put us in the shit we 're currently in at the head of the eu , great . 
  oh thank you maryland legislators for kindly helping us not to forget our past ... 
  wait do you actually believe that ? 
  there are plenty of ways to remember that do not involve large sums of money . 
  most people here are neither perpetrators nor victims , those are long dead and it 's unhealthy to make people pay for crimes their ancestors , their ancestor 's company or their ancestor 's country committed . 
  if you think our dear leaders value the future of ukraine higher than their trade balance , you are gravely mistaken . 
   would you rather have a job or none at all ?? 
  work should not be considered the # 1 value above everything else . 
  would you rather have a job that gives you cancer and has shit pay or not ? 
  probably not . 
  should you accept a low wage job that validates a societal model where the worker is a modern slave and only a few reap the profits ? 
  maybe you should not , either . 
  anything goes to fight deflation ... 
  according to [ this xkcd post ] ( http://what-if.xkcd.com/33/ ) , sometime in the last few years , we reached a point where there are , by weight , more ships in the ocean than fish . 
  i do n't think we 're doing that bad . 
  but our president thinks so , and is pushing a new very liberal policy of big public spending cuts and supply-side economy , which will fail . 
  it will soon become a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  is n't that how it is supposed to work ( historically , at least ) ? 
  parliamentarians collecting the grievances of the population to bring them to be discussed and legislated upon . 
  i 've done this once with my national mep on an unrelated subject and i did get an answer . 
  since you 've been directly involved in the legislative process maybe you can shed some light on something i 'm always wondering : why does it seem that so many new laws are written to favor big interest groups instead of the european population ? 
  is it because they shout the loudest ? 
  do lawmakers forget that quickly why they have been elected ? 
  oh , another fallacy . 
  do you have any actual arguments or are you just here to troll ? 
  i 'm not sure publishing figures each year as some kind of contest helps with the problem . 
  good point . 
  the lack of personal accountability for those involved is an issue . 
  we also have a really big problem when high ranking government officials and bank management are so easily exchangeable . 
  it is particularly bad here in france , where the current chairman of bnp paribas ( the biggest european bank , often cited for the systemic risks it presents ) is rumored to become the future director general of treasury . 
  sigh , there is so much to be done , and so little progress being made ... 
  not easy when luxembourg , one of the main global and the biggest european tax evasion hub , has veto power in the eu institutions . 
  that 's a strawman argument . 
  no one says that the banks are not needed by the economy , the problem is that they are not playing their role properly , and just because we need them does not mean they should be exempt of all criticism . 
  this might explain why new taxes have recently been imposed on solar electricity generation ... 
  this great success prompted hollande to make a press release vaunting how * `` the reversal of the unemployment curve , on which i committed , is indeed underway . 
  '' * [ ( you have to see it to believe it ) ] ( http://www.elysee.fr/communiques-de-presse/article/chiffres-du-chomage/ ), 
  i would agree if the claim was about a problem related to the sale of the ticket . 
  however it is not the case here and how she obtained the ticket is entirely irrelevant to the case . 
  i 'm quoting the ruling :  the exception relevant to this appeal is the first clause of the commercial-activity provision , which provides that a foreign state is amenable to suit where the plaintiff 's action is `` based upon a commercial activity carried on in the united states by the foreign state . '' 28 u.s.c. 
  \u00a7 1605 ( a ) ( 2 ) .3 this clause has two parts : ( 1 ) the foreign sovereign must have carried on commercial activity within the united states ; and ( 2 ) the claim must be based upon that activity . 
  to me it is clear that the claim is not based upon the commercial activity , but upon alleged neglect operating the train . 
  evidently the court had a different interpretation . 
  where do you live , the netherlands ? 
  the story took place in austria . 
  you 're extrapolating from a single data point and make it a rule in another country entirely . 
  that 's not a very rigorous reasoning . 
  here in france for example trains have door closure detection but the decision to depart is manual . 
  that 's liberalism in general , not only american . 
  when i 'm doing fine i do n't want to know anything about you , but if i 'm in trouble hurry and bail me out !, 
  if i hate you does that mean i can take your stuff ? 
  i did n't now neoconservatism was getting so popular in europe . 
  i do n't like how we 're policing our former colonies like little dick cheneys . 
  another important news : * a new law was passed allowing data interception on communication networks without any judiciary involvement , under the seal of * secret d\u00e9fense * , and including a `` network solicitation '' clause potentially making it possible to put black boxes recording everything that goes through the network . 
  the only oversight is by an `` independent commission '' comprised of 3 persons including one representative from the government , the * d\u00e9put\u00e9 * who wrote the law and another parliamentary . 
   sarkozy and hollande both attended the ceremony , but they ` controversially ' used different planes to get there . 
  am i the only one to believe that sarkozy had no business being invited by hollande , and even less travelling together ? 
  once you 're not president any more you are just a common citizen . 
   the watchdog stressed that bitcoin was not backed by any central bank , government or physical assets , with its rapidly changing value based solely on people 's confidence in the currency . 
  that 's quite ironic , because that 's exactly the same for paper money : it works as long as you believe the government when it says that a bank note is worth 100 $ or whatever . 
  if people lose that trust then suddenly it becomes a little piece of paper again . 
   the entire banking system that the whole world has had since banking first started is based on this premise . 
  no it 's not . 
  the very simple solution is to regulate banks so that savings accounts and speculative activities are in two separate entities . 
  if one fails , the other is unaffected . 
  several countries implemented this mechanism , such as france or the us . 
  unfortunately the regulations were removed in both countries somewhere in the early 1990s , with the consequences that we know . 
  cancelling debts is what always happen eventually . 
  countries never repay their debts . 
  because i feel like our presidential system is pretty much a continuation of the royal system . 
  in fact our president probably has more power than the former king of france , and like him he decides alone . 
  i agree , this museum is of historical value in itself , as an example of how european used to think ( and maybe still do ) about africa . 
  in france too we 've removed any sign of our colonial history . 
  at least some of it should be preserved . 
  i think we have ample evidence now from countries that implemented austerity like greece , spain , portugal , ireland , and now the netherlands . 
  the only country that managed to reduce its debt by austerity measures was germany . 
  we only have to open our eyes : it does not work . 
  money is like fuel to the economy , cut the supply and the economy stalls . 
  the 3 % rule is completely arbitrary . 
  people really need to stop with this mentality , a country 's budget does not work like a familly budget .
