  sure , you can choose not to care and keep watching the oh so newsworthy `` fait divers '' unfold for weeks on end on the evening news . 
  wow ... oppression of political opponents ... 
  i knew it was bad but not * that * bad ... why did n't hear about it in any media ? 
  then again mainstream media suck the government 's cock on a daily basis so i should n't be surprised . 
  did n't know about the `` terrorism prevention and investigation measures '' . 
  apparently this allows to keep anyone ( labelled a `` terror '' suspect ) under surveillance and with restricted freedom of movement and communication for up to 2 years . 
  edit : without trial . 
  it is the article 60 of the 2014 finance law which was voted on november 19th ( in particular the ii of the article ) : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr/14/ta/ta0239.asp account of the discussion on this article in the national assembly : http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr/14/cri/2013-2014/20140065.asp#p97955 some blog posts and articles on the subject : * http://www.mediapart.fr/journal/economie/181113/et-ce-sont-toujours-les-banques-qui-gagnent-la-fin * http://www.les-crises.fr/affaire-dexia-amnistie/ * http://www.pauljorion.com/blog/?p=60034 [ rumors ] ( http://www.mediapart.fr/journal/france/211113/matignon-sattaque-la-citadelle-de-bercy?page_article=3 ) are that this article was suggested by the director of treasury ramon fernandez , who is nicknamed by some `` the real finance minister '' , and who is now in the process of being dismissed by ayrault in favor of someone less ultraliberal . 
  we clearly have better things to do with the 180 million $ that this migration costs each year . 
  however centralizing everything in a single city is not going to help with the idea that everything is decided from brussels and that countries have less and less of a say . 
  also from a democratic point of view i do n't think that meps should be allowed to take decisions concerning themselves directly , it can only lead to abuse . 
  on a related note a text was passed just yesterday retroactively validating all lending contracts that incorrectly reported the interest rate , thereby making all legal recourse against toxic loans by municipalities and local governments impossible . 
  soci\u00e9t\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9rale , dexia and all banks french and foreign alike give they warmest thanks to the governement . 
  did n't they just introduce a 30 million $ fine for not declaring solar panels in one 's home ? 
  i think the government is desperate for funds ... 
  you 're wrong , in france a trader was tried and sentenced to 3 years of jail and ordered to reimburse 4.9 billion $ to his former employer soci\u00e9t\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9rale . 
  see , the system works perfectly . 
  looks like they 're putting on a big show right now to make it look like all is perfectly fine and validate the policy pushed by mrs merkel & co. no matter what . 
  soon we 'll hear what a huge success reforms in spain are . 
  the eurozone is * not * fine , activity is going down everywhere and anyone saying otherwise is deluded . 
  where the fuck did i say that . 
  sure , if wealth was allocated evenly then growth would benefit everybody . 
  however it is far from being the case , the whole of europe is not like sweden . 
  see germany for example , they are doing very well economically , however this was achieved by keeping labor costs low and a large portion of the population has not benefited from this growth . 
   if you just concentrate on bringing unemployment down , you will very easily sacrifice production rates and growth so what ? 
  why is growth always the ultimate goal ? 
  it does n't necessarily translate into a better living for the population ( which should be the goal ) , especially gdp growth . 
   mugabe/zambia you can always find an extreme example of everything . 
  it does not mean that it will always happen that way . 
  i gave you a counterexample , and there are many others . 
   do not do a sweden and devaluates the currency instead of dealing with the underlying issues you proposed earlier that those countries should leave the euro , the direct consequence would be immediate devaluation of their new national currencies with respect to the euro . 
  and it would be a big benefit for them as well !, 
  they do have numerous issues to deal with , and monetary control would be a valuable tool to help with this . 
  as it is now budgetary measures imposed by the lenders have destroyed their economy . 
  i 'm sure you wo n't deny it . 
  they will take maybe 20 years to recover . 
  and all of this to repay interests to private lenders !, 
  people are dying because hospitals are underfunded and they ca n't be treated . 
  suicide rate has increased by 100 % since before the crisis . 
  yet countries like yours and germany insist that the reforms must go on , reducing the budget even more , removing aids and public services , as if the greeks had to suffer like they had suffered . 
  there is an alternative , we should at least give it a chance . 
   why do you hate independent central banks let 's say that i have had a bad experience with a particular one in the last few years ? 
  control is taken away from the people on too many levels . 
  it is just part of the problem , though . 
  i guess in sweden you have good political institutions , so giving this away does not feel like much . 
  france feels like a banana republic in comparison . 
   i do n't know why you say that all a independent bank could fight for is inflation . 
  i did n't . 
   why did n't the french oppose it more ? 
  despite the revolution we do n't have a strong democratic culture in france and never evolved very far beyond the absolute monarchy . 
  if the president says something must be done , then it is done . 
  it works more or less when he has a clear vision and leadership , but when he is weak like he is now then things turn to shit , like you said . 
  back to the point ... 
  i do n't see why the central bank should be independent . 
  money is a tool which should be used to apply policies decided on a political level , not dogmatic rules with no proven basis . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but monetary power was in the hands of the french government from 1945 to 1972 and those were the best 30 years in recent history . 
  now we hear that if governments had the power to create money they would abuse it to no end , but it was clearly not the case . 
  on the other hand we gave this power to the banks and they did abuse it greatly . 
  inflation is not that bad . 
  it is an incentive to spend money quickly so it boosts economy . 
  it really only hurts those who have a lot of money . 
  you probably should fear deflation more . 
  greece is in it deeply now , and many eu countries are sitting on the fence . 
  remember that adolph hitler came to power not during the early 1920 's hyperinflation , but during the depression that followed . 
  serious question : britain is the only european country whose native language is english , and seeing as they threaten to leave every other day , why should we use english as our common european language ? 
  ( edit : forgot ireland , haha , sorry \\ ^ _ \\ ^ ) we almighty french do n't have anything against english , but we do have something against foreign cultural domination , which is reflected in our school system and media . 
   what ? 
  i heard in in an interview of an economist here in france , i ca n't find the source right now . 
  anyway one certain thing is that they received at least 1 trillion in ltro , and we must not be far from another trillion given away for target2 as well . 
  and the banks probably wo n't be able to pay and are already asking for another ltro . 
  yet we only hear criticisms about `` southern europe '' and never the banks which evidently have done nothing wrong and have no responsibility whatsoever in the crisis . 
   greece 's economy is being tanked by being in the euro . 
  quit it then . 
  yep i really think they should , and probably they will eventually . 
  but we have also failed as a `` union '' by only defending our own respective country 's interests even though they hurt europe as a whole . 
  i wholeheartedly agree that europe wo n't go forward without democracy . 
  however i do n't agree on the definition : democracy is not respect of the law , it is government of the people by the people . 
  when laws are written against the will or against the interests of the people , then it is their most basic right and duty to oppose them . 
  i personally think we crossed the line when the lisbon treaty was ratified by the french parliament despite the `` no '' of the 2005 referendum . 
  can you really still use the word democracy when the most basic expression of the will of the people is not respected ? 
  the ecb is probably the most undemocratic entity in the eu . 
  once appointed , the board members are unaccountable to any elected political bodies like the parliament . 
  they just have to follow statutes which are very much subject to interpretation . 
  also the ecb can and does directly buy state bonds so it is not a clear-cut as you make it look . 
   greece alone has about 300 billions in credit i think it 's around 240 billion . 
  coincidentally before the crisis greece also had 240 billion in debts . 
  post `` bailouts '' the debt has risen to 380 billion . 
  many of it to french and german banks involved in the bailout . 
  if the central bank was allowed to give low interest loans directly to the state then maybe the situation would be better . 
   how much credit do you want ? 
  four trillions ? 
  amusingly that 's about how much the banks received from the ecb . 
   so you do not want to pay back loans ? 
  well , then we need a completely new economy . 
  it is a novel and perhaps interesting idea not really . 
  historically no state has ever repayed a debt higher than 90 % gdp . 
  debt is removed by either devaluation or war . 
  what is novel is the concept that making a whole country 's economy tank will help pay their debt . 
  i got spanish even though i told that i found it ugly and i could n't understand it at all . 
  i subsequently got 3/12 at the listening test .
