  to plot each feature draw a line from the center of the earth , passing through this feature , and mark the position on the cylinder . 
  you can see that the closer to the poles you get , the greater the projection distance is . 
  for example in this map greenland seems to be about the same size as africa . 
  in reality africa is 14 times bigger . 
  shale oil extraction ? 
  northern canada is extremely stretched due to the mercator projection , the cities are not as spread out as they seem . 
  the lights in the gulf of mexico are oil platforms , maybe it is the same here ? 
  there is an awful lot of them though ... 
  `` what are mobile phone contracts in the uk like ? '', 
  seems it would be a more relevant question . 
  things are entirely different from one country to the other . 
  these reforms in greece sure seem to be going along well . 
  they 're made of copper-plated steel . 
  copper is not cheap , although there is not a lot of it . 
  frankly it 's a bit shocking that the government can decide unilaterally , outside of a judicial procedure , to cut one 's pensions rights . 
  if the investigation concludes that the remunerations were illegal , then ask him to reimburse what he received , but not before . 
  but i hope they changed the * laws * that allowed this . 
  yeah . 
  if they have 2 brain cells there 's hope they wo n't implement the tax , though , it 's completely contradictory with the current economic policy of the government . 
  interesting . 
  they all seem to be gallicisms or french words `` anglicized '' and used with their french meaning . 
  not under .90 $ anyway . 
  i do n't actually buy dvds , but many people tend to buy them online in luxembourg or belgium , which allows to bypass the tax . 
  the `` cultural '' industry has lived at the expense of the rest of society for 30 years now . 
  they do n't know what the word `` crisis '' means , taxes increase no matter what . 
  for example they get 0.90 $ on each blank dvd sold . 
  inheritance tax is a transfer tax , not a wealth tax . 
   it still seems slightly immoral to be taxing people for dying people are not taxed for dying , but for inheriting , which is entirely different . 
  there is no obvious reason , `` moral '' or otherwise , why a child should inherit all of his parent 's wealth . 
  btw : whoever 's downvoting the comments could at least reply with the reason why . 
  then i agree . 
  however i think the problem is inheritance tax which is much too low in most places , not wealth tax which tends to pose problems due to the volatility of the appraisal of properties . 
  why is it better to get paid to work for someone than to pay someone to work for you ? 
  i guess that would mean free reign of the us trademark/patent/ip bullshit in europe , as well as no more ban on gmo or meat containing growth hormones or antibiotics . 
  the agreement proposals in the past have been generally more to the advantage of the us than the eu as well . 
  these `` trade officials '' seem to live only to sign agreements notwithstanding an actual benefit or not to the eu . 
  the last point is pretty big , especially considering the fact that ziad takkiedine 's claims that he has proof that gaddafi gave 50 million $ for sarkozy 's 2007 elections campaign , and the fact that gaddafi was killed during french intervention in lybia only a few days after he threatened to publish documents on this matter . 
  the current crisis is one of demand , it started with banks refusing credit and now people have less and less money to spend buying goods . 
  austerity policies only reinforce this by injecting even less money in the economy . 
  the imf itself recently acknowledged that this effect was even bigger than they first thought , and that 's why they 're asking eu countries to not go to far with austerity . 
  second thing , austerity measures only work by bringing an competitive advantage of one country over the others . 
  if everybody does it , it does not work . 
  lastly , most economic exchanges of eu countries are done inside the eu . 
  bringing down the demand of the eu as a whole hurts everyone . 
  public spending can also be financed by growth . 
  debt is always measured as a percentage of gdp , if you get more debt , but this debt allows you to create growth , you 're good . 
  if you get no new debt but this causes negative growth , you 'll still have more debt relatively speaking . 
  it seems pretty clear that the austerity is bringing us down . 
  that 's a 1930 's germany vs. 
  us * new deal * situation we 're facing there . 
  i wonder if croatia has a chance to win if they bring this to court considering they have been producing this wine for 2000 years and no one complained before . 
  but of course unfortunately in trademark cases usually the strongest ( italy ) wins . 
  we love homeopathy , too , it 's even reimbursed to some extent by social security . 
  in any case , i 've never been subjected to this , and i do n't know anyone who has , either , so i do n't know if this is as prevalent as this article implies . 
  i 'd probably refuse if a prospected employer asked me for a handwritten letter . 
  i work in it so i 'm probably not in the right environment to see this . 
  seems like business as usual on wall street . 
  after the libor scandal , the banks involved received up to $ 1 billion in fines from the regulators , while the damage to borrowers was in the order of several billions , and some traders gained personal benefit from the deals . 
  of course they will do it again . 
  until the individuals in cause are not held penally responsible for their actions , nothing will change . 
  if you 're referring to the recent horse meat `` scandal '' , the ones responsible were dutch and cypriot meat traders , and french meat processors . 
  the romanians were selling horse meat labeled as such all along . 
  they do n't have a voice because they do n't have any ideas . 
  whoever shouts the loudest is right . 
  the way they bow to the will of lobby 's in france is disgusting . 
  i think i despise them even more than sarkozy . 
  he was an asshole , but at least he had a spine . 
  oh yeah , it definitely is . 
  french law finds its roots in roman law , which reflects in the vocabulary . 
  i think lawyers actually enjoy that , 
  you 're right , it is not automatic , but there are plans to make it so . 
  see my [ other reply ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1cxu7k/gay_marriage_law_passed_in_france/c9lcrrt ) for more details . 
  the french judicial system is quite different from the english style system so it might be a bit hard to explain . 
  first you do n't appeal a prosecution , but a judgment . 
  there are 3 levels of courts in france : the trial courts , the appellate courts and the cassation court . 
  when you appeal a judgment from level 1 to 2 you use the terms `` interjeter appel '' or `` faire appel '' , and from level 2 to 3 the term `` pourvoir en cassation '' . 
  the constitutional council is not strictly a 4th level , since it does not rule on the validity of judgments , but on the laws themselves . 
  in this case it is a legislative process , not a judicial one , so i think using a word related to appeal courts is inappropriate . 
  if the council censors the law , there is no `` second trial '' , it is merely removed and new law on the same subject can be made without restriction . 
  in the absence of a proper english term , i 'd use something more neutral like `` to request examination of '' the law . 
  not really , this is not an appeal process . 
  the constitutional council will rule whether the law complies with the constitution . 
  in case it does not , whole or part of the law will be censored . 
  it can also rule on the specific interpretation of the law that courts must follow . 
  you do have something to do with them . 
  the economies and financial systems of all of europe are completely intertwined . 
  germany does well because there is a big market to sell your products to . 
  if this market collapses , the german economy will suffer . 
  likewise for banks , most own financial products issued by other banks from other countries , many billions of $ of them . 
  they are nothing more than a promise that they will pay back each other at some point , and if they ca n't the house of cards falls down . 
  there is a 100k $ state guarantee on deposits if the bank fails . 
  no , but i think that people who refuse to accept that others should enjoy the same rights that they do , regardless of sex or religion , and who openly engage in hate speech in the streets , are . 
  there are numerous studies pointing to neonicotinoids as one of the probable causes of colony collapse . 
  it is disingenuous to claim that the sole source for this hypothesis is this article . 
  the eu rarely takes a ban lightly . 
  i think it 's wise to take precautionary measures when if it is wrong then a few corporate interests are hurt , but if it was right this saves the whole food chain . 
  well , it 's been voted by the senate , but not yet by the national assembly which ultimately has the final say . 
  still i 'm optimistic , despite the bigots being in full out hate mode these days . 
  how about some corporate taxes ? 
  more anti-islam bullshit .
