10/10 would rage again, 
  perpetual victimhood by far . 
  not because it hurts my fee-fees , but because 1 ) it severely downplays poland 's role in the region as a ( former ) imperialistic power and 2 ) it leads to the popular mentality of poland being this pristine clean country that never hurt anyone ever or did anything wrong in its entire history . 
  unfortunately as i noticed spending my time on foreign ( mostly american ) websites , foreigners often seem to unknowingly play right into that mentality . 
  i mean , reading some posts on reddit outside of dedicated historical subs would lead one to believe polish history started in late xviii century when it was immidately partitioned . 
  my absolute favourites are pokemon , monster hunter , ace attorney and golden sun franchises . 
  too bad the latter one has n't got a new game in almost a decade . 
  my neighbour has a private gardener that occasionally mows the lawn . 
  i live in a rather well off area though , i do n't think it 's common throughout the whole country . 
  przedwczoraj means `` the day before yesteday '' . 
  similiary , pojutrze means `` the day after tomorrow '' . 
  can also be substituted to a simple `` zdrowia !, 
  '' , at least where i live . 
  religious arguments being used in public political debate . 
  no , never . 
  only ever saw americans randomly burst out with `` english motherfucker , do you speak it ? '', 
  and it always confused me . 
  getting a fresh , delicious baguette every morning was one of my favorite parts of being in france . 
  there is something called [ stypa ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/stypa ) ( could n't find any english sources , sorry ) , or a dinner after a furneal , but its the family of the deceased person that sends the invites , not the neighbours . 
  not even from poland 's pov is almost 100k people leaving the country in a year a `` trickle '' . 
  really the only thing that changed migration-wise in recent years is that we 've gotten a sizable influx of ukrainians , but most of them are only seasonal/temporal workers so ... 
  i present to you , [ tornado vs kurwa ] ( https://youtu.be/ornavvw9u9g ), 
  ( 3,3 proc . ), 
  https://money.pl/wiadomosci/artykul/ilu-polakow-przebywa-na-emigracji,54,0,2149430.html ** edit : ** quick , probably messy translation  central statistical office estimates , that by the end of 2015 about 2397 thousands of poles lived outside of the country - about 77 thousand ( 3,3 % ) more than in 2014 . 
  ( ... ) it is estimated that about 80 % of temporary migrants from poland spent at least 12 months living outside of the country ( * read : they 're pretty much permanent migrants at this point * ), 
  mostly nintendo stuff , which is pretty rare in this part of europe . 
  i bought a switch with splatoon 2 just yesterday . 
  thankfully we do n't have any stock issues compared to the rest of the world , so i was able to just walk into the store and purchase one on spot . 
  also , mobage , though i 've been stuck on the same 2 games for months now . 
  this . 
  usa threads attract a much bigger and diverse audience than the polish threads , which are typically visited by poles , polish diaspora and deluded heritage folk , which creates a circlejerk . 
   everyone 's praising poland for fighting against the muslim invasion , staying homogenous , and not being politically correct whoever did this definitely wasnt a regular on that sub . 
  anyway , the attitude changed because the sub was discovered by the actual polish right wing trolls which are fucking everywhere in the polish net , and as / r/europe has quickly found out they are n't a very likeable bunch ( i.e. 
  permamently butthurt about history , no sense of humour , unwarranted sense of self-importance , medival views on things like sexuality and reproduction , resorting to whataboutism in an attempt to avoid addressing criticism and so on ) . 
  ojro, 
  it 's a reference to a really embarassing interview our minister of foreign affairs gave to one of the german magazines . 
  he basically called cyclists and vegetarians a threat to the polish culture lmao, 
  came here to say this . 
  french were always really kind to me , so were the germans for the most part . 
  itt everyone but native english speakers, 
  there is also ksero ( from xerox ) for copies/scanners and rower ( rover ) for bikes . 
  define `` american thing '' . 
  twice a year . 
  facebook also technically forces you to use your real name but we all know how easy it is to set up a fake account . 
  online personal verification is pretty much worthless . 
   judging from comments under news articles do n't . 
  at least in poland a research has found out that about 1/3 of twitter comments are made by fake/paid accounts . 
  got a couple growing in my garden and yes they 're common in forests . 
  they 're called poziomki in polish ( from poziomy - horizontal , probably referring to the fact that they grow very close to the ground ) . 
  never used it . 
  heard it 's expensive and has little content . 
  having overheard my colleagues ( same age as me [ mid 20s ] some even younger ) talk about the issue no longer than a couple of days ago ... child beating is here to stay for a veeeery long time . 
  one or two times per month ( warsaw ) . 
  it 's technically illegal in poland too but its hard to enforce since children will rarely want to speak ill about their guardians even if the beating gets really bad . 
  honestly , i 'm not very optimistic . 
  i imagine we will be a very old continent at that point , especially if we only take the native population into consideration . 
  collapsing demographics and diminishing innovation will mean usa , china and india will overshadow whatever was left of europe 's relevance to the world . 
  internal squabbles and lack of common language will result in the eu never reaching a proper federation stage , if not outright dissolving , causing the continent to go back to its balkan-like state . 
  on the continents eastern flank , following the phase out of oil/gas as the main energy source , similiar negative demographic trends as the rest of europe and putin 's death , russia will collapse into a bunch of smaller , mafia run states , with some of them possibly being swallowed by china . 
  thanks for reading my fanfic . 
  for the sake of us all i hope it turn out to be a total bullshit . 
  kind of dumb to call it that way in the first place since spanking is still pretty popular in america to this day ( afaik ) . 
  the only countries that strongly enforce the `` no child beating '' rule are the nordics . 
  they usually sarcastically call it a `` no-stress upbringing '' , as if getting beaten with a belt somehow made them into a better person . 
  my home city , warsaw . 
  though katowice is also pretty up there . 
  depends on what you count as the national day . 
  on the polish independence day in november we put the polish flags in the flag holders on one of our house 's wall and that 's it . 
  never taken part in the actual celebrations in the capital and probably never will as they tend to be visited by some of the worst scum from around the country . 
  no , not really . 
  if it 's not foreign policy-related then it 's mostly sports or trivia . 
  i live in warsaw so my view might be a liiiitle bit scewed but it 's more common than i suspected , given the county 's traditional meat-heavy cuisine . 
  a couple of my colleagues are vegetarian , i also recently learned my 2 cousins became vegan . 
  given the health benefits i do n't see it as bad thing , though i never considered becoming a vegetarian myself . 
  kebab is pretty damn popular as well , at least here in warsaw . 
  the best are those 1.5-2 meter long zapiekankas you know you 're never going to finish by yourself but ca n't help buying anyway . 
  it 's quite common i believe , even for people who live in flats since they usually own some sort of an allotment garden . 
  out of edible plants my current garden only has strawberries and wild strawberries growing in it , but the old commiebloc flat i grew up in ( had an actual garden since it was at the very bottom of the building ) had red and black ribes , sour and sweet cherries , green plums , gooseberries , green grapes , mirabelle prunes , raspberries and blackberries . 
  made summer all that much more fun , 
  well , that 's a first ... 
  detached house in the southern outskirts of warsaw . 
  commuting can be kind of a pain . 
  cant recall even one . 
  i had some distant relatives move for work but they all returned . 
  post-war up to modern times . 
  it 's a strange mix of creepy and heartwarming while being easy to relate to ( many of those people are still alive ), 
   as a kid i also did n't like milk soup with macaroni , which was a pretty popular dish when i was in kindergarten . 
  eww , we had that too . 
  it was disgusting , especially since i 'm partly intolerant to milk . 
  they also loved serving us cooked spinach without cheese to kill the taste for some reason . 
  agreed , love me some well prepared * n\u00f3\u017cki * with lemon . 
  too bad it 's often stuffed with crappy meat . 
  all of them pretty much . 
  even the `` leftist '' websites like gazeta.pl have recently been invaded by voting bots and paid posters making the once decent comments section a complete travesty to read through . 
  yes . 
  there used to be a unique kresowian ( eastern borderland ) accent but it died when soviet union annexed a large chunk of second polish republic where this dialect was formerly spoken . 
  as someone from a country that used to be a part of the eastern bloc , i found it both very touching and easy to relate to . 
  great film . 
  polish does n't really have distinct accents . 
  we have a couple of dialects and even seperate languages , but accents got kinda annihilated during communism .
