  pale skin was seen as a symbol of status , since it implied the person was n't a peasant working in the fields everyday . 
   they rage-quit a lot . 
  this is my experience with spainiards but also with mexicans as well . 
  they also cheat like mad . 
   edgelords under 15 years old ( toxic like cyanide ) , and gentlemen older than 15 years lmao , that 's way too optimistic . 
  i 've met germans over 20 who easily fall into the first category . 
  they also call everyone they do n't like a cunt . 
  the only thing i can say about the french is that they suck at monster hunter . 
  japanese are the most creative and skilled on average . 
  nicest person i ever had the pleasure to play with was a norwegian though . 
  billing w / german , junior position 2 . 
  no , not really , but i needed something to keep me occupied since my postgrad studies are only once every 2 weeks 3 . 
  only since the start of this year, 
  usually food products like kefir , \u015bmietana ( sour cream ) , soured cucumbers and tymbark juices . 
  awful , awful , awful ... speaking about what is traditionally considered a `` polish humour '' of course . 
  watching classic polish comedy films from pre-1989 era honestly feels more outlandish to me than doing a full marathon of moe anime . 
  i 'd add john paul ii 's death too, 
  not counting the various elections i think the major ones would be : 2004 - eu accession 2005 - pope john paul 's the second death ( he was polish ) 2010 - smole\u0144sk plane crash ( basically the polish 9/11 ), 
  that 's the mass culture for you . 
  it 's wide appeal is one of the reasons it took over the world so quickly . 
  not really . 
  traveling has a much stronger impact on my perception of a particular nationality than anything i read on the internet does . 
  i had to completely revise my views on usa after i visited it for example . 
   communist-inspired germanophobia oh come on , you can not possibly believe that the anti-german sentiment in poland ( and vice versa ) is a less than a century old affair . 
   mostly peaceful co-existence and co-operation ... which does n't necessarily mean that poles and germans liked each other . 
  in fact , the segregation was quite visible seeing as poles ( including the nobility ) mostly lived in the countryside while germans living in poland contained themselves in towns and cities . 
   the teutonic knights , prussia and hitler were exceptions those are some pretty big exceptions then seeing as we had to deal with the chiefly hostile teutonic order , and later prussia , and later germany since xiii century . 
  maybe not culturally the closest per se , but in everyday interaction we get along very nicely with most catholic countries of europe , including ireland , italy and spain . 
  i actually came back to it recently to check out the johto update lmao but the weather still sucks so i ca n't do much walking . 
  from what i noticed , it 's mostly elementary school children playing it nowadays ( i live near an elementary school myself and i see a lot of kids hanging around the nearby gym/pokestop every day ) , whereas it was mostly 20-somethings playing it back when it still had fad-levels of popularity . 
  it 's not `` that '' hard , you just have to know where to look/know the right people . 
  my brother managed to go for a month-long trip with his ex-girlfriend for the money he earned from a ~ 6-month internship at pwc . 
  he admittedly received help from his friend who somehow managed to score a japanese girlfriend on erasmus , she guided them around tokyo lol i hope i can also visit in the near future , from what he told me japan is a very exciting place and the food is absolutely excellent . 
  i 've been to both usa and canada . 
  i also had a chance to visit china but decided not to ( which i now regret lol ) . 
  the rest of the family has also further traveled to turkey and tunisia ( parents ) and japan ( younger brother ) . 
  i hope to visit usa again sometime in the near future , there is still so much i have n't seen and my visa expires in only a couple of years . 
  i think it 's too early to say , we still have the french elections ahead which could prove to be pivotal . 
  no idea to be honest . 
  i own a small tv set myself but use it seldomly , though that might change since i plan to get a switch in the near future . 
  ha , saw that thread on / r/europe . 
  interesting stuff . 
  anyway , we keep it in one of the utility rooms in our basement , along with the dryer . 
  gothic or stronghold i guess . 
  the former for atmosphere , the latter for gameplay . 
  i play/played lots of collectible card games , usually in digital form cause real cards are horribly expensive . 
  i tried most popular games like magic , pokemon and yugioh , and been meaning to get into shadowverse as well . 
  with enough time and internal stability ? 
  sure . 
  even then , we 're looking into a time frame of at least couple of decades , since younger generations are being successfully brainwashed into that bullshit as well . 
  i can still see the submission on the main page . 
  everything concerning the religion . 
  the social pressure is insane even when most people dont go to the weekly church mass anymore . 
  talk about hypocrisy . 
  the scottish colonisation of polish lithuanian commonwealth is pretty well known here  we do have various sources that reveal to us just how significant the size of the scottish population of poland was . 
  the traveler william lithgow claimed that `` thirty thousand scots families '' were living in poland in the early 17th century  the size of the scottish population of the area was n't just a matter of discussion in the polish & lithuanian commonwealth itself though . 
  in the english parliament in 1606 , the example of scots in poland had been used as an argument against the union of scotland and england . 
   ` if we admit them into our liberties we shall be overrun with them ... witness the multiplicities of the scots in polonia . '  the influence of that population can still be seen in polish place-names today . 
  gda\u0144sk has an area of the city called nowe szkoty . 
  it 's reckoned that there are at least 10 polish villages with names derived from references to scots or scotland http://polishscottishheritage.co.uk/?heritage_item=scots-in-poland, 
  8:00 -16:00 which are the standard working hours here . 
  at the start of my job i was adviced to dress `` smart casual '' , which from what i understood means casual wear is fine as long as it 's tasteful ( no socks with sandals for me :d ), 
  stay . 
  for poland the eu is not only a matter of economy but also security , which many here seem to conveniently forget ... 
  i do n't recall ever hearing about such policies . 
  racial discrimination , racial `` purity '' etc. 
  are generally considered foreign concepts in polish culture . 
  ethnic , yes , but never racial . 
  i have this on my wall !, 
  i 'd say that battle of grunwald is more popular inside the country , while sta\u0144czyk is more popular outside of it . 
  economically it 's okay so far as the foreign investment gravy train still keeps us afloat , but if we do n't start developing our own ( large ) companies things will get ugly very soon . 
  socially - not that great , poles are still too religious and superstitious as a whole , the far right sentiment has taken over a good chunk of the society , homophobia and to a lesser extent xenophobia are rampant . 
  on the upside it 's better than it used to be 5-10 years ago , except or the far right thing . 
  you mean the maps that people post on / r/europe for easy karma ? 
  for the same reason video game sales charts usually only involve the japanease market - the data is readily and easily avaliable . 
  in case of europe , we have institutions like eurostat and various statistical journals that are updated on a rather frequent basis . 
  if there is any place that 's simply in love with cross country comparisons , it 's europe . 
  the changes in the public sphere are actually just as easy to explain . 
  in their pursuit towards the `` western standards '' most ex-communist countries adopted the so-called [ new public management ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_public_management ) approach , which basically aims to improve the efficiency of public services by running them just like you 'd run a private company . 
  so yes , all of the processes that re-shaped the post communist private sphere also took place in the public sphere at the same time . 
  for most kids in my country , pokemon was the cartoon , the cards and the little plastic pogs added to $ 0.5 chips packets . 
  not many could afford the expensive non-bootleg merchandise or the handheld + the game . 
  if they did play the game , they played it on a pc as a pirated copy passed around on floppy discs . 
  feeling pretty nostalgic right now , but i ca n't exactly say i miss those times haha . 
  my parents did the same with me initially but only because it was considered more `` healthy '' and `` natural '' or some shit . 
  needless to say they switched to standard disposable diapers very quickly and never looked back . 
  i believe this is just a direct effect of the switch to the free market capitalism . 
  in communism , the employees knew that 1 ) they could n't legally be fired from the work , no matter how bad they were 2 ) their quality of work was n't controlled in any way 3 ) they had no competition to worry about since jobs were provided almost only by the state . 
  thus many saw it as an opportunity to be discharge all of their life frustrations on the poor customers , who had no choice but deal with their bullshit . 
  nowadays being an asshole to the customer results in a quick kick in the buttocks by the employer , since he/she knows the customer has an option to just go to the competition if he 's dissatisfied by the quality of the service . 
   do you recall something that made you understand that things were going better ? 
  long time ago when i was a kid , i used to own this little device called gameboy . 
  at the time i got it ( late 90ties ) , this ancient by then handheld went only for about 99 dollars on the primary market . 
  still , due to how atriciously low the average polish salary was , it was still considered a luxury item among most of my elementary school peers . 
  by the end of xx century , the pokemon fad hit basically every school around the country . 
  having owned the game by that time already , i really wanted to show off muh pokemans to everyone at the school . 
  i ignored my parents warnings and one day , i secretly smuggled the gameboy in my backpack . 
  stolen on the very first day . 
  ths culprit was obviously never found . 
  i got my sorry arse spanked hard by my parents and had to live with the crushing feeling of guilt for many months .
