  isnt `` fam '' almost exclusively used among black americans ? 
  actually , i would n't really mind if halloween became a thing in poland , except instead of copying the anglophone holiday we could simply revive our polish version of it - * dziady * . 
  with some , ekhem , refurbishing it up to modern standards ( sorry kids , no throwing food at graves at midnight ! ), 
  we could allow children to collect snacks ( read : sweets ) for the deceased ( read : themselves ) or something . 
  just an idea , i know it 's unlikely to catch up . 
   shops being decorated halloween-style , halloween-themed parties and halloween topics on the radio in other words , it 's either people trying to cash in on marketable colorful plastic crap and university students staging themed parties like they do for almost everything these days . 
  i see nothing wrong with either personally , that period is still 99 % about the all saints day which is super grim and religious compared to halloween . 
  i 'm kind of baffled by your other two examples . 
  radios covering halloween topics is literally nothing , even obscure far eastern holidays are good enough for them these days , as long as it allows them to fill the broadcast time . 
  never had children ask me for sweets personally and i live next to a primary school in the relatively cosmopolitan warsaw . 
  idk how it is in the rest of europe ( aside from uk/ireland ) , but i never saw people celebrating halloween in poland seriously . 
  it 's mostly just farmers trying to sell you pumpkins and students looking for a reason to get wasted . 
  saying `` sorry '' ( with botched polish spelling/pronounciation ) instead of the admittedly long and somewhat formal `` przepraszam '' . 
  and it 's less annoyed and more amused in my case , though i know some ~ ~ language nazis ~ ~ people who hate it with passion . 
  sadly not a lot . 
  with the average pole being disgusted/afraid of big politics the only people left in it are actual scumbags who are only in for the money ( and sometimes power ) . 
  it 's like a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  nah , he 's right . 
  though i still believe that polish `` patriotism '' is about as deep as a kiddy pool . 
  not from the baltic states/slovakia , but i think it 's because in eeu it 's much harder to organize a demonstration * for * something rather than * against * something . 
  if something works well , instead of celebrating on streets people will just not complain , which is about the best compliment a political institution can receive in this part of the world . 
  just a random word to not be instantly recognizable to people from other communities i 'm a part of / used to be part of ( i 've been using message boards since circa 2005 , though most of them are dead now ) . 
  i sometimes call them euro/yurobucks for fun but it 's certainly not a common term . 
  and we do n't have any nicknames for euro in polish . 
  yeah i do n't get to use spoken english in real life all that often either . 
  not that great . 
  6/10 maybe . 
  but i 'm a poor speaker even in my native lang . 
  dunno , i recently see a rebound of an opposite attitude ( `` poland is perfect and can do nothing wrong , you fucking leftists ! '' ), 
  and it 's honestly far more annoying than the constant whining about random things . 
  russian ( too many to count ) , especially in southern europe . 
  this tool is called * frytkownica * in polish . 
  i personaly do not have it but its not completely unheard of . 
   radical centrism wat, 
  yeah op seems to make a common mistake of lumping the entire half of a continent in the same bag when it 's in fact quite a culturally and politically diverse place nowadays . 
   difficult history with leftist policies sorry , but this is a myth . 
  i can only speak for poland , but polish people absolutely love leftists policies ( eg . 
  kid welfare , state sponsored flats , unemployment benefits ... you get the idea ) , they just hate the entire ideological background these policies originate from ( i.e. 
  equality for all regardless of who they are ) . 
  it 's a shitty attitude , but that 's the nature of conservative/mistrustful societies . 
  above 6000 z\u0142oty net is considered a good salary in general . 
  that 's about 1450 euro with the current exchange rate . 
  might as well proclaim one world government at this point, 
  i saw a couple of elementary kids with it . 
  seems like a completely boring toy to me ( you just put it on your finger and spin , thats it ) but fads can not be reasoned with i guess . 
  the whole high school culture ... always thought it was fake/overexaggerated for narrative purposes , but a friend of mine was on a student exchange in american high school and said that there really was a group of students whose entire lives revolved around american football ( jocks ? 
  ) , a group of cheerleader girls who were all huge fans of said jocks , a group of nerd kids everyone threw paper balls at on dinner breaks and so on and so on . 
  it all seems so bizzare yet i have no reason not to believe my friend . 
  yeah , as long as a trump-related news vaguely mentions another country ( eg . 
  russia , saudi arabia ) the place turns into / r/politics very quickly . 
  beat me to it, 
  a lot of them did yes . 
  they were also the primary voters of even nuttier parties , for example the one that promised to take the voting rights from women if they won . 
  it 's pretty terrible . 
  its not critical enough of the plc and barely covers ww2 and beyond due to the lack of time , which breeds a lot of teenage neo - `` patriotic '' morons voting for far right parties . 
  the teaching methods are also bad , mostly just memorizing dates and not understanding what actually happened . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i find that pretty fascinating since i travel a lot and in far western/south-western europe people always mistake me for a russian without fail . 
  and yes , russians have a pretty distinct way of pronouncing vowels , it 's noticable even when they speak other slavic languages like polish . 
  you have polish people in portugal ? 
  i heard germans can distinguish the polish and the russian accent , is that true ? 
  definitely american , with some hidden pockets of peace for the international audience ( eg . 
  this sub ), 
  car stealing is still true to an extent , but it 's pretty much only done by highly organized mafia nowadays . 
  in early 90s it was a real plague and a source of the car stealing jokes . 
  i got spanked a few times ( once with a belt ) and i still hate my parents for it . 
  will definitely not do it myself if i ever have kids . 
  i really like it - the lyrics , the melody and the backstory ( it was written when polish foreign legions were fighting in italy , hence the references ) . 
  lolwat there is no visegard identity . 
  the structure itself is a zombie remnant of the 90ties that should 've been disbanded after all of the member countries joined the eu , as it serves no practical purpose anymore . 
  black americans - same as white americans but with an interesting subculture native americans - wild west stereotypes abound, 
  catholicism, 
  nope . 
  i feel rather apathetic to the idea . 
  at this point , a single european country is just a pipe dream though . 
  not because the population would oppose it ( and it would ) but because many european politicians seem to be content in having the politically toothless eu as a scrapegoat they can blame all of their failures on . 
  edit : typo, 
  same here lol it 's still common ( although slowly fading away ) to call all sport shoes `` adidas '' regardless of the brand . 
  i love peanut butter and peanut butter flavoured sweets . 
  i bought out pretty much the whole stock of reeses ( sp ? ), 
  butter cups from my current university 's cantine when they were available lol, 
  russia i guess , but we kind of got forcibly dragged into it by lithuaina / rus . 
  and we lost by like mid xvii anyway . 
   opinion everything i hate about poland except worse . 
  needless to say i 'm not a fan . 
  pan tadeusz unironically, 
  your polish is very nice !, 
  how long have you been learning ? 
  this and australia are on my `` to visit '' list . 
  i 'd also love to explore the american west coast ( only been to east ) . 
  i do n't know how it is country-wide but my parents watch it religiously , even after kubica was forced to end his career as a rider . 
  23-27 degrees celsius is ideal , anything higher and i start sweating uncontrollably , anything lower and i feel like im freezing ( im pretty sensitive to cold ) . 
  same . 
  started out selling jeans imported from turkey in a polish fiat on the abandoned 10th-anniversary stadium , ended up running their own company and getting pretty rich in the process . 
  not super disgusting rich like the ex-comminust property grabbers , but enough to afford us a vacation abroad two times a year which was pretty much unheard of for the average polish family at the time . 
  apart from the first 2 or so years when hyperinflation ran wild and we had to receive food packages from the west , it was a pretty optimistic decade that many look back to fondly . 
  the euphoria caused by finally regaining our independence , the budding capitalism and the nato membership kept the polish engines buzzing despite the general poverty , exploding unemployment and high crime rate ( mafia especially was a big problem that you do n't hear about a lot in modern day poland anymore ) . 
  being only a kid during the decade all i can remember myself is vacations at the baltics sea with my grandparents and the taste of jagodzianki ( sweet pastry with blueberry filling ) that were always sold at the beaches . 
  i still basically do n't . 
  only some champagne or liquor on birthday parties and such , but never by myself .
