  fastforward to today , i live near an elementary school ( not the same one i went to ) and everyday when i go to work i see tons of kids with smartphones that are easily 6-7 times more expensive than my poor old gameboy , playing games with other kids , who all also own similarly expensive smart devices . 
  and i ca n't help but feel envious for them , that they get to enjoy these things together , without feeling like that one rich kid outcast , and without the fear of having their shit stolen in an instant . 
  perhaps my story will seem trivial to some , but it 's something that sticked in my mind since i 'm still an avid video game fan . 
  ** tl ; dr ** stealing is n't as rampant as it used to be . 
  probably la defence in france . 
  so , so , so dirty and devoid of any life ( in stark contrast with the rest if the city ) . 
  hated every second being here . 
  i believe it 's simply called a job agency, 
  imho poland is a much more relaxed about nudity these days . 
  i was watching the polish version of top model last year and they did the naked photo session without censoring the breasts . 
  genitals were faded out though . 
  the great schism line is only one of the possible east-west divisions and in my humble opinion not that relevant in today 's context anymore . 
  i think the so-called `` agrarian dualism '' line and the early middle-ages city line ( forgot the exact name lol ) better reflect how the economic and cultural history of europe was being shapen starting from around mid 1500 up to xx century . 
  i wish this was a meme too , but when i was applying to a post-grad class in one of the warsaw 's it unis i oversaw one of the office employees browsing / pol / on his work computer . 
  needless to say i facepalmed internally . 
  anyway , in my experience there are two types of nationalists in poland . 
  the bald lower class patriotic-tracksuit wearing football hool type , and the generally anti-social math-nerd `` kuc '' type which builds his political worldview on / pol / memes . 
  i honestly ca n't tell which is worse ... 
  in my experience the it field in poland is the # 1 hotbed of `` red-pilled '' individuals if you catch my drift . 
  maybe it 's different wherever you live . 
  and it 's the racism of the absolute most aggressive kind . 
  calls to shooting the boats coming through the mediterranean are basically the default opinion on how to solve the migrant crisis in the public discourse . 
  you , like many other redditors on this sub , focuses too much on mass culture , which not only does n't reflect the actual cultural foundations of the nation but is also purposefully designed to be as `` digestable '' by as many consumers around the world as possible ( this is what the word `` mass '' refers to ) . 
  no offence , but watching an american drama series does n't make us any more western/american than watching anime makes one a japanese . 
  also , why are you assuming russians and ukrainians dont consume ( watch , listen etc. ), 
  the products of western mass media industry ? 
  they do . 
  internet exists , so does piracy and other more and less legal ways of content sharing . 
  but yet you have no qualms to claim they belong to a different cultural group than we do . 
  funny how it works eh ? 
   also , we grown up to democracy ( at least some of us ) , while in countries like belarus or russia , the cult of a powerful man still exist . 
  are you seriously claiming that in the polish society there is no overreaching desire of a `` strong leader finally sorting this country up '' ? 
  even if you personally do n't feel that way there is evidence of that lying basically everywhere . 
  consider for instance how every single party in poland , besides razem ( whose creator grew up in the west surrounded by western cultural values and which has marginal support anyway ) , runs on the centralised `` strong leadership + everyone else '' format with the decentralised co-ownership format being practically non-existent . 
  consider how pos support instantly flattened the moment their strong leader left the party for greener pastures , and a less charismatic ( not necessarily less competent ) person had to take over . 
  consider how [ the public institutions which are considered to be the most trustworthy in poland ] ( http://www.newsweek.pl/polska/ranking-zaufania-polakow-do-instytucji-publicznych-ibris,artykuly,396654,1.html ) are all old , strongly hierarchical structures ( police , catholic church etc ) while the actual democratic institutions like the worker unions , independent media and political parties are at the bottom low . 
  consider the laughably low voter turnout no matter the year . 
  finally consider how pis 's support did n't budge even once after one of their many attacks on the democratic institutions of the republic of poland . 
  this is an example of a polish cultural value , not whatever mass produced hollywood rubbish a random american joe and his equivalent polish jan end up watching in their free time . 
  and i do n't think i can be called crazy in saying we 're much closer in that regard to the collectivist , authoritarian east than to the individualistic , democratic west . 
  not really , poles are much more radical . 
  elaborate then . 
  i do n't know what kind of poland do you live in where `` ordnung '' and being toned down are the norm . 
  i was just refering to the old testament story . 
  afaik creationism does n't have many supporters in poland . 
  not even polish catholics are that crazy . 
  this happens or at least used to happen in poland as well , including the `` carp in the bathtub '' part . 
  hard to say really . 
  many ( i 'd even say a majority ) of my close friends whom i known for years and who i thought were non-religious just like me later experienced `` a return to faith '' ( direct quote ) , or at least turned out to have a very religious upbringing . 
  perhaps not surprisingly many of those came from the most fucked up backgrounds , i.e. 
  alcoholic violent father or just straight up broken families . 
  and before you ask , no , the educational and economical background did n't matter in the slightest , as i know/knew both humanities and stem field students with and without highly educated parents who now live and breathe the catholic faith ... blogpost time - honestly , given my place of birth , i feel like i 've dodged the bullet several times . 
  first with my family being pretty much completely non-religious going two generations back , second being born in the relatively well off upper middle class , third with never having to deal with any painful family drama while growing up ( neither of my parents drink ) . 
  i think it 's a matter of the lack of contact and poor stereotypes generated by romanian gypsies who migrated here in xx century . 
  politically i believe we have a lot of shared interests , which thankfully our politicians ( both yours and mine ) were smart enough to notice ( eg . 
  the recent intra-nato cooperation ) besides , a person who thinks romania is a gypsy-run country is generally not worth anyone 's time . 
  we actually did have more than a couple of wars in the middle ages , mostly over slovakia . 
  damn , beat me to it . 
  imagine living in a country where people get phds while beliving earth was created in 7 days . 
  i do n't visit my country subreddits very often , but i can tell you that the polish - chan users took their shitposting into the next level and started very literally translating polish memes/names into english . 
  the confusion is just hilarious . 
  afaik it 's not considered illegal to download , only to distribute ? 
  hell if i remember . 
  either way i 'm thankful for its existance cause it means most of the polish video game fanbase ( and other poor countries as well ) stays contained in the pc gaming and mobage bubble . 
  for me it 's a mix of apathy and feeling of wasted opportunity . 
  but mostly the former . 
  definitely this , but it 's unigender now . 
  a kid 's favorite , not so much the parents who have to clean up the whole mess . 
  edit : [ how that day typically looks like ] ( https://youtu.be/mzndknlq8ym ), 
  [ w\u0142adys\u0142aw iv vasa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/w\u0142adys\u0142aw_iv_vasa ) getting extremely close to becoming the tsar of russia after polish-lithuanian conquest of russia in 1605-1618 . 
  the russian treasury even started making coins with the face of w\u0142adys\u0142aw in anticipation of his election . 
  did n't happen in the end because of w\u0142adys\u0142aw 's own father ( a crazy-ass catholic ) who went apeshit over the possibility of his son accepting the orthodox faith , which was the requirement of becoming a tsar . 
  hmm , we do n't currently have any rivals , friendly or not . 
  used to ( kinda ) be russia in the past , but the two countries have drifted away politically , especially post-1989 , so we do n't care about each other anymore . 
  no , a person born in country x identifies as a person of x nationality even if he/she is a first generation kid born outside of their parents country . 
  i had a friend in my uni who had german parents and german surname , and she clearly identified as polish . 
  ever since i returned from my first trip to america i honestly feel i do . 
  it would probably be pretty hard to understand for someone who never stepped out of our european bubble , but - things like common mannerisms , body language , day-to-day conversations , our understanding of patriotism , and even the little things like grocery shop assortment and layout , it does n't really matter where i am in the eu , i can * expect * these and many other things to be similar to what i can encounter at home . 
  in usa almost everything felt different , and as far as non-european countries go , they 're the country that 's probably the most similar to us . 
  i ca n't wait till i get the chance to visit one for the asian countries , i bet things are even weirder over there :p, 
   bitches should 've saw that coming , but i still kek 'd . 
  honestly ? 
  probably none . 
  i feel like poles are a bit too easily triggered by everything these days and the whole thing would end up being a huge mess . 
  and i 'm not sure many would want to join in with us due to rampant catholicism and it 's effect on our society . 
  yep , very convenient for big ( ger ) families . 
  albanians again ... ca n't say i 'm surprised but it 's a shame there is still so much hidden unrest in the region . 
  thanks for posting by the way , / r/europe had nothing on that matter and if it did , it was probably buried under dutch elections and their diplomatic row with turkey . 
  whenever there is nothing interesting ( eg . 
  football match , f1 , daily news coverage ) in the tv my father will always default to eurosport . 
  i enjoy watching it myself sometimes even though i 'm not much of a sports fan . 
  it helps that they also started airing ski jumping recently so i do n't have to turn on the dreaded polish public tv channel , 
  never understood the appeal . 
  war and everything related to it is serious buisness ( in a bad kind of way ) and i 'd rather avoid it altogether . 
  i suppose army worship mainly comes from people who find army/solidars/war `` badass '' ( so young boys ) , and from people who grew up in highly hierarchical enviroments and who were taught to respect the authority . 
  do n't forget polska a vs polska b , especially when election time comes up . 
  american accent is one of the most easily recognizable in polish , so yes there is a big difference . 
  since you already covered most of the obvious ones i 'm going to add one thats been personally irking me since i was very young - the prelevance of copying/stealing someone 's else ideas as a recipe for `` success '' . 
  it starts at elementary school level , where students cheat extensively at exams with little to no punishment and ends in one 's work life , where many find it easier to copy an idea that is proved to work in the west instead of taking risks that could potentially yield far higher profits . 
  a few days ago i had a conversation with my brother about running our own company , and his best idea for a buisness was to find something thats currently popular in the west and adapt it into polish realities .
