  facepalmed all the way through . 
  it 's often the smallest subreddits that end up being the least cancerous, 
  pretty common among the younger generation , just like in your country op . 
  still many people stick to `` normal '' smoking . 
  lol, 
  i 'm in accounting as well , but i ca n't see myself staying here for long , the company im working for is already moving most of its operations to india and firing most of its old polish staff . 
  guess even we got too `` expensive '' . 
   do you want to stay in the same career or move around ? 
  i 'm the type of a person that 's addicted to constantly experiencing new things so definitely the latter . 
   would your salary be significantly different in other countries ? 
  in the west ? 
  absolutely . 
  i hope i can work there someday , polish job market is incredibly toxic if you 're not in it . 
  no , i tried drinking it once because everyone told me it 's as good as mineral water now and i ended up with a stomach ache for a whole day : /, 
  fuck yeah , love me some grilled oscypek with cranberries, 
  seconded, 
  there is next to none regional identity in poland . 
  people who say otherwise are mostly role playing to fit in . 
  for me it 's poland --  europe i guess , but i do n't feel particularly strongly about either . 
  i 'd wait , but i know a lot of people would just pass through, 
  i remember i made the biggest progress in middle school ( which happened to be one of the best at teaching languages in warsaw ) . 
  we had english lessons every day of the week in relatively small groups , plus a seperate lesson with the native speaker . 
  the school also signed us up for the fce test for free . 
  daily contact through media and entertainment ( in my case video games ) also helped . 
  i still did n't feel comfortable using the language in speech/writing until i was an adult though . 
  now i have a similar problem learning german ... 
  i hope i 'll get over it eventually lol . 
  never heard of it . 
  those studies are generally useless since they rate the difficulty of learning x language from the pov of an english native speaker , which is silly when you consider that english speaking people are the least likely to learn a new language ... 
  i once known an ukrainian student from odessa who i had no idea was a foreigner until like 6 months into my college programme . 
  in other words , i think most foreigners in poland ( the little we get ) do make an effort to learn the language . 
  the only person i 've ever known who lived for a long time in poland * and * never learned the language was a british native speaker from my middle school ( gimnazjum ) . 
  halloween is often `` celebrated '' at college parties . 
  well , in poland the reformation does n't have nearly as many negative connotations as in western europe , primarily because we avoided most of the religious wars and religious tolerance was a law since 1573 . 
  i mentioned luther since i believe the social revolution he kickstarted had a tremendous effect on the future of western civilisation as a whole . 
  i was n't really aware of mozart being controversial , the austrians stuck his face on absolutely everything last time i was there lol, 
  fine then germany : martin luther france : napoleon netherlands : rembrandt united kingdom : charles darwin spain : salvador dali czech republic : alfons mucha austria : ~ ~ hit ~ ~ amadeus mozart italy : dante alighieri portugal : vasco da gama lithuania : ( trigger warning ) adam mickiewicz serbia/croatia : ( trigger warning # 2 ) nikolai tesla denmark : hans christian andersen sweden : richard bergh norway : edvard munch russia : piotr czajkowski ( pardon the polish spelling ) my art fascinated high school self totally isnt leaking here , i swear, 
  living or passed ? 
  best : most of western europe really . 
  then again my expectations arent particulary high to begin with . 
  worst : croatia , had some unpleasant experiences in bars and gas stations, 
  op suggested to start with the french revolution so i did . 
  the least eventful was probably the 1956-1968 era , after stalin 's death and when w\u0142adys\u0142aw gomu\u0142ka was the leader of the polish communist party . 
  as we say here in poland , `` the situation was poor , but stable '' . 
  2010s are quite a mixed bag , but more on a positive side all things considered . 
  honestly if not for pis and their quasi-communist shenanigans i 'd say it was the best decade in our recorded history yet ( the second being the 00 , and the third - 90s ) . 
  it recently became a meme due to an interview with one particulary backward memeber of the government . 
  i only know two personally ( my cousins ) . 
  regarding your second question , it 's seen as a lifestyle choice more than anything . 
  it 's seen as odd , but most critics shut up as soon as you start explaining the health benefits and such . 
  also , while not strictly vegetarian , there is a catholic tradition of not eating meat ( minus fish ) on fridays , which is relatively popular in poland . 
  one way ticket to western europe or usa together with my family . 
  my schools had neither . 
  only a red plate with the school 's name hanging on a wall , sometimes with the white eagle emblem above it . 
  myself i first learned about it from my university professor ( an expert linguist who speaks about 20 [ sic ] languages fluently , including romanian ) . 
  ( rough ) translation :  in the romanian language one can find many words of slavic origin , such as da ( yes ) , ceas ( hour ) , r\u0103zboi ( war ) , nevast\u0103 ( wife ) , duh ( ghost , spirit ) etc. 
  these words form about 14 % of the standard romanian vocabulary , although in xix century there used to be over 50 % [ words of this origin ] however , the english wikipedia seems to avoid the topic altogether ( i suppose it must be quite controversial ) . 
  take it with a grain of salt if you wish so . 
  humour . 
  just kidding , polish humour is terrible . 
  they had an in-deph language reform in xix century which replaced most slavic words ( which constituted about 50 % of the old romanian language ) with their latin equivalents and replaced the previously used cyrillic script with the latin script . 
  the only division used is 1 ) people who lived through communism 2 ) people who did n't, 
  probably the cases , despite my native language also having them . 
  double fatality being cases + articles , since the latter basically boils down to pure memorisation . 
  what i found is it 's actually very difficult to adjust the sentences `` on the fly '' without speaking the language natively , which is why i 'm grateful that the current lingua franca does n't use this system lol, 
  i liked the caesar one too . 
  it had a pretty awesome polish dub lol, 
  my bad , it 's so much more than just your old run of the mill far-right !, 
  they 're shameless constitution breaking scumbags that will hopefully be put before the state tribunal after their term ends . 
  ca n't wait to see macierewicz rot his last years away in prison . 
  classical liberal is conservative though ... ? 
  socially they 're also very much conservative . 
  during the last 8 years they did n't do jack shit to liberalize the abortion laws for example . 
  the only thing they really excelled at were foreign relations , as evidenced by tusk 's eu career . 
  on the official level - somewhat . 
  then again it varies greatly on the political party in question . 
  i got an impression that po ( our conservative right party ) was more careful to be pc towards our european allies than pis ( far-right ) , which is antagonistic towards pretty much everyone except usa . 
  on the informal level - nah , not even close . 
  hurr durr katyn , hurr durr cursed soliders , hurr durr grunwald and other assorted wewuzzery all day along . 
  i think the difference is most americans with polish ancestry ~ ~ are ashamed of ~ ~ do n't care about their polish heritage past , like , the 2nd generation max , so the polish-americans we interact with ( or polonia as we like to call them ) that still identify as such tend to speak fluent polish at very least . 
  i visited greenpoint in new york a couple of years ago , if it was n't for architecture i could swear i was still in poland lol, 
  i think this phrase best describes your condition https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uncanny_valley i personally found the american cultural quirks to be oddly refreshing compared to what i usually experience in poland . 
  i might be in minority when i say this , but i 'll take american `` fake '' friendliness over polish honest rudeness any day of the week . 
  is it even confirmed that guy is an american ? 
  i got the same feeling when i first went to the usa back in 2010 . 
  honestly , the funniest thing about that trip was discovering how wrong the people who scream about the `` americanisation '' of europe really are . 
  i 'm now convinced none of them ever actually stepped foot in that country . 
  oh , and it 's also now funny to talk with people who pretend to know everything about the american culture because they happened to watch a couple of american movie series on the internet or listen to some american music . 
  they 're exactly like the animu/manga weaboos everyone laughs at , except for usa . 
  edit : i now have a strong urge to recreate the american weaboo pasta in polish with the american context instead, 
  i heard from my brother who went to beijin that they also burp very loudly and that traffic rules basically do not apply here . 
  i love this with some bread and lemon . 
  definitely an acquired taste though . 
  oh and it 's called * n\u00f3\u017cki * in polish . 
  in far-rights mind ( american or otherwise ) poland is basically the white man 's paradise \u2122 and the last true bastion of the european culture \u2122 . 
  so yeah , they do fetishize the country a lot , but in a different kind of way than countries like sweden and germany . 
  it 's the same in polish , which is partly why this word became a meme . 
  well , that 's a new word for my vocab  thanks for correction . 
  flag waving in general is rather uncommon outside of nation-wide holidays like the independence day . 
  unless the polish translation is really sloppy - no .
