  i tend to stick to non-fiction though . 
  games - not my taste unfortunately , though i heard some of our recent stuff was met with warm reception i 'm not much into music and films so i wo n't comment on either . 
  actually it 's called wojak after a polish krautchan user who forced the meme on foreign imageboards . 
  the picture itself comes from the old vichan ( now defunct ) , where it was known as `` ciep\u0142a twarz '' . 
  cenzoduda is just a mutation of the old cenzopapa from a certain polish imageboard but yes , poland certainly is n't lacking in the meme department , though i got an impression that a lot of our memes are malicious or hateful in nature, 
  the term itself - maybe . 
  the economical and cultural division however was and still is very real . 
  east/west division in germany is much older than communism . 
  it was the original `` western europe / eastern europe '' border before the unification of germany happened . 
  i strongly disagree with the conclusion of this article . 
  the only thing that 's decidedly at ussr 's fault here is the bit about historical politics . 
  everything else poisoned the eastern european societies way before ussr was even a concept . 
  `` indifference to the results of labour '' is the result of prolonged serfdom , which in eastern europe lasted long until xix century . 
  the serf did n't care about the result of his work because - unlike the western farmer - he did n't work for himself and often was n't being paid for it ( or paid very , very poorly ) . 
  ussr really only expanded on this centuries old `` concept '' - instead of not paying anything no matter what kind of work you did , you got paid the same amount no matter of what kind of work you did . 
  `` lack of initiative and avoidance of taking any individual responsibility for anything '' - also the result of the above . 
  the serf was n't allowed to decide for himself ( his lord did ) . 
  and why would he need to initiate anything when the lord would n't listen to some dirty serf anyway ? 
  `` indifference to common property and petty theft from the workplace , both for personal use and for profit '' - mostly a result of catholic / orthodox culture actually , in which the individual is expected to be loyal to his own family first and foremost . 
  you can see similar things happening in many souther european countries like italy or greece . 
  western culture has been fetishized for centuries . 
  see russian tsar peter the great for one of the most famous examples . 
  `` obedience to or passive acceptance of everything that government imposes on them '' - serfdom `` a tendency to drink '' - ayy fucking lmao , the authors ca n't honestly believe that rampant alcoholism in the east was invented in xx century . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but in poland alcoholism became widespread after the introduction of the so-called `` propination law '' [ pl ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/propinacja ) [ en ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propination_laws ) which obliged the serf to buy a certain amount of vodka from his lord . 
  unfortunately , central-east europe has been in the shitter for much longer than some people would like to imagine . 
  the history lessons do n't really do a good job in educating the masses here . 
  i 'd say corruption in poland got pocketed to certain parts of the economy , where it stubbornly refuses to go away . 
  the top offenders seem to be public healthcare , army and the football association . 
   this , combined with ukraine 's large population , would have probably meant that russia would have had to generously subsidize ukraine after ukraine would have entered the eeu and this is where you 're wrong . 
  russia is not eu with its complex cohesion programmes . 
  ukraine would be kept in for strategical reasons , almost like a pet . 
  the population and economy would be left to rot . 
  then you did n't meet many tourists . 
  or at least not the ones from the east . 
  really ? 
  in my experience people will try to answer in polish unless communication is borderline impossible due to poor language skills of the other party . 
  then they 'll switch to english . 
  and if they do n't know english - gestures , 
  the impact has n't been that huge since majority of high paying , knowledge intensive jobs stayed in europe . 
  in that sense , america is more of a threat to the european economies ( at least the highly developed ones ) than asia ever was . 
  unfortunately , with poor demographics , less influence over the world affairs and worse geographical position i feel we 're fighting an uphill battle here . 
  i 'd say it 's the third most popular breakfast choice after eggs and sandwiches . 
  i never heard about any of the brands you 've listed though . 
  we have nestle stuff and some local polish produce here ( sante is great ) . 
  to be clear , i also include muesli and other `` healthy '' products under cereals . 
  triggered, 
  i 'd also add : udawa\u0107 greka - to play greek - pretend not to know what 's happening ruski rok - a russian year - a very long time ( the joke being that the russians use ( d ) the julian calendar , so certain events like christmas would happen later , making their year seem `` longer '' ) \u017bydzi\u0107 - to jew - i do n't think i need to explain that one lol, 
   poland is open i 'm scared to ask what 's the origin of that one ... 
  it 's actually called the french disease ( choroba francuska ) in poland . 
  there used to be a fairly popular insult `` ty franco !, 
  '' , which refers to someone suffering from the french disease . 
  it functioned more or less in the same way as calling someone `` cancer '' on the internet nowadays . 
  going to third that one, 
  it all greatly depends on the age , location ( urban vs rural ) , weather , person 's mood and more . 
  i 've experienced situations where poles small talk like nothing , and situations where we act like a bunch of anti-social shut-ins . 
  if i had to choose i 'd say the latter behaviour is more common though . 
  there is an unspoken rule that you do n't bother random people on streets unless you absolutely need to ( eg . 
  a tourist asking for directions ) . 
  drink - probably this [ sweet drink ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orangina ) from france food - i 'm partial to [ tiramisu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiramisu ), 
  the shitstorm on the internet would probably thrill me more than the actual unification process . 
  given that the `` two speed europe '' idea is dangerously close to becoming a reality , yes i 'd like to see poland join the eurozone . 
  any potential advantages to keeping our own currency would be totally offset if we became some kind of a second-rate member of the union . 
   given that an increasing number of people are calling themselves european do you have any sources for that ? 
  as i speak , the government structural and personal re-construction is the no . 
  1 topic . 
  the minister of finance is likely to be fired . 
  swearwords, 
  in poland i only heard arguments against the free movement in the context that we 're losing too many people to emigration to richer countries . 
  but generally speaking , free movement is seen as a good thing . 
  i 'd argue that [ biedronka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biedronka ) ( a polish-portugese discount chain similar to lidl ) is rather comparable to your wal-mart phenomenon . 
  since the prices are so low , the quality of products - dubious and the exteriors - kitschy ( [ it 's easily noticeable through it 's disgusting yellow walls ] ( https://www.wiadomoscihandlowe.pl/img/artykuly/2821_biedronka-dyskont-nie-dyskont_1.jpg ) ) , shopping there became a huge meme , like something only a stereotypically lower class person would do ( though obviously the middle class and above also shops there ) . 
  it does n't help that the word * biedronka * ( ladybird/ladybug ) sounds rather similar to the word * bieda * ( poverty ) , which is often abused in various jokes and parodies ( [ like this one ] ( http://img.sadistic.pl/pics/0aadb02bd2e7.jpg ) ) . 
  maybe it 's just me but i feel that populism got much worse with the proliferation of the internet . 
  never before has it been so easy for any random jackass on the planet to reach such huge masses of people in such a short time . 
  it 's closer to 20 now . 
  recent - electing pis overall - too many to chose from ... 
  this is n't what the term `` new europe '' means at all ... 
   its really only drunkards and angry folks around friends that say kurwa , g\u00f3wno and so on . 
  i take it you never had contact with people who work for the mass media ( newspapers , radio etc. ) . 
  these guys swear worse than a sailor on a very bad day . 
  kamil durczok 's famous `` tape '' about a dirty table could basically be considered a documentary about everyday work in mass media in poland and it would n't be an exaggeration , 
  knowing the stories from polish-belarusian border , if there is a difference it 's minimal at best . 
   is this in itself enough to explain for belarus 's three-fold advantage in nominal gdp per capita over ukraine ? 
  the only other potential difference-maker i can think of is bigger centralization of power among the belarusian elite . 
  well , my country ( poland ) is in a similar situation as yours . 
  actually , our government ( very conservative catholic one mind you ) recently agreed that poland will have to accept at least 5 million immigrants until 2050 . 
  ukraine/belarus alone will not be able to sustain such numbers , so we will likely see more asian immigrants ( including the brown skinned ones ) roaming our still homogenous streets soon . 
  honestly , while i do n't see immigration as a bad thing , multiculturalism should be discouraged imo . 
  integration should instead be encouraged at all times to minimize the risk of ghettoisation and potential conflicts with the host culture . 
  while that removes some of the fun side effects like the ethnic restaurants ( though not completely either ! ), 
  i believe it leads to happier societies overall . 
  to sum it up - yes , accept more immigrants in lithuania , but do n't slack on the integration efforts . 
  preferably avoid cultures that are proven to be resistant to integration . 
  i wo n't call them out by names but i 'm pretty sure everyone already knows who i 'm referring to . 
  a better question would be , why are n't russia , kazakhstan and belarus as poor as ukraine , given the close similarity of their cultures ? 
  and the answer is well known : * russia and kazakhstan have tons of natural resources ( oil , gas etc. ), 
  * belarusian economy is heavily propped up by russia ( 15 % of their gdp are russian subsides , i shit you not ) it 's going to be interesting to see what happens to these countries once europe moves away from fossil fuels ( eg . 
  by embracing electric cars ) . 
  either way it 's not going to be pretty . 
  i 'd add per\u0142a , kasztelan , \u017bubr and tatra to the mainstream ( ish ) ones .
