  i had a mix of polish and general european history ( they 're pretty much interwoven anyway ) in most of my history classes . 
  the result was that we never went very in-deph in either , as i only later found out . 
  we also barely touched upon ww2 since it would always fall at the very last week of the school semester so my knowledge on this topic is still piss poor . 
  we rarely ventured outside of europe , if we did it was mostly the near east/north africa ( ancient civilisations ) and north america ( maybe half a lesson dedicated to american independence movement ) . 
  i can relate to this . 
  even though i disagree with some of my parent 's worldviews , i acknowledge that they ( and their generation ) had enough foresight to push the country in the right direction when the time has come . 
  come to think of it , the late 80ties and beyond born people did n't experience any `` generation-defining '' moments like the fall of communism was for my parents . 
  the last ~ 25 years were very peaceful which is a pretty impressive feat considering its fucking poland . 
  it 's a popular theme for mid-autumn college student parties . 
  there are also quite a lot of people making the jack-o ' - lanterns because pumpkins are a fairly popular seasonal fruit in poland . 
   he was born in france , had the french citizenship , spoke french and corsican and shared the french values , he is french . 
  i hope you realize that view is a fairly recent development , and certainly did n't apply to the times curie and chopin were living in . 
  the anti-polish sentiment in xix century france ( and really , almost everywhere else outside of eastern europe ) was sky high . 
  americans did n't even consider us white at the time . 
   in one bulgarian website try looking for actual sources next time, 
  depends on the country . 
  i think czechs are mostly anti-eu . 
  poland and hungary are pro despite their recent governments . 
  the wage gap thing was more of a `` by the way '' kind of comment , i know the difference is actually smaller in ( most ) ex-commie countries . 
  regarding out of wedlock births , i guess i let my polish bias affect me here since having children without marrige is still looked down upon in poland . 
  this shows in the stats since slovenian birth rate is about 1,6 while polish - less than 1,3 ( one of the lowest in the world ) . 
  this is just one of the factors though , as i said i predict the comprehensive state help ( nurseries , infant schools ) will become important in the close future . 
  what i meant is that it must become more socially acceptable for woman to have children outside of wedlock , and for woman to be able to work full-time while having a kid . 
  in france/scandinavia the total percentage of children born out of wedlock is about 50 % , in the countries i mentioned it 's less than 30 % . 
  similarly woman employment rates ( compared to men ) are approaching 90 % in france/scandinavia , and only about 75 % everywhere else ( because the society expects them to stay at home while having children , which negatively impacts both the economy * and * the birthrates ) . 
  the latter also partially leads to the now infamous wage gap between men and women . 
  what kind of business does a montenegrin mafia have in serbia ? 
  interesting . 
  a similar thing happened a few years ago in poland , where some maniac parked a van full of home-made explosives not too far from the polish parliament . 
  he was snatched by our intelligence service before anything terrible could happen . 
  since it 's becoming obvious that current governance model is slowly running its course , i can see the european union either shrinking or being replaced by something else entirely , be it a dual-speed europe , a full federation or even a couple of smaller unions . 
  demography will continue to be a challenge . 
  i can see the european welfare states investing into a new public service based on a highly succesful french/scandinavian model , where the state would basically take care of the kid for most of the workday . 
  the social norms regarding family life and working woman must further liberalise if countries like germany , italy and basically all central-east europe wish to achieve sustainable birthrates . 
  while europe is already leading in pro-enviromental policies , i can see some further steps being taken , especially in regards to popularizing the idea on the other continents ( looking at you , china and usa ) . 
  i hope i do n't get to live to see a time where countries like the netherlands will have completely sunk under the sea . 
  currently playing rune factory 4 . 
  it is actually the first game in the series i really got into and i 'm loving the sheer amount of content it offers . 
  too bad the devs went under some two years ago . 
  on the side i 'm also occasionally playing puzzle and dragons , trying to fight the urge to go full whale on the next player 's choice godfest . 
  excited for ... pokemon sun and moon i guess , though i found the recent generations to be somewhat of a disappointment . 
  another game i 'd like to play is rhythm heaven megamix , which came out only recently in europe . 
  really loved the demo . 
  not a lot surprisingly enough , even though we were the biggest victim of the whole war . 
  ww2-based arguments started fading out somewhere in the late 90ties , possibly because people could finally watch something other than ww2 documentaries and commie propaganda on their tvs . 
  even the katyn massacre , for the lack of the better words , `` went out of style '' in favour of the smolensk plane crash ( 2010 , lots of important political and cultural figures died including the polish president ) . 
  alt-right prefers accusing the west of turning us into a neo-colony of their corporations nowadays . 
  you pretty much never hear about it . 
  i only learned about the website by accident because it 's 4chan 's favorite boogeyman for absolutely everything . 
  op said visit , not move and settle permamently, 
  i do n't think there is any european country i 'd never visit out of principle . 
  i fear it would open a can of worms when it comes to the geographic reach of the union so i do n't think i would be in favour of it . 
  i was just shitposting ... well , to an extent :p i like your distinction between the ( socially ) liberal youth and conservative youth . 
  i think that that clash is a bit more pronounced than the old vs young divide . 
  we rarely name any particular country , but it 's pretty much always assumed to be * some * eu/schengen country , seeing as we 're allowed to move around the union 100 % freely . 
  countries that are n't in the eu are generally either not worth settling in ( the rest of ee ) or are too much of a pain in the arse to move to ( usa , canada ) . 
  let 's see  old : religious , nationalistic retards  young : religious , nationalistic retards , sometimes aggressive to boot ( see : madrid yesterday ) not that big . 
  opposing dumb laws is one thing , being religious is another . 
  a bit like toffie i guess , except more solid . 
  so solid in fact , your jaw hurts if you try to chew them too quickly before they warm up in your mouth !, 
  but i love them nonetheless . 
  and they 're only sold on all-saints day ( since we dont really celebrate halloween here ) . 
  american sweets are disgusting in general . 
  i remember when i went for the first time to usa , and i bought a big packet of rather expensive candies . 
  had to throw away the whole thing after two tries because it was only barely above inedible : /, 
  never seen it . 
  in my city we eat [ these ] ( http://www.smakizycia.pl/upload/14f59a1382a869f3ac3e35c2dce7f3b1_normal.jpg ) instead . 
  nothing stands out in particular , though i sometimes get an impression when talking with american redditors that poland 's history actually begun in late xviii when it was immidately partitioned . 
  floods ( in the south ) and tornados ( in the north ), 
  nah , i do n't think it 's that bad yet . 
  i feel internet and it 's assorted circlejerks do n't really give an accurate picture of the reality here . 
  lots of young poles voted for nationalist parties , yes , but an usually high number ( compared to other age groups ) also voted for leftist razem . 
  that 's not to mention the elephant in the room , which is youth emigration . 
  in one of the polls over 85 % expressed the willingness to leave the country , which would suggest that the whole nationalist charade is really mostly just posturing and push comes to shove polish youth would rather go for the rational choice instead . 
  personal anecdote time , during my student years ( uw + lots of close friends from pw ) i met only one person who held nationalist views ( she was female interestingly enough ) . 
  and the two np/korwin supporters i got to know were both 15 years old lol, 
  are you somehow implying that the lack of social segragation is a bad thing ? 
  what ? 
  about half of it is fairly liberal in terms of homosexual rights , drug laws and the like , the other half are basically mini-hitlers , way more conservative than their parents . 
  what did n't change ( or changed very little ) is religion . 
  lots of religious folks even in my ( 90s born ) generation . 
  the only language i find ugly ( chinese ) is non-european . 
  european languages range from neutral at worst to beautiful at best . 
  i barely identify with either . 
  nationalism ( be it ethnic or european ) is just not my cup of tea really . 
  i usually do n't need to speak anything other than polish in 99 % of day-to-day situations . 
  i obviously use english on foreign internet websites such as reddit . 
  i also occasionally use german since i 'm still trying to learn it . 
  no and i see no reason to be . 
  i know , that why i called the people doing this `` meme lords '' . 
  i remember when most people i talked to on the internet used to consider poland and the like not western . 
  then the witcher came out , which people ( correctly ) branded as a `` western rpg '' . 
  on an occasion some meme lord would jump out of the woodworks and say `` but poland is not western ! '', 
  after which everyone would jump on the guy and tell him to sftu . 
  funny how quickly things can change over random stuff like video games ... 
  no and never had . 
  my grandparents from my mother 's side do though , plus a wooden carving of the last supper . 
  edit : typo, 
  i 'd argue that panbuk goes somewhere between 1st and 2nd . 
  books - cant complain .
