  what happens if the state ca n't pay its employees ? 
  these creditors took these loans on out of political reasons . 
  the greek debt is mostly held by other european states at this point . 
  greece has n't emitted normal bonds in years simply because nobody would want to buy them . 
  these loans are also with an interest extremely low . 
  a 3.6 % loan to a country that would have to pay 20 % + on the free market if they could even get someone to loan them is essentially charity . 
  you support the finnish taxpayer simplay paying for the disastrous policies of past greek governments without anything in return ? 
  what makes you think that the scenario will not just repeat ? 
  why should countries like spain or portugal would even be interested in keeping fiscal discipline if the rest of the ez just comes in and pays when they take on too much ? 
  100 bn euro of course is not nothing . 
  but it is also not that big of a sum for germany . 
  the german government could have spent and additional 100 bn $ in 2016 and would have still fallen within the 3 % defitcit limit of the maastricht treaty or only barely exceeded it . 
  that sum is not the problem . 
  the problem is the political implications . 
  the issue is that you ca n't afford greece some relief and then not grant it to spain , portugal or ireland or even italy or france and at that point it would be too much too handle . 
  defaulting means you ca n't pay your debt though and if you cant pay debt hat si most likely du to not having money , because if you had moneyyou would not default . 
  because generally you need to pay for imports . 
  if you have no money you subsequently get no imports . 
  so he is not pro putin , just stands for russia friendly policy ? 
  where is the difference onthat ? 
  do you think greece would be better off without any sort of imports ? 
  hospitals without any medication ? 
  that has already happened multiple times though, 
  le pen - melenchon seems a lot more dreadful . 
  you 'd get an extremist any way . 
  which lis only one of i think 6 realistic scenarios . 
  the most likely for sure , but i would n't even give it a 50 % chance . 
  why ? 
  he is making political comedy . 
  that is never objective and never tellilng the whole story . 
  he also never claims to do that . 
  if i watch political comedy in germany i will also get a one sided view in general . 
  his show is not supposed to be funny for everyone . 
  it can not be by definition . 
  it is very much targeted at a liberal audience and it is catering to that and reinforcing these views . 
  it has also massively cut unemployment , which was the primary reason for these reforms a weak currency is also supressing imports simply because imports get more expensive . 
  it was france that wanted this structure of the euro so much though . 
  it was france that forced germany into the euro . 
  it was france that wanted a weaker german currency . 
  france can of course call germany out for issues within germany 's control . 
  germany does not have control about ecb policy and the euro exchange rate , which this is fundamentally about . 
  and still germany in the past has always tried to maintain a strong currency and all of the biggest critics of the ecbs policy are coming from germany . 
  a stronger currency and higher interest rates would be better for germany but that is just unpalatable to the south . 
  at the level these polls are right now any two of macron , lepen , fillon and melenchon could make it . 
  they are all close enough that no pairing is completely unrealistic even fillon vs melenchon is not something i would completely rule out . 
   what happens if it is ( far ) left vs ( far ) right in the second round ? 
  the euro will tank . 
  what alternative is there for socially conservatives ? 
  the fn ? 
  those people will remember jean-marie le pen all too well . 
   what is not fair , is to ignore that we have a dysfunctional system where weaker ez economies are going to get screwed over either way . 
  and gladly we are not having such a system . 
  what we have seen though is weaker ez economies not take the advantages they gained and properly utilized them . 
  instead of measuring new debt when it became cheaper they compltely overlent which left them little space when the banking crisis hit . 
   the problems with the construction of the euro are n't new or obscure . 
  a common currency needs to come with a big budget , fiscal union and common debt . 
  a lot of what is described as problems with the construction of the euro were in fact features . 
  one of the goals of the euro was to not have such a strong deutsche mark . 
  and not a german goal . 
  a french goal . 
  and all of these issues were also clear when germany was forced to become part of the eurozone . 
  the euro fundamentally is a french project , not a german project . 
  germany joining the euro was a requirement for french consent to reunification though . 
  but that already goes against the notion that the ez only benefits germany . 
  low interest rates on bonds for example was nothing new in germany . 
  the goods germany is exporting are not even what these other countries are exporting . 
  and even if that were an issue that would not be new at all . 
  there has been competition between german and french companies for a long time . 
  i am not denying that the ecb measures are needed . 
  the german trde surplus balooning is a consequence of that policy though and while it is fair to critize that surplus it is not fair to do this while completely ignoring the ecb 's role in this . 
  and just having the germans pay for it , which is essentially what eurobonds are , is not an acceptable solution . 
  well definitely too close to call at this point . 
  i am dreading le pen vs melenchon . 
  it is at the point where it is overstretching for us . 
  it would be better in my oppinion if more of that trade would end up in the pockets of the average german and not in foreign debt . 
  he is not wrong , but he is also ignoring that the ecbs policy leading to this is in large parts due to countries like france . 
  for germany a igher exchange rate and subsequently a lower export surplus would certainly be healthier, 
  right , but germany does not have the tools to create the rise in exchnage rate that would usually be the natural effect of such an excessive surplus . 
  the ecb is actively working against a higher euro exchange rate . 
  a higher exchange rate would do much more for your average german than the current one . 
  a low exchange rates and soaring exports only really helps you if you find employment due to that . 
  but unemployment already is ridiculous low . 
  in my home county we are below 2 % unemployment and that simply is not healthy either . 
  if these countries were wishing for a weaker euro than they should stop attacking germany for its trade surplus though . 
  it is that low exchange rate that is leading to that and we have had enough german politicians calling out that this is not healthy for germany . 
   where there is surplus there is always a deficit but that deficit is not within the eurozone . 
  in fact germany 's trade surplus is almost exclusively with countries outside the ez . 
  we have also seen political reforms in the early 2000s that made germany 's economy significantly more resilient . 
  reforms that might not have been popular but certainly were necessary , reforms france for example also pledged to implement but never did . 
  we should also not forget that this suppression of the euro 's value is done in large parts for the southern economies and against germany . 
  it is fueling a housing bubble here in germnay , it is attacking the savings of the small people . 
  then why are we seeing countries like france or spain outperform germany in terms of gdp growth and even a country like italy being on parity with germany since the introduction of the euro ? 
  spain in particular exploded in terms of gdp after the introduction of the euro especially compared to the stagnation in the decade before . 
  it got rid of the excessive inflation of these countries , it has made their currencies a lot more stable . 
  it lead to a massive cut in interest rates on these countries bonds . 
  he is also just ignoring the reasoning for this . 
  he should also point the finger at the ecb here who is also responsible in large parts for the german trade surplus balooning . 
  the ecb has forced the euro exchange rate down , which in return leads to soaring exports . 
  the normal reaction to a large sacle euro area trade surplus that we are seeing would be the euro appreciating in value , which in return would have shrunk the trade surplus . 
  this mechanism was overruled by the ecb though .
