  it basically is another safety valve, 
  and gladly those kind of nutters are a tiny minority, 
  basically the judges decide upon what they deem sensible . 
  law in germany doesnt work by the letter, 
  see the current monetary policy of the ecb is hurting germany aswell , but still why should germans pay for reckless actions of governments they have no poer over ? 
  so then that unpopular solution is dissolving the eurozone because it is bound to fail ? 
  or exclude weaker members ? 
  also people are not all that angry at our government . 
  they are angry at the greek government for utterly failing to handle the crisis . 
  seriously why should german tax payers pay for greek fuck ups, 
  which is what happened before and it apparently did not help . 
  the only thing that wasnt done was a nominal cut . 
  the eurozone should have never expanded that far . 
  it feels like a highly overambitious project, 
  yes but the loans wont be paid back and as such the money is gone for the lenders regardless of what was paid with it for . 
  it does not matter at all what i understand . 
  what matters is the domestic political reaction to the request for another greek bailout . 
  even for the last bailout there were a lot of people in the governing coalition not voting for it and with the general population moving more towards the political right i only see that problem increasing . 
  i just do n't see the government parties basicalyl commiting political suicide . 
  also how in hell is it a good idea to loan even more money to a country that most likely wo n't pay it back anyways instead of just cutting your losses ? 
  those billions germany granted just are gone . 
  a french court has authority in france but not in the us for example . 
  this all os of course a bit of an unclear line here with multinationals i. the internet but that is how i see it, 
  i highly doubt granting another bailout is politically viable in germany . 
  people dont like the state pouring money into a bottomless hole, 
  so basically forcing greece to leave the eurozone ? 
  there wo n't be anohter bailout . 
  forcing which result ? 
  no as far as i got it he called what happened after the election including neutering the constitiunal trial a coup, 
  because article 5 of the german constitution grants artistic freedom and usually as a rule of thumb the articles with lower numbers trump the higher up ones, 
  that is just not true . 
  i know and i can only argue from my point of view and there is also a lot of grayscale here . 
  see i think it is morally right to refuse to comply where humans are endangered . 
  the issue is that while these may be noble reasons to not comply with a law to make it hard for states to enforce them , ultimately when you operate in a country you agree to respect their laws . 
  no if these laws should be there is surely debatable but it is not facebook or googles responsibility to do that . 
  i can agree that there are regulations and laws that one should fight that also companies should fight , but i do n't like that multinationals should be exempt from laws . 
  also as you probably know all these things also happened in my country and i agree that it is right to fight under these circumstances , but i do n't think that companies or private people have the authority to stand above the law because they deem them morally wrong . 
  because it favours smaller countries ? 
  because an estonian or romanian vote is worth more than a german or a french vote ? 
  i think google should fight that in court and not comply until the courts decide , but yes if the courts comply then google has to comply as much as you or me do not like that , but laws do n't simply stop to apply because we do not like them, 
  absolutely and also keep in mind that this is only for removing these posts and not necessarily prosecuting them . 
  it is just ridiculous how fast facebook removes a nipple but if there is hate speech they do n't move . 
  and facebook.de just is subject to german law and i am not aware that the german government is trying to go after global facebook, 
  i think that a company should be subject to a countries law , they are operating in . 
  that includes laws like tax laws , but it also includes laws against hate speech . 
  so because i do n't do it via a turkish company it is not illegal ? 
  i get why you do n't like these laws but why should multinationals be exempt ? 
  do you also think that facebook should also not pay taxes in turkey for example ? 
  that is absolutely not true . 
  what the german government asked of facebook though is to adhere to german law and that requires that inciting violence ca n't be there for example . 
  you can freely be against refugees or mass immigration on facebook . 
  but really why should multinational companies be exempt from national law ? 
  no not really . 
  and that is because why ? 
  but even after accounting for voting threshhold the other parties that got into parliament combined still have a higher voter share than pis, 
  but would n't that still leave the rest of the parties with a higher percentage of popular vote combined than pis ? 
  the way i add it up the opposition earned well over 40 % of votes and pis still has a majority in parliament with 37 % ? 
  a drop of 4 % while still being by far the most powerful party . 
  also a that point no party was able to form a stable coalition ... 
  i mean i have seen people call angela merkel far left seriously . 
  who in germany is scared of poland ? 
  why should somebody in germany be scared of poland ? 
  poland is not nearly as relevant to germany as germany is apparently to poland . 
  honestly , i 'd rather not have the rest of the balkans join, 
  just to understand it at least : how did pis get 51 % of th seats with only 37 % of the votes ? 
  also why is the united left wihout seats even with 7.5 % of the voter share ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_july_1932 for example ? 
  that is almost exactly as much votes as pis got last year in poland ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_parliamentary_election,_2015 ) . 
  the main difference probably is that the nazis got 37 % of the seats with 37 % of the votes while pis got 51 % of the seats with 37 % of the votes . 
  the issue is that especially monetary policy required for different states just differs . 
  the current interest policy by the ecb is utter lunacy for germany , while it is required for the stumbling economies in the south . 
  ramstein is the air base . 
  rammstein is the band , named after the air base . 
  well radio stations are also free to play whatever they want just like after the tsunami of 2005 radio stations stopped playing `` die perfekte welle '' - `` the perfect wave '', 
  those are the numbers of people that left germany after they were formerly here on asylum, 
  germany is really not a place where it is easy to et to stay permanently if you flee too . 
  sometimes those deportation laws are arguably even applied too harshly . 
  they tend to send people back that would be unnecessary to send back . 
  yes it should be , but it is just cheaper to just pay people to leave and go back home than it is to go through with harsher measures . 
  sometimes the stick is the only way , but if using a carrot is cheaper and more pleasant for everyone why not do this ? 
  how is telling people that you granted refuge from war to go back once the war they fled is over naive and short sighted ? 
  it seems like the only sensible thing to do ? 
  why are there so much more people fleeing from the yugoslav wars still in sweden than in germany even if significantly more came to germany ? 
  and from those more than 90 % were sent back after the war is over . 
  no of course not , but when their home country is reasonably safe again you send them back . 
  you give them some money so they can start again and then they ahve to leave . 
  just like it happened after the yugoslav wars . 
   same as the eurozone `` how about we have a common currency regime but no common fiscal policy . '', 
  the issue is already running deeper because different countries need vastly differing fiscal policy and you ca n't really have a transfer union with the regions differing in wealth so drastically at least not without complete backing by the population . 
  not in germany !, 
  pretty much nobody here blames the eu for stuff . 
  the only thing people blame the eu or rather the ecb for is the interest policy which really sucks for germany . 
  honestly i am not sure what the right decision is for the government . 
  on the one hand i do n't like the federal government involved in the legal system , but on the other hand i would like a strong response against erdogan . 
  i do n't see a request of the german government mentioned in that article just that the bundesanwaltschaft is investigating on request of a man from aargau and not a request from the german government . 
  as far as i can see it the swiss law does n't require that reqest . 
  nobody will be put in jail over this in germany . 
  also a lot of countries have laws like this just that these are usually not enforced in western europe, 
  but even if i doubt german courts would find b\u00f6hmermann guilty, 
  honestly i doubt merkel would give a fuck .
