  apprenticeships in germany are very common . 
  the most recent numbers i found were from 2000 so expect it to be a bit higher on the academia site , but in 2000 69 % of working population did an apprenticeship and 17 % went to university . 
  by now this is probably like 60-25 . 
  these vocational schools also exist in germany to some extent , but not for every trade , and would be lumped in under apprenticeships . 
  interesting . 
  nurse to me is one of the typical apprenticeship jobs over here which is why it came to my mind . 
  actually i would think that most nurses wo n't have abitur , but rather do it after mittlere reife ( comparable to a junior certificate in ireland ) or can you go to university in ireland with a junior certificate ? 
  better in what way ? 
  i do n't think it is a bad thing that the rate of people going to university is lower . 
  you ca n't have a society of mathmaticians , historians and lawyers , you also need plumbers , mechanics , nurses , bakers , butchers and chefs . 
  just because you do n't learn that at a university does n't make it any less of an education and a lot more people here do apprenticeships than university . 
  basically what you do is you go to a company and work there at part and you have a part school . 
  during this time you earn some money ( less than you earn after you finished your apprenticeship obv ) and once you finished you get a certificate as a journeyman in your craft or trade now . 
  the report on 2016 by the oecd seems to be paywalled so here the report for 2014 : www.oecd.org/edu/education-at-a-glance-2014.pdf ( pdf warning ! ) . 
  i guess saying well below oecd average is an overstatement , but nevertheless germany is below oecd average regarding tertiary education, 
  yes doing an apprenticeship is the norm in germany , not going to university . 
  and yes you can make that amount of money gross straight out of the apprenticeship , but that is not like a huge salary in germany . 
  youth employment is very low in germany though at 5.7 % . 
  germany in absolute numbers will have one of the highest if not the highest number of university students in the eu . 
  that is by virtue of being the largest state . 
  yet the share of people with university degrees is well below oecd average in germany . 
  still an overwhelming majority of germans does an apprenticeship rather than go to university, 
  i kinda dout it considering germany has a pretty low rate of people going to university and germany is # 1, 
  the point of the eu was to improve relations between the states of europe to make confrontations like we had seen before in ww1 and ww2 impossible starting with ecsc in 1951 . 
  yes it was done through trade , but the goal was ultimately to unify europe, 
  sorry , but that is just wrong, 
  so you want to abolish the single market aswell ? 
  because as long as that is in place an fta with one state would be an fta with all, 
  the eu is far more than just a free trade bloc . 
  it is a political project primarily, 
  not just in europe , just look at the american presidential election and trump in particular . 
  yes of course i am . 
  an institution that was founded in germany directly after the war will almost inevitably have been closely tied to former nazis and the americans . 
  no europe is not fucked , but i feel like a lot of the opposition comes from people like that guy with a lot of scaring and very little actual arguments . 
  i am open to arguments why ceta is bad , but just saying it is bad because it is bad is not an argument, 
  you also find ties to the wehrmacht !, 
  how would that work in detail ? 
  and how the fuck do `` us interests '' influence our healthcare laws through ceta ? 
  that is not an argument . 
  you just repeated what you said before . 
  i asked you why that is the case in your oppinion, 
  where do you see a connection between medicine prices going up and ceta here ? 
  if anything should n't medicine become cheaper with more competition ? 
  and why exactly is that if you mind ? 
  what ? 
  so your medicine was cheaper in spain and you want ceta to die for that !, 
  the thing is there is at least some truth to that a lot of organized crime comes from eastern europe , that the second largest group of foreign suspects in germany is romanians ( with turkey being the largest , but there are also a lot more turkish citizens than romanian citizens in germany ), 
   total blackout , zero transparency what ? 
  you can literally read ceta at this very moment . 
  maybe you and me do n't understand it but the text of the agreement is public, 
  why should that change ? 
  i honestly doubt that you pay more for prescriptions in canada than i do in germany ( considering i do n't pay anything and if i pay something it is < 10 $ ), 
  actually belgian royalty is already a german house, 
  so a treaty gets voted on . 
  it gets rejected . 
  you change it and now it passes the vote . 
  how is that undemocratic and dysfunctional ? 
  is n't that what it is supposed to be ? 
  actually the majority of europe lives in the larger countries . 
  more than 50 % of the eu population live in the big 4 ( germany , france , uk , italy ) alone, 
  well , but if their parents and they do n't mind why is this a problem ? 
  people just have close bonds with their families . 
  a buddy of mine is saving up to do his meister ( a concept that does not really translate well to english because it does n't really exist in english speaking countries apparently ), 
  well if i want to go to university that 's what i got ta do . 
  commuting 45 min + every day is not even cheaper anyways . 
  i would have also expected germany to be higher , but i guess a lot of people not going to uni just do n't move out early . 
  i guess that is also higher than it actually is from people registered at their parents house not living there though . 
  actually i think most people i know that still live with their parents in their 20s do so because it is more convenient and cheaper than renting your own place . 
  actually i am pretty sure all my friends living at home could afford their own small flats with their salaries if they really watned to . 
   no parent would ever dream of charging their sons and daughters for staying in their own home . 
  that 'd be considered ridiculous behaviour i guess it depends . 
  contributing something once you earn a solid income yourself seems very reasonable to me . 
  this also kinda depends how much money the family has . 
  a buddy of mine paid some money when he did his apprenticeship to pool for rent because his mom just did n't have that much money to easily afford everything ( and he did earn his own money at this point ), 
  the issue is exactly that ceta is not solely a trade agreement . 
  if that were the case you would n't need approval of indidual member states, 
  you can enforce it you go to very draconian measures to enforce it, 
  this is made up . 
  if you allow this you will truly end up with scenarios where several million people will apply for asylum . 
  one hurdle against having too many people come here is that it is not that easy/cheap to get to europe . 
  i really do not see a reason to end this . 
  you 'd also need vast amounts of additional personel at embassises, 
  i do n't think this is thinking that far into the future . 
  nato could crumble a lot faster especially with a president trump in the us and we could see a russo-turkish alliance as a scenario possibly threatening eastern and south eastern europe . 
  why ? 
  a russian attack on germany would almost definitely not stop in germany and continue on into france whih is why i think it would only be natural that france would fight along with us . 
  that highly depends on what kind of attack russia is launching . 
  in case of a conventional attack i could see french nukes being launched once poland falls . 
  in general i think what would happen is that russia is most likely going to stop at the german border also because crossing there would almost definitely to other european nuclear power making use of these . 
  in general in such a scenario i would definitely rely on the french on fihgting with us simply because any attack on germany will also almot definitely also be an attack on france afterwards, 
  i am pretty sure they denied black americans the right to vote . 
  white africans had the right to vote, 
  i do not agree with this . 
  i think symbols of hate , symbols to spread hate like the isis flag or the flag of nazi germany should be banned . 
  it is very hard to be against something for a large political party when it has extremely widespread support in the general populace, 
  with the greens i always feel like i like the part of the party with kretschmann and \u00d6zdemir while despising people like hofreiter ( or rather heavily disagreeing with them ) . 
  they seem very far apart politically considering they are in the same party, 
  where does it go through danish waters ? 
  does n't it finish in greifswald well east of denmark ? 
  russia and the soviet union before have been very stable , reliable gas supplicants though and russia has some of the largest reserves in the world .
