  well overall it seems like a high risk high reward scenario, 
  it just seems obscenely risky because if someone ever found out greece would immediately loose all the trust the might have built up, 
  yeah probably calling it a colony is not politically correct . 
  it is just what i associate it with because it is not mainland france . 
  i did n't mean to be insulting or to offend you , 
  yeah but i guess you can see why i would n't identify these territories as france even tho they are undoubtedly part of the french state . 
  just a case on what you distinguish on . 
  so it is a colony that just got fully annexed and integrated into the french state ? 
  really i can tell you that this is something i value very highly . 
  i think pragmatism is just extremely important on the highest level of politics . 
  i also do n't think she is particularly beloved , she is a fine leader . 
  she got high approval . 
  what worries you so much if i may ask ? 
  i personally just feel she is navigating germany on a fairly safe course over all and is making fairly decent politics . 
  at least it could be a lot worse . 
  yeah that was mostly a historic snapback . 
  i grew up in an area that could have been soviet occupied but ended up in the american zone, 
  yes germany was an outlier and this post is about an outlier . 
  also germany is arguably one of the most powerful state in europe at the moment . 
  also there is a massive difference in that statistic if you split it into former west and east germany . 
  i think those words speak of somebody that has his oppinions against full equality , but those do n't sound fanatic or anything just an oppinion and i think it would be time to overcome it . 
  i also do n't like calling her `` mutti '' but i think that is satire in pretty much every instance anyways . 
  when has germany last prided itself in standing for freedom ? 
  germans do n't want war . 
  we had some really bad experiences with war throughout the 20th history . 
  maybe you heard of world war i , world war ii or the cold war ? 
  war and the military are extremely unpopular in germany ( the same applies to japan by the way ) . 
  on the other side it seems stupid to assume that germany wo n't honour its nato commitments . 
  there may be big resentments against nato ( unsuprisingly this is way higher in former east germany ) in the population , but i am pretty sure that the politicians will act sensible in that vein because it just would be fucking retarded not to honour these agreements even without looking at how fucking important nato was for germany . 
  i honestly doubt there is another country that has benefited more of nato than ( west ) germany . 
  because it does n't agree with your view of the world ? 
  to be fair i much rather take american freedom than the soviet alternative ... 
  well but neither germany nor the eu has prided themselves as standing for freedom particlarly . 
  well if you only have 2 choices that you both do n't like what are you supposed to do ? 
  that is a result of the pretty fucked up election system in america imo, 
  yeah but guadeloupe is a french colony only ... not mainland france, 
  i think the problem that some of the people that are most against it ( i do n't actually now about mrs. merkel 's personal views ) are very high up in power and stifle the progress . 
  i mean even in the cdu you would get a majority for gay marriage but it is the people in power that are against it, 
  driving right through france , 
   then change the narrative . 
  war is peace after all . 
  but how do you change it and why would you want to change it ? 
  military spending is money you ca n't spend otherwise and then your political opponents will attack you for this immediately and they have support for this in the general population . 
  also i do n't see how the concept of war is peace ( according to orwell ) matters here or do you propose a state akin to the cold war where you propagate that gearing up militarily to face a foe like the soviet union ? 
  do you seriously suggest to supress the opinion of the population of a country or to use political propaganda to twist it for the political goal of getting rid of american dominance ? 
   i 'm not suggesting that you open fire on them either . 
  i 'm suggesting you build up your forces and secure your borders and that of your neighbors so the us is n't needed and thus can be told to go home . 
  but realistically no country can field an army strong enough to even compare to the us 's one . 
  this would also require to build a stronger nuclear deterrent and it would only open up a possible scenario where the us and europe do not stand together in my oppinion . 
  it also is a massive financial endavour and one that will be really unpopular so there will be no political will for it . 
   the nsa did not just spy on other agencies . 
  they literally decided to spy on everyone who uses the internet . 
  yes they did/do . 
  the question is what do they do with the information because this touches orwellian states . 
  this would need to be stopped , but the thing is that is something the us have to stop themselves . 
  we just do n't have control over the intelligence agencies of a foreign country . 
   you really do n't need to do the whole anti-american rhetoric thing , you just need to stress the importance of a country being able to protect itself , or look towards working with neighboring nations for a joint force to do the job . 
  see beating up on the military is pretty popular over here so the only things you can justify increased military spending is because of exterior threat or because you want to get rid of america . 
  if you want to increase the military because you want to be independent of america that is directly against america . 
  people just really do n't like the military or war over here . 
   seriously though , it is not about forcing a response from the us , it is about making them lose their grasp on the world . 
  they 'll notice it when enough starts going their own way and not listening to them . 
  and you wo n't be able to loosen their power without a conflict . 
  the thing is europe just depends on america for safety for themost part and it doesnt seem very sensible to fight them openly to me . 
  it is not like we suffer major damage from them . 
  also intelligence services will spy on each other . 
  they are there to spy , that 's their fucking job, 
  again i think work for european unity is important but it is unrealistic to get close to a politic unity anytime soon , people just have too different takes on what is good . 
  how do you want to make yourself independent of us troops ? 
  you can not do that without massive anti american rhetoric and people then have to decide if they hate the us or the military more . 
  this just seems like a very good way to destabilize european safety , way out of proportion to one or two guys that are wantedfor whatever reason . 
  also if you take in these wanted people you force the us to react which in itself again possibly destabilizes european safety / economy . 
  the same goes for ignoring embargoes . 
  why would you want to force a conflict if you do n't have to ? 
  andd what kind of consequences ? 
  what can you reasonably do without upsetting the relations too much that still has some effect ? 
  relations with the us are important, 
  what should she have done tho ? 
  it is not like you can realistically stop the nsa and it seems stupid to risk relations to the us over such a matter at least to me . 
  they should just look to take counter espionage matters and keep on working together with the nsa . 
  we probably also need the informations from the us intelligence services . 
  it is also not like the us is not simply more powerful than germany . 
  also loosening the relations with the us might simply be against what you want for european security, 
  why do you always post in french and in english ? 
  it makes your posts a lot harder to read, 
  at least here in germany it highly depends on where you are from and what kind of career you pursue . 
  for example in my hometown we had more than 83 % of people having moved out by that age i would guess . 
  most that live at home did apprenticeships and there is just no urgent need to move out . 
  it is cheaper and more practible to live together when there is no problems with each other . 
  also most homes had enough space for some privacy . 
  everyone that went to university moved away tho . 
  now that i moved to munich i feel like a lot more young people live with their parents again i feel a lot because it is more affordable and more practical . 
  it is just unfeasible for a lot of them to pay for an appartment when they already have a home in the area . 
  i would guess that more people in cornwall move away than if you look at an area like london for example, 
  i think part of this is that those are part of the former east bloc , but not actually part of the soviet union like the baltics . 
  former east germany has also been a lot more leaning towards russia than west germany, 
  if you add an n in the end it sounds like the german word for to slander, 
  well in terms of culture i feel like germany is closer to northern europe than southern europe . 
  geographically it is pretty much as centric as you get in europe . 
  politically it is part of western europe,
