  you also have seen languages break away from what was german like dutch or luxembourgish ( though to me that still feels more like a dialect of german than anything else ), 
  agreed . 
  still i think theresa may has enough diplomatic skill to not commit such a massive fauxpas, 
  i am actually suprised there is no such registry . 
  seems a very sensible thing to have , but then also fir churches , synagogues and the likes . 
  as for the language of the sermon that is something i am really unsure how to implement that properly . 
  i am pretty sure you cant just dictate the language within the boundaries of the gg, 
  i doubt may would sink that low, 
  russia already has access to e black sea . 
  not the bosporus but surely the black sea, 
  would n't germanic law be more influenced by the much older abgb from 1812 from austria ? 
  i know , but i also do not think they would give up enirely on their foreign policy agenda and i do think that is pretty much entirely bad . 
  so poland taking transfer fees from geramny would be fine but not the other way around ? 
  i am pretty sure if the spd can they will do rrg or at least so i assume . 
  i am also confident that the union will be ahead of the spd, 
  well we saw in saarland how well openly favouring red red worked out for the spd . 
  schulz also will need the votes of the anti nato pro russia far left though . 
  i do not think that would lead to very stable foreign policy, 
  the french election also simply is much sooner than the german election, 
  no he cant ? 
  you could just send gas from germany to poland, 
  i guess it depends won what level of equality you deem acceptable . 
  i also am not familiar enogu hwith thte situation in ireland to reasonably assess what the situation is . 
  right and we have these on the very heavy traffic areas ( frankfurt , munich , aschaffenburg is where i know they are ) . 
  i guess they just are significantly more expensive than flat signs and i geuss you need soemone to control them ? 
  right , but it also is not that far behind . 
  no the problem woud be the direct landborder of a us ally to china . 
  also the disparity between north and south korea is significantly bigger than between west and east germany . 
  as bad as the gdr was it was not nearly as bad as nk . 
  it does of course . 
  actually by a signiificant margin . 
  germany has the third highest imporst and exports of the world behind respectively the us and china and china and the us . 
  and the gap in exports between germany and the us in terms of export is not that large ( us has roughly 13 % more ) edit : german volume of exports for example is more than double the volume of french exports and germany imports a little less than double of france, 
  its almost if germany simply had the largest trade volume in europe, 
  and no sane person wants no speed limits within cities . 
  there are a lot of places where speed limits are sensible . 
  that said at least in germany there are also good stretches of the highways where a speed limit is not sensible or useful . 
  right . 
  which is an argument in favour of having no general speed limit . 
  people tailgate more, 
  in 1830 there was no independent poland . 
  and even if there had been you do n't have to pass poland to get from prussia to belgium . 
  and people ignoring the security distance between cars is also very often part of accidents . 
  and on roads with general speedlimit people do care less about that than on roads without speedlimit . 
  it is not about pity , it is about acknowledging wrongdoings , about acknowledging that you went too far . 
  nobody wants to change these borders, 
  and i do believe that this should change . 
  and no i am certainly not a fan of prussia myself , nor am i supporting the afd ( if you are curious i am supporting the csu ) . 
  i do not think that remembering what happened to your people is not a bad thing . 
   well , that 's debatable . 
  at least in the context of the aftermath of wwii the division of german territory into many parts was seen as justified . 
  i can see division of germany . 
  i can see splitting up east germany , west germany and austria , but what i can and will absolutely call unjust is the ethnic cleansing of germans and the expropriation that happened . 
   international laws were quite new in that context aswell . 
  the notion that even the big players have to adhere to those rules was n't really established . 
  but it 's a very complex topic anyway . 
  the hague convention was already 40 years old . 
   what remains is the fact , that the events on the eastern border of the german reich are caused by many different historical events , which shaped the future of todays germany and europe . 
  the borders are n't up for dispute anymore . 
  and nobody is disputing these borders . 
  the point is that the atrocities that were commited aginst germans should not just be forgotten in my oppinion . 
  so you believe people should not be allowed to talk about crimes commited against germans , because unspeakable crime was commited under the banners of germany ? 
  oh i know , but far too many people seem to hold that joke seriously, 
  i do n't want any blood either . 
  i do n't want to reclaim anything . 
  your great grand parents died for this and so did mine ( they were part of the german minority in lodz ) . 
  what i would like is to end the notion that this was somehow justified action against the german civil population , that it was somehow reconquest of lost polish territory . 
  i am also not denying that germany did not spread propaganda . 
  i am not denying that horrible crimes were commited under the banners of my country . 
  i do not want to just ignore that crimes were also commited against my country . 
  two wrongs just do n't make a right . 
   and you know what ? 
  i understand that . 
  why the hell you and your children should pay for the mistakes of your grand-grandparents ? 
  yes , you did nothing wrong , you understand that . 
  so , let 's just leave it , and move on . 
  in the same way , lets stop stupid dicussions in internet , accept it , that it was like this and that , and now , it is poland here , netherlands there - und gut ist . 
  i fully agree with this senitment . 
  we should n't change the borders . 
  germany leading eu is like iv reich anyway , you decide about almost everything , officially okayish , no mass murdering , in general , you rule from madrit to tallin , including szczecin , warsaw , rome , everything almost , so , you see , peace is more effective in that way !, 
  i have to disagree with this . 
  we have seen nicely how little germany can do on its own during the refugee crisis . 
  germany in the eu ca n'tdo much of anything without allies, 
  i am not denying that it was shitty for poland too and that the soviet annexation of what was eastern poland were wrong , but that does n't make the actions taken in what was eastern germany right in my oppinion . 
  i am also not condoing the actions taken by germany against poland . 
  i can even see that territory had to change hands , what i can not justify is the absolutely massive ethnic cleansing and expropriation of the german civil population and i do believe that 70 years after it happened we should be able to at least talk about that without getting into arguments about who had it worse . 
  i do know that poland had it worse than west germany . 
  i also have read the wikipedia article on the history of szczenin/stettin ( and props for reading the german page and speaking german good enough to do so ! ) . 
  territory also changed hand a lot more a thousand years ago than it did today and who occupied it back then in my oppinion should not matter . 
  the city was mostly build by germans and it had been german territory for centuries . 
  as i said you can also look at maps on territories that were german that now are part of different countries . 
  i also do not have any issues with poland or poles , i just ca n't stand that idea that poland somehow reclaimed lost territories , which simply was not the case . 
  these territories were thouroughly german when they were given to poland . 
  so you support a german annexation of the netherlands ? 
  or a german annexation of northern italy ? 
  and even saying germany stole these lands is daring considering that these cities were in large parts settled by german settlers, 
  i think that that was wrong too . 
  and i do believe that most poles would consider that wrong too . 
  is speaking about the deeds that were commited against the german population now something only nazis do ? 
  these events were 70 years ago .
