  to be fair hitler declaring war on the us was not all that impactful of a decision . 
  if hitler had not declared war on the us the us would have declared war on germany, 
   the issue is whether other laws ( freedom of speech and arts , etc ) are stronger than shitty , outdated monarchy-residue laws and if this was the case here is up to the courts to decide . 
  also keep in mind that merkel said that that law will be repealed, 
  but how is it merkels decision and not the courts decision ? 
   what is the point of the government deciding ? 
  to keep cases that are very obviously not a crime under german law from going to court , to stop foreign/hostile governments from bombarding german courts with cases . 
  the thing is i would not say that it is absolutely obvious that b\u00f6hmermanns poem falsl under this . 
  in this case i think the law has been applied properly though i think the law should and is going to be abolished, 
  the point is that as a person that will be involved in deciding if the case gets prosecuted and in general as the chancellor she should have kept her opinion to herself . 
  that said i think it is right to allow prosecution because we have the courts decide if something is a criminal offense and not the chancellor and the poem was deliberately slanderous now it is up to the courts to decide if it is covered by artistic freedom or not . 
  actually the ss was founded by orders of hitler in 1925 as a sucessor to the `` sto\u00dftrupp adolf hitler '' . 
  it was officially introduced on the party congress of 9th of november 1925 . 
  it however was very close to the sa and the ss had the same commander in franz von pfeffer for a while, 
  honestly i like the music . 
  the guy with the sword is weird , but the song actually is quite decent in my oppinion , but then again i generally like this kind of music, 
  as far as i can see the rail baltica is a railroad and not a pipeline and the via baltica is a road . 
  what upside do these routes have over a route through the north sea ? 
  at that price point i am not going to buy an american car . 
  also i just find it a bit distasteful to use ss as an abreviation , but i can see that people just use it and i have no problem with that . 
  it is just not something i like to do myself . 
  on the flipside for example do you think people would find it very tasteful to create the chevrolet kkk ? 
  actually the ss was founded in 1925, 
  sometimes i feel people want to blame merkel just for the sake of blaming merkel ... 
  that only seems to further my point that russia and poland always shared a border when both countries existed, 
  bypassing them increases the stability of the energy supply though and ukraine has proven that they are a liability in these gas transfers, 
  when did russia ever attack poland when they did n't share a border with poland ? 
  yeah blame merkel who was staunchly in favor of south stream ... 
  see you even said it yourself that russia wants to make sure that ukraine is no longer a liability for gas transfers and frankly it is . 
  how is it not in the interest of western europe not having to rely on ukraine ? 
  and for the most part at least for the german side , unlike the french party which is a state owned company , are private companies involved in nordstream . 
   to us - slovakia - we will loose a lot of money for transport , not mentioning that price will probably go up with additional transportation from western/northwestern direction instead of formerly/currently eastern/from ua borders . 
  so the reason is money . 
  i can understand it but it is quite hypocritical to blame western europe for wanting safe gas supply on the grounds that you would lose money and nothing more . 
  it 's so much easier to have a common enemy though !, 
  also blaming germany just has a much nicer ring to it than blaming romania, 
  is n't it in general good to have an alternative if the conflict in ukraine gets hotter or ukraine starts tapping the gas pipelines again ? 
  i personally am not particularly fond of to see such an important thing as the gas supply for western europe to be dependent on ukraine where it 's not necessary, 
  and germany was in favour of south stream ( sorry i am not going to abbreviate it as ss ), 
  but you get why people are pissed ? 
  i mean it kinda is true that the ecb interest rates are so ridiculously low for so long is due to the other countries and also that it is going against german interests . 
  it is true that it makes houses more and more expensive and it is true that without interest you have to save more if yu want the same amount of moeny in the end . 
  and then the russians come ? 
  germany would try and form a new union . 
  now which countries would be involved in this heavily depends on the circumstances the union breaks up . 
  germany would probably also try and build a new currency union . 
  there were plans for a new currency shared with the netherlands last year if the euro had broken up, 
  people just see that they are not getting interest anymore that they saved their whole live to have enough money on retirement and now the ecb is chewing at that , forcing people to save more and as such spend less . 
  people see rents going up and up , house prices going up and up because that is where the money is going when the rest is not giving profit effectively creating a housing people . 
  and importantly people think that this is happening because the rest of the eurozone has fucked up big time causing them to be unable to pay their debt if they do n't get these `` subsidies '', 
  the 100 years war probably does n't belong here as that was basically only england and france . 
  the thirty years war and the napoleonic wars probably were more important . 
  that said it is also extremely tough to predict what would happen were the eu to break up because that depends so much on the circumstances it 's happening under, 
  i think germans will get more and more angry that they are effectively paying for the rest of the eurozone more and more . 
  i think it will take quite a lot to make german politicians to change any attitude regarding the eurozone . 
  i highly doubt that another baiilout for greece without significant change ( as in a grexit ) will be politically viable in germany . 
  one huge issue i see though is the huge upheaval that would be caused by dissolving the eurozone . 
  it also is something no party in germany is basically for ( well outside of the afd , but i have n't heard them talking about economic issues at all since luckes wing left ), 
  house of cards premiered on netflix at feb 1st 2013 , meaning that the rights probably were sold off in the end of 2012 at the latest . 
  netflix launched in germany in september 2014 giving them almost 2 years after those rights would have been sold off . 
  a lot can change in two years, 
  well those rights were sold before netflix was operating in germany ... 
  america is considered the weakest major region aswell . 
  well they are trying to change that though by replacing the americans on their teams ... 
  i have n't followed too many competitive games but americans were worse than europeans in wc3 sc2 and lol, 
  well but those places are n't accepting refugees then ... 
  seeing that fn got first in the last election i would not be so sure about that, 
  but you do n't really need to speak a language that well to be a functioning member of society, 
  no but you do n't need office power to threaten journalists . 
  i still liked the guy in the thread about the cdu demanding a german ecb president cause the ecb is not even taking notice of german issues that germany is unilaterally ruling the eu . 
  literally in a thread about germany not being able to do much and suffering from eu policy, 
  we have the same in germany just that the minority languages are dying out and everybody spoke german more or less, 
  it 's like the risk of dying in a terrorist attack is negligible , but still people are way more afraid of it then riding a car to work every day, 
  that 's not exactly unique to russia though . 
  it is quite pointless to look only at the theory when discussing how itis applied in ractice though, 
  would you argue then that christianity is also fundamentally incompatible with the german constitution ? 
  there is no unfied political aims of islam . 
  for the most part is just the second largest religion after christianity . 
  like you shouldnt kill be people , but if they try to kill you ... ? 
  why ? 
  people already know him anyways . 
  this seems to do more to discredit himself . 
  yes , but there are limits to it . 
  listen to the segment and do you really see anything but really blunt insults ? 
  you could say the same about russia annexing crimea . 
  well we occupied greece aswell inww2, 
  french and latin are the most common ones . 
  spanish is alsogetting mpre popular, 
  the problems in the eu do not root in problems with integration of muslim minorities in western europe , but rather in a fundamental disagreeingwhat the union is supposed to be . 
  a superstate eu for example could have made sure that it is not only sweden , germany and austria carrying the main weight . 
  a union means to be not only there when it is time to rake in money, 
  is christianity then also fundamentally incompatible with our values ? 
  is it not the same that it boils down to how you interpret the religion . 
  ca n't you also create an interpretation of christianity that is denying these values ? 
  if they are working to create a different islam should n't we rather help them instead of calling them liars ? 
  what do you think the last pope would have said if you asked him if it was fine if two men fucked ? 
  see just try to avoid applying double standards to religions and a lot of the points he reaises are valid issues, 
  interestingly there is still a rather large regional fissure in germany with the south ( bayern , bw ) closing in on full employment at barely over 3 % unemployment while the east ( as in the former gdr ) is close to 10 % . 
  that 's happening to some extent in all countries and is not relevant if you do the statistic by the same method for all countries, 
  germany has bilateral treaties just as estonia does .
