  also bavaria is hardly in an economic crisis . 
  bavaria has an unemplyoment quota of 3.3 % ( using the german stats , so lower were you suing eurostat ) and a youth unemployment rate of 2.6 %, 
  nah , this is not soemthing that is in any way realistic in germany . 
  there is simply not really a backing for this in the population at all . 
  the only party that wants something like bavarian independence got 2 % on the last state election . 
  nobody is even talking about it in actual politics, 
  it would make the most sense in my oppinion to have one country incorporating both germany and austria . 
  you can still have a lot of regional pride even in one state , you can still have your own dialects . 
  what claim would russia have to these lands ? 
  like they at least have longstanding ties to austria and used to have a large german speaking minority , but russia ?!, 
  i do n't think the russians ever held the czech lands, 
  thank you for posting this !, 
  it is not like the uk is doing significantly better than germany in growth . 
  you did n't read why they were suing ? 
  and also why should they not have the right to sue ? 
  we have rule of law here . 
  it is german politicians that created these laws and we have courts to sort out people challenging them . 
  the right to have your asylum request processed in appropriate time is german law . 
  does every lawsuit in beligum suceed ? 
   yes , i understand that , but well ... 
  i always thought you can sue someone if he is breaking some kind of law or treaty , yet none was mentioned . 
  i guess none of the agreements specify the special status you have now and refugee convention gives some freedom to countries , so i am sure yours lawmakers are clever enough . 
  as far as i understand it they sue on the basis that it is against eu law to deny family reunification . 
  i am not an expert and not even all that well versed in the field though . 
   do you have maximal waiting time for institutions ? 
  because if not , i cant see them suing state for anything . 
  yes , as far as i am aware the rule is that time required has to be appropriate . 
  and a court has to decide if it was appropriate . 
  for example in the case of an afghan that was waiting for 16 month a court ruled iin october 2015 that this was too long and that the office had to decide within 3 months . 
   again , they havent got asylum , because they cant prove , they were persecuted . 
  unless any international threaty is againist this law , i cant really see them suing state for anything . 
  asylpaket suspended the right for family reunification for those under subsidiary protection for two years . 
  these people are basically suing against that . 
   and what they are going to sue germany for ? 
  having good will or ? 
  you could try and read the article to find that out . 
  oh i agree . 
  i just was curious if there was more of a reason . 
  i am not particularly familiar with spanish . 
  why do all grils name end on an a ? 
  and afd wo n't be part of the government . 
  we can only go for a strong conservative voice . 
  so you want the money and improvements western investors bring , but you do n't want them to get anything for that ? 
  seems like only british , french , japanese and german cars . 
  can you explain what the rationale behind this is ? 
  i would personally like consteructive somewhat more conservative policy to be made ( closer to how it is here on state level in bavaria ) on the federal level . 
  voting afd does n't do anything in that regard though . 
  that just leads to another grand coalition . 
  would n't you get closer to what you mean with a sentence like `` if one thinks that politicians are power hungry moneygrabbers , they must know very little politicians '' ? 
  so like syriza or podemos ? 
  i 'd be happy to see union/fdp/greens next election provided the greens properly figure that out . 
  might be a nice change from just groko over and over . 
  vvd for me, 
  right and if you are a self sustaining part o society i do n't see an issue with that . 
  there is a reason why to gain citizenship you have to be able to provide for yourself . 
  that did n't work well last time . 
  s. is the first letter of his surname . 
  in germany full names generally do not get published nearly as much or as easily as in the english speaking world . 
  it is more like a job where you work low hours ( say 10-15h per week ) . 
  sure it is mostly close to minimum wage wage , but the low income from it is mostly from low hours . 
  if you want to look at employment numbers you should look at those numbers ... unemployment requires a person to be available on the job market for once which retirees or chidren or trainees for example are not . 
  from paris to rome ? 
  that seems unrealistic considering that even just drawing a direct line that is 1100km . 
  paris munich is less than 6 hours by train and that is the same distance, 
  yes , the british royal house is also saxe-coburg and gotha . 
  they renamed to windsor in 1917 , but it is still the same family . 
  how fast you can drive highly depends on the roads you drive on and what time of the day . 
  i have driven 400km stretches in something like 2:45 and that was not with an particularly fast car . 
  i am not sure how american law works in that regard , but would n't that charter have about as much worth as the charter of your local chess club ? 
  belgian and britain royalty are of the same house, 
  in general in that case germany is the exception rather than the rule , having no general speed limit on highways . 
  east germany ruining the average !, 
  a minority government wo n't function also there will just be a grand coalition if nothing else works . 
  and a coalition between pp and psoe would also work in spain by the numbers even though it wo n't come in practice , but in germany such a coalition is also practically possible and also our current government . 
  hardly . 
  a lot of the staunchest anti-russian , anti putin positions are held by conservatives and not by leftwingers . 
  it would also be fatal to assume russia wo n't try and influence elections in germany for russias gain . 
  i am worried about that and i would hardly call myself , as a supporter of the csu , a left winger . 
  then to be frank i think it is quite stupid to have a neutrality clause there . 
  i would n't seriously expect a party to be impartial between a longstanding well connected member of a party and a person that only joined to run as president for the party . 
  that was right before i got old enough to vote . 
  i probably have to read up properly on the topic . 
  ah ok that might be . 
  i think there are none in bavaria though the csu tried to create them but were shut down as unconstitutional . 
  the primaries were not rigged . 
  the dnc was in favour of clinton , ut i have not seen evidence of the vote being rigged , of there being actual fraud . 
  i still do n't think the us would elect a man that had ties to communists president . 
  catalonia already is part of spain . 
  we have not seen dirt hauled at sanders nearly to the level it would have happend should he have been candidate . 
  i can roll a die and can predict i wo n't roll a 3 and yet i can still roll a 3 even if it is unlikely . 
  trump would have also won against sanders, 
  you do n't need an electoral college in a federal state . 
  germany is also a federal state and there is no electoral college, 
  saying trump got elected solely due to russia is about as stupid as saying that russia had no influence in getting trump elected i would say . 
  the bavaria party is no longer secessionist and also politically irrelevant . 
  actually this could n't happen in germany at least not the way in spain because holding referendums is unconstitutional in germany . 
  yeah because there were no referendums 500 years ago ... 
  hardly imaginary looking at the us, 
  no not a fringe party , but not a party with any chance of getting the chancelor akin to fdp greens and left, 
  its a quote from a rammstein song and not normal german,
