  well of course thats rough to do , but it had to happen after the yugoslav wars and it will happen again, 
  no i am more interested in the approval rate . 
  because german institutes show one at around 45 % and not 19 %, 
  yeah that 's why i was curious about the exact german questions . 
  still something got ta be wrong , the thing is this poll from yougov just is not in line with anything the big german institutes got, 
  still this is 25 percentage points from where other well renown ( and in the past accurate ) german institutes got the approval . 
  so somewhere there has to be an error in methodology, 
  how can visitors of their internet site even be representative ? 
  i am mostly questioning the methodology because this is just too far from where german polls lay . 
  also the questions in the link on the page are only the questions in english and not what they asked in german ( or french , danish , swedish etc. ), 
  that poll seems to contradict just about any other poll on german media . 
  what were the questions askedfor that poll , how where the participants selected ? 
  i think that a majority backs her overall . 
  i think it is close regarding how she handles the refugee crisis ( it is around 40-50 split for and against the last survey i saw ) . 
  that said i think merkel is definitely still very likely to get reelected . 
  well everyone is aware that the numbers will rise again , but i doubt we will reach the almost 5 million we had when merkel came into power in 05 , when unemployment was at its highest peak in post war germany, 
  yes but i got to vote for the delegates of my own country ? 
  also any country is free to leave the eu if they so wish, 
  merkel still has a majority behind her . 
  do n't forget that while she may be the most loathed politician on / r/europe after probably putin , she still is pretty popularin germany, 
  so do eastern european countries offer a guarantee to not demand transit fees ? 
  well at least with nord stream poland cant pressure germany with gas too much, 
  why are the german numbers lower then the official numbers published by the agentur f\u00fcr arbeit ? 
  and nearly 10 years ago the tensions with russia where nowhere near they were today . 
  in the seventies the tensions with the soviet union were probably bigger than they were 10 years ago and stll germany had energy treaties with the soviets, 
  if anyone should do that it is fifa, 
  do you retroactively want to strip germany of that ? 
  yes and ? 
  it is not like terms like western/eastern or central europe are purely based on geography, 
  more importantly central europe is austria and germany aswell , but you are right poland , the czech republic and slovakia are traditonally central european aswell ( at least at the times when these countries existed ) , but also hungary is usually included , aswell as switzerland and liechtenstein . 
  yo your mom 's bad at history !, 
  but on a more serious note if germany is not in central europe then poland is not in central europe because you use a map that is just western and eastern europe . 
  ok . that 's weird . 
  switzerland then probably not either ? 
  i think i never heard a version of central europe without germany and austria . 
  i see you are very bad at history, 
  then poland is not in central europe it is in eastern europe . 
  huh ? 
  even just germany and poland combined have around 120 million people, 
  yeah i feel the same . 
  at times i feel like i would really like a project rather with countries like belgium , the netherlands , scandinavia , austria france and germany for example, 
  oh i totally agree with you on that . 
  we could for example use he saved money to fund refugees , but that would probably lead to the eu dissolving in its current form, 
  what were the other solutions that complied with the eu charta of human rights and the 1951 refugee convention ? 
  no then you would cut the debt so it is manageable . 
  really ? 
  i find the current system pretty decent . 
  you want to do something practical , you do an apprenticeship and learn something like being a carpenter , a plumber or an electrician . 
  you can also go to university and study a field like economics or physics and do something in these field where the more practical training of an apprenticeship wo n't make sense . 
  yes which is also one of the big problems with referendums in general in my oppinion, 
  well i think the message the votum carried got distorted a lot . 
  i rember a poll from that time right when the referendum rolled around where people in greece got polled and you got 70 % in favour of remaining in the euro . 
  i just feel/felt like a lot of the people did not know the implications the positions on the referendum . 
  well but the greek government did n't act upon that and in my perception at least desperately tried to strike a deal so they could remain in the ez . 
  i still remember our german finance minister getting shunned for proposing a grexit, 
  which law has been broken ? 
  the dublin agreement does n't force you to deport people back . 
  also i think that just funneling people towards austria , germany and sweden is within what was agreed upon where the first country of entry should process refugees . 
  hungary has done everything to look undesirable and also has violated human rights in the process . 
  there were 63 mps from merkel 's party voting against the third bailout . 
  also as for the no side i always thought they did n't support greece leaving the ez . 
  germany and swedens borders are open due to the schengen agreement . 
  the countries have no outer borders and still countries like italy , greece and the countries along the balkan route funnel these people just north, 
  this has nothing to do with the schengen zone . 
  also refugee distribution quotas are in my oppinion the only sensible thing with people coming for asylum . 
  and just funneling every refugee to germany and sweden is certainly not solidaric, 
  thereis really no need to be personal . 
  also i am not denying you anything, 
  hm may be that , i can at least say that it usually does not happen in germany , but basically every party except for maybe the afd is pro eu, 
  and these other countries just funnel refugees up to germany ignoring eu rules, 
  so i thought you want out of the eu anyways ? 
  also not adding another country to schengen at the heigt of the refugee crisis seems very sensible . 
  as for exports again nobody forces your country to be part of the eu, 
  you know that a good part of the german government and an even bigger part of the german society were pushing for a tougher or no deal on greece during the last bailout discussions ? 
  yes and at least then its over and you do n't have to pour money over and over again in a bottomless hole, 
  but you wo n't get political will for a haircut . 
  i am fairly certain that if greece requires a fourth bailout at least the german government will be forced to decline granting that . 
  it was already tough for the german government to get that package through ( with a good chunk of the cdu voting against it ), 
  i do n't get why you are so hung up on the money , but whatever . 
  also yes that is a point of a border , but still that does n't mean that you can just outright refuse people trying to claim asylum . 
  still there are things like human rights and the right to asylum in the eu . 
  yes i can agree with you on that , but i just think we have different views of how to solve the issue, 
  no , but just as you can say you do n't want to be part of a solution with germany i can say that i do n't want to give money to eastern european countries . 
  i can think of better purposes for that money aswell . 
  yeah austria has sligthly higher quota of refugees per capita and i am honestly really glad that austria takes tehem in . 
  i would like if the communication between the austrian and the german government could be better , but at least austria taking in a part . 
  yes and orban also just straight up ignored things like human rights . 
  let 's face it a fence in germany wo n't have the same effect simply because people will try to find different avenues into our country . 
  the thing is you ca n't just ignore them and even then they will actively work against a controlled solution because they simply will keep funnelingpeople north, 
  i never said shooting themisnot suitable to disturb public order . 
  that would be mourder . 
  being privately of the oppinion is not punishable , just as it is not punishable to think that all muslims are scum, 
  then vote for a party that wants to leave the eu ? 
  if you do n't want to be part of it fine with me . 
  i do n't want to send money to eastern european countries either, 
  yes , but as long as much of eastern europe blocks that it will hard to get that through . 
  no of course it is hate speech , the difference is that if it is suitable to disturb public order . 
  thinking that quietly or just not saying it publiclyis not punishable . 
  show me the statistics that show a significant rise because the so called invitation ( also i am getting tired of it but that is not what merkel said but whatever ), 
  as in granting asylum .
