  if you tell people germany gets most of its gas from norway and the netherlands people just give you weird looks even if we get more from these two combined ( a bit more than 45 % of our gas comes from there ), 
  can you tell me which technologies we currently have that would allow us to counterbalance the fluctuation of energy put out by renewable energies ? 
  the issue is that painting a white mans head black is also sensitive . 
  the top of the german flag just is black . 
  i have a similar poster at the bus stop where i live . 
  if they took a white man and painted his face black people would also be pissed, 
  kristallnacht was 1938, 
  you do n't need equality to be allied . 
  germany and poland are also allied . 
  we also celebrate the formal accession of the gdr to west germany . 
  the fall of the wall would probably be more festive , but the ninth of november just is not exactly the optimal date for the national holiday , albeit a pretty fitting one . 
  so much has happened in german history on that date, 
  is it suprising that countries let an allied intelligence agency use their air space ? 
  why does the title say something so different from the actual article ? 
  why does the title say something so different from the actual article ? 
  why does the title say something so different from the actual article ? 
  also pretty ridiculous that you ca n't put the original of an old german sketch on youtube uncensored because it shows bare tits and apparently yt still has a major problem with that, 
  this is a joke , right ? 
   it 's still quite fresh . 
  you need to undertstand that for us ww2 did not quite end in 1945 , but in 1989 . 
  and we 're still dealing with the consequences . 
  i know the same goes for germany to some extent , but the difference is that we did n't start the whole thing . 
  but did n't the west and the eu look to help a lot to get ee to rebuild again ? 
  did the rest of ee expect to get the same treatment as east germany , which still lags behind western germany ? 
   you also see this from your position , but for germany it 's easy to not hold grudges or generally just assume that being diplomatic with putin will work , because if you 're wrong , the consequences will not be as severe for you . 
  the consequences if a war breaks out would be horrible for germany aswell . 
  a conflict could easily turn nuclear , which is exactly why the goal is to not escalate if at all possible and i doubt that having permanent bases in poland or the baltics would help significantly in case of a war . 
   ee will be the first to suffer from this . 
  so this is really not just about us being petty and living in the past , this is just about being careful . 
  unlike you we can not afford to not be careful . 
  if any strategy to avoid war fails and we end up in a war with russia the east wiill suffer first regardless of what strategy you follow ( well i guess if that strategy were to involve a massive nuclear first strike it might not be eastern europe that suffers first ) . 
  that is mostly jsut dictated by geography , just as if it had come to a war between nato and the warsaw pact germany would have had to suffer the consequences first . 
   we also do not want to escalete the conflict , who would want a war , really ? 
  we have the same goal , it 's only that we have different opinions on how to prevent the war from happening i see this the same way . 
   so no , we do not want to provoke russia for the sake of provoking russia , we just simply do n't see this as provocation , but as the right strategy to prevent a war with russia . 
  the thing is does not matter if the baltics or poland see this as provocation . 
  it matters if russia sees it as a provocation . 
  i just also think that these bases would have very little military impact . 
   nord stream is not just about geopolitics , but also about money . 
  some ee countries would lose transit money and germany would save some . 
  it 's perfectly logical that germany would like to save the money . 
  however it also gives putin leverage over ee , because he can also treathen to switch off the supplies to ee without also switching the supplies to we . 
  this again leaves us in vulnerable position . 
  i would argue that a rather large part is money , but also just that you can avoid ukraine . 
  it was ukraine that messed with the gas not russia after all . 
  ukraine really should not be suprised that messing with the russian gas pipelines to the west will not make them friends in we . 
   i guess that because we went through the transition times not so long ago , it makes me more symphatetic to their struggle . 
  that 's probably a reason . 
  i just do persoanlly have pretty much no connection at all to ukraine . 
   yes , i understand why you would think so . 
  i do n't want to get into the refugee quotas debate again , i think the whole system is silly and has exactly zero chance of working in real life , even if ee cooperated fully . 
  but that 's not the point here . 
  ee definitely can be partly blamed for the current situation of the eu . 
  guys like orb\u00e1n or the whole pis party are just appaling and are making everything worse . 
  see i can understand if people do say a system wo n't work for reasons , but what then pisses meoff is that there are no suggestions at all for a better solution that is sustainable in the long term and also adheres to the international treaties we all subscribed to . 
   you have just spend the entire time arguing here that you do n't want to get in a war with russia . 
  your leadership is also making it very clear that they want to avoid it yes , we want to avoid war , but if war can not be avoided then that war would have to be fought . 
   what about finland or sweden ? 
  they 're not in nato , but they are in eu . 
  would germany defend them ? 
  i am certain that there would be absolutely massive pressure from both the public and internationally to jump to their aid and i am certain that germany would be a part of a war if finalnd/sweden got attacked . 
   and what about estonia or latvia ? 
  they 're in nato , but they 're tiny and difficult to defend due to geographical factors . 
  what if russia is very quick , annexes the parts with russian speaking majority before nato can do anything , will you then go to fight for some piece of baltic land with a population who is actually quite fine with the occupation ? 
  yes , because not doing so would de facto declare nato as dissolved and would mean that russia could very well march into other places because we do not stand together . 
  this alliance is also vital to our own national defence . 
  there would be a large war and people would try very hard to not allow it to turn nuclear . 
  i personally do not think that nato realistically could defend the baltics without a massive nuclear strike ( and i think we all know why this is a bad idea ) simply due to geography if russia attacks there with concentrated military might . 
   and what if trump wins in th us and pulls them out of nato ? 
  would you then defend the baltics without the us taking the lead ? 
  this is the mot dangerous part for ee if that actually were to happen and a lot here depends on the context this happens in and what the reaction of the people are . 
  this is one scenario though where i could see we not jumping to the aid of the baltics . 
   the truth is that nobody knows the answers to these questions , but from the way germany behaves , the chances imo are quite high , that the answers would mostly be no . 
  and i respectfully disagree, 
   yes , because more foreign troops means a higher chance that in case of an attack , those foreign countries who have the troops there will get involved and will not just say `` screw this , i do n't want to fight russia '' . 
  the bigger the chance of foreign countries getting involved , the smaller the chance of russia attacking in the first place . 
  this is why the baltics or poland want nato bases there , not for dick measuring contest , but for deterrent . 
  i can understand this , but still i do n't see nato not responding ...  it 's partly the historic experience . 
  we already were abandoned twice , before and after ww2 ( yeah , i know it 's not that black and white and it 's stupid to hold grudges , but it 's not possible to completely disregard it ) . 
  can you explain to me why it seems that ee seems to live so much in the past ? 
  we are not holding grudges against poland here for the most part neither against the french anymore or against the swedes ... you got ta move on . 
   also exactly this type of comments ( let 's not do exercises in the eastern europe , let 's not send the troops there , we do n't want to upset russia ) is interpreted here as a lack of commitment of the western europe to defend the eastern europe . 
  it 's actually even more annyoing than that - not only you do n't want to send troops , you also criticize the us for sending more troops . 
  but that is not the point . 
  it is more about not wanting exercises that are only there to escalate a conflict that we do not have to escalate . 
  that it would be wiser to talk . 
   i mean , we pretty much already got used to the fact that western europe will not militarily support the baltics as much as the us does , but it 's really hard to accept that they will also on the top of that even question whether the baltics are even allowed to have as many us troops there . 
  that 's just really hard to swallow . 
  it 's like as if germany tried to signal russia that the baltics indeed have a special status and russia has the right influence what will or will not happen there . 
  see , but you are trying to further a conflict that germany in this case has no interest in escalating and do you demand that germany does not act when it sees its interests at stake aswell . 
  because really what is there to gain from provoking russia ? 
   this is actually quite correct ( i already stated that putin would prefer to deal directly with washington if he could , not that he can do that in reality ) , the only thing you 're forgeting about is that russia would not give you any benefits , if it also was n't beneficial to them and we do not give benefits to russia if they do n't benefit us in some way or we are forced to concede them . 
  that is not in any way unique to the relations with russia though . 
   and in this case what is beneficial to them is not beneficial to most of eastern europe is n't this exactly the kind of zero-sum train of thought that you were critizing in putin ? 
   or with this whole debate about how many troops will be there in ee . 
  you 're gaining , because you think you 're decreasing that chances of germany getting dragged into a war , but the baltics are losing , because there is a higher chance that putin will think it 's ok to bully them so you want germany to put the interests of its allies before its own ? 
  do you think it would be a good idea to have to rely on a country like ukraine to pass through when you could also use a direct pipeline from russia ? 
   what i was talking about in my previous post was the interest of the entire eu , not just germany . 
  and the eu as whole is losing , because russia once again manages to set the member countries against each other which in the long term is preventing the eu from becoming an effective force . 
  right , but has n't germany put the eu interests ahead of the german national interests so many times ?
