  that sounds like a fantastic idea ... 
  the german public certailny is quite a bit from the eastern public here . 
  people are getting tired of just being asked to be solidary, 
  if you want a union capable of making decisions you can not use a liberum veto system . 
  that just leads to a clogged up system . 
  imagine if in our parliament any measure could be blocked by the left party . 
  this is n't 1938 though and the eu wo n't build a nuclear arsenal comparable to the russian one . 
  this is just not going to happen outside of some very extreme circumstances . 
  what you are proposing is the road of war not the way to build a peaceful europe . 
  war is also not as rational as you make it out to be . 
  nazi germany did attack the soviet union and the uk at the same time, 
  the australian model also only works because the issue in australia is orders of magnitude smaller . 
  the biggest issue as you pointed out is morals though . 
  there are lots of immoral ways to deal with the issue, 
  of course . 
  no solution is easy , but at least with the quota and the ideas surrounding it there is at least something resembling a sound plan . 
  it is for example a lot safer to have central european registration points . 
  the general population . 
  ok maybe only those pro-eu overall but that is an absolutely overwhelming majoirity, 
  the good will to deal with ee preventing a necessary measure over and over , the goodwill to deal with the policies of the ecb , the endless crisis in greece , the demands for solidarity only when it suits some countries , but not being there when these countries are supposed to be solidaric, 
  a decade ago everything was still peachy in greece or at least seemed like it . 
  also germany has sent massive amount of cheap loans to greece bailed it out over and over again , the german government pushed these through an at least skeptical german popuklation . 
  also what do you suggest going after these ships ? 
  sink them ? 
  sink ships with unarmed peaceful civilians ? 
  solutions are not that simple, 
  loie the deal we had with turkey ? 
  also why should a single province of france just take on everything ? 
  uhm nobody is talking about distributing those already in germany . 
  and yes the german government tried to find a political solution . 
  these quotas were part of that . 
  apparently a good chunk of eu states are not interested in a solution , but just care for not being affected themselves . 
  the refugee problem also simply is an eu wide problem that requires a european solution . 
  and as for why take them in the first place : what do you suggest greece or italy should do ? 
  ( and no just saying send them back is not a solution for obvious reasons ), 
  a lot more will die if europe tries a hostile takeover . 
  oh and what will happen if the us positions itself against such an invadion ? 
  the potential diplomatic fallout and ripple effects are massive, 
  ok we just recolonize north africa . 
  we split the middle east with russia ? 
  ukraine is just a bargaing chip too . 
  their country is split anyways . 
  just look for immediate gain right now . 
  this recklessness is what leads to war, 
  oh i know , to be honest i would prefer not having to deal with the whole matter too . 
  we cant just ignire the issue though and expect greece and italy to go under, 
  that will exactly result in them being only stuck in greece or italy if there is nothing forcing that spreading out, 
  just because you restate that germany and sweden wanted them does not make that statement any more true . 
  sure there were elements that want all sorts of people but the vast majority just wanted to help people fleeing civil war . 
  also nobody has to starve in europe that is the european declaration of human rights . 
  and no they will not starve sooner or later . 
  why would they ? 
  well the question is if we want to break up the unity on the continent . 
  and yes i would prefer a smaller union of more equal countries . 
  then your government should lobby for these solutions ( and none of these work easily from your suggestions ) . 
  why should the citizens of french guyana want to turn their country into a huge refugee camp ? 
  australian model is pointkess due toscale and lack of states to go to . 
  a grab for power in lybia would at least be destabilizing the region even more, 
  so nobody wants these people so the solution is to just stick them in greece and italy because they have the missfortune of being on the outer border ? 
  so to show strength we tear down international order ? 
  then explain to me why there are no terrorist attacks in geece despite massive refugee population ? 
  well then they maybe should . 
  i do not think western and german goodwill are infinite and the whole refugee situation significantly tarnished the reputation of ee, 
  i think the coalition has worked tirelessly to create a european solution , but this is obviously being blocked . 
  but ignoring the issue does not make it go away, 
  there was a casus belli for the first one . 
  what is the justification for the latter other tjan we can ? 
  nobody wanted them . 
  the situation in hungary was utterly unsustainable though and as soon as austria and germany helped orban he turned on them . 
  also do you really believe it would be a better idea to let people looking for asylum just starve ? 
  essentially forcing them into criminality ? 
  i also dont think we should play this game of pretend anymore and i hope the sanctions imposed are massive . 
  we dont need countries that only ai . 
  to divide , are only in when it suits them . 
  i can assure you that germans would also prefer to not take refugees but just showing the middlefinger to greece and italy will do npthing but cause a new 2015 . 
  what we need is a solution and not blind populism . 
  just stocking pur heads in the sand does not solve anything even ifit may be politically opportune, 
  wont jappen that is unconstitutional . 
  i. the same way you could also make a referendum if people would like to pay less taxes with no downside or ask people if we want to pour more money into greece . 
  that said do you think it is a better idea to just say fuck you to greece and italy ? 
  do you really think ee wants to continue to indermine european unity ? 
  do you think german goodwill is infinite ? 
  well that obviously needs to change, 
  so your call would be just to show the middlefinger to greece instead of setting up eu wide systems ? 
  because we dont just blatantly violate another countries sovereignty . 
  do we want to encourage russia ? 
  what o find the most illuminating is that the divide still goes exactly along the iron curtain, 
  so then if they are in germany and go to public ofices they simply should be send back to the czech republic, 
  this is not about germany or sweden distributing , this is about greece and italy, 
  greek identified syrians . 
  also there were plans for eu hotspots but that concept does not work without redistribution, 
  that would be a pretty significant break of international law and could encourage russia for example to take furher action in ukraine . 
  how do you plan to get lybia to be a part of this ? 
  lybia does not even have a stable government, 
  so the solution is an invasion of a third country ? 
  i do n't think this is well known outside of poland . 
  and yet the point that the population of danzig was almost entirely german still stands, 
  how many more german cities is poland looking fir ? 
  maybe all of east germany ? 
  gdansk is a really poor example .
