  we are experiencing record low unemployment , wages increasing faster and a country that has navigated the crisises of the past years rather well . 
  why would we want to move away from that ? 
   funny how this goes completely against the `` like trump '' native . 
  it 's the complete opposite of a populist and egotistical position . 
  it is one completely out of touch though . 
  one that the vast majority of people will not agree with him on . 
  eurobonds are simply actively bad for germany . 
  it is also the weaker economically that get hurt by more expensive imports . 
  tell me if gas is 10 or 20 % more expensive do you think the person getting by on minimum wage or the person driving porsche will care more ? 
  i do n't think sch\u00e4uble is jealous . 
  he is after all still one of germany 's most popular politicians, 
  it really is too bad he tripped twice befoe he could become chancellor and now is too old . 
  i at least hope he will be part of the government at least for the next four years . 
  do you not agree that you are not going to fight populism , as schulz also vowed to do , by indulging in it yourself ? 
  and what else is something like / r/the _ schulz ? 
  schulz has been basing himself more of gestures rather than anything remotely substantial so far . 
  i also do doubt that you will find a lot of people in germany that will be in favour of something like eurobonds which schulz has been advocating in the past . 
  firstly it should be no suprise that people critisize their political opponents in an election year . 
  i would also prefer if you would not editorialize the title because what it is saying there is not part of the article at all . 
  it never mentions such a quote of sch\u00e4uble i also do believe that sch\u00e4uble has a point here . 
  schulz has been advocating things like eurobonds that would be actively bad for germany . 
  there also is a point that working with platforms like / r/the _ schulz does not lend itself to combating populism as that is just in indulging in populism yourself . 
  you are purpoefully dodging that question are n't you ? 
  this is very obviously not about a new asylum treaty . 
  well if you default a good economical situation will vanish pretty much immediately . 
  and how does hamon plan to finance this ? 
  and actually signficantly above minimum wage at that . 
  i am pretty sure i recall a sign at a local supermarket there saying they 'd be paying like 15 $ / hour ( that was in unterschlei\u00dfheim ? ), 
  you do know we literally introduced that one ? 
  and just raised it ? 
  that wo n't help with munich though . 
  well the trade surplus in germany is hardly temporary . 
  germany has had an export surplus pretty much its entire post war history . 
  the current surplus in germany has multiple reasons . 
  one is the ecb causing the euro to lose value which in return casues german export surplus to rise . 
  another is as you mentioned cheaper resource prices . 
  germany simply can not do much about the ecbs policies even if they are harmful for germany as the ecb is independent . 
  i would rather say that the surplus rising is more a sign of germany being more comptitive than the countries it is in a monetary union with and the ecb is pandering to the weaker countries which in turn leads to german exports to baloon . 
  if the euro were to say go back to 1,30 on the dollar a large chunk of that surplus would go away . 
  because the state is not in control of salaries . 
  i think germany will suffer quite a bit actually , but what i was thinimng about ere was that germany would still remain solvent . 
  the state finances wont collapse, 
  i think one way to stem that flow would be to have reception centers and then to redistribute those that are deemed a high likelyhood of approval of asylum application ( say syrians for example ) . 
  just closing the border is also only a last resort if all negotiations within europe fail and honestly it is looking like this and i honestly can not blame my government for that . 
  it is not germany that prevents a solution on this . 
  and yes i do believe that there will be a closing of the border and i think that will stop a lot of the entries should the situation excalate again . 
  i also agree that they will find a way but i also believe that germany can tackle that issue . 
  nobody has a problem wiht greece . 
  i doubt even people would have had an issue with helping hungary , if orban did not immediately turn around and critized germany for helping hungary . 
  then what did you say ? 
  i think the thing that a lot of people did not realize is that this takes out a large chunk of good will out of the german people . 
  well there will be stopping them at the german border and prevent them from getting here . 
  there wo n't be another 2015 for germany . 
   so , everyone for themselves ? 
  sounds pretty selfish . 
  or pretty german . 
  germany tried to facilitate a european solution where everyone shares the burden . 
  that seems to have failed and the alternative to this is simply being selfish . 
  just taking everyone to germany again is simply not an option . 
  you can . 
  i do n't know what city that is , but ok . would it be an issue for people if i were writing k\u00f6ln ? 
  would it be a bigger issue if i was writing laibach ? 
  what about prag ? 
  i just always find poles to be a lot more butthurt about the names of their cities than most other nations . 
  i just believe that creating such a common border force is pretty pointless if we still end up with everyone in italy . 
  what we need is a solution for what happens with these people once we are in europe . 
  of course it would also benefit germany , but ultimately i do believe that germany could insulate itself from the issue more than italy simply due to geography . 
  right and i believe that having a common border patrol aswell as a redistribution scheme would be good for us overall and obviously benefit italy among the most . 
  without knowing which country you are from i can assure you that is wrong simply because germany was and is the biggest contributor to these . 
  nevertheless what you are saying here is that the union shouldo nly act on issues like common defense where it benefits you , but not say refugee quotas that would benefit southern europe . 
  oh all that european solidarity we saw in the refugee crisis . 
  i can feel it . 
  i remember vividly how all countries were lining up to help tackle the issue !, 
  i agree that the eu imploding would be bad for germany , but we can also just not have us be open to extortion . 
  we have the same countries that demonize germany ask for our money when it suits them . 
  of course you can say that . 
  you can care about the eu but not at any cost and what you are suggesting is just bad for germany . 
  so a union only when it benefits you ? 
  well germany had been in favour of a less expansive monetary policy , one that would have lead to a higher euro . 
  it is southern europe that is pushing to devalue the euro . 
  then frankly you are out of touch . 
  did you not know i got elected chancellor twenty minutes ago !, 
  so then we should also have the power to simply outvote eastern europe and that they have to take refugees in right ? 
  you can not eliminate unemployment completely . 
  there are always some reasons why some people are unemployed . 
  and if lower paying jobs give more welfare than unemployment benefits then i think it is a good thing to have these jobs . 
  it also reduces the burden on the rest of society because you do not have to pay for these unemployed anymore . 
   of course they are . 
  of course people buy more bmw and vw and less renault and fiat if the german cars are cheaper by comparison to before . 
  reasons why le pen is so strong with the working class in france and why 5-stars may have a majority after the next italian election . 
  but germany being an export powerhouse is not a development that only happened after the euro was introduced ? 
  did you really expect a country would be willing to make the same set of sacrifices for a different country that it made for a different part of its country that was taken for almost half a century ? 
  well but is n't the first and most important thing in politics reality ? 
  so you believe germany should pay because other countries are not willing to make sacrifices themselves ? 
  well a good chunk of countries have simply not tried . 
  and honestly if germany decides to take harsh measures that are also unpopular at the time to future proof the country and other countries do not , and then an event comes by that disrupts all countries and then those who are hit less because they took harsher measures before are asked to pay for other countries not trying to get a hand of their problems do you expect them to be happy about that or agree to just pay the tab ? 
  there is a huge difference between southern europe and eastern germany . 
  there just was a huge level of emotional connection . 
  people were willing to make a lot more sacrifices , were willing to accept tax hikes and even then reunification lead to one of germans worst periods economically . 
  well you will not get taxes without some form of representation .
