  i agree that we shoud stop blaming each other . 
  i personally think that there has to be some sort of redistribution scheme within europe because putting the entire burden on germany or greece wo n't work, 
  and what happens to these people ? 
  how will austria keep them from entering the country ? 
  will there be orders to shoot unarmed civilians ? 
  no that is not agreed upon at all . 
  and that seems to be the big problem . 
  honestly the only somewhat conclusive plan that i have seen was the plan that was pushed for by the german government , including hotspots at the border countries of the eu and then a redistribution along a quota to have a system to replace dublin and then also deals with turkey and hte magrehb and with who else you need to reduce the inflow . 
  that plan at least was more constructive than just throwing blame around, 
  march 38 ? 
  i still have n't seen a conclusive plan what happens when the quota is reached . 
  also just funneling people through to germany is not a solution . 
  and the euro is there aswell when it replaced dm and franc . 
  the pound also is only about h alf as big a part of the currency basket as the dm was, 
  indeed there was just nobody that could stand up against it . 
  i would still consider it a crime against humanity . 
  stripping people of their property and their homes is heinous . 
  repatriating is quite the euphemism . 
  lots of people were a bit of a dick in that time ... 
  but i think the mass deportations of germans from the former eastern territories aswell as czechoslovakia and other countries were the biggest wave of deportations . 
  almost a quarter of german ww2 territory got snapped up, 
  we should make a song about the mass deportations of germans after ww2, 
  a higher body count ? 
  honestly that sounds a lot scarier, 
  good luck !, 
  there are lots of old voters . 
  also he is a member of the conservative party . 
  honestly it does n't matter but i could see some old people having a problem with it and most people see through it anyways, 
  honestly the euro seems like a lot better of an idea if you have countries that are economically closer . 
   sure , we can also detonate a tsar bomba in berlin , but we 're not willing to . 
  does it matter how we call it though ? 
  yes because it is a big differenece i countries are unwilling or unable to do something . 
   how long do you intend to keep up this dishonesty ? 
  i keep reading this on reddit , but somebody must have learned you something about statistics right ? 
  what dishonesty ? 
  in postwar germany you had a bit less than 20 % of the population as refugees . 
  the eu has a bit more than 500 million people so 20 % would be even more than the entire population of germany . 
  this is just to illustrate between the difference of what might be possible and what people might be willing to do . 
  greater bavaria would make a lot more sense as austria and bavaria combined leaving out francia, 
   you realize the knife cuts both ways right ? 
  we ca n't harbour people in these amounts . 
  we ca n't is in my oppinion blatantly false . 
  we are not willing to is more accurate . 
  if post war germany could harbour 12 million people with no chance of ever returning then how can the much much larger eu in a much better shape than germany was at the time not harbour 2 or 3 million people ? 
  see if we scaled the numbers from after ww2 up we 'd get something like the entire nation of germany needing refuge in another country of the eu . 
  3 million among 500 million is not even 1 % of the population . 
  the thing is you need turkey 's consent to shove people back . 
  there are no international waters between turkey and greece . 
  i see that happen aswell . 
  i do n't see other countries leaving germany really a choice . 
  also germany will obviously be blamed for the ensuing humanitarian crisis . 
  i also still do n't see why people imagine the problem will be solved if we close the borders . 
  i just see even biggger problems arising, 
  honestly i am not a lawyer and i am not really sure about the exact legal requirements . 
  i 'll leave this up to lawyers , it is just a point where in my layman understanding problems could arise . 
  also yes nobody could or would really touch the eu if the states were to start ignoring un conventions , but then we also lose our rights to be outraged if other states ignore them . 
  i do n't think we should sacrifice this lightheartedly and as you said it is also setting a very very dangerous precedent . 
  also of course those chartas could be amended , changed or even revoked , but i highly doubt this would happen again because it sets extremely dangerous precedents . 
  also again is n't the bigger problem that states are not willing to implement them ? 
  practically if the eu wanted i really doubt it would be a problem to work with 2 or 3 million refugees , actually probably even higher numbers . 
  it all depends on what you are willing to do . 
  see after the war the two german states coped with 12 million refugees and even considering that this was easier because these were culturally closer it also where an awful lot more refugees . 
  if you scaled this up to the eu it were as if the eu had to somehow grant refuge to every citizen of germany with no chance of them ever returning home and the eu is not ravaged by war and it is not 80 million refugees we are dealing with but rather something like 2 or 3 million , that also have a chance of returning when the civil war in syria ends . 
  as for lybia that would definitely not work considering that lybia is in a state of civil war aswell . 
  also i doubt islands would work with the numbers we are looking at also again you need consent from the nations . 
  also who is gon na guard those camps ? 
  and what do we do if these camps get attacked ? 
   eu countries . 
  the split and sum is up for negotiation . 
  the cost of integrating and supporting refugees is already astronomical . 
  germany is budgeting $ 17 billion for the next year . 
  that alone would probably cover most of the cost . 
  i doubt 17 billion would cover the costs of such an endevour considering the vast costs youneed for infrastructure and the costs for military to guard those camps aswell as the costs imposed by the countries you get the teritory from . 
  are there also plans in place for humanitarian aid in greece that will be necessary ? 
  honestly i am just seeing the eu as a whole threatened by now , not only schengen falling . 
  i see people trying to forego human rights . 
  i just do n't see a way out of this crisis by now and i also fear we will have dead bodies soon , we will have the irc trying to get humanitarian aid going in greece . 
  honestly it just seeems like a disgrace what people are apparently willing to sacrifice, 
  and what happens when they sue before the european court of human rights , because that almost surely violates the charta . 
  what do we do when people inevitably die due to these policies ? 
   in that case they 're either deported to their homeland if possible or safe or hosted in safe camps in a third country and which third country will do that ? 
  which country will allow itself to turn into europe 's refugee camp ? 
  who will pay for these camps and the transportation and the security and the infrastructure necessary in general ? 
  the biggest hurdle i see still is the legal hurdle though, 
  and how is turning greece into a giant refugee camp a solution ? 
  also why would the greek state be complicit in that ? 
  has your govrnment also by now stated what happens to those people coming when the quotas are filled ? 
  we then have the problem of numbers exploding tho if you allow people to apply for asylum in europe from these camps . 
  if you do n't allow them they will still come here, 
  it also does n't include austria or the netherlands . 
  i can actually understand leaving out portugal as a rather small country , but having spain , but not italy seems weird, 
  austria could when they process those applications deny them asylum on the base of the dublin agreement and deport the people back to where they entered . 
  the point is that they have to allow people to ask for asylum not that they have to always say yes . 
  yeah i may not agree with the afd , but vandalizing offices is a crime and absolutely unacceptable . 
   `` austria has the legal obligation to accept every claim for asylum made on their territory or their borders '' . 
  accept in the sense of processing applications tho , rather than granting asylum . 
  well avoiding a humanitarian crisis was the point of letting people in from hungary . 
  if we have to close the borders now a humanitarian crisis will rise tho i would expect it in greece, 
  o\u015bwi\u0119cim is in poland and so is the concentration camp there . 
  auschwitz is in poland tho andnotinrussia,
