  what keeps us from tieing any sort of benefits to residence ? 
  the ecb at is playing its own part in the german trade surplus by having its interest rates so very low . 
  most people have a connection to these events . 
  basically everyone has parents and/or grandparents that told them of the fall of the wall or lived through it themselves . 
  making proper border control a possibility is a good incentive in my mind at least . 
  the article you commented on literally said that the visegard group denied a permanent quota , but without a permananent quota you ca n't secure the outer eu borders or well there is no incentive for greece/italy to do that . 
  you do know the migrant quita system idea was created to make it possibke to control , people at the borders instead of letting thej roam freely ? 
  so there were four people shot by the police in the netherlands ? 
  benefits . 
  german state is required to provide for human dignity, 
  and what do we do with those that get approved ? 
  even as a native you can do a lot against getting your benefits cut with a lawyer . 
  the issue is tht if you are this poor you wont be able to afford a lawyer and ther are less organisations here . 
  art 1 gg applies to all, 
  the thing is the german supreme court already denied plans to reduce benefits more ... 
  the thing is it is quite hard to decrease current account surplus if the primary way to reduce it is cut off . 
  the way to increase valuation of your currency . 
  if the euro had those 10 % -15 % increased value the account surplus already dwindles away , but germany ca n't just increase the valuation . 
  undervalued currency is the reason for the huge current account surplus . 
  it is in germany as it was and is in china . 
  the majority of greek debts was held by greek banks , not by german banks . 
  it is a subsidy that it is more expensie to buy gas or to buy stuff from outside the eu ? 
  the argument that the surplusi s outside the eurozone is relevant in so far as the eurozone economies are far more important to us than the rest of the wrold . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  and we have seen the greek government spending return to a more reasonable deficit again . 
  the point is you ca n't finance growth by overspending forever . 
  that will backfire horribly, 
  you will never lift all boats . 
  it is also hard to get an image of economy being in good shape when you have interest ridiculously low and hearing messages of doom and gloom out of the rest of europe . 
  it is also correct that it was primarily redirecting exports to the rest of the world but ultimately that accomplishes the goal of balancing trae within the ez . 
  it is not germany 's job to finance other eu countries if they do not produce goods that are interesting to buy in germany . 
  we had our reforms in germany they can do theirs themselves . 
  i am also not an economist myself , but none of these articles soundly explain why a german trade surplus with countries outside the eu matters so much for the eu . 
  also some of the measures people always say germany should do are already happening . 
  we have seen a huge infrastructure package being singed , we have seen record wage growths . 
  the greek crisis was in large parts caused by low interest rates becoming available to greece too , but yes it would also not have greece hit that hard if even more german money had been transferred there, 
  the economy is in good shape . 
  unemployment is on record low we had record wage growth . 
  also of course someone has to do the importing , but intra ez trade balance for germany is balanced . 
  it is not like germany is running a huge surplus with these countries, 
  in germany times are good and you asked for reasoning for german policy . 
  i also disagree that germany is making it worse or rather that it is worse in the long term . 
  we ca n't have italy or spain be the next greece, 
  how many times the energy needed is produced in chooz in france then ? 
  which enabled overspending because it seriously reduced the interest rates on greek bonds ? 
  the german working class should rise up and go for a revolution to set up a proper communistic state !, 
  or the gamble greece lost ? 
  it certainly does n't benefit german banks . 
  germna banks have been crying for higher interest rates for a while already . 
  banks are not exactly that profitable at these rates, 
  the point is that if you spend money you do n't have to recklessly when times are good you get in trouble when the next crisis hits and we have n't even reached pre 2008 levels of debt ratio again . 
   while i think your realpolitik sense is spot on , i also believe that long term there will have to be a transfer union . 
  that is politically completely unpalatable though especialy considering the recent greek crisis, 
   they 're mad that they 're constantly getting berated for not living up to the maximum deficits rule , whilst germany constantly runs over its allowed surplus without any consequences . 
  and there have been no consequences from the eu side for overspending either . 
  we just had the greek crisis which was in large parts caused by reckless overspending from the greek government . 
  germany also does n't have a trade surplus within the ez ( or well a very small one ) , but outside the ez it is hard to get that reduced when the euro is valued so lowly . 
   italy has also been struggling with the influx of migrants over the last 5 years , without the eu doing much to help other than insisting that dublin must be upheld . 
  again the eu ca n't do much if the member states are blocking any sort of solution . 
  would you say it would be wrong to say we do n't want jews to come work here ? 
  would you say it is wrong to say we do n't want any gypsies here ? 
  no these are international waters . 
  agreements for saving people from sinking ships apply here though and you can not that easily dump the people in lybia . 
  saying italy does something on its own would imply to me that it is not soemthing done on eu level . 
  of course not , but we can make educated guesses . 
  next up : russia today on the situation in crimea !, 
  you do know that this means that he will bring people to the alps and then basically tell them to try and get where they wan na go ? 
  so have them not save people ? 
  should they let them drown ? 
  that is a very very slippery slope . 
  i do n't think using people as pawns is particularly good . 
  there wo n't be anohter fall like last year . 
  i do n't think merkel could give in again . 
  and i thought word conspiracy was the domain of the jews ... 
  the point is that this is one part of a possible solution only which in part is not workable . 
  saying that this solves the problem is just wrong . 
  like scolding iran for its nuclear program and telling others to do the same does n't solve the threat of the nuclear program of iran, 
  no i do n't want their party program . 
  i want their plan on how to easily end the refugee crisis within the boundaries of the law, 
  yes kinda . 
  east berlin obviously is , but also berlin just lies in the heart of east germany . 
  also it is a large cities and those have a tendency of leaning left . 
  also interestingly there is a fairly large discrepancy between western and eatern berlin . 
  in the west the cdu won 21 % and in the east only 13 % . 
  west had 10 % left east had 23 % left . 
  afd 12 % west 17 % east greens 17 % west 13 % east . 
  fdp 8.5 % west 4 % east, 
  die linke is always doing really well in eastern germany . 
  much less so in western germany, 
  who calls the tories , the cdu , les republicains or the \u00d6vp populist or far right ? 
  and now you get an spd-left-greens government ... 
  then scorpions outclass both by far . 
  rammstein sold something like 16 million records while scorpions sold more than 100 million . 
  you also then have people like beethoven , mozart or wagner . 
  i think this is for modern artists, 
  gr\u00f6nemeyer is far more popular in germany at least than rammstein . 
  i guess that was an american . 
  rammstein sold nowhere near as much as scorpions . 
  gr\u00f6nemeyer is only really popular in the german speaking part of the world, 
  this does not solve anything .
