  uhm most muslims i know certainly have a lot more german values than sharia values , in fact i would say almost all of them, 
  this is only the first 20 articles that are like 2 pages . 
  but that is basically only a technicality . 
  for all practical purposes it is the german constitution . 
  just as it only was meant to be temporary, 
  i am fairly certain that if you moved to germany and got a course here you would get up to a reasonable german very quickly . 
  obviously learning german as a dutch native is a lot easier than if arabic were to be your native language, 
  i think a way would be to print commented versions in arabic for example , that explain in a more easy to understand way what is meant by the articles, 
  the first twenty articles especially are the ones that they should be reading . 
  i think the bigger problem is actually a logistics company that could use the german warehouses to ship out to the netherlands . 
  there are 2 amazon logistics centers right behind the dutch german border, 
  that was because we had a strong euro compared to the pound, 
  would n't it make a lot more sense to redirect to amazon.de ? 
  i mean those centres are a lot lot closer than the uk distribution centre and there is no sea in between our countries, 
  well they have 2 logistics centres right behind the german dutch border pretty much, 
  they also have 3 warehouses that are maybe 100 km from the german belgian border in germany, 
  yeah but still hamburg is 3 or 4 times as far away and nothing really changes when you drive over the border . 
  people just speak a bit different, 
  you 'd just need to not use that word, 
  if you buy a book the shipment is free fi you order over something like 20 $ the shipment is free aswell on amazon . 
  i think i never payed shipping on amazon even though by now i am using prime because it is just very useful and we are sharing a prime account for the familiy, 
  well that doesnt make it any less necessary . 
  just leaving a state like bavaria with the burden does not work, 
  the thing is it is bullshit to just deflect them onto everyone else . 
  i like thaat we have clear quotas in germany and that the asylants get distributed everywhere, 
  actually that is not exactly right . 
  eigenbedarf only applies to real persons . 
  for cities you use `` berechtigtes interesse '', 
  i dunno i live a lot closer to the austrian then to the swiss one . 
  switzerland would probably be third on my list tho . 
  also i always felt like the swiss always did somewhat their own thing while austria may have very well been a part of germany if history played a litttle differently, 
  so killing off all jews is not racism by your definition ? 
  you literally just said that there are already hundreds of thousands of muslims to many , implying that best is no muslims at all therefore discriminating against muslims regardless, 
  you are probably upset if i call you a blatant racist ? 
  austria is certainly the european contry i feel culturally connected the most to by quite a big margin . 
  although i would disagree that you are politically a part of germany, 
  i demand reparations from italy for the invasion of my home country by the roman empire !, 
  this level of racism is basically the norm here recently, 
  yes that was one statement a few weeks ago that there is no limit to the basic right to asylum . 
  right now they are realizing that while this is right in theory this just doesnt work out in practice, 
  actually i have had not a single german person accuse me of being a nazi or throwing those references at me , but then again i do n't hold these views . 
  also i feel like the reason why these people get labeled nazis easily , because they rely a lot on blatant racism and fearmongering in my oppoinion, 
  this is about illegal immigrants in your country tho and not about people applying for asylum . 
  actually the us declines a ton of people applying for asylum just due to geographical reasons a lot of people simply ca n't reach the us fleeing , but europe is a lot more reachable from the middle east, 
  we probably have to tackle religious extremism a very similar way we tackled right wing extremism, 
  there are already hundreds of thousands of muslims here ... 
  it is not like he is making news or anything ... 
  he does a comedy show, 
  actually not i am listening to htem a lot and just today there was a lot of talk how there have to be practical limits to asylum and how germany can not take in everybody, 
  guateloupe , martinique and guyana are certainly very white race !, 
  france should really do something about that !, 
  he clearly presents an oppinion so he does n't have to look at both sides . 
  that is why it is just an oppinion, 
  that is really not the rhetoric . 
  i somehow feel you do n't actually listen to what they speak, 
  well it is a 100 % true source of oppinion . 
  that does n't mean you have to agree with that oppinion tho, 
  yeah i can fullly sympatheisze you , but getting to feel it yourself makes it way easier . 
  i would guess that american and german flairs are the worst right now, 
  if your only source is a comedian chances are you were not looking for all the facts anyway . 
  take it as what it is as comedy with a political oppinion, 
  i do n't know i feel like i can identify well with both germany and bavaria , but also with baw\u00fc and hesse , but i also grew up basically where those 3 states meet . 
  if you only take a lose look it can be not extremely clear . 
  also it is always easier to distinguish people from your own country i would say . 
  i kinda doubt if i switched my flair to bavaria that would help also because that is probably the most iconic flags of the german states, 
  yeah i can let it slide for a long while but sometimes i just cant stay calm . 
  i also dont want to be insulted being insane or have my country being accused of moral imperialism just because i hold a different oppinion regarding asylum . 
  i just feel like i would get way less attacks on me if i did n't have that flair , but i also do n't want to be hiding . 
  in a way i do n't want these people to win, 
  honestl it was just top of the head from what came to my mind . 
  i also specifically did n't mention guest workers from turkey in the 60s and 70s and the immigration wave from the balkans once they became shicken countries . 
  i also doubt that it will change that much . 
  keep in mind that from the 800k asylum applicants more than half will be declined and i would expect the asylum laws and the rules for deportation to be tightened . 
  also there is already a fairly big especially turkish community and while it changes germany i do n't think change is necessarily bad and i highly doubt it will change germany even remotely as mcuh as the events in the late fourties ( read after ww2 ) the fifties and the sixties, 
  well he has a clear political oppinion , but he also never says anything about being even remotely neutral . 
  i do n't see a problem if a comedian has an oppinion . 
  if you do n't like it dont watch it, 
  yeah both extremes are bullshit . 
  i think you have to find solutions for how to solve the problem , but i think being legitimately scared of an islamic revolution in germany is just bullshit . 
  you have to find a solution somewhere in between . 
  i think you have to communicate if you have issues but in a calm way and open to arguments and without letting fear influence you too much, 
  sounds delicious, 
  more transformative events since napoleon for example were the 1848 revolution and the time before that . 
  the austro-prussian war in 1866 , germany actually being founded in 1871 . 
  the first world war , the post war inflation and the hyperinflation in 1923 . 
  the rise of nazism in the 1930s , the second world war . 
  the occupation of germany after the war , the refugee waves from eastern europe that were cleansed by the soviets ( which by the way were about 15 times of the applicants we have this year ) , the 68 movement , the reunification of germany and the introduction of the euro . 
  i also probably missed some , but i think you get the gist, 
  yep and they most likely will be declined . 
  they still clog up the asylum system tho, 
  and i can fully sympathize with them . 
  you get attacked repeatedly just for having a german flair . 
  you get nazi references thrown at you all the time . 
  try for a few days to change your flair to a german one and see how the responses change . 
  also you can see that there are not that many german flairs overall here compared for example to during the time of the greek crisis, 
  it is easy to go full extremist either left or right wing . 
  i personally think we need a moderate solution and a pragmatic approach . 
  i think you need to be more consequent with deportations of declined asylants . 
  if people openly brand islam as generally evil and calling refugees third world scum , i am sorry . 
  i will call these people bigots and nazis because that is what they are to me,
