  the question is are you willing to sacrifice a part of the very foundation to combat a threat , real or just perceived , to our culture ? 
   i say be bold and kick them out regardless of what the un thinks . 
  let international outcry happen , and let the historians crucify you later . 
  the sad thing is there probably would n't even be such an outcry because it is europe that usually would cry out . 
  i really do n't think we should sacrifice some of the foundation of our culture to combat some perceived threat to our culture lightly . 
  germany is the country in europe pushing for a fucking european solution the whole time . 
  you know every speech of every german politician is trying to solve the issue on a european scale because germany can not do it on its own . 
  we ca n't just go to greece and start control the borders . 
  we ca n't just force other european countries to take part in a solution . 
  which other country has given a proposal for an at least semi workable solution ? 
  also this issue is really not for only germany to decide , we ca n't decide on a policy . 
  it is pointless if other countries are not interested in partaking, 
  really ? 
  that seems like a fairly centrist speech to me . 
  i personally agree with all of these points , but he still does n't mention how he is planning to solve the problem for europe or what his suggestion is . 
  and we would face an even bigger humanitarian crisis in greece ... 
  i never said anything about the law being well designed or thought to end . 
  i just stated what the law says . 
  that said the law will adapt if necessary , but i do n't think we should abandon basic rights lightly . 
  i do n't claim anything i just pointed to the law and that does not contain upper limits . 
  you know people thought this threw . 
  yes these laws were n't made with something like this refugee crisis in mind , but i would certainly consider world war 2 a worse even and that was hat was in peoples minds, 
  but we are i ngermany and not in turkey or not in jordan . 
  this is also not about making people feel good , but rather about following the law . 
  there simply is no upper limit in \u00a7 16 gg or in the geneva convention . 
  yes , but would n't it be more wise to house them outside of the big cities ? 
  honestly it would only be a problem if the eu for some reason decided that it wanted to be tough on the uk , but that wo n't happen . 
  the euro as a fiscal union seems like a bad idea because so many economically weak countries are part of it . 
  a euro that consisted of germany , austria , the benelux and great britain for example would be feasible as a fiscal and transfer union . 
  trying to prop up portugal , greece or slovakia up to german or british niveau just seems outrageously expensive . 
  just look at how expensive it was to reduce the difference between west and east germany with spending in the trillions . 
   i 've met many europhiles who believe we 'd be just fine outside the eu , just that we 'd be better inside . 
  i think this is a critical point . 
  i do n't think the uk would crumble if it were to leave the union . 
  i do think tho that the uk would take a hit and that it could be more powerful from within the eu . 
  why the fuck do we house people in fucking berlin ? 
  it would be so much cheaper to house them in the surrounding muncipalities . 
  there are a lot more refugees than homeless to house . 
  putin only has two daughters, 
  well yeah , but it was simply overburdening greece and hungary . 
  would you expect a country to execute a regulation that it literally can not perform ? 
  and to which international waters should greece return people ? 
  there are no international waters betweeen greece and turkey, 
  well because you ca n't stop everyone from leaving greece without collapsing greece at rapid speed . 
  you also ca n't just sink ships . 
  pushing the problem just onto countries like italy or greece wo n't work, 
  germany ? 
  well yeah but people do n't want a solution that incorporates all european states . 
  well spain wo n't have a choice , but also suffer a loss . 
  just look at how logistics within europe would basically have to be redone . 
  think for example that if you want to sell spanish fruit in germany that will have to be more exepnsive due to higher cost of logistics, 
  you are preaching the choir . 
  i konw that . 
  i disagree that there was no massive pressure on nuclear plants tho . 
  there was absurd amounts of public pressure tho and germans historically already dont like nuclear power . 
  see i would be hapier if the nuclear plants wouldnt be shutdown , but there were reasons even if they were bad reasons . 
  in the uk if the greens suddenlymsurged to 30 % + dont you think the government would take action ? 
  you 'd probably exclude switzerland . 
  also the term you were looking for is gro\u00dfdeutschland . 
  what would happen if the us declared it would annex canada ? 
  nobody could stop them either, 
  but can you blame the pakistanis ? 
  didnt she get hardship in the end ? 
  well a lot of countries are just refusing to set up eu wide systems, 
  well if everything else fails germany can start deporting people under the dublin agreement, 
  like the netherlands ? 
  but if germany and austria formed a new country ? 
  do n't you think you could sell some papers with giant headlines of `` anschluss '' ? 
  well i certainly could see some american newspapers writing some not so nice stories , to put it nicely, 
  we could anschluss the czech republic tho . 
  that would look nicer on a map then, 
  well how can you expect the eu to do stuff if you do n't give it the power to do stuff ? 
  i still do n't see how that changes anything . 
  i honestly would expect the eugh to overturn that again . 
   out of curiosity as an outsider the use of `` deutsche volk '' sounds a bit err ... `` hitlery '' is that always how it sounds or do people say it innocently enough in other contexts . 
  that 's why only the npd refers to `` deutsches volk '' . 
  it does n't only sound a bit hitlery to you . 
  i also would translate volk as people because for example all the people 's republics are called volksrepublik in german . 
  folk is also i think a less common word in english than people edit : note that the german grundgesetz refers to `` deutches volk '' tho, 
  it is territory that is still culturally very much austrian unlike for example the german territories annexed by poland . 
  i think you could just ask the people of south tyrol , similarly to what happened with the saarland . 
  yes you could translate volk both as people or folk , both are common . 
  i also mostly wanted to point out that it does n't say german people/folk , but rather our people/folk . 
  also yes the words most likely have the same roots . 
  whenever i hear folk , i usually think of music hence i usually use people as translation . 
  yes i stand corrected !, 
  i actually read up on the definition . 
  i first read it as a contry made up of multiple nations and germany was made up of multiple nations . 
  and no there is no secessionist movement in germany at all really . 
  in bavaria the bayernpartei , that wants secession exists , but they are not really relevant scoring 2.1 %, 
  just a note : it says `` our people '' first and not `` german folk '' first . 
  it really depends on how you look at it in my oppinion . 
  also germany grew an awful lot closer over the last 150 years . 
  150 years ago a guy from munich and a guy from k\u00f6ln would not have understood each other , not more than if i were to go to amsterdam today . 
  also why would you say the linguistical seperation in italy or france was harsher than in germany ? 
  i think germany was composed of multiple nations , but i would n't call it a multinational state as these states were fairly similar . 
  well it depends . 
  you can most certainly say that multiple nationalities came together in germany in 1871 . 
  they only really shared that they all spoke some form of german . 
  that said in 1871 a guy from the area near the dutch border ( for exmaple someone from north of dortmund ) would have most likely been able to talk somewaht with a dutch guy while being unable to understand a guy from bavaria .
