  the police told everyone in the first week of 2016 ? 
   and who trusts the german police at this point ? 
  their consistent habit of lying about the ` refugee ' disaster has been exposed quite prominently in the cologne incident . 
  do n't see maliciousness , when it is much easier explained by simply incompetence . 
  it is also not like the police did n't report it . 
  they were just too bad at realizing what went on and in response acted to get this years silvester right ( they increased the police presence tenfold ), 
  the issue with that story was that russia today is not operating under german jurisdiction . 
  i am pretty sure that video was from tahrir square in cairo . 
  and for the us : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schenck_v._united_states, 
  there was also like no active campaigning against sanders . 
  it is not like clinton made an effort to really dig out dirt to throw at sanders anywhere close to the level the republicans would have . 
  and i would n't even be sure that some of the more centrist leaning democrats would have been fine with sanders either . 
  do n't forget clintion won the primaries even ignoring superdelegates, 
  and you could make that argument for say canada too ? 
  in germany ( and in i would think in the uk too ) that is because these are public stations . 
  hence ard and zdf ( and the other channels ) always are said to try to be neutral which i feel like works somewhat decently for some programs ( like news for example ) and not so well for some documentaries for example . 
  that 10k number is only an example . 
  the point is deporting an individual person is more expensive than just giving them some money to fuck off . 
  you are rewarding them to go away nothing more to make life easier for everyone . 
  you have to track these people and send police to pick them up . 
  you have possible costs for court batles over said deportation . 
  now the question is do we want to spend like 10k to deport people or give them 3k and a plane ticket to leave ? 
  one option is a lot less expensive . 
  the real issue is that there is no working database to prevent people reentering multiple identities, 
  you pay that money because it is cheaper than going through a deportation . 
  keep in mind to deport someone is much kore expensive than only a plane ticket, 
  rather vote csu and get spd out of government . 
  what we need is realistic solutions and a more conservative government and realistically , voting afd does nothing in that regard . 
  it just makes a grand coalition more likely i also dont want a more pro russian government, 
  these values are not only shared among the left wing crowd . 
  a lot of conservatives also share these values . 
  which current right wing extremists in europe do even pursue right wing economic policies ? 
  a religious freak ? 
  all i read about him was that he is a catholic , which as far as i am aware is perfectly his own matter and we should not forget that a majority of french is still christian . 
   1 ) human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  that is only the translation and it is the german text that is valid and that in my oppinion clearly says `` human dignity is inviolable '' . 
  you are also a lot more likely to die by suicide than in a car accident statistically . 
  well even the european part of russia would leave that as the largest european population, 
  i dont know either . 
  i would not have put belgium there kyself . 
  maybe a represntation of the eu ? 
  left greens and spd . 
  there are only four parties in the bundestag currrently, 
  you do know what a bailout is ? 
  you are lending money so they can pay debt . 
  uhm a greek a spanish a german and a portugese flag sucking off of germany ? 
  but why is germany sucking off of germany ? 
  and why is the german flag turned sideways ? 
  if that is supposed to be belgium then the colours are in the wrong order . 
  now what is if i am both north and south of the main ? 
  considering how many hundreds of thousands refugees came into germany that pretty much all went through bavaria and often were there for quite a bit i would imagine it rose significantly . 
  oh you do n't have to convince me on that . 
  frankfurt has more of a history in that though considering 1848, 
  i do n't know about you , but for me having lived all my life in southern germany ( or well rather in the middle ) i am just a lot more familiar with the differences in the south than those in the north . 
  the less you know a group the more homogenous it tends to look . 
  well something like 15 % of the german population is living in bavaria and the csu obviously stands as its own party as part of the coalition . 
  in before nuremberg demands the imperial regalia back from vienna, 
  even just the cdu was well ahead of the spd . 
  it is also a bit of an unfair comparison considering that the cdu was not up for vote in bavaria the second largest state . 
  stronk partitioned polan ? 
  how so ? 
  i would just say that the bavarians are the most vocal about their state in federal politics . 
  that is just banter between the regions i would say . 
  but there are regional differences all across germany too . 
  it is not like non bavaria is one homogenous blob . 
  damn , turkey really ca n't catch a break :(, 
  they might sell these products in more places and just make the pictures once . 
  well the difference between 14 and 12 salaries is largely of clerical nature . 
  you also said theat these center right years were mostly grand coalitions . 
  well the centre left years also were mostly grand coaltions . 
  well austria was 32 years centre right and 39 years center left , and germany had 20 years of centre left and 45 years of centre right chancellors . 
  i do not think that there is overall a huge divide here though . 
  maybe a friendly offer to join ? 
  that 's of course also a good option . 
  i personally think vienna certainly is a more beatiful city than berlin . 
  that said geographical distance makes this a bit less practical but if that is what it needs i am all for it !, 
  also funnily the direct route between vienna and berlin is going through the czech republic . 
  bavaria turned from a net receiver for a long time into now by far the largest net spender . 
  hesse is also a major giver state in the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich , actually giving more per capita than baw\u00fc . 
  hamburg is also giving some . 
  i also agree that states like berlin should have to get their finacnes in order instead of just leeching , but we ca n't vote for their government , but i do n't know a good way to solve this in a federal state , because i surely do n't want berlin voters in our bavarian elections . 
  i think we should keep it the way it is . 
  i would actually prefer austria joining germany ( which most likely also wo n't happen any time soon ) . 
  because a referendum is expensive and there is no serious movement for it ? 
  i am not even sure if such a referendum would even be deemed constitutional even if the act of seceeding would be possible, 
  i know , but ultimately germany is no loger prussia . 
  prussia ultimately failed during the world wars and got fully chopped up . 
  today prussia does n't exist anymore . 
  a more neutral city than berlin would probably be better ( say frankfurt for example ) , but ultimately that is an issue of practicability because ultimately the required institutions already exist in berlin, 
  well yes . 
  and then after ww1 the allies shut down a notion to join germany again . 
  you could also hardly have had a great german state without splitting up the austrian empire in the 1870s which you understandably did not want . 
  i still think that there is not that big a difference between austria and germny . 
  if anything the border does certainly not match the cultural border . 
  well that party was created right after the war and actually held some 18 % in one state election , but sharply fell of quickly after . 
  it still exists , but it is just a fringe party . 
  and i am sure you have nutty fringe parties in france too, 
  the only difference seems to be that therei s an actual independence movement in catalonia unlike in bavaria . 
  no there was a court decision recently because someone that wanted this sued . 
  the only party advocating bavarian indepence got 2 % in the last state elections .
