  no state has fully leveraged its power within the eu . 
   whereas the current situation is leading to massive conflict in europe and is undermining the existence of the eu as a whole . 
  the very existence of the european union is at stake regardless . 
  the real issue though is that apprentlly states have very much differing oppinions of what the eu should be . 
   the nations in southeast asia loathe immigration as you perceive it . 
  if anything is losing us credence there it 's that nonsense . 
  the situation in southeast asia in regards to this has nothing to do with immigration directly . 
  this is about the potential consequences of hasty and thoughless acting . 
   which they are either way . 
  they 're far more prone to giving and taking money over short-term political slights . 
  they are soemwhat aggressive eitehr way . 
  essentially saying that such aggression is acceptable will only lead ot that aggression increasing . 
  it would also fully cement crimea as part of russia . 
   economic migration is not and has never been a human right as much as you like to destroy the meaning of the word . 
  and this is also not waht i mean . 
  i mean humane treatment for those fleeing war and persecution . 
   we do not in fact insure anything nowadays other than through the hardball tactics you decried earlier . 
  so how are we not ensuring humane treatment of refugees in europe right now ? 
   i note that you 're not particularly worried about the situation actually in europe either . 
  i am , but i do n't condone shortsighted `` solutions '' to the issue . 
  edit this accidentally sent . 
  i am completeing this right now !, 
  edit 2 : finished, 
   luckily for us then that there are several countries who would be happy to take them back with the right incentives and that merkel 's `` alternativeless '' politics are by no means an actually without alternative and that we must give turks visa free movement across the whole eu . 
  so tell me which countries these are and how you want to make sure that humane treatment will be guaranteed so that this will not just get struck down at the echr ? 
   there are several potential avenues internationally , just as those currently being abused against the east european countries for not buying the self-destructive suicidal ideology germany is selling . 
  fines , cutting of monetary support , setting up actual border controls such as those we 've had in the past and potentially , if we 're going to go that far , trade embargoes . 
  and these measures will only inc rease the refugee inflow to begin with and i do not think just playing power politics is a precedent we want to set . 
  this will just lead to more conflict in the world , to china seizing even more power in the south china sea , to russia being more forceful at exploiting its own influence . 
  also if europe does not safeguard human rights and points them out again and again how do weinsure that the human rights situation globabally does not deteriorate massively ? 
   keeping the euro and eu-friendly state artifically propped up at the personal cost of the greek people , who had the option of returning to the drachma and taking the smaller hit of deflating . 
  the greek state of course had the option of returning to the drachma , but that would have also had grave consequences for the greek people and would not have solved anything . 
  it would have wiped out savings , it would have made an import reliant country unable to pay for those imports and would have still been quashed under a mountain of debt . 
   not at all , any and all refugees should be returned to the point of entry , wether it 's libya or turkey ( in a couple of months when germany 's one-side visa accession deal with turkey falls apart ) . 
  you do know that without these deals there is no returning people ? 
  or do you propose greece should just invade turkey and lybia ? 
   countries that do n't accept them back are engaging in de-facto hostile acts , by allowing them through in the first place , and should be treated accordingly in the international arena . 
  so your solution is war ? 
  keeping greece from bankruptcy and keeping the greek state afloat ? 
  austerity had to happen one way or another anyways . 
  greece did not have access to the capital markets ( and still does n't have ) to lend money . 
  setting up proper border controls is also quite the euphemism for turning greece into a giant refugee camp . 
  the imf and merkel mobilized insane sums of money for these states ? 
  and for the rest that does n't happen for and in the meantime we just let greece and italy deal with the mess ? 
  what do you do whe nsupreme courts rule that youc a n't deport to hungary or greece due to human right concerns ? 
  ( that literally happned in germany ), 
  that is wrong . 
  in fact austria is in a similar ballpark as germany in terms of refugees per capita, 
  because austria has been taking in a massive amount of people comparable only to germany and sweden ? 
  so we just give greece and italy the middlefinger ? 
  die linke is the party of those that calls everyone nazis . 
  it is those stereotypical liberals people find idiotic . 
  it is just the afd on the other end of the political spectrum also actually there is only one landtag where there is not the spd or the cdu as the largest party and that is in baden w\u00fcrttemberg where the green party is the largest ( by far the most conservative wing of the green party though ), 
  i dont feel like it applies to germany . 
  politics are not as polarized here , but we also had the two largest parties form coalitions, 
  and i do n't think mixed gender patrols are a bad idea in general . 
  i just do think that having woman only ever go on patrol with a man is sexist , inefficient bullshit . 
  pairings should just be done by what fits best regardless of gender . 
  that is why i said it is overwhelmingly likely to involve an element of human error and not stated it as a fact . 
  then i missunderstood how it went down . 
  regardless if someone is not psychologically able to use the weapon in extreme cases they should not be a police officer regardless of being male or felae . 
  you could replace policewoman with policeman in my first sentence and the post still holds up . 
  honestly i do not see a scenario where the guy could have gotten the gun without the policewoman making a mistake . 
  if a policeman or policewoman is unable to make use of his or her weapon in extreme cases then honestly they have simply no business in being police officers . 
  things like women only being sent on patrol with men is just wrong . 
  that is just inefficient . 
  that said i am not all that familiar with the process of becoming a police officer . 
  i would have to ask my step sister for more as she is actually doing her final exams in her apprenticeship for police these days . 
  there is most likely an element of human failure involved in this . 
  uhm i am fairly certain that there are far more shootins as a result of police checks in the us than in germany, 
  polish name , though they are using polish names for all cities as small like this . 
  it is also gliwice and not gleiwitz . 
  auschwitz also was just occupied and the city never was german, 
  not exactly . 
  one of those sport everyone knows exist but few people actually play or follow . 
  i dont thin most people know any basketball player other than dirk nowitzki and maybe some americans, 
  no actually not . 
  i just googled it though, 
  is vilnius rigtfully polish too then ? 
  also is szczin rightfully german then in your mind becaus unlike gdansk that absolutely was german for most of its histoy, 
  really one of the weirdest things about german google maps that like half of the cities in poland have their ermannnames displayed , but not wroclaw , but it is danzig and stettin, 
  that doesmt really chnage the fact that it had a german speaking majority for most of its existence . 
  i guess different institutitions investigating, 
  this is the primary reason for the german current account surplus though . 
  i would also not blame the ecb for causing the aurplus if the ecb and the rest of the ez would not attck germany for it . 
  i also agree that workers rights are good , but there is a point where employment is more i portant . 
  wages also are rising right now more rapidly than in the past . 
  change needs time though, 
  of course the imf is not suggesting painful reforms for germany . 
  germany already has undertaken the agenda reforms . 
  other european countries have not undergone such policy though and are now in a tougher spot . 
  you also seem to be conflating current account surplus and government budget surplus a lot because half of the things you pointed out only tackle the latter rather than the former . 
  the fundamental issue of the large current account surplus though is that the euro is fundamentally valued too low for germany which in return makes german products more competitive which leads to higher exports . 
  the usualy consequence would be for the german currency to appreciate , which would also increase purchasing power of your german wage , but that is prevented by the ecb . 
  i do n't think either of us wants the effects that would lead to . 
  actually no . 
  the natural way for this to end would be the german currency appreciating and german exports subsequently losing some competitiveness . 
  the ecb is artificially keeping the euro cheap though . 
  the collapse of german exports because everyone else runs outof apetetie for buying german goods is also not really a realistic scenario . 
  you also simply chose to ignore the fact that the german state is not setting wages in the private industry,
