  hitlers vision was closer to the soviet union and their satellite states . 
  and what is your plan on getting france and the uk to participate ? 
  i mean germany in itself is a superstate of most of what were considered german lands, 
  so we hold ourselves to the same standards as the middle east ? 
  it just means that a slovakian vote for example has a lot more weight than a german vote, 
  a lot of countries in eastern europe are very small population wise , but there are lots of these small states, 
  the eastern block is mostly all tiny countries though but lots of them, 
  then why was this allowed ? 
  this is youtube preemptively blocking for the most part, 
  this looks a lot more like far right ... 
  yeah man who wants stupid shit like assuring human dignity in their constitution ? 
  you do not german citizenship just by being born in ermany, 
  can you explain me how they will so very easily be able to provide for themselves ? 
  also what is wrong with allowing people that know enough german , have lived here for years and can provide for themselves ( ! ), 
  citizenship ? 
  you are staunchly against the greek bailout and contributing financially to the e in general then ? 
  if not for these rockets and rocket shields we would have seen a conventional war in europe a long time ago again . 
  hell without nuclear weapons i would not be so sure if the russians would only play with their muscles and not muster a military intervention in eastern europe to restore their influence . 
  a victory with limited goals of war seems much more achievable in a world without these nuclear weapons . 
  well on reddit you will naturally find english speakers . 
  i personally learnt english in school , but really only got good at it through using it via the internet and more recently also watching tv shows in english ( usually everything is dubbed in german ) . 
  i personally only speak english apart from german , but i also learnt latin in school , but i did n't really keep much from that . 
  possibly different priorities . 
  i would also guess that the ratio of rent to spending for daily stuff might be different . 
  granted this is also a lot higher than what you would get in germany on welfare, 
  of course , but even a quite oversized role is really small compared to germany or france simply by virtue of being such a tiny country . 
  it certainly is quite a big role for such a tiny country and honestly i think it was a good idea to locate these institutions in luxembourg . 
  well 2900 a month is still only roughly half of the average gdp per capita in switzerland . 
  my last visit must have been some 15 years ago aswell when i was merely a child ( and we were visiting relatives in the area ) . 
  one question i am quite curious about though is how common is it for luxemburgish people to speak standard german ? 
  to be fair is n't luxembourg tiny and mostly irrelevant in the grand scheme of things ? 
  i certainly would not call luxembourg a shithole though . 
  it is a very rich country, 
  i mean you can just live in germany , france or belgium and go to work in luxemburg if you prefer that . 
  we can not really influence how you guys do your tax laws though and it just is a fact that luxembourg is mostly famous for its banks . 
  you are probably right though that it would be a lot better if the rest of europe would clean up on their legislation allowing for tax avoidance aswell . 
  this really reads like someone talking in their local dialect in german , but instead of just talking it writing it down . 
  honestly i do not think much of luxemburg , but honestly it is kind of descriptive that the only time i ever went to luxemburg was to go to a bank . 
  to me luxembourg is kinda one of those microstates in europe , one that might have very well been german if history played out a bit differently . 
  americans calling russians nationalistic is like the pot calling the kettle black . 
  maybe in a decade or two , but that guy is way too young to run for chancellor . 
  it seems so incredibly stupid to run into a housing bubble like this when everybody is already calling it out now when you could still stop it ... 
  well she is the queen of england is n't she ? 
  listin all places where she is queen would probably be a list a bit long . 
  her mother comes out of english nobility . 
  her father 's ancestry is mostly german , but her family would probably still be called `` of saxe-coburg-gotha '' if george v. had n't changed it . 
  she obviously is also still related to all of the older english royal families through her descendance from victoria i. 
  but does she really ? 
  would n't merkel for example hold significantly more power because she can actually decide where germany is heading while the queen is mostly representative ? 
  i could see merkel losing that title of most powerful woman in the world come fall though if clinton wins the us election, 
   i thought if they did n't have refugee status meant that whether or not they are refugees was already determined . 
  did i misunderstand you there ? 
   i think we may have misunderstood us here . 
  yes i agree that for those that have no right to be here there have to be deportations if they are not leaving voluntarily . 
   i still ca n't really see the problem with my solution . 
  these people are entering germany illegally often with false documents or the deliberately destroyed them . 
  so put them under arrest until there identity is secure and there application for asylum came back with a positive result . 
  which it should n't because by the time they are in germany they are no longer refugees . 
  the problem is that you are arresting people that have done nothing as far as we know , which is problematic . 
  it is also just more expensive than housing them in emergency shelters . 
   about that i actually looked a bit into it and i could n't find any mentioning of the \u00a7 1 in those bundesverfassungericht decisions . 
  it also only applies to greece and not italy . 
  if the bamf manages to get a assurance of the italian government that these families will receive a proper shelter they can be deported . 
  they reasoned that they asylum system in greece is not how it supposed to be according to eu rules . 
  it is still a ridiculous decision but changing that would be a very easy rule change that would n't mean slaughtering the gg . 
  i may have missunderstood that then . 
  regardless i do not think that the dublin system is in any way sustainable . 
   public perception and it usually backfires . 
  hussein , gadaffi , assad and backing countries like saudi arabia becomes increasingly unpopular . 
  i can at least not imagine a u.s. president openly meeting and working with these people , especially after the election in november . 
  hillary may do it in secret but for the other candidates that would be a major blow to their credibility . 
  liberating kurdistan however would look very good on television . 
  it would be the last resort to get erdogan in line . 
  erdogan wo n't be in power forever so what he does afterwards is not really relevant because i ca n't imagine turkey leaving nato . 
  he may behave like a spoiled kid for a few years but in the end he has an image to uphold to his citizens . 
  they ca n't see him lose . 
  the issue is what is to gain by alienating turkey ? 
  and turkey will retaliate if we try and `` liberate '' kurdistan . 
  if we do this we most likely can just forget about a deal with turkey . 
   the terror attacks in paris or brussels have shown that an uncontrolled flow of migrants is a recipe for disaster and it was only luck that germany was n't hit . 
  it is imperative for the security of germany and europe to create at least a place in syria where these migrants can be safely deported to . 
  something like that , i guess . 
   i disagree here . 
  these attacks have shown that there is a problem with radical islam , but again these perpetrators were not refugees . 
  where is the direct link ? 
   they entered the country illegally often with false or completely missing documentation while already having applied for asylum in different countries of the eu . 
  also it 's a great way to discourage them . 
  putting asylum seekers in prison in general would n't be unique either but i 'm only asking for that for people who did so illegally . 
  i believe latvia puts all of their asylum seekers regardless of where they came from in guarded prison-like camps to make sure they know who they are giving asylum without endangering the general public . 
  again how is that effective though ? 
  what are we trying to achieve here ? 
  and where do you take the prison capabilities for that from ? 
  i do n't disagree that you have to figure out who these people are though and if they deserve asylum . 
  the bamf is/was just completely overburdened with that task . 
   offspring of middle eastern immigrants , yes . 
  if you are trying to calm people by saying it 's not the current migration wave you need to worry about . 
  you need to worry about the frustrated youth of the next generation then you are not calming me because that number is even greater than the 1 million i was talking about . 
  also since european nations give out nationalities like candy they do n't need to be surprised when there are extremists among them . 
  the problem was and is still too much migration . 
  the attackers were from north africa in part at least , but that is probably not really the point .
