  actually it is fairly hard to see the differences . 
  it is fairly hard to distinguish who is a syrian for example or who is simply a turk living here for decades or even having been born here . 
  that is what my dad said at least . 
  living in munich i actually do n't see any differences but munich is pretty diverse anyways . 
  they are applying for asylum . 
  i do n't like those generalizations . 
  a good part are refugees fleeing from war and another good part is economic refugees . 
  do n't mix up asylum and immigration please, 
  you should n't be mixing up immigration and asylum . 
  man if a country going to shit is like this , maybe other countries should try it too ? 
  so a democratic government that tries to do what the populace wants within reason . 
  is n't that how democracy is supposed to work ? 
  merkel has kept germany mostly out of harms way during the crisises of the last decade . 
  she is also certainly not a populist , in fact she is one of those often critziced by populists . 
  she has withstood pressure to give in to things like eurobonds , even though she agreed to bail out greece again in 2015 , which probably should not have happeend . 
  i also do n't know why angela merkel should deny that she is a conservative . 
  she is the head of the german conservative party . 
  maybe some rotterdam laws in the spirit of the nuremberg laws ? 
  then you will be pleased to hear that there is no difference between a dutch and a morrocan persons blood !, 
  that plan of relocation is retarded and bound to fail as long as you allow people to just go elsewhere in europe . 
  they should be given two options : either go home or stay where you were assigned . 
  basically a lot of foreigners use the roads and that puts wear on the roads . 
  now you can put a toll on these roads to finance that . 
  people generally do n't like it when they have to pay a new fee . 
  that is why the politicians said that germans would get the exact sum they paid for toll as rebate when paying car tax . 
  that was ruled against eu law as it obviously favours germans . 
  you 'd need a more general reduction . 
  the problem with that is then that people will notice that they now have to pay this toll . 
  even if you reduce for example the gas tax at the same time people will notice that gas might be slightly cheaper , but that will be forgotten and people will only be pissed about having to pay tolls . 
  the issue with the toll is actually really stupid and i think it boils down that people notice that they now have to pay a toll more than they would notice if they would pay less for gas ( which was one suggestion from the ecj that germany could utilize to lessen the burden on their citizens ) . 
  if you make it clear that you will get rebated at tax exactly for the amount of toll people will see that and wo n't moan about the toll . 
  if you reduce some other tax you also can not easily guarantee that noone will pay more . 
  the ecj also did not fundamentally slam the idea , but rather that particular execution which was absolutely retarded . 
  and german highways are some of the best in the world and state managed . 
  the thing is how are you supposed to argue with someone that does n't want to hear actual arguments ? 
  how do you talk to a person who is just blindly following populists , even if their policies are actively bad for them , but do n't want to realize that ? 
  those that rather send a giant middle finger than actually change something ? 
  how are you supposed to deal with these people ? 
  should we not call irrational fears irrational because that could offend people ? 
  that 's just america though . 
  like i am a csu voter , so in germany a conservative . 
  now that overlaps with clinton quite a bit though , who in the us is somehow seen as conservative even if i would rather put her with theresa may and angela merkel than with any left wing politicians . 
  that is a philosophy most of europe subscribes to though . 
  that said i find 1 years salary or 4 month in prison way excessive for something simple as that . 
  the divison line between bavaria and austria is not really natural . 
  that is a lot more of a historic border . 
  then what is pulling you to latvia over say denmark or the netherlands ? 
  especially considering you will earn signficiantly less in latvia than in these coutnries . 
  yeah all that jungle in poland !, 
  also vietnam was backed by the su, 
  it is not like merkel had much of a choice in 2015 though . 
  her communication was bad at times though . 
   however this ignorance of facts , disregard of the truth , that is certainly not only cee 's phenomenon . 
  i never said such a thing and i certainly did n't mean it . 
  tuesday night was i think a great illustration of that . 
  honestly i am just glad that we seem to have some at least decent politicians in power who have n't really fucked up things too badly and that people seem to still vote for them even if it is less than 30 years ago, 
   really ? 
  you think that le pen 's main argument is poland and hungary taking too much eu funds ? 
  is n't it more about islamic terrorism and failed integration of some of the immigrants in their country ? 
  or the stagnant economy ? 
  i never said it was the main argument of anyone , but i think it is something a lot of people especially in germany are unhappy about . 
   the point is though , even if the situation now seems really bad , we need to learn how to protect our democratic systems on our own and hopefully this experience will make us stronger in the long term . 
  right and frankly i am at loss on that . 
  i simply do n't know how you get to people that simply live in their own filter bubble even if that does not match reality . 
  just like nato wo n't invade russia and yet it is a scenario that seems to be invoked in russia . 
  this was also only about the hypothetical capabilities of the russian military . 
  nothing more . 
   yeah , but then none of this happened but not only because there was simply no framework . 
  it did n't happen because other solutions were found before extreme steps needed to be taken . 
  i do n't deny that takign these steps would be extreme , but i do think it would be possible . 
   well me neither , but this is where we are right now . 
  the eu should carefully pick where to focus its attention . 
  as for now , i do n't think going hard against poland is the right way . 
  that could only alienate the polish society . 
  we can also not afford to let countries just blame everything on the eu . 
   the eu should focus on brexit , migration and rising euro-scepticism in the core countries like france or netherlands . 
  plus further military cooperation/security union . 
  those are the issues where the eu actually can make a difference . 
  the euro scepticism in the core is in a good part because you have such a divide because you have countries like poland that only are there to rake in the money or at least that is how it is perceived . 
   ultimately we in cee need to get our domestic politics in order on our own , we can not be constantly helped from abroad . 
  i agree , but i just do n't see that happening currently . 
   the current treaties do not allow this . 
  you can not just make up your own procedures because it 's convenient . 
  if the european law allowed such a possibility , i 'm sure it would have already been mentioned . 
  right . 
  there was also no procedure for greece leaving the eurozone and yet it was an option that was qutie heavily considered . 
  there is no framework to force the uk to trigger art . 
  50 and yet people talk about it . 
  the point is if you need that kind of procedure you can often find it if there is enough of a will to do something like that . 
  you ca n't leave yourself toothless . 
   no , you ca n't just strip a country of eu funds with no legal explanation . 
  you have to follow legal procedures . 
  and i never intended to say otherwise . 
  that said you could most likely somehow come up with a legal basis if the situation deteriorates fruther . 
   well , i wish you were right , but the eu does not have a infinite amount of political capital . 
  creating a backlash in another member country is something the eu does not really need right now . 
  no it has not , but ultimately the eu has to decide what it wants to be and i do n't want the eu to be a toothless tiger otherwise it is pointless quickly, 
  you are not denying democracy to anyone . 
  you enter a contract and if you break the terms do n't expect the other party to hold up their end of a bargain . 
  the thing with the idea that you have to lay down punishment if you lay down rules works well for most ordinary situation but not so well for inter state politics .
