  they simply stopped controlling people and instead ferried them to the austrian border . 
  it honestly seems like the people perputuating this claim have no real idea how the dublin agreement works . 
  what germany suspended were deportations under the dublin system , which that system allows . 
   i 'm also completely shocked that she just assumed the rest of europe would bail her out by accepting quotas . 
  how does someone who 's been in power for almost a decade not know who her most reliable allies are ? 
  how can she not anticipate their reaction to this crisis ? 
  too much good faith into our so called allies which apart from austria/sweden all fell away in this crisis . 
  but the real issue i see is that she simply had no real choice in the moment , not if she wanted to continue politically . 
  do n't forget that at the time a large majority of germans backed her decision . 
  was germany woefully unprepared ? 
  yes . 
  the rest of europe was unprepared the same way . 
  and yes turks also have the right to protest in our country . 
  these freedoms are enshrined in our constitution and as far as i am aware in the american constitution too . 
   oh just send them to a 45min lecture on our values and give them a brochure , that will obviously overwrite the value system they 've been raised with since birth you do know that the vast majority of these turks lived in germany their whole lives , grew up here went to school here ? 
  creating a new pan european solution would have always been obviously to benefit other states mostly the border states . 
  and both of these statements are completely true ? 
  we had islamic terrorism before the refugee crisis aswell and almost all terrorists were natives, 
  and how would you have gathered the necessary political clout for a military operation in northern syria ? 
  ithink at least in germany it would have been night impossible to rally the required support . 
  and yes the idea of taking people only from camps is all nice until people just start coming to europe and the border states ignore the borders existing because the way asylum is setup they 'd shoot themselves in the foot otherwise . 
  do you think it would have been viable to just take the political backlash a year ago ? 
  remember the political climate was way different back then . 
  the people generally backed helping fleeing from war . 
  i think it would have been important to be clear that this has to be a one time event last september , but i do n't really think merkel was left with many options once the situation progressed that far . 
  also do n't forget that it was orban that forced austria and germany to open the border only to shun them days later for not closing the border, 
  no of course redistributing people without doing anything else just does n't solve anything , but that really was never the plan . 
  it always involved tightening border controls and creating hotspots so that people do n't move freely through europe and that we can properly register people and only let those people in that have a reasonable shot of getting their claims to asylum approved and just immediately send people without proper claims back . 
  the way i see the problem is that the way the dublin system is set up it heavily disincentivizes proper border control because if you were to do that you 'd shoot yourself in the foot because then all those people are your responsibility . 
  we can not keep on going this path as it very evidently has failed . 
  we need a solution where we can control the people coming into europe and i think a system like this will be very tough to set up without some level of shared responsibility . 
  if you have a better idea on how to go about sharing responsibility then i 'd be glad to hear it . 
  then do n't expect to achieve those goals without all out war, 
  i do n't think many people think their proposals through . 
  it 's quite funny how many people seem to be in favour of seizing the coast of lybia , but are really pissed about russia annexing crimea for example . 
  yeah who cares about diplomatic and political fallout anyways . 
  so we escalate the conflict ? 
  we need a solution , but one everyone can save face . 
  do you really expect putin could accept a solution where he bows to the west willingly ? 
  you should really read the article . 
  it is certainly high quality jouranlism, 
  granted i read the german version of the article , but it seems to be quite clear that merkel and faymann still were quite delusional about the willingness of other eu states to cooperate . 
  they bet on a european solution and lost and the lack of such a eu wide solution is in my oppinion also what brings all this mess . 
  i think if you call merkel a leftist there is something wrong with the politial spectrum you have . 
  where do the left , the greens or the spd place then ? 
  merkel is a centre right chancellor, 
  well the big social media networks are fairly new and they really do not care about laws regarding abuse or hate speech . 
  that is why germany is having its qualm with facebook . 
  non-lefts , like merkel herself ? 
  germany wants facebook to follow german law when it is operating in germany . 
  how many freaking articles do we post here about one interview ? 
  that is now the seventh or eigth ? 
  no but rhetoric against the whole group suggesting punishment for everyone regardless simply because they are considered inferior is that, 
  why ? 
  we already that one . 
  it is usually known as the holocaust, 
  the point is rather that a number if the points you mentioned closely resemble early nazi legislation, 
  are n't most roma you hear about romanian citizens ? 
  then once that does n't fully solve the problem search for a final solution ? 
  you know i think this hitler guy had a plan to deal with these kind of poblems ... / s, 
  roma are often romanian citizens, 
  an example of a politician that is centre right for example would be angela merkel . 
  you know that austria has been amongst the most generous in europe when it comes to taking in refugees even without major pressure ? 
  i can agree that the burden put on austria ( and germany ) for that matter is too high , but saying that austria was against it in the beginning is just wrong, 
  the thing is a poll with that number will usually leave around a 5 % margin of error at 50 % which basically makes it all variance in my mind , unless of course these austrian polls are somehow more scientifically accurate than the polls usually conducted in germany ( where you always find this disclaimer ), 
  but no candidate is predicted a clear winner . 
  in fact it is predicted to be a nailbiter, 
  it is really hard to get over 50 years of separation . 
  that said you also got the north south divide which you only really see in econmic data , where southern germany does significantly better usually ( for example in bavaria + bw you have unemployment only a litle over 3 % ), 
  they might have been a minority in terms of absolute numbers , but syrians still were by far the largest individiual group . 
  that is a quite literal translation of \u00d6sterreich . 
  poles do seem to care an awful lot more about germany than germans do about poland . 
  i mean there have been proper proposals including things like a fingerprint database spanning europe to ensure people ca n't get multiple registrations , hotspots at the eu outer borders so that only those that have a decent shot at being approved get distributed ( and the rest sent back immediately ) and tying asylum benefits to residence . 
  i also just do not see a better solution . 
  having people just wander around europe seems like a terrible idea, 
  and has anyone demanded more than that ? 
  it seems to me the english press is stylizing that as though as european leaders wnat to punish the uk even though pretty much everyone just says that the uk also has to give up all the benefits of the eu, 
  the rhetoric seems to be very different though . 
  i do n't know if this is lost in translation , but i heard statements from several ee leaders that they do n't want muslims in their country and as such will also not honour any redistribution scheme . 
   we should n't , but we should care about what the countries that get them want , otherwise they will let them go wherever they want . 
  then enforce the regulations and send the people back ? 
  fine them if necessary . 
  in general you ca n't have a union where people just cherry pick what they want to take part in . 
  as for how i found them , i just googled `` danish refugee statistics '' and it was the top result . 
  i can also see that 20000 is a lot of people for a small country like denmark and that people do n't want more , but i highly doubt it is making a major impact on denmark to house these people aside from the political reactions . 
  interesting . 
  i was not fully aware of that !, 
  that said we already had a very similar refugee crisis 20 years ago so its hardly completely new . 
  and nobody said that the people that came to germany when germany said they could travel on from hungary temporarily should be redistributed ? 
  also nobody asks for people to flee . 
  everyone would be happier if they would n't have to flee , but this is simply not the reality we live in, 
  you do know that the dublin agreement has provisions to allow creating a new asylum process ? 
  that said germany certainly broke it by letting people travel on to sweden . 
  hungarys and greeces breaches were at least as severe though . 
  it crumbled because the current system incentivizes to not properly control the outer borders . 
  also if you want those asylum processing facilities outside of europe : where are people that get their asylum claims going to be sent then ? 
  that seems to fundamentally require a distribution system, 
  but if poland does n't want to apply agreed resolutions what are you supposed to use as bargaining power ? 
  also note that basically all those german politicians were in fact eu politicans in brussels . 
  i also can see that the polish government might not know how to do it , but i am sure you could hire people that can tell you and i am also sure that poles can also work that out .
