  and there will be a civil war with middle easterners against germans in germany ? 
  and we need a revolution ? 
  seriously ? 
  i think you mixed up the us and germany ... 
  how is saying that `` the issue of asylum could become a bigger challenge for the european union than the greek debt crisis '' racist ? 
  if anything she remarks that a rise of racism could become a problem . 
  better have some soldiers shoot them down ? 
  what should you do with people seeking asylum ? 
  there is this thing called human rights . 
  the thing is germany already has the highest numbers of refugees in europe by quite a margin , whereas eastern european countries often straight up refuse to take in refugees . 
  see germany is expecting 650 000 people to seek asylum here this year , why cant you encourage other countries especialy eastern european ones to also take people in ? 
  also still like half of the people that seek asylum here come from the fucking balkans, 
  fine . 
  they are a part of germany . 
  they have slightlyy different culture and a different religion , but in general they are just citizens of my country . 
  there are some that are not well integrated but i have met a lot more that are very well integrated , ones that are more germans than turks, 
  i think eastern europe is mostly the division into nato and the warsaw pact still , not a geographic thing . 
  this is about the gesture ... 
  well i think it is more english having fairly short words . 
  compound word in english are usually multiple words where they are are one in german . 
  also in general german texts are longer than english texts, 
  and one executes people , uses solitary confine on prisoners regularly and spies on its own citizens . 
  also in germany there is eingetragene lebenspartnerschaft which is not the same but fairly close ( the biggest difference is in adoption ), 
  more than america at least , but to be fair that is not so hard, 
  the turkish minority is generally the largest . 
  the reason for this was during the time of the wirtschaftswunder post world war 2 there was a treaty in place to hire workers from turkey because there was a labour shortage in germany so there was a big immagration from turkey towards germany . 
  today there live approxiamtely 1.5 million turks in germany ( without german nationality ) and even more that got a german passport . 
  source : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/demografie_deutschlands, 
  yes they are legit . 
  bertelsmann is the biggest media company in europe, 
  not always sure , but in the vast majority of times . 
  also the majority of turks in germany is integrated pretty well these days considering that quite a big part already grew up in germany . 
  yes i am fairly certain that this reflects real life . 
  most turks in germany integrated fairly well and already life here in second or even third generation . 
  these are basically germans that have turkish origin and are muslims . 
  you just see them fairly distinct because they usually have pretty distinct names from the `` german germans '', 
  * woosh *, 
  merkel is not really seen as indecisive , but rather as a person that rarely makes the first move more a person that is reacting . 
  see the problem is germany is really not united against putin . 
  there are still quite some people that like him people that have fond memories of the old gdr . 
  also when would there been a good point to mount a military intervention and what is the upside of it ? 
  i think cornering the guy withe nukes is not what you want to do, 
  well to be fair in the 90s there was war in the balkans, 
  shaping the future of the union , shaping the future of europe . 
  that is the poin and i think working together will ultimately be better for all of us than working against each other . 
  because frankly the uk isnt too involved in the eu . 
  if you wanted to commit more to it you would surely be among france and germany . 
  with the federal government . 
  he is talking about the local berlin government, 
  and my grandparents were forced to flee by the red army ... 
  well versailles also played a fairly big role in the economic downfall of the weimar republic ... 
  so f not in good times when do you propose the state should . 
  be saving ? 
  isnt the core of an anticylclc spending that you cut on sending n good times ? 
  i wish people , wouldnt mistake us for that ( reich is german for empire ), 
  nazi germany sadly . 
  still i think our country is amongst the most well knownso doesnt get mixed up all that often, 
  yeah i am just so used to getting receipts for like everything apart from restaurants . 
  i really never though about this . 
  also in munich you also get the tab printed out basically in every restaurant, 
  is this something special ? 
  it would not even occur to me that a shop would gve me no receipt . 
  usually the cash register will print it out over here, 
  more like a general agreement was reached , bt there are still details to discuss, 
  yep that is exactly my point !, 
  its a fine qwertz layout, 
  i can tell you i am typ\u00fcing on a germn one on mobile, 
  well it might sabe a lot of money to look at why so absirdly many people have to be thrown into jail in america compared to most european ciuntries if that is your goal . 
  vecause it is friggin expensive to have so many jailed . 
  it is a lor cheaper if they dont need to be jailed im tje first place, 
  so bittering people helps , instead of trying to reform them ? 
  that dooes not seem like a particularly modern approach to me . 
  uhm bayer is german . 
  well the us holds the biggest gun tho, 
  people change ? 
  it might be , but also it might not be and to be frank id certainly not be sure enough to call russia on it, 
  see even if russia could not defeat nato it could still destroy it and i dont want nukes falling on warsaw or washington or new york . 
  yes they are not too poor to fight war and that os part of the problem, 
  but what will the children think ? 
  on the other han a worsened economy leads to people becoming more desperate . 
  see germanys economy was in deep zrouble in zhe early 1930s aswell, 
  or on the other end of the scale the world wars were also geopolitical event and there was a lot more lost than gained, 
  it had but there were a number of other politicians talking about it . 
  sch\u00e4uble was admittedly the one who talked most openly of it as an option while the others merely no longer said it to be a non option, 
  and you know he was heavily scolded for this by most of the government ? 
  well it was fairly obvious how this should have been handled i think . 
  i think it is good that we can get by this without blowing it up too much . 
  it was stupid to even take these charges up ... 
  well probably it si probably a bad pun , but that took me while because i know some wolfgangs and it is just a normal name basically . 
  also he obviously had a lot of positions , that is just something that comes with it if you are in politics for so long . 
  i do n't know why this is titled `` hungry like the wolfgang '' , this is a decent portrait of wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  i think it shows that he is a really good politician , even tho you might not agree with his oppinions . 
  i personally found his speech on the moving of the capital to berlin great . 
  i am happy that i can almost say again that i like being german :o, 
  i think that is partially because a lot of the crowd over here is pretty anti cdu . 
  see this is just the basic party discipline . 
  see if in one of the most important bills there would be a big number of people against the party line there would be consequences aswell right ? 
  also they have every right to vote different there just may be consequences . 
  they also didnt get thrown out of the party ( the title of the thread is very missleading ) they merely got put out of some comitees, 
  right ,
