  the last refugee crisis during the balkans war we also managed ... 
  so far i also see no indication that germany will not cope, 
  basically all speculation . 
  basically if the cdu nominates merkel as their candidate they will almost definitely a majority again and will be able to form a government ( most likely the same as now ), 
  it also works to push good people out . 
  one of our most competent politicians ( my oppinion ) has been in parliament since 1972, 
  the problem is that they still have people like roth or hofreiter ... 
  and then you 'd need a majority of the greens ?!, 
  sorry , but there are too many lunatics in that party . 
  that 's not necessarily true . 
  i doubt that letting so many people travel through to germany was the best for germany for example . 
  it might have been the right thing to do but certainly not the most favourable for my country . 
  so should you just let people drown ? 
  it would have also brought us closer to an actual solution to asylum in europe , but of course the countries people usually do n't flee to do n't have any interest in that . 
  i think she probably should have been forcing more there and throwing more political weight behind this, 
  i think the problem was not providing clear conditions . 
  it just led to everyone trying to pile the problem purely onto germany . 
  i think she just wanted to believe too much that the rest of the eu ( especially ee ) gives a fuck about people fleeing war . 
  which of her choices are irrational ? 
  the choice was to let people travel on to germany because the conditions in hungary and greece were unbearable . 
  the situation there was on the brink of collapse ( remember the reports on the conditions in the refugee camps there ? ) . 
  should we have acted earlier ? 
  definitely , but we did n't so then you had to act when the problem came to europe . 
  if you had let people die and barred the german borders people would have also blamed merkel ... you also do know that not everyone is accepted ( in fact overall acceptance quota is around 50 % ) ? 
  what would have been pragmatic choices for her in your mind ? 
  and he ran for chancellor and he failed . 
  why should we assume that the syrian civil war wo n't be over in 20 years ? 
  and that is not even considering that a large chunk of asylum claims will be denied . 
  what else should she do ? 
  should she say that germany ca n't manage it ? 
  do we really need another article on this ? 
  how about austria ? 
  doess that count ? 
  gabriel literally talked two sentences earlier about ceta, 
  source ? 
  no limit on chancellor . 
  only on president . 
  and merkel currently is only the third longest time in office of chancelllors in post war germany . 
  her poll values are significantly worse than they were before . 
  that said there were at a level you usually do not see in democracies . 
  seems like gabriel is in campaigning mode by now . 
  see also the other story about him on the frontpage of / r/europe, 
  and then how else apart from slashinggovernment spending was greece supposed to get rid of a 15 % gdp government deficit ? 
  you had to consolidate greek spending before even looking at how to pay back debts and i do not think having german tax payers pay back greek debts is viable . 
  and yes i do not think that germany is responsible for greece 's failure . 
  it was not germany forcing greece to completely overspend which made cuts very painful afterwards i also do n't see this as a morality thing . 
  i just do not see a plan where greek sovereign debt is paid for by the rest of the ez as viable . 
  currently the treaties are already bent . 
  it also means less imports due to less value of money and it means destroying the savings of ordinary greeks . 
  also why would debtors agree to convert debt to a new greek currency and not keep it denominated in euro ? 
  or you disperse them across the country which does not require to build any new cities and at least tries to avoid ghettoization, 
  and then do what ? 
  debt does n't magically go away because you stop paying it . 
  so greece spend way more than they could afford before the 2008 crisis financed it with debt . 
  then the banking crisis came and that house of cards feell apart . 
  and now people want the rest of europe to pay for these greek fuck ups ? 
  are we really asking countries where peoples pensions are way lower than in greece to finance those very greek pensions that were hiked ? 
  the impression that greece wants endless handouts is because they got them time and again and yet ask for more and more . 
  i do n't think we should create something like a freaking greece tax here ... also if the eu somehow were to pay off greeces debt what would keep other countries from wanting the same ? 
  you could try live in hungary or turkey !, 
  why is it so suprising that the politician that is most likely running against merkel as chancellor says something unvavourable about merkel ? 
  this seems to me more like campaigning than anything else, 
  you ca n't prove either if the woman says she is doing it willingly ... 
  my objection was basically that people that are already breaking the law in one way ( aka forcing women to wear a burqa/niqab ) wo n't shy away from breaking anotehr law . 
   so also make it illegal to restrict an adult woman from leaving her home of her own free will check \u00a7 239 stgb . 
  that is already illegal ...  you 're basically arguing in favor of one system of oppression for fear of another one replacing it . 
  that 's a poor argument . 
  i am arguing that it is a pointless populistic act to ban the burqa/niqab . 
   but the debt is bigger than ever so obviously it was a failure . 
  because there is also a large crisis going on you have to take on debt . 
  the moves that were made were made to reduce it eventually not immediately . 
   because through their countries germany and france did n't funnel money to save their banking failures . 
  what ? 
  germany had guaranteees of 480b for its own banks . 
  austerity worked for my country well enough . 
  as far as i am aware germany is doing amongst the best economically . 
  the gdp loss comes from the required austerity to bring spending back to a more managele level . 
  the other economy of other eu states rebounds easier because they did n't have to cut spending in other places to finacne programs during the crisis, 
  bad command by hitler probably was a bigger problem, 
  right and as i said the main problem was that the public debt was rising so rapidly even before the banking crisis making it hard to increase the deficit when itwas necessary during hte crisis which then increased the issuesi n greece . 
  greece was consistently running a deficit of more than 6 % of gdp . 
  that is ovrspending to me . 
  and no not everyone does to an extent even comparable to greece , in fact almost noone does ( here are the stats for reference : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=teina200 ), 
  i think the problem is rather that it is impossible to sell to german voters that germany should pay for greek overspending . 
  and greece had run on a massive government deficit resulting in racking up debt before the financial crisis . 
  and yes before the banking crisis nobody cared about it because at that point these countries did n't come under financial pressure as much . 
  it was a house of cards built upon low interest rates for greece . 
  germany is not a strictly secular nation though . 
  this is not france, 
  right but in a construct of 10 trillion guaranteeing for 20 billion or something is not much . 
  the majority of greek debt still was lying with greek banks and yes i do think that a huge part of why greece got hit so hard is because of reckless overspending . 
  elections were in 2013 . 
  the exposure of german banks to gereek debt can also literally not have been multiple times the german gdp because the greek debt in its entirety is not that big . 
  greece ca n't rack up debt the size the gdp of china . 
  you are conflating the greek crisis with the banking crisis here ( where germany also made huge guarantees for bank , 480 b iirc ) . 
  what would have kept germany from say just bailing out german banks ? 
  so then what is the point of banning the burqa ? 
  what makes you think the husband that is already forcing his wife to wear such a burqa wo n't force them to just stay inside then ? 
  integration is a reason `` preventing opression of women '' is a buzzphrase . 
  forcing women to wear such a garment is already forbidden .
