  why should germany care if they annex crimea ? 
  do n't good trade relations benefit us more than sanctions ? 
  was it in germany 's best interest to grant credits at absurd conditions to a falling greek state or would n't it have been better to let the country fall into bankruptcy and have them leave the euro ? 
   the real crux of the problem is how germany came to find itself inundated with hundreds of thousands of people . 
  the eu is a shared house , and the germans basically invited too many guests into the house and now want everyone else to help germany out ; they have , but the issue remains that nothing is stopping the current problem from recurring . 
  when one member is essentially so dominant in the eu that they are free to make blunders without any repercussions , firstly there were already 800k predicted asylum applications before there was anything that could have been an invitation ... 
  if 1 million asylum applications qualfiies as a tidal wave 800k would surely be called that aswell . 
  secondly there just were no safety valves and germany has no outer eu border where it could stop people . 
  germany is not the state of entry into the eu for those people but countries like greece , italy or hungary . 
  those countries got utterly overwhelmed and just let people pass for the most part . 
  then in the end of august there was a leaked memo that basically said that germany wo n't deport people back to the entry state in the eu under the dublin rules . 
  this was what got interpreted as an invitation , but factually those deportations were n't happening anyways due to desolate conditions in the reception centres in the countries of entry . 
  also germany is certainly not free to do what it wants in the eu . 
  germany always has to find allies , just that it usually has been fairly easy to find those . 
  if you need an example of something where germany ca n't do what it wants is the europe wide deposit guarantees that the eu wants to introduce that germany is very much against . 
  and we have 2 milliion poles ... also do n't most ukranians coming to poland come from western ukraine ? 
  and applying for asylum is also nothing new, 
  no the allies have won . 
  that 's why we do n't do it . 
  the military has a bad reputation in germany . 
  there are a lot of ukranians in poland . 
  most of these people are ordinary immigrants coming to work in poland, 
  you know it 's kinda disgusting that something like this gets upvoted . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auschwitz_concentration_camp ) is also a solution to your liking ? 
  well beck died before k\u00f6nigsberg was dead before the allies even conquered k\u00f6nigsberg in ww2 ... 
  no but the notion that terrorists could n't enter europe with fake passports before is ridiculous . 
  this was possible before with or without merkels actions, 
  this would be a lot more interesting if you gave the original wording . 
  this could very well just be a mistranslation, 
  one big issue just is that this would be seen as a powergrab from germany very easily . 
  in general such a movement just can not start in germany, 
  frankfurt would also make a nice apital . 
  realistically if anything like this were to happen tho france would be part . 
  of it and the capital would be brussels, 
  she always polls significantly higher than her party and basically at the most recent height her approval only barely dropped below 50 %, 
  the biggest issue i see that it was done without an alternative on the line . 
  we do n't have the production nor the storage capacities in germany to operate largely of renewables and shutting down nuclear plants that are no actual risk to use more coal plans just seems stupid . 
  i agree thtt investing in renewables should happen regardless aswell as into fusion , but i think that this might take decades or even centuries and nuclear plants are a great stepping stone and a decent way to combat greenhouse gas emissions ( from reduced use of coal ) we should n't abandandon a safe and fairly clean method of energy generation in times where we have to combat climate change . 
  this decision was done to much in a state of political and emotional upheaval and should be repealed in my oppinion , but i do n't think that this is something we could expect within the next 10-15 years at least . 
  or build a dome or something in an uninhabitated area . 
  there is enough tundra and desert on the world to put a giant dome there . 
  and what do we do with the carbondioxide that coal plants emit ? 
  just because we ca n't see carbondioxide does n't make it any less of a burden on the environment . 
  i think it is very much that a method could be found to handle nucleear waste , what we need is more research in this direction . 
  and even if we ca n't find a method we could dump it in a desert for example . 
  i mean after all this is not like we are looking at millions of tons of nuclear waste , but rather a few thousand tons, 
  -6 % for angela merkel in germany seems wrong, 
  i do n't know , sometimes i feel like this sub is getting brigaded by extremists , but after all it is just internet points, 
  why ? 
  critizing people of other skin colours is fine . 
  example : `` i think obama 's policies regarding edward snowden are not good '' what is not fine is generalizing based on skin colour . 
  example : `` all blacks are thugs '', 
  yes i think so too but a lot of countries are not willing to give up that sovereignty . 
  see if we 'd have dutch or french inspectors to combat corruption in germany i 'd be fine with that , but corruption is also not really an issue in germany . 
  do you already see all the crying for politics from the eu dictated from berlin ( even if for the most part the german government ca n't do much wihtout finding allies in the eu ), 
  well then you get everyone crying `` muh sovereignity '', 
  i think it was a shame to turn off all of germany 's nuclear plants to burn coal and buy nuclear energy from france . 
  i personally think germany should ahve nuclear plants as a major power source, 
  to be fair the west would do the same in that case, 
  the washington post is an almost 150 year old independent news paper - russia today is a 10 year old state controlled broadcasting network, 
  nuclear power , but people got too scared after fukushima ( even tho there are no earthquakes or tsunamis really in germany, 
  we are so much for green energy that we abandoned nuclear energy ... to burn more coal, 
  see of course ukraine is a war zone , but the war is basically confined to eastern ukraine and the notion that people from western ukraine immigrating to poland are refugees is utterly ridiculous . 
  butbwouldnt someone going from western ukraine to poland be e anormal immigrant by default ? 
  or is rhere war in western ukraine aswell now ? 
  it is kinda ironic to break the law cause you believe some of the people dont respect the law, 
  i would because i wouldnt expect them to e part of something like that, 
  but if people fleeing donbass enter illegaly you shouldnt hlp them ? 
  also why dont they just leave for the peaceful part of ukraine ? 
  my problem here is that my country gets attacked a lot with a lot of claims that are just wrong ( for example that merkel caused the refugee crisis ) . 
  it is also just not troue that germany wants to rule over everyone . 
  also pro polish can mean a lot and pro polish does not necessarily mean not anti german . 
  look at the policy of poland for example of straight up refusing to take their part of the burden in the refugee criss . 
  i would also doubt that you get abuses every single day . 
  it is already made tougher in that you carry no flair so i do n't know that you are polish . 
  i also just do n't think it is that heroic to allow people from the ukraine to migrate to poland tbh . 
  also of course i can hold a different oppinion than you . 
  this is a free country after all, 
  huh ? 
  i personally felt there was mucch more playing victim all the time coming from poles and poles being angry at germany and its position within the eu . 
  i am also not mad at poland . 
  i might be not happy about what happens right nowin poland and about some events in the past but apart from that i have no grudge against poles . 
  i would be really suprised if most people actually cared about poland or what polish politicians do for the most part, 
  well the percantage of germans living in danzig in 1923 was higher than ther percentage of germans living in berlin today ... 
   on a serious note - this is the type of refugees we should accept in latvia . 
  so normal immigrants ? 
  yes and no . 
  i was not referring to tuitions , but rather to visa restricitions . 
  yes poland may be more closely tied to germany than the ukraine but that does n't diminish that there are still close relations between poland and the ukraine, 
  and the ukraine is closely tied to poland . 
  see i ca n't give you another example for germany becase in act all states that germany would do this for are in the eu . 
  people from norway can study in germany freely for example, 
  well 2/3d majority is usually enough in most countries to change constitutions so it is pretty massive, 
  and a lot of the ukranians coming to poland come there to worka aswell and not because they are fleeing from the war ... 
  i am just tired of hearing this all the time . 
  are the 2 million poles in germany fleeing then aswell ? 
  immigration ! = asylum, 
  i post a lot here not only about poland . 
  i am also pushing against poland a bit because i feel the polish people here are the loudest speaking against germany . 
  also i know that it is better for germany to have polish immigrants here than it is to give asylum to people from syria , but that does n't free us from the obligation to give asylum to these people .
