  we can \u00b4 t always get all the advantages and the other countries the disadvantages . 
  of course it does , but it does not bring only benefits . 
  one thing the euro is doing right now for example is driving up property and rent prices massively . 
  it also makes it significantly harder for people to actually save for old age for one . 
   the refugee crisis , we took that on ourselfs voluntarily , because the german government acted without the parters in the eu ( except austria , until they abandoned us ) the german government did not exactly have many options that were fully sound at the time . 
  the idea was to buy time for a european solution . 
  a solution that very obviously has failed . 
   and of course , both of these points are unrelated with how the eurozone works ... 
  i am only seeing one point here in the refugee crisis . 
  well a good number of people seem to believe that . 
  schulz also is not clear cut on his positions on agenda 2010 at least . 
  so far he also has proposed no substantial changes to the agenda at all . 
  see i 'd be happier if he were in favour of the agenda , i think it was by and large beneficial , but he seems to at least willing to cut some of that way . 
  right now we simply do not have a clear position from him . 
  there is also a difference between flip-flopping and chaning an oppinion after a major event in relation to that oppinion . 
  as much as i disagree with the decision to shut down the nuclear plants , i can absolutely see why the events of fukushima would get people to rethink their position , and nuclear was not even popular in the first place . 
   indeed . 
  but when we are discussing the character of a politician , its no matter if he talks about eu matters or national matters . 
  gabriel has proven that he can not be trusted , because of his ever-changing positions on everything . 
  well yes , but saying someone can be more trusted on not changing his oppinion than gabriel is not exactly much of a statement . 
  his less than reliable commitment to nato for example . 
   an uncontrolled mass exodus of the developing world however does not belong into the aforementioned category . 
  like the 1956 exodus from hungary to austria ? 
  can you explain me then where the vast numbers of refugees from the yugoslav wars are now in germany ? 
  putting all the responsibility for these reforms on germany does not fly though . 
  you also need to have southern european countries get rid of excessive deficit spending aswell as rampant corruption . 
  germany has made its competitiveness reforms a decade ago and we are reaping what was sown these days . 
  germany has also already given up what would have been a more healthy exchange rate . 
  so now are germanys problems with the euro less critical ? 
  maybe , so . 
  but they matter a lot to germans and it is germans that vote . 
  all parties in germany have also been in favour of closer eu integration but we can not have a fiscal integration without also handing over power over other policies . 
  well we are running a national and not an eu election . 
  and schulz already has shown willingness to abandon positions ( like his support of agenda 2010 at a very opportune time ), 
  no he does n't ? 
  or well at least he does n't do so credibly . 
  schulz has been a proponent of the agenda 2010 in the past . 
  the only reason he does this distancing is because he believes it will be popular with the demographic he is aiming for . 
  even if he were doing so genuinely abandoning the agenda would be foolish . 
  the agenda 2010 has been one of the most successful policies . 
  germany being the economic powerhouse it is today , unemployment being so low is in good parts due to the agenda 2010 . 
  he also simply has n't done any substantical criticism of the agenda by now at all . 
  easy to not flip flop positions on national matters if you are not involved in them, 
  oh there is a chance , but i do not think he will simply because that is too unpopular with just about everybody . 
  and no i do not think a transfer of money for no benefit is a good idea . 
  we ca n't have a union where every solution is to just have the germans pay for it . 
  germany already is the largest net contributor , germany is bearing the brunt of the refugee crisis , germany is suffering from inadequate monetary policy . 
  we are probably going to see some attacks on the ecbs policy , but since the german government ca n't do anything about that nothing will be done about this . 
  schulz has made some statements in favour of eurobonds in the past , but he will have to distance himself from that or he gets murdered in elections . 
  all of the things you propose in your second paragraph essentially boil down to draining money out of germany . 
  gr\u00fcne is also to the right of the spd in parts . 
  the party really ca n't seem to decide what it wants to be . 
  schulz is not exactly different from gabriel politically though . 
  he is more charismatic for sure , but what do you think makes him different politically ? 
  well it is not, 
  ostankino tower, 
   war reparations are payments intended to cover damage or injury inflicted during a war . 
  generally , the term war reparations refers to money or goods changing hands , but not to the annexation of land . 
  and you do know that millions of germans lived in czechoslovakia pre ww2 that were than cleansed out of it after the war ? 
  for me because i think it would likely come hand in hand with extremists in government . 
  i do not think schulz can be chancellor without the left party and these are simply nutjobs . 
  i do n't want anti nato , anti europe , pro russia forces in government . 
  i also do believe that an spd led coalition would not value fiscal responsibility as much , i do believe they would also not properly honour our pledge to nato to raise our military budget . 
  we also still have not seen schulz retract his statements on eurobonds so far, 
  alternate facts much ? 
  where die the large herman minority go in your oppinion ? 
  then also do n't forget reparations for cleansing of millions of germans from czechoslovakia ? 
  and for what ? 
  for the us bases in germany that germany is paying for ? 
  germany is paying for the american bases in germany . 
  there is no way the eu would be united in case of a us attack though . 
  also in such a scenario i would also expect russian incursions in the east . 
  it is absolutely ridiculous for the trump admin to demand even more money than was already paid for these bases though . 
  it is not like the us is paying for these bases not even speaking of the land of these . 
  except for the americans , the british , the french , the soviets ? 
  or why do you believe german military is so dwarfish compared to pre war german military ? 
  also the cold war german military had exactly one purpose : to buy time for the real armies . 
  the eu ca n't leave nato . 
  the eu is not part of nato . 
  i also do not think the eu could guarantee the security of eastern europe without nato . 
  the eu still is dwarved by russia militarily . 
  edit : do n't get me wrong i 'd much rather be working together closer with france than with the us , but right now that is unrealistic and i also do not think that this really is a viable strategy for some of our eastern neightbors . 
  the nato budget is not exactly relevant here though ? 
  it 's tiny , somewhere in the vicinity of $ 1.5 billion . 
  even if we were to raise the military budget to 2 % immediately russia would still have a larger military budget . 
  because a lot of the conflicts germany is involved these days are not right at the german border ? 
  we are not having the front in fulda anymore , we are fighting in afganistan or iraq , we might need to go to syria or somewhere in africa . 
  and german army size was still capped ( to the point where conscription could n't be done fully ) and that cap was further reduced in the 2 +4 treaty . 
  the strength of the german army was also not comparable to that of the french or the british army as countries of similar size, 
  the pledge in wales is also just that , a pledge . 
  there are no consequences if someone does not meet that target and as it is looking now several countries wo n't meet that target . 
  germany for sure wo n't ( unless somehow we get a government without left leaning parties and even then almost definitely not ) germany is not on track at all to meet the goal by 2024 . 
  even if you assume that germany will continue to raise military budget by 5 % every year it will take germany until around 2040 to reach that, 
  and still die linke has a large share of nut jobs . 
  i do not want a coalition in germany that tries to undermine germanys commitment to nato . 
  i do not want russia apologists in government . 
  i also do believe that a lot of what the linke wants for example in regards to pensions is simply impossible to finance . 
  just looking at it from the outside his policy seems fairly balanced . 
  neither particularly right nor left wing, 
  only if the spd rules out going into a coalition with die linke .
