  also sch\u00e4uble in general is a very very dedicated european . 
  i think sch\u00e4uble overall would be a more active leader that pushes fo rhis visions than merkel which also would lead to more conflicts with partners in my oppinion , but still i think that if merkel were n't chancellor sch\u00e4uble would be a solid choice . 
  well a stronger opposition would require a stronger result for the fdp for example . 
  as of now everything is pointing to another grand coalition and i think that 's fine . 
  overall the german government is doing its job fine . 
  yeah and you also get polls that in general the current government is doing its job rather well around 70 % . 
  in general i would say that a very big part of germans is actually quite content with how the government is doing its job and a lot more than the other european countries seem to be with their governments . 
  also i would say that almost 50 % of people being content with the work of the government is fine . 
  approval rates of 70 % + where they were are very uncommon, 
  and how does that help in any way to solve the crisis ? 
  sometimes i ask myself what other countries are actually doing to solve the problems posed by the refugee crisis . 
  and not only blaming other countries or deflecting people onto other states of the eu , buta ctually doing to solve the crisis . 
  to be fair there is no war in europe and you can get food and a place to sleep . 
  by deflecting everyone away from hungary and just saying : `` not our problem , let the other countries deal with it ? '', 
   if you go from the inside to the outside they just wave at you and say goodbye . 
   that 's simply being a bad neighbor . 
  next thing in your logic is to build a jail exactly on the border with the fence that faces your neighbor country missing ... that is how the entire balkans is behaving just waving at people and havign them leave asap, 
  uhm if you want to include the eu you get to a nominal gdp of $ 18.4 trillion . 
  i mean if you just combine germany , the uk , france and italy you are higher thanthose 10.1 trillion, 
  sometimes i wish there was a union ( like a real union ) , but only with the countries of western and northern europe . 
  the countries that are also comparable economocially because right now the system is a mess . 
  well there are exactly 2 countries in the world with a gdp higher than 5 trillion usd and those are the us and china, 
  the bundestag has not done anything that would warrant open borders being abolished, 
  and what should have happned ? 
  should have europe been placed under lockdown for one person ? 
  how does that achieve anything but scare the shit out of people . 
  also it is not like there are any borders within the eu and it is not that hard for one determined guy to cross the borders . 
  still he is the head of state of greece . 
  he should be behaving more diplomatic imo, 
  the thing is just that the german army was conepted as a purely defensive army and that just is n't what is required today . 
  there are no russian tanks right behind the border anymore, 
  see if belgium is the 14th safest country and the us is the 94th safest the point stands that if you consider belgium a failed state the us would be in the realms of afghanistan, 
  well austria not being part of germany is mostly due to them losing the 1866 war and then a fusion being prevented by the allies in the 1920s, 
  it should n't really be hard to find proof that hitler knew of the holocaust, 
  history is absolutely written by the victors . 
  an example would be that the guilt for ww1 was laid with germany , when in reality the war started between austria-hungary and serbia, 
  sure , but nobody 's hands are clean, 
  uhm how comes you know that that well ? 
  see especially old people tend to have a bigger grudge against the soviets because their family members died in the soviet union or they were forced out of their homes by the soviets ( those that came from the former eastern territories ) . 
  the soviets did a whole bunch of bad stuff , the germans did a whole bunch of bad stuff , but there is simply no point in demonizing that . 
  those events are over . 
  dude that event was more than seventy years ago . 
  how are being jewish and being ukrainian mutually exclusive ? 
  i 'd be really curious how that moves around the months . 
  for example half a year ago there were a lot more germans than there are now, 
  the bigger threat would hav e probably been that russia brough an economic war to a hot war, 
  the kgb does n't exist anymore at least not in russia ( in belarus the secret service is still called kgb tho ), 
  uhm i think i have never been at a musical where not everyone had seats . 
  i mean a musical is not a rock concert, 
  germany ( along with france , italy , spain and the uk ) is also sending the least number of delgates per citizen, 
  yeah , the closest to a captial that is both reasonably centered and makes somewhat historical sense you could choose frankfurt , also generally a more neutral city than berlin . 
  frankfurt was also in contention for the capital of the frg . 
  berlin used to be fairly central in germany, 
  also almost half of the people fleeing from the jugoslav wars were not also like that then why did almost half of the people flee to germany back then and almost all went to western europe instead of former soviet states ? 
  but how do these people differ from people coming from syria ? 
  that video mostly looks like they simply chose pictures of different scenarios fo the two cases . 
  and `` real refugees '' consist of what ? 
  and nobody forced the eastern european countries toaccept these treaties . 
  they could have closed their borders and prevented people from emigrating, 
  but then the problem is more a lack of opportunities in their home countries . 
  are we really blaming countries of destiny for people emigrating ? 
  uhm no . 
  i am from bavaria . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitteleuropa if any thing these countries are part of central europe because that term got coined during a time when there was still the habsburg empire . 
  it waws an alternative concept for a `` german '' state , basically a concept wher eyou combine the austro-hungarian empire and the german empire, 
  yes , but thats easier because you get sheer numbers with conscripts , not because conscripts do n't want to be in the army . 
  all thoese people already get paid salaries . 
  nobody forced them to emigrate, 
  well you would at leas thave a reasonably common economy . 
  still you 'd need a better name, 
  i really do n't see the sense in that . 
  if you havepeople doing a job that they do n't want to they will do it worse, 
  uhm those countries are all counted as central europe . 
  no need to be sorry . 
  that just is a huge faux pas in germany in general, 
  then one of the first things to learn : you do n't speak the text of the first and second stanza of the deutschlandlied . 
  so when is the air battle over crimea gon na start ? 
  uhm even if she would have been old enough the nazis were not up for election in poland, 
  i am sorry i just have read stuff like this all too often . 
  also it was just the usa for the most part . 
  i am really grateful for that . 
  my grandpa told us the stroy repeatedly of the american general ( i forgot the name ) that wanted to push further north so my town ended up in the american zone . 
  i am glad for that , i just have experienced too many people on reddit especially that think america saved europe . 
  i just do n't like the notion that it was used mostly to rebuild america 's enemies at the time . 
  i am certainly grateful . 
  i also just do n't like americans playing off like they were the saviours of europe or did n't do anything wrong aswell, 
  discriminating against the choice of what women want to wear, 
  you mean the us dumped tons of money to rebuild a lot of europe . 
  also still by far the biggest chunks went to the allies with france and the uk receiving almost half the entire money of the marshall plan . 
  also that was really not a selfless act . 
  it certainly was helpful but it was not like the us did not have very own interests in doing it, 
  schools at least honestly are one thing that would be better if it was made from berlin but i fear that that would only lead to lower overall standards, 
  nobody wants pity , but you also can not deny that havoc was brought upon germany aswell . 
  i am not saying that the allies did n't have every right to do what they did ( well most of the stuff at least ) , but that does n't change that large swaths of germany were destroyed and millions of germans had to flee, 
  how else would you call the act of putting terriories like pomerrania or silesia into poland ? 
  it was certainly annexed by poland . 
  and neither did it in germany . 
  there were millions of soldiers permanently statined in germany on both sides of the border, 
  you know that there were millions of soliders stationed on german soil throughout the entire cold war ? 
  you know that for 50 years that if shit hit thefan the first country it would have hit would have been germany ?
