  if the german government did n't give a fuck about hungary or greece what reason would there have been to take people in to relief stress ? 
  well if the cluster of countries around germany ( as in the original shell of the eu ) represents the union . 
  these countries are those that build it up . 
  i can see that some countries want something different than a union with the goal of becoming ever closer , but that has been the senitment for quite a while now . 
   i was just thinking about oxymoron-ish nature of this initiative that implies deportation of the integrated people . 
  that happened in part and will probably happen again . 
  that said germany simply ca n't afford to grant everyone citizenship if they come under asylum . 
   populism is the habit of talking what people want to hear , not acting . 
  so quite the opposite of what merkel is doing ? 
  she would speak a lot more to what people want to hear if she were to propagate nationalist sentiment and a hardline against taking in refugees . 
  also as i said integration and having people leave after their country of origin are safe again are not mutually exclusive . 
   you know , i 'm from croatia and here does n't exist a shabbier syntagm than that `` refugees return '' . 
  i do n't quite understand what you are trying to say here, 
  there is not only right and leftwing . 
  i personally really od n't like the far right , but i also do n't like the far left . 
  i am more of a center guy . 
  maybe center-right a bit . 
  well there were more than 300k bosnians in germany . 
  of those more than 90 % are gone now and around 3/4 were gone by 98 . http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/graphics/d27_2bv_d.gif here is the diagram for bosnian refugees in germany, 
  the thing is we do n't know how long they will stay here how long it will take for syria to be stable . 
  up until then we have to integrate them . 
  there is no point in creating ghettos or force refugees to organize themselfs . 
  do you think it would be a better idea to just leave them by themselfes basically forcing them into criminality because they have no possibility of doing anything else . 
  i would also not ocnsider that populist . 
  if she wanted to go only after populist sentiments germany ouwld have closed its borders and just went like `` fuck the balkans and fuck greece '' . 
  merkel is a centrist but not really a populist at leastnot in my oppinion , as shown in the greek crisis and now in the migrant crisis . 
  a lot of germans left this sub in the past year, 
  push for a unified tyrol again !, 
  uhm that was what was the plan the whole time . 
  remember the incident with the girl and everyone pointing out how heartless merkel was pointing out that germany ca n't help everyone . 
  or if you remember what happened after the yugoslav wars ? 
  probably to make sure they do n't mean the american fred merkel ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fred_merkel ) or the austrian max merkel ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/max_merkel ), 
  even then a lot of people on reddit tend to the mroe extreme spectrums politically not so much in the center, 
  well each country choses how they elect their leaders and in most of europe that is representative democracy, 
  as the other thread ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/43e0y6/stockholm_pogrom_crowd_of_masked_men_hunt_and/ ) got removed for lack of credible sources i try again . 
  i am also sorry this title is so bad , but i did n't want to change it to not get this removed for editorialization . 
  well nation states often act primarily at their own interest, 
  you should n't equate this subeddit or reddit in general reddit with the entirety of europe, 
  of course they can have democracy . 
  the thing is if some parts of the union consistently get exceptions that is undermining the union . 
  they can freely chose if they want to be in or out tho . 
  that 's how ministers are chosen aswell for example . 
  as this was removed for lack of credible source , some more sources : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/hundreds-of-masked-men-beat-refugee-children-in-stockholm-a6843451.html http://www.thelocal.se/20160130/masked-marchers-beat-migrants-in-stockholm-centre http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/30/masked-men-stockholm-threaten-punishment-refugee-children you can find a lot of news outlets reporting by now . 
  i just chose rt because it was the first that came up and the dailymail article i tried first got removed, 
  because they look foreign, 
  now of course not , but i also doubt turkey would just be squished that easily . 
  yes , but that still does n't make it a small economy . 
  it still is one of the big economies worldwide . 
  so people do n't want to pay turkey and do n't want people to come here to europe . 
  so guys what do you want to do ? 
  you say greece has no choice but letting them travel on and neither do the other states , but when turkey does it it is horrible ? 
  well the one advantage i can see is that turkey is one country where you do n't have to convince everyone to work together whereas the states of the eu are effectively all acting as indiviudal states making a solution almost impossible . 
  turkey has more than double the gdp of denmark, 
  weird . 
  for reference the sources i used for making this map : http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/326957/umfrage/flaechen-der-eu-laender/ for area https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_population for population note this is only eu countries, 
  reddit is an awful lot more extreme than people in real life in my experience . 
  well spain is the fifth biggest country populationwise in the eu and finland is the fifth biggest country arewise being slightly smaller than germany.i actually do n't really see hwo you would move spain to sweden . 
  even if you include non eu states and look only at the european parts i would have spain as the sixth on population scale ( with now russia being the number one even just looking at the european part of russia ) putting spain into germany . 
  that is probably about as likely as having a us president that is not aligned with the democrats or the republicans . 
  it seems extremely unlikely that we will get a non cdu chancellor any time soon . 
  and if we do n't it will be a party to the left of the cdu . 
  you can also see that he insa poll is significantly off of the results all the other polling institutions get . 
  you can see that the afd is pulling higher and the cdu is pulling lower in insa pulls and we know that insa is run by a guy doing consulting for the afd . 
  yes probably , but you can group states . 
  for example the differences between the benelux , germany , austria and denmark are not that big apart from the languages and even these languages are remarkably similar, 
   the russians have now pushed her story to the front of media consciousness so her child abuse can not be buried to protect some foreign criminals you do n't really believe this , do you ? 
  we do n't know if they are turkish migrants . 
  for all we know they could very well be children of turkish parents but born and grown up in germany ( well that is at least what i would expect for turkish germans in their 20s ) . 
  also what leftist lynch mob do you mean ? 
  it 's money . 
  he has to pay . 
  now !, 
  those were people that fled post 45 tho . 
  i also would n't call von braun someone that fled . 
  well einstein was a refugee . 
  there is actually a fairly sizable list of german speaking exilants that left 33-45 . 
  g\u00f6del , von neumann , einstein , haber as some examples . 
  most germans will have relatives that fled . 
  if you ask around here basically anyone will have a grandparent that fled . 
  i 'll try pessimistic : in the us elections donald trump is elected president leading the us down a more isolationist route questioning their commitments to nato . 
  during 2017 elections in france lead to lepen becoming president , in the meantime in the uk the leave side of the referendum wins . 
  the ties between european countries losen more and more . 
  the economics of italy decline more and more leading to a big crash in italy that spirals across the eurozone leading to its dissolution . 
  the existence of the eu union is now questioned massively , france is preparing a vote to leave . 
  this opportunity of nato essentially breaking down aswell as the european union in deep crisis is seized by russia now fully occupying ukraine aswell as invading the baltics and later on poland in an effort to recreate former spheres of influence . 
  british and french militaries do n't want to get into a war with russia so they only send harsh letters . 
  both the us and china remain neutral . 
  yes a lot of people would have probably said that just as a lot of people today would admit they are european . 
  that said not even all of those people that would have called themselves german are part of germany . 
  they got 41.5 % last election . 
  33.8 % is the 2009 election, 
  and it also didnt run in the second biggest german state ( populationwise , areawiseits the biggest ) inbavaria where the sister party ran . 
  the german government holds about 80 % in german parliament, 
  they are not even just tecnically migrants . 
  for example if a german engineer were to move to romania to work on a project well i 'd be a migrant . 
  it seems quite reidiculous to me to call such a person an economic refugee, 
  those are also both big melting pots . 
  china being made from a lot of small countries and the us being made by immigrants, 
  the dialects differed vastly tho . 
  a guy from bavaria and a guy from hamburg would n't hve understood each otehr for example .
