  right , but you also should be aware that there was a large share of ethnic germans in what is now the czech republic . 
  saying mozart was austrian is also a bit of a stretch . 
  salzburg was not part of austria when mozart lived . 
  he probably identified as citizen of salzburg, 
  so then does einstein belong to germany , switzerland or the united states ? 
  i bet you could get different answers on that probably depending which country you are asking . 
  before the referndum the statement was also that art 50 would be triggered immediately, 
  if there is overwhelming public interest then yes , but generally not . 
  for example after the terror alert and the shooting in munich in july most outlets only published a shortened name of the perpetrator . 
  in the recent manhunt for the syrian terrorist the full name was published . 
  also when the german pilot crashed that plane into the mountains in france some paper published his full name and they got attacked for this because of course promptly a lot of people came to harass his parents . 
  pressekodex , basically a code of honour in german press , which leads to press often not writing the name of people . 
  you could probably find it out yourself though . 
  they were native german speakers . 
  and both wrote all their important works in german . 
  poor estonia also . 
  the person listed for them was one of the leading nazi ideologists and got sentenced to death during the nuremberg trials, 
  charlemagne with france ?!, 
  heresy !, 
  freud also belongs with austria and there is a reasonable case for putting einstein with germany . 
  well that is just a function of living in the center of antique europe . 
  bavarians first then germans , for bavarians especially so, 
  it is outdated , but it was n't wrong at the time when kafka and freud lived . 
  tieing being german to things other than being german speaking is largely a development that happened after ww2, 
  the point i would go to was what language they spoke and that was german primarily for both kafka and freud . 
  kafka for example went to a german school in prague . 
  kafka and freud both were citizens of austria-hungary and german speaking . 
  and austria has two ? 
  hitler and freud ? 
  having freud as czech also really does not make much sense . 
  with germany and austria you also just get this thing where germany is a very young country . 
  for example there is little chance mozart considered himself austrian , there is a good chance he would have considered himself german though more in the sense that people consider themselves european . 
  how the fuck is kant the most famous russian ? 
  immanuel kant is german even though kaliningrad is russia today , k\u00f6nigsberg very much was german back when kant lived . 
  how is sigmund freud czech ? 
  he was a citizen of the austrian empire and was a native german speaker . 
  i also do n't have to understand what makes charlemagne beligan . 
  i guess the prices will stay the same in usd . 
  gbp just lost a lot of value against usd . 
  people in germany have worse english than dutch or swedes because everything gets translated and dubbed into german but not into dutch . 
  same with french, 
  in germany you find this in large cities . 
  in munich iin the center they announce bilingual, 
  with the difference that russia actuallyy.has a powerful military, 
  and nobody was demanding anything like that ? 
  if you want to carry that analogy it was more like one side has 100 dollars and gives 2 dollars and one guy has 2 dollars and is asked to give 3 cents . 
  so how else should that situation right there and then be resolved ? 
  there was no willingness from hungary to deal with the people they were responsible for under the dublin agreement only to argue directly after again that the dublin agreement should be enforced . 
  to call and basically force merkel/faymann to open the borders north only to ostracize them for it mere days later, 
  what people are seeing is the billions that gert spent every year that are going in pretty large part to eastern europe , what people are seeing is the vast amount of people that come to work here , what people are seeing is the criminal gangs coming from ee . 
  what people are seeing is the large scale western investments in former eastern block and the impression that ee governments just seem to be out to milk as much money as possible out of the eu, 
  asylum does fall under eu law . 
  we just saw the previous dubiln regulations fail completely . 
  i think people are just tired from ee states that are perceived as just wanting all the time and never giving back . 
  interpreters when in doubt ? 
  germany is importing roughly 80 % the volume of gas imported from russia from norway . 
  ( 373k tj vs 291k tj . 
  i hope you do n't believe this ? 
  you do know that germany buys a lot of gas from norway itself ? 
   few connections decrease russian influence on europe . 
  here , espcially after ukraine this influence is not wanted . 
  few connection increases influence of the countries along the routes it empowers them to demand fees . 
   almost half of russian export is fossil fuels . 
  this is their only economical advantage in europe since they hold a monopoly in this field . 
  we simply want to diversify more rather than enpower russia which is the strongest exporter already . 
  russia does not hold a monopoly . 
  less than 40 % of german gas is coming from russia with the share of norway and the netherlands combined silghtly below 50 % . 
   because we are dependent on russian gas more and we have too weak economy and army to negotiate with russia on equal trems . 
  we are dependent on russian gas ( or at least it would be quite painful without ) , but russia also is dependent on the foreign currency from selling gas . 
  they are against it because they stand to lose money and influence primarily . 
  well yeah we also have 80 million out of 500 million people in the eu ( which would if it was the same rate be 3.2 million out of 20 million students ) . 
  also a person that is not fit to become an engineer wo n't become a good engineer just because we want it, 
  after ukraine tapped it, 
  then can you tell me one example where this happened in the west ` ? 
  and how are they doing that ? 
  russia/the ussr has always been reliable delivering gas as contracted at least towards germany, 
  the reason why south stream was shut down and that germany was in favour of south stream is just objectively true . 
  the oppinion on ukraine is my own though . 
  how is what these transit states are doing in any way better than what germany is doing ? 
  ukraine also just tapped gas pipelines with russia when they could not agree on the price of gas to the detriment of western europe . 
  also is n't reducing dependency on transit countries something good ? 
  it does open up the possiblity to stay away from the pipelines through more unreliable countries like ukraine . 
  it also reduces the impact on germany should russia decide to use gas as a political tool on transit countries, 
  these things never happened between the ussr/russia and germany . 
  that said if these are the concerns why do states like slovakia , ukraine or poland not offer to reduce transit fees to make the project uneconomic ? 
  where do you see it being used as a tool of foreign policy ? 
  even during the heights of the cold war the ussr always reliably delivered the gas to the agreed conditions . 
  south stream was opposed from brussels because it placed control of the pipeline in the hands of gazprom the gas supplier which is why it got shut down which is also why nordstream is not operated by a gazprom majority . 
  you also do know that germany was very much in favour of south stream ? 
  i also do not think that we have an obligation to keep ukraine as a transit country . 
  ukraine has proven as an unreliable partner regarding gas . 
  we also have no obligation to keep slovakia as a transit state . 
  a lot of the arguments coming from ee states is that they stand to lose money with nord stream . 
  you do know that less tahn 40 % of german gas comes from russia ? 
  that we get more gas from norway and the netherlands combined than from russia ? 
  russia also is a highly rliable partner in gas trade unlike ukraine, 
  no i am still umder family insurance, 
  interesting . 
  in germany in 2012 35 % left school with abitur ( which is the leaving certificate ) , 40 % with mittlere reife ( which is the junior certificateand 18 % with a hauptschullabschluss ( which is even below a junior certificate ) . 
  note that the numbers for higher finishes in school also went up significantly over the years and also vary quite drastically based on state ( 51.8 % in hamburg do abitur , only 26.7 % in bavaria ) over here i would say doing mittlere reife and then doing an apprenticeship is considered just solid .
