  also a lot of this is not about the greek people but rather about governments and politics and at most about trust and that is something the greek government does n't have anymore . 
  you also ca n't just do anything to save greece because you really do n't want to send signals to other possible states in trouble that you just have to give the eu enough shit and it will bow . 
  there is a difference between bringing this up as a measure seperately and not linked to the crisis and bringing it up during the crisis and using it to bring people up against germany . 
  i doubt people seriously have a problem with greece demanding that money more with the way it was done, 
  and i think it is absolutely reasonable . 
  i think if people seriously believed that greece would change they had no problem with bailing out greece again ( oh well there would still be people against it but there would be quick consent that it is just the right thing to do ) . 
  i think the problems are just in part culturally/historically ingrained and it is not easy to change such a system . 
  i would also really appreciate if we would stop blaming so much . 
  i can get tho that it is hard for our politicians to trust tsipras to be honest . 
  also before they try to change european attitude they should rather try to change the greek attitude ( sorry if that sounds harsh ), 
  no what we are asking for is you to rewrite your law . 
  we do n't want to do it ourselves . 
  we just want a working system in greece aswell, 
  the thing is world war 2 is over for a long time . 
  reparations have been paid to greece . 
  it is just something that deeply offends germans . 
   visiting the graves of the victims of an occupation to your country after your inauguration as prime minister is below the belt ? 
  what ? 
  that 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  no but demanding reparations for world war 2 right after you come into power , conveniently right at a time when you need money and as such instrumentalising it to extort money out of germany . 
  so what are the alternatives ? 
  the problem is there is just no time to do reelections . 
  i am certain that the greeks wo n't just roll over , but at this point we just have to look at the alternatives and i think the only thing w know that it will be bad . 
   do n't bring up germany and it 's past unless you 're prepared to discuss all of it . 
  tired of all the cherry picking arguments . 
  i have no sympathy for anything that germany went through . 
  the two situations are literally universes apart . 
  yes that was stupid from me . 
  sorry i am not always perfetly calm either . 
  i think nobody denies that there were vast crimes commited in the name of my country . 
  it just feels really below the belt to do something like this . 
  greece already was the only country with yugoslavia that got paid war reparations after the london agreement ( incidentally also when greece was defaulting ) . 
  it really just is poor taste to just bring up nazis once you run out of arguments at least thats how it feels . 
  germany is certainly not turning full hardline . 
  they always that they were open for negotiations . 
  also as much greeks hate there was from germany there was also a lot of hate against germans from greeks . 
  stuff like demanding reparations was deeply offensive for example . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  you get thrown nazi references at you all the time aswell . 
  also most of the stuff i see towards france ( well most of the stuff i do aswell ) is friendly banter between germany and france . 
  germany surely also pays the most towards the eu . 
  also i am sure that not only germany would not have wanted a devaluation of the euro . 
  i mean for me personally it would have only meant that stuff gets more expensive after all and my savings shrink, 
  havent you seen all the shit tsipras did ? 
  that is what mostly destroyed the trust, 
  well if you employed this you would have had to force a grexit and nobody wants that . 
  you cant just work like that because that leads to too much conflict, 
  yes and that iss part of the problem . 
  but you can not do proper negotiations if you dont trust each other, 
  that is just wrong . 
  i know you are having a really tough time in greece . 
  i feel really sympathetic for the citizens but i still think your current government is utterly amateurish and did a lot to make the positions worse . 
  the measures the institutions ( or the troika or however you want to call it ) were surely not all right either , but blaming it only on the greeks is about as stupid as saying oh it is all the evil germans . 
  well in the long run we are off course all dead but should that really make us only plan for that time ? 
  i mean we can also all use nuclear power and exploit natural ressources because who cares . 
  we are gon na be dead when it goes to shit . 
  well it is not easy to accept advisors from outside but the greek system on the inside also has proven to be not working well . 
  hell germany is probably the country in europe that had more ouside interference in its statematters ( way way more than greece ) last century . 
  i think asking another governemnet to employ advisors and asking to be able to oversee it themselves is not too much . 
  i mean it is not like we are asking to put our fucking military bases on greek soil . 
  we do n't want to rewrite your laws , we would be much happier if you just did that yourself ... 
  yeah and everybody was fairly happy with that . 
  then syriza came in power and they did all these shenanigans in the negotiations adnd destroyed the trust which led us to where we were now . 
  with the referendum that already seemingly does n't matter 1 week later, 
  well but how do we know that actually something happens and it is not only empty promises . 
  i mean that is the fucking core, 
  even a new government should have some sense of how the political world works tho, 
  so it is germany 's fault if tsipras and the syriza government poisoned negotiations to a point where you have to go to rougher measures ? 
  i mean there is just no real reason to trust that the greek government will really implement reforms or that something willr eally change . 
  also it is not only germany , it is the blatics the netherlands finland that are all against the paper aswell as austria for example . 
  it was reported that more than half of eu finance ministers did n't see the greek paper as fit for new negotiations, 
  and why exactly would they do that ? 
  there is no reason to do so . 
  they are openly saying that they do n't trust them and that it will be hard negotiations but i ca n't see them `` scheming '' . 
  are they having plans for a grexit ? 
  yes that is extremely likely just because it is important to be prepared just in case . 
  but i am certain that they would also prefer if there was an agreement possible that is acceptable for both sides like mrs merkel said : `` the advantages have to outweigh the advantages both for greece and the ez '', 
  well germany just plays the punching bag because germany is the biggest country of all the countries that are against it, 
  well it is not exactly like germany is the only country against these proposals . 
  the german government is not the only one that does n't trust the greek government anymore, 
  the greek government just acted completely weird aswell . 
  they just did a 180 \u00b0 . 
  what leads you to believe that this time the reforms will be actually done instead of just promised ? 
  i do n't think tho . 
  i am fairly certain they hoped the greek government would adopt the reforms , but if you ca n't trust them to take the reforms it might be better to put them under supervision . 
  also there was already a debt cut in 2012 . 
  greece has been loaned money over and over again ( at conditions they could n't have gotten anywhere else ) and still they did not do the reforms . 
  why should they trust them that they will reform now ? 
  see our german government also has a lot more stuff going on than the greek crisis and stiill they manage to operate and get other projects done, 
  mind providing a source ? 
  i have n't head anything like that . 
  i know , but the thing is it is obvous if someone causes a grexit . 
  if it looks like it all might change it doesnt look that bad pr wise . 
  ( keep in mind that i agree with you i just want to give a different perspective ), 
  no but i think she would get a vote to go into negotiations . 
  probably not with all the votes of her own party , but hte opposition will baiscally have to vote for it . 
  the problem is nobody wants to be responsible for causing a grexit, 
  it would absolutely hurt her . 
  i mean she is already getting quite a bit of flak for her more tough positions recently . 
  it essentially destabilizes the eu and the ez and that 's not something you want to have associatied with you .
