  and where do you have problems with bikes ? 
  no you look at [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/o65ai ) rightful german clay !, 
  ( and also much more recent ! ), 
  well of course you can redraw borders and relocate people . 
  that happened on a pretty grand scale in europe too after ww2 . 
  that you should not split of ethnic enclaves like this ? 
  or that if you do you need to do a full ethnic cleansing, 
  well not just the soviets . 
  that really already started with the conquest of crimea under catherine ii . 
  that was history . 
  that is over . 
  should we also claim west pommerania for germany ? 
  well because the tartars were removed from that area to a fairly large extent under catherine the great . 
  ancestral homeland does n't really matter that much once the people are removed from the area . 
  why woukd south germans disagree than that it not be nicer if we were closer ? 
  i am in fact also from bavaria/franconia, 
  double the force but less than half theorganisation . 
  you cant simply add all forces together . 
  honestly it is sad that our two countries are not closer today . 
  i wish german-austria had been allowed to join germany after ww1 . 
  well the uk on balance imports more than it exports . 
  well berlin is one of the uglier cities of germany, 
  european liberals are not the same as american linerals, 
  the thing is a huge share of those in favour dont really care at all , while those against usually , care quite a bit more, 
  i think a lot of people just are feeling a lot less secure about nato going forward and without us backing i do not think europe has much on russia at the moment , if anything militarily . 
  instigating a conflict is also more about emotion than about being rational . 
  you do n't drive ordinary people into war with cold arguments and i honestly do believe that russia is capable of stirring up emotion . 
  when it comes to military gdp is also not that great of an indicator when you are looking at a country that is in large parts selfsufficient in terms of its arms industry . 
  and of course russia still has the largest nuclear arsenal in the world which alone is already a huge threat . 
  that is flat out ridiculous . 
  germany bailed out german banks . 
  do you also really think letting the entire banking sector go into a cascading collapse would have been good for europe or other countries ? 
  there are reasons why countries bail out the banks in such a scenario . 
  the us did too . 
  yeah the german plan for our banks only had a volume of 480 billion euro , roughly double the gdp of portugal ... 
  it is just that germany could cope with that on its own and did not require foreign states to help . 
  germanys debt ratio hiked roughly 15 % during that time though , but it was largely done with in 2010/2011 in germany . 
  considering the afd was hardly established as a party in 2013 , considering that it had only been founded that year not all that suprising . 
  we will see this year, 
  belgium or switzerland then ? 
  honestly i am glad that referendums like this are unconstitutional in germany . 
  i mean amazon warehouses most likely wo n't move . 
  you can also still order from like amazon.fr , amazon.it , amazon.es and amazon.de, 
  what did people expect then ? 
  you could n't have seriously voted in favour of brexit , in a discussion that was already a lot about immigration without seeing the uk leaving the single market as a very possible outcome ? 
  did people really expect the eu to budge on the four pillars of the single market ? 
  all the large eu countries seem rather pessimistic . 
  yes ? 
  a vote for the csu is also a vote for merkel . 
  if the russians light up berlin prague and london , they will also light up nyc , washington and la, 
  i can give you a hint . 
  these bases come from american occupation after ww2, 
  well citations are not that great of ammeasure if these articles are for examples written in different languages . 
  naturally a country that has all these articles written in english will get more citations, 
  and where else do you propose europe should buy its oil from ? 
  it might be time to rethink that going forward though . 
  well but what is the problem with babysitting the waste for centuries ? 
  not like it is some ridiculous volume you could not build storage for . 
  that is a shitty graphic, 
  or the uk turning into an absolute monarchy ? 
  i guess i am just more doubtful about that . 
  especially if the russian intelligence makes up a god reason, 
  how much do you think the rest of nato count on the uk ough in a scenario where the us leaves nato ? 
  how much would people not just in the uk just be willing to buy into russian pretenses should something happen in such a scenario ? 
  it kinda depends . 
  if nato were to fall apart for one i would doubt that the west would go to war over eastern europe and only becauuse it is too busy with itself . 
  i would also be worried about a russian nuclear first strike being possiblee , but i am not really that familiar with how effective russian anti sub keasures are, 
  germany wont break the npt . 
  not without nato breaking up and france breaking away . 
  if anything i could see a joint french-german nuclear arsenal . 
  well wealth is like a really flawed statistic too mostly because it seems to correlate more to rate of home ownership than a country being wealthy . 
  i mean greece has a higher median wealth than germany, 
  germany is a notable exception to this . 
  berlin is not really a very rich part of germany, 
  i mean the babenberger predate the 13 th century . 
  and the areas before 39 were german at the time . 
  wroclaw in 1933 was not really polish at all . 
  the question is if you really want to cool off eu us relations like that, 
  and in that case how will the greek state service its debt if it is lowering its income drastically ? 
  so you demand massive funding until that hypothetical growth sets in and greece gets out ? 
  so you believe that the richer european states should just fund greek economic growth themselves ? 
  how the fuck are you selling to a german , dutch or latvian taxpayer that they now have to pay for greek fuck ups ? 
  why are the as of 1939 soviet republics not marked on here ? 
  soviet unionw as under russian control i would say . 
  well i may be a bit old fashioned but i still feel like having to write your own notes is good for memorization . 
  these whiteboards are also expensive and i would not say that blackboards are hard to clean at all with water . 
  then again we were also not using computers in class at all , but i also finished school in 2011 . 
  the eu was quite clear in that there will be no pre negotiations . 
  the uk is the party that has to open art . 
  50 though . 
  the eu denied that on grounds that there can be no negotiations before art . 
  50 is triggered not because they are fundamentally against such an agreement, 
  i literally never had a multiple choice exam, 
  lol . 
  those are some first world problems . 
  also what is the problem with a blackboard ? 
  we still have these at uni and they are really useful ( granted blackboards are also more useful for mathmatics than other things ), 
  canada has longstanding ties to the uk and had for all its modern history . 
  i would think you could build a similar case for canada as for say greenland , but of course it is all subjective, 
  how was that covered up ?
