  and if hungary state supported funnels refugees up to austria and germany that is not comparable ? 
  also in contrast to hungary turkey has a very significant number of refugees in their country, 
  i am amazed that on the one hand people want to send everyone just back to turkey and set up camps in your country , but are flabbergasted that if you want something from a country you have to give them something in return . 
  also you do n't have to like a leader to engage in diplomatic matters with him . 
  i may not like erdogan , but that does n't make it any less necessary to get involved with turkey on this matter because turkey simply is an important player, 
  if you want something from turkey you have to give them something in return makes no sense ? 
  i love how people distort everything that merkel says or does in relation to the refugee crisis, 
  so you think the eu should not work together with turkey ? 
  see if you want something from turkey you have to give them something in return, 
  the question is why is the uk not pushing for more influence within the eu ? 
  after all it is still the third biggest country in population and gdp , but you seem to be mostly entangled in domestic politics, 
  but when hungary does it it is fine and self defence ? 
  and the polish attacked germany and we needed to retaliate !, 
  so far it has mostly materialized in demonstrations here, 
  honestly i find the right wing extremism to be far scarier than refugees which is in large parts a logistical problem . 
  uhm just look at how merkels statement regarding the suspension of the dublin ii procedure has been presented all over the world for example and then read what she originally said, 
  just like merkels statements got heavily distorted, 
  apparently the solution is to just do the traffickers work and ship them to germany with service provided by the states, 
  then those sovereign countries should stop funneling people towards germany, 
  yes and what else would you propose ? 
  so what are these arguments against taking a share of refugees that do not sound racist ? 
  why can i no texpect every single county to take a share of the refugees according to their population and gdp ? 
  i also think it should not matter where these people fled from once they are granted asylum and should only matter for processing their asylum status where they are from and what they believe in , because frankly their faith in none of our business . 
  i certainly agree that we need a system to send the people back when the war is over just like after the yugoslav wars . 
  also if these people rather want to go back to syria than getting redistributed like this would n't it be an effective way to reduce the flood ? 
  and for moving and working illegally well these people just have to be deported back to the state they were distributed to, 
  yes , but apparently having those camps at the borders on the borders of the eu and then redistributing them across europe is not something states like hungary want ... 
  they rather want to funnel every refugee to austria or germany . 
  i personally think that one thing that we also need especially is the austrian and the german government working closer together on the issue if the rest of the eu already does n't want to play along . 
  well this is still not the majority of germans oppinion and more importantly something merkel will probably not consent to . 
  this is not going to happen, 
  1.5 million is the population of just the city . 
  the munich metropolitan area has around 5.7 million people living there ( the munich metropolitan are is about 40 % of bavaria in terms of area ), 
  they were really good like once . 
  it was a really big upset that germany beat hungary in the 54 final, 
  but is n't the bigger issue that the people accept the bribes ? 
  i mean how are countries supposed to compete when someone else will inevitably bribe those that are bribable ? 
  arguably they have done some things very right seeking help in order to not hurt a child, 
  then germany should go and annex austria !, 
  that doesnt make sense tho . 
  luxembourg is definitely richer than germany . 
  honestly the only solution i see is to be very clear is that it is basically take it or leave regarding those relocations . 
  it should be made clear to them that they either have to accept this or wo n't be able to apply for asylum in europe ... after all they want something from us and not reversed, 
  huh ? 
  i was just pointing out a difference within germany and 45 years of communism just left the east a lot less recovered than the west . 
  still east germany is the former warsaw pact state that is closest to western standards mostly because it got annexed and financed by west germany ( estimates go that it cost 1.3-2 trillion euro, 
  there is a bit difference between increased border controls and the australian system . 
  also what hungary is doing is generally seen as wrong . 
  mr orban is very unpopular in germany . 
  also this is not about the american constitution but rather about the german constitution aswell as the 1951 refugee convention aswell as the eu charta of human rights, 
   she 's against limiting the number of accepted asylum seekers how do you do that and stay with the constitution ? 
   she 's against protecting the eu border with force she has been repeatedly on air saying that the eu outer borders have to be controlled more tightly, 
  neither the us nor canada have a landroute to the middle east or africa tho ... 
  what is your claim based on ? 
  because the statistics i have seen thatthe vast majority of syrian refugees plan to return to syria, 
  the people critical of her do so in a sarcastic way, 
  well this is apparently not the position here for the majority . 
  at least not for the eu handling it in line with things like the eu charta of human rights or the 1951 geneva convention . 
  god mr orban really is a joke, 
  yes but islam has also been always been in europe throughout the times . 
  i mean you can make a case for islam not being a part of europe , but then you should exclude judaism aswell, 
  then that also applies to christianity and judaism . 
  that is just so wrong on several levels . 
  firstly the dublin procedure was already fallen apart at that point because the entry states could n't handle the influx anymore so this was decided . 
  it was made to reduce the burden on countries like greece and hungary . 
  also that was already happening in practice because the supreme court overruled the deportations according to dublin anyways . 
  lol how did merkel start the syrian civil war ? 
  still it is a blatant misstranslation, 
  it just does n't do anything to contribute to a solution of the refugee crisis . 
  can we please stop so heavily muddling with the terms of refugees and migrants ? 
  the articles headline states that `` the german states registered 409.000 refugees in 40 days '', 
  what does a fence even accomplish apart from deflecting the people away from hungary ? 
  ex-east germany aswell as a low rate of home ownership, 
  there is a massive division between west and east germany . 
  also as others said a lot of germans do n't own a house so that is another factor . 
  i just wanted to say this is probably one of these maps where you see a very steep difference within germany . 
  also the bbc is being criticiued for being biased in both directions ... 
  the five permanent members in the security council are the primary winners of ww2 . 
  those also happen to be some of the economically and politically most powerful countries , but if those were the criteria , japan , germany , india and brazil, 
  before ww2 some of the big polish cities were also german cities ( stettin , danzig for example ), 
  yes if you make a point of massacring non ethnic germans there are non left ... 
  hey at least the soviets solved the problem with the german minority for you !, 
  i suggest reading the article first !, 
  for example i may not need a visa to visit the us but that does n't mean i am allowed to work there . 
  well then why are japan and germany not on that list ? 
  it is precisely because of ww2 that exactly those 5 countries are the permanent members, 
  so a bit longer than 80 years ago the nazis came into power which ruined a lot of that for post war germany so people are not much in touch with that anymore, 
  well but then germany is not obliged in any way to pay them benefits and thy can be deported back, 
  so your solution is killing the people off ? 
  i just do n't see an even remotely probable scenario where germans are not the majority in germany . 
  the most likely i can see is nuclear war , but in that scenario well germany would cease to exist, 
  yes but they seemingly finally buckled down and the thing is in the working at least . 
  it is fucking important we get a coherent immigration law fast, 
  there are 64 million ethnic germans in germany and 16 million with some migration background . 
  how do you seethere being a majority of non germans any time soon ? 
  see these cases are evaluatedon a case by case basis . 
  also i have no deep insight on the asylum process . 
  sure the decider will look more tightly why you should receive asylum if you are from the netherland and you will most likely be fast tracked back . 
  i would actually think that if you are through the fasttracking stage it should be a lot easier to actually get asylum because most likely you then have a legit claimto asylum ( or you would have been denied before ) . 
  also you should take everything i tell you with a grain of salt , but at least that is how i understood how the system works .
