  you know that merkel was actually one of those pushing for a lighter course ? 
  she could havebeen way tougher on greece if that was what she intended . 
  she could have pushed for there being no bailout . 
  eu passports are n't given out like cookies , at least not in germany . 
  it still takes 6 years of residence , a solid knowledge of german and the ability to sustain yourself for a refugee to become a german citizen . 
  and at that point why would they want to move to the uk if they already have a life here ? 
  another question : how many refugees did the uk have during the yugoslav wars ? 
  would n't that create a massive power imbalance in europe tho ? 
  a bloc of the benelux , austria , germany and france carries a lot more weight economically than any other european country . 
  do n't get me wrong i would like such a fairly small and somewhat homogenous federation but it would be a big powerbloc . 
  i do n't get the part about civil lawsuits ? 
  what should happen even if it were true it is not the police 's fault . 
  see it just seems fairly plausible that a troubled girl with a cousin that is part of the npd , a girl that was exposed to the constant news about the migrant crisis , would make claims like that to not have to explain she ran away for a while . 
  it is believable and i can certainly see her cousin wanting to believe it . 
  in general in germany the police is also significantly more trusted by the people than it is in the us . 
  the police usually is n't seen as bad here . 
  i would say that generally people trust the police . 
  they also were too divided in themselves . 
  they could have left a eurozone and gotten their nominal debt cut . 
  they just wanted to stay in the eu and get a nominal debt cut . 
  they could have seized the national banks and inflated their own currency . 
  they could have abolished austerity if they accepted that that would have also meant to abandon the euro . 
  you also just run the risk of the csu itself disintegrating . 
  people do n't change votes that easily and the csu does n't have much of a platform outside of bavaria . 
  they would also lose a rather sizable chunk of voters in bavaria i would suppose most likely losing absolute majority, 
  oh it does make a lot of sense that a media frenzy occurs before a proper investigation was conducted , simply because it confirms peoples biases . 
  imagine in the late 50s in the us a white girl claims she was raped by a negro , do you really think people would have waited for the police to properly investigate to get riled up ? 
  do you think media that was already biased would not jump to conclusions ? 
  i also really do n't see what the police would have to gain from trying to cover that kind of stuff up , but i do see an awful lot to lose if they try to cover something like this up and it turns out to be true . 
  it does not even make political sense to cover this up because if it blows over it will be even worse and it would blow over . 
  they even issued a statement , even though they usually would n't because sexual abuse of minors is usually not reported on to protect the victims . 
  sexual abuse of children . 
  well then at least i would say you did n't understand what he wrote, 
  now what seems more likely to you : the police forcing a girl to retract a story for no particular reason or a 13 year old making up shit to cover her ass ? 
  statutory rape does n't exist in germany ( i mean in terms of law not in terms of action ), 
  i do n't think it really matters that they were of turkish descent . 
  most turks in that age range are born and raised in germany . 
  they are the children and grandchildren of people that cme ot germany . 
  this could just aswell have happened with a russo-german or a german german . 
  well you just ignored everything he wrote and then linked to the statistics ? 
  nobody doubts migrants commit more crimes than the general population , but in the economic layers that commit more crimes migrants are overrepresented . 
  it is 14, 
  actually it was her cousin that told the pree . 
  the police wouldnt have . 
  released anything themselves to protect the victim because she is a minor . 
  they just bowed to public preessure, 
  i hope you know that this survey will be very biased simply because you only sample it against a demographic of people speaking english well enough to use a site like reddit . 
  oh i know i just wanted to point out that technically germany fought 3 wars against china aswell . 
  you could even make a case for serbia/yugoslavia being the couzntry germany led the wars against if you count both world wars and the bosnian and kosovo war . 
  i 'd move to austria . 
  china is tied with france . 
  technically germany fought in the boxer rebellion and china also declared war on germany in both world wars . 
  if i look at that list the most often named one is most likely the crimean khanate . 
  i did n't even know that exists . 
  probably a pretty long list considering austria exists for so much longer than germany . 
  either france and china tied or china only if you do n't . 
  germany actually fought in the boxer rebellion and china declared war on germany in both world wars . 
  that said there were probably a lot less fighting actually going on with the chinese . 
  historically the enemy of germany was france which is astonishing considering they are now our closest ally . 
  honestly it is pretty amazing that all people see here is hate . 
  see i also think it is despicable to raise false accusations , but i can also see that a troubled teenage girl would make up bullshit especially if one of her relatives encourages way , instead of facing what happened and what could happen to her if she told what would really happened , or at least be fearful of that . 
  she explicitly mentions `` schusswaffen '' which means firearms and specifally the officers gun . 
  that 's because that map predates the franco-german war . 
  as a concept this was basically dead when the prussians won the 1866 war . 
  having austria being part of germany was then smitten down by the allies in 1919 and again set in stone after ww2 . 
  yes . 
  probably the only way something similar to this coming true would have required the austrian led coalition to win the austro-prussian war in 1866 , and even then we might have a germany now that is moved to the south with instead having prussia as its own state and vienna as the german capital . 
  it seems pretty funny how baden-w\u00fcrtemberg alone would already be bigger than switzerland is today . 
  greater germany is also pretty well known i would guess . 
  also one of the few that actually existed even just for a fairly short time . 
  haha . 
  it is pretty ridiculous . 
  that country would have had more population in the 1860s than france has today . 
  we should also include austria and the benelux . 
  how about we call this project : european union ? 
  how about greater austria : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gro%c3%9f%c3%b6sterreich#/media/file:70-millionen_reich.jpg, 
  this seems so crazy . 
  i remember people rioting here when theywere charging 500 $ for tuition . 
  i know at least for my math degree basically any book you can lend in library or they give oyu free access to ebooks . 
  i know that the lecturers for some of my lectures wrote the books they used themselves and still they provide it for free as ebooks . 
  i also do n't feel my school is underfunded , but that is probably because i am at a pretty reputable university that is getting funding . 
  my mandatory expenses each semeste are like 150 $ and that includes a ticket for local public transport during off hours ( basically not between 8-18 on weekdays ) . 
  well that literally is/was the plan . 
  to build giant camps funded by the eu to decide who gets asylum and then distribute the people fro mthese camps among the different european countries . 
   there is , it 's called eurodac and it 's run by frontex . 
  does n't work . 
  the system is n't properly implemented and there are not cnetral registration centers . 
   so how many germans do you think there are who know the difference between the syrian type arabic accent and the algerian one ? 
  not a lot but you can hire those that do  i agree . 
  however did you know that until recently algeria and marocco were not considered safe countries of origin ? 
  go figure , you have ads on tv and vacation packages being sold to those countries and yet they are not considered safe by the governments of some eu countries . 
  afghanistan is also not labelled a safe country and yet we deport people there . 
  having them labeled safe just makes it easier, 
   apparently nobody told the migrants that . 
  because they flatly refuse to go . 
  some are going back because they did n't receive what , in their mind , was owed to them : house , car , money to spend . 
  so let them go back who am i to force them to stay in europe . 
  we have to put out more of the information what does and does n't happen in europe . 
   it does n't work . 
  some syrian families hosted in poland who got jobs & house & money ran away in the night to go to germany .
