  also nobody is saying that people coming here on asylum should get to stay here forever , should be able to fully settle down . 
  once the civil war is over they will have to go back to syria . 
  why are people mixing up immigration and asylum so much ? 
   they do provide shelter and they still look further only because we are allowing it . 
  they provide shelter , but not necessarily enough food or drinking water and no education for their children . 
   that 's fine . 
  but i still do n't really see the big change that we would have to make to the gg to make my immigration policy happen . 
  mostly is just the application of already past national and international legislation . 
  can you please put a distinct clarification between immigration and asylum ? 
  because prohibiting immigration completely seems like a recipe for a disaster ( and is also incompatible with the eu treaties )  at the beginning of this you asked who puts migrants above natives and while the op did n't really deliver on an answer . 
  for me it 's loyalty . 
  the current immigration policy of germany does n't reflect loyalty to it 's own people , to put it 's citizens first . 
  how is it illoyal to the german people to allow people fleeing from civil war asylum in our country ? 
  is it also illoyal to allow for the east expansion of the eu because that caused more economic migration . 
  we are looking at almost 2 million poles in germany . 
   i know everyone on the internet claims to be really important but i 'm currently finishing my bachelor in chemistry and afterwards there will a master and after that probably a phd . 
  and while i do n't receive baf\u00f6g i am still grateful that i could receive a high quality education for very little money ( in international comparison ) similar things apply to me . 
  i am in mathmatics though . 
   yet after i am finished i will not stay to see the outfall when this catastrophic immigration eventually will blow up in these `` gutmenschen '' 's ( i do n't include you in this ) faces because they want to feel good about themselves . 
  see , but at least for me and i think for a lot of other people it is not about feeling good it is about adhering to moral principles . 
  you can be sure that i would be a lot happier if ( a lot ) less people came to germany to ask for asylum , but we have to make due , we should however get the other members of the eu to help aswell . 
  all states in the eu signed the geneva conventions aswell as the eu charta of human rights . 
  maybe the concept of universal human rights and that some people are not inherently better than others is wrong , but i still think the states of the eu and germany should adhere to these principles . 
  also one thing i do n't quite get is what people are so scared of happening . 
  why do we get the same fears rising up as during the yugoslav wars or during the eastern expansion of the eu . 
   and since my own country treats me like just a means to generate the at least 12 billion $ annually that this immigration will take yes we all pay our taxes so our state can function and enact its decisions . 
  you will always fund policies with your taxes that you do n't support in one form or another , that 's just how taxes are set up and i think ti is better than havign to raise money for every individual project because it also means that things like unemployment benefits can get financed . 
  if you want an example of a policy i personally absolutely do not support , but still gets financed is the energiewende . 
  having only renewables by 2050 seems like an absolutely unrealistic goal to me and i also just do not see the advanteages of shutting down nuclear over coal for example . 
   instead of using it to invest it in families so that we can actually get solutions to that demographic change . 
  that is another issue and i do n't really see why it makes sense to link these two together . 
   norway seems nice . 
  they have a reasonable immigration policy and the numbers that go with it . 
  germany is also nice and it also actually is n't htat easy to get a blue card for germany . 
  see you repeat that over and over , but why would they do that ? 
   handling of financial crisis how was that handled badly by the german government ? 
  the german economy is among those least hit by the financial crisis . 
  unemployment is really low . 
   greek crisis even though i guess there were people that would have preferred her to be tougher on greece , i think a majority was somewhat fine with it , but i doubt there will be another bailout  energy transition and planless abandonment of nuclear power that had absollutely overwhelming popular support . 
  the support for that policy was way way bigger than the support for or against merkel 's refugee policy, 
  there are way more . 
  she still has an approval rate of around 55 % and while that may be an all time low it still is n't terrible . 
  expecting 75 % + approval at all times is just unrealistic . 
  honestly there wo n't be a power vacuum . 
  merkel will get reelected in 2017 and then possibly choose to retire before the 2021 elections . 
  if we see merkel announcing she wo n't run next year i am fairly certain we will see sch\u00e4uble as the candidate for the cdu and as the next chancellor . 
  the most likely outcome still seems to be that merkel will just stay chancellor, 
  i think one issue is that it is just impossible to form a properly conservative government in the current political landscape . 
  as long as you need the spd it will just be tough and the sucess of the afd makes it seem unrealistic that we can get schwarz-gelb anytime soon . 
  and then you want a coalition forming of spd-greens-fdp-linke to form a government against merkel and the afd . 
  that seems utterly unrealistic, 
  you will still have spd and fdp that will agree on a chancellor merkel . 
  also who do you expect to form a government like that ? 
  when do negotiations become blackmail in your oppinion ? 
  then one question : who do you think should replace her ? 
  the only candidate that i would like to see over merkel as chancellor probably is sch\u00e4uble myself , but i do n't really see that happening . 
  i personally think what we would need is a government without spd or greens in it , but that seems completely unrealistic . 
  no the greeek banks have not collapsed . 
  you can still withdraw limited amounts of cash for example it is not all just gone . 
  if you had gone fully bankrupt at the start of the crisis there si also a signficant chance that things would have gotten way worse because then there would have been nobody to help greece . 
  where do you think greece should have gotten money from anymore at that point for example ? 
  and what happens if even more of the ez states collapse at that point ? 
  we should probably take insa polls with a grain of salt . 
  they have a tendency to show a signficant disparaty to all other pollsters and always into the anti-merkel/pro afd direction . 
  how were the greek governments fored to take out loans and partake in giant deficit spending ? 
  also again do you think that having the greek government collapse because it does not have any more money to pay states workers or pensions a good idea ? 
  to have the greek banks collapse ? 
  the thing is that would have also completely destroyed the greek public spending system simply because they would not have any money to spend . 
  pensions would not only be cut , but could not be payed out at all . 
  greek people would also lose out on all their savings as the greek banks collapse ( while the other europen states would still have to bail their banks out , but unlike greece they could do that ) . 
   if they are without refugee status they should have been deported . 
   you want to deport people without giving them the chance of even getting refugee status ? 
  nobody si disagreeing that those where it has been decided that they have to leave the country immediately should also be deported . 
   the syrian civil war started 2011 . 
  are you telling me that for 4 years the migrants did n't know about central europe and have been running in circles while they are still fleeing ? 
  the fact that turkey provided them shelter and so on is technically enough to stop any migration that illegally entered the eu from turkey . 
  no , they have been in hte bordering countries for the most part , but the funding for these camps had been stripped more and more with more and more people coming in . 
  people also just saw no future for themselves or their kids in these camps . 
   that is a completely insane decision . 
  when the syrian civil war would end tomorrow and the living situation in syria instantly would go back to what it was in syria before 2011 . 
  their living situation back home in syria would n't compare to european standards . 
  there is a difference between deporting people under the dublin rules and sending them back home though . 
  you could also say that the living standards in ex jugoslavian countries are not up to european standards , but still we deported people back there . 
   kurdistan like a israel would be a stronger ally than syria ever was . 
  obviously you would help them build their democracy and that would mean the us would n't have to back a dictator to have another strong ally in the region . 
  it 's a win win . 
  what is inherently wrong with backing a dictator from the perspective of the us though ? 
  also they might be a stronger ally than syria , but certainly not stronger than turkey . 
  turkey for example still controls the bosporus . 
   then pass it and actually do it . 
  i 'm just tired of turkey using this migrant crisis to blackmail europe . 
  the thing is that wo n't happen . 
  do you really think the bundestag would pass that intervention ? 
  how do you spin that that it is considered defence ? 
   and they could do so in prison . 
  after that is declined one way ticket home . 
  what do you want to put them in prison though for ? 
  and why ? 
  having them in prison is certainly more expensive . 
   we have people with ak47s running through paris and blowing up airports in belgium .
