  but if we applied this logic it would also be rational to just work something out with russia and go for deeper trade relations for example . 
  i mean it seems absurd losing tens of billions of euros over some irrelevant peninsula in the black sea, 
  well if you want to call respecting international conventions like the geneva convention or respecting the eu charta of human rights or the german grundgesetz irrational then yes . 
  we ca n't just abandon basic rights because they do n't fit us at a time or at least we should n't . 
  if people flee from war and seek asylum they shall be granted that . 
  that 's just how that works . 
  is that the best possible outcome for germany or the eu ? 
  hell no . 
  it would be better for us if these people were n't even coming in the first place but that does n't free us from the obligation to provide asylum and with the prospect of these people staying here for quite a while it seems very rational to provide means to integrate to avoid another fiasco like with the guest workers in the 60s or 70s . 
  because we ca n't just abandon basic rights just because they do n't fit us at this moment . 
  the constitutition and the geneva convention dictates that those fleeing from war shall be granted asylum . 
  the situation with saving banks was different and more necessary for purely practical rather than legal reasons because if the german banking system collapsed the german economy would have suffered an awful lot aswell . 
  that is why a lot of those banks were considered too big to fail . 
  when else do you propose holding back spending if not in times when the economy is doing well ? 
  indeed but better to do sth late than never, 
  benefit reductions most likely but hidden . 
  also maybe they will drop the schwarze null, 
  frieden in german, 
  what leads , you to bekieve that nato couldnt defeat russia in a nonnuclearmwar ? 
  to make a war on the continent impossible by linking germany 's and france 's economy, 
  i hope that one day in the future russia can be part of this . 
  maybe not in the foreseeable future but some day . 
  after all russia is still europe for a good part, 
   create your own and leave the current one alone uhm germany and france were who basically created the eu ( or better its predecessors ), 
   germany told everybody they had a right to asylum in europe so everyone came but everybody has the right to apply for asylum . 
  not necessarily a right to asylum tho, 
  holocaust denial was punishable before aswell , it was just that it was only written explicitly into the law in 1985 ... 
  the issue is the german system was not prepared for that correct either which led to a lack of officers to process asylum applications which led to a pretty large backlog in applications . 
  people are absolutely getting it done but it 's not easy to have one government branch responsible for registering going from the capabilities to register 80k to 1 million in 3 years especially if you only know very shortly ahead how many people are coming . 
  yes there are even more than 500 thousand unregistered . 
  there are only 400 thousand asylum applications ( mind you this is only up to november so the actual numbers will be higher by now ) , but we have already more than 1 million people that entered germany . 
  the bamf is just overburdened . 
  and there are already 9000 bundeswehr soldiers working aswell to handle the whole refugee crisis . 
  it is tough for sure , but it is also doable it just takes time for bureocracy to adjust . 
  in germany there 's a saying `` die m\u00fchlen der b\u00fcrokratie mahlen langsam '' which roughly translates to `` the mills of bureocracy grind slowly '' and that is just what 's happening . 
  on page 5 you can find the numbers for germany : https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile note that there was already a predicted rise in numbers so you ca n't explain the increased numbers with that `` invitation '' only . 
  here is the eu wide report : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_quarterly_report http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_time_asylum_applicants,_eu-28,_january_2014_%e2%80%93_september_2015.png here is the diagramm . 
  it shows the number of applications starting to rise rapidly in may and then continueing to get faster consistently . 
  also yes the numbers are huge . 
  the number of refugees currently rivals cologne and almost got to the number of immigrants to germany ( which was around 1.2 million in 2013 ) http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/28347/umfrage/zuwanderung-nach-deutschland/, 
  well it 's a remnant of denazification and actually that is something that originated from the allies and not from germany . 
  and how big is that difference in your oppinion ? 
  like gim me a factor, 
  one question : do you really believe that people are fleeing to europe due to germany 's actions ? 
  yes but that does n't mean suspending the dublin regulations . 
  that just means that deportations under the dublin agreement will no longer be checked for ... 
  if that is what you are looking for why are you not bashing on hungary or greece because not registering refugees is against the regulations . 
   binning of the dublin regulation repeating it does n't make it true . 
  germany did not ignore the dublin agreement . 
  if anything greece or hungary violated it by failing to register migrants . 
  very prussian !, 
  that is the letter of the law as i said , not an invitation ... also as the article states it may have been in a move to protect demaziere , but we simply do n't know, 
  can you post me a direct quote ? 
  i do n't deny that there was one perceived , i just do n't think there was one issued . 
   on the 24 august germany binned the dublin regulation . 
  and which part of the dublin regulation was binned ? 
  the only thing germany did was publicly stating that temporarily the dublin deportations for syrian citizens will be suspended . 
  that is very well within the rules of the dublin regulations , even ignoring that this was what was factually happening even before that statement . 
   on 31 august manfred schmidt , germany 's top immigration dude , told spiegel `` when it comes to the absorption of people who are fleeing persecution and require protection , there can be no upper ceiling . '', 
  and that is precisely the letter of the law . 
   3 ) all over europe , french is still the main second language taught in school . 
  uhm i am certain that that is english and not french, 
   would people still get out of bed each day and go to work or do something else productive even with that unconditional basic income of 1,000 euros , less than half the average german monthly wage , but more than twice what those on welfare receive ? 
  this is kinda missleading because the usual hartz iv of around 400 $ is not including rent, 
  a later one yes . 
  i am talking about the predictions from july , currently we have already broken the mark of 1 million . 
  as i said it may have accelerated some of the process . 
  can we please stop this inviting bullshit ? 
  the predictions of the bamf for asylum applications coming to germany was 800k in july which was well before merkel said anything . 
  german courts already ruled that germany ca n't send back people under the dublin rule to greece as the article states , so saying that you wo n't send people back , when you were not doing that is not exactly new it was missinterpreted and it may have accelerated the inflow of people but saying this was caused by germany is just dumb, 
  so if taiwan were to have been part of japan ( for example ) it would be wrong to say it is not part of china ? 
  well before ww1 alsace-lorraine was german clay . 
  germany annexed it from france after the 1870/1871 war, 
  how is saying taiwan being part of china different than saying crimea is part of ukraine ? 
  when did russia apply ? 
  we are also allowing people to flee that would have to radicalise to survive . 
  these people could become moderates but they could just aswell become isis members, 
  and those people were eu nationals . 
  do you seriously want to strip citizens of their rights just for being part of a religion ? 
   one could ask why not mention lenin , stalin and mao ? 
  and also communism , socialism and islamism ? 
  and why not rote amee fraktion , taliban and isis ? 
  this will of course only harm children by making them question humanity . 
  a mention in history class is adequate . 
  why do you think those are not taught . 
  granted they are not taught to the extent of the nazis ( well almost nothing is and nothing in history ) . 
  the raf especially was a pretty big topic being taught when i was at school . 
  when did 90 % of germans support nazism ? 
  where do you have this number from ? 
  the nsdap only got 44 % after the machtergreifung and before that they never even broke 40 % . 
  maybe after all the propaganda you would have gotten such results but also that saying something different could have ended up very bad for you, 
  well you read g\u00f6the and lessing aswell in the even more antiquated german they write , that 's not the problem . 
  yep 800 thousand was before merkel opened her mouth so clearly her fault, 
  yeah man there were only 800thousand predicted in july !, 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  well germany having direct access to russian gas seems like a good idea to me for multiple reasons . 
  also the nor stream project is already 15 years old . 
  it just was only finished in 2011, 
  yes that 's true , but our best interests just do n't always align with what is right to do . 
  for example what is there to gain from sanctioning russia ?
