  i would sure have loved the cuban missile crisis if both sides just consistently increased tension !, 
  who does n't like a nice firework to end the world ? 
  that 's just not true ... 
   i understand that a lot come from africa , iraq , bulgaria , sudan , algeria , lebanon etc. , but just because your country does n't have the best of conditions , does n't mean you are a refugee and should be treated as such and nobodyd said that . 
  merkel herself said so often that these people will have to go back ...  h. i 'm not saying no one is allowed to immigrate here but there is a process , a process which most do n't want to go through so they declare themselves as syrian refugees . 
  there are plenty of other countries than can fufill their needs but that 's not good enough for them . 
  they want money without working right , but the way we have our laws set up they can apply for asylum and then get it decline and be banned from reentering . 
  the thing is as long as the asylum request is processed they have to live somehow and the german constitution dictates that we ca n't just leave people rotting in the streets . 
  it sucks that you have to hand out money there freely , but i do not see a better solution to this without a proper control at the outer eu borders and for that you need to rework the way asylum works in the eu, 
  we could really do well without de maizere, 
  so is germany now at the bad guy for not performing and for performing dublin deportations ? 
  so we can only send the few hundred thousands that have n't been able to properly apply for asylum back ? 
  still the dublin regulation is pointless by now . 
  we have seen it collapse last year, 
  spending has n't been cut . 
  it just has not been increased as fast revenue has . 
  also we have n't even reached pre crisis niveau of debt to gdp again and when to reduce that if not in good times ? 
  how is current account surplus supposed to decrease with a fundamentally undervalued currency ? 
  maybe the spiegel thinks that . 
  or they are just trying to save face themselves, 
  that seems highly unlikely considering that it was denied pretty much immediately . 
  also the reaction is pretty easy to predict anyways . 
  they pushed a false story . 
  i doubt much will happen aside from some stain on its reputation, 
  yes , but still they could have gotten false information . 
  if they had planned on giving in to erdogan 's demand it does n't make much sense to retract immediately . 
  they had to know that this would cause a massive outrage . 
  to me this looks like a story that they wanted to get out quickly to be the first and did n't properly check the story . 
  bribery in the 2006 wc ? 
  no way ? 
  who could have though that !, 
  that said it still was a fantastic event and i am happy we had it, 
  these laws are rooted in denazification . 
  if you want to blame something blame that, 
  i know . 
  i just wanted to add that legally nothing is preventing her from serving a 5th term . 
  maybe if there was another suitable candidate , but i do n't think that is the case right now . 
  i am not aware that there are any legal provisions that prevent a chancellor serving more than four terms . 
  practically four terms has been the longest that has happened though, 
  that 's a good idea . 
  they are going to need these skills eventually . 
  let 's just hope now a peace in syria can be engineered, 
  how about you look at a map of your own fucking country first before discussing its geography ? 
  and fyi gdansk and szczenin are the most important harbor cities in poland . 
  sczenin is the 7th biggest city in poland located directly at the polish-german border, 
  so you do n't care for szczenin , gdansk or wroclaw ? 
  all cities acquired from germany . 
  does that give the germans that lost their homes and their property back these things ? 
  there were over 8 million germans in what is now poland, 
  poland tok a fifth of what was germany at the time ... 
  luxembourg does that though . 
  they have luxembourgish as an official language which is totally not a dialect of german . 
  it is a well preserved one at least . 
  and take the polticial backlash in germany ? 
  sure she could have done that and then we 'd have the pictures of people dying people getting beaten at merkel 's orders to keep them from going to germany or at least that 's how i think it would have been portrayed . 
  we would also have had the very same issues with the people coming to flee to europe over and over for the next few weeks or months at least . 
  do you not think the public pressure would have mounted on merkel especially once the humanitarian situation in hungary/greece had deteriorated further ? 
   what principles did we give up ? 
  the principle to help people requesting asylum . 
  at least to me it seemed like orban/hungary did not give one fuck about these people and just wanted to not be bothered . 
  i still remember the pictures from hungarian refugee centres . 
  basically i got the impression that the law only really matters when it suits orban . 
   you mean just like germany insisted hungary does while at the same time bashing us , in the months before sept 5 ? 
  i agree , orban could have stfu - i guess he felt vindicated . 
  i think to me the main difference is that the claims of germany and austria had the law on their side . 
  all eu states pledged to provide decent and humane conditions for those seeking asylum and to register the people coming into their country . 
  insisting on that was completely unrealistic and still is today and yet at least my impression is that orban would like the dublin agreement to continue now and resists any different solution that would also have hungary take some responsibility . 
  i can also understand that he felt vindicated , but i do n't think it is right to use the lives of these people as baragining chips . 
   i 'm with you . 
  but at the same time people went bananas for hungary not allowing people in hungary ( and we did n't have anyone 's backing ) . 
  do n't all european countries have the right to asylum enshrined in their laws ? 
  is n't on that ground it appropriate to let these people apply for asylum ? 
   by sending billions to greece out of your own greed - you made greek situation much worse . 
  sorry i do n't quite understand the reasons why you should lend money far below market rates out of greed . 
  that really does not make sense . 
  the decision also has nothing to do with me personally . 
   by `` saving '' 10k refugees from hungary , you encouraged another million to get on the way and uncounted masses still trying to get in . 
  you do know that the nubmer of arrivals peaked last fall shortly after merkel 's announcement to let people in from hungary ? 
  there certainly are plans . 
  the plan i told about is the plan tha was originally pursued by the eu, 
   generally speaking , if hungary ( whoever it 's leader be ) can force germany ( whoever it 's leader be ) into doing something , then the german leadership is doing something terribly wrong . 
  how so ? 
  if hungary is willing to give up principles germany is not willing to give up it seems easy to see how that could generate leverage . 
   while i understand on why germany and austria felt `` forced '' , please consider that orban had exactly the same choices as fenyman : stop the migrants by force and face massive international backlash or let them go . 
  and i think asking germany and austria to provide help in that moment is completely fine . 
  what i find disgraceful is that he kept on attacking germany and austria after that for providing the very help he asked for to insist on following the very dublin regulations he worked around when it did n't suit him . 
  to me it looks like he just did everything he could to make sure hungary would n't have to deal with any refugees with complete disregard for his allies , the very people he got help from . 
   a bit unrelated , from yesterday 's great report - it was weird on how fenyman consulted with merkel on almost everything . 
  well the goal ultimately was to get a large chunk of these people to germany to end the immediate crisis so he had to communicate with merkel . 
  if faymann allowed people into austria without having the backing from merkel he would have been in an even worse situation . 
  fundamentally his decision depended on the decision of merkel . 
  at least that is how i see it, 
  germany was solidaric with hungary when put on the point to help with the people in hungary ? 
  germany did take in the majority of all refugees in europe . 
  germany also sent billions in loans to greece and protected the cvountry from going belly up completely even against massive political opposition within germany . 
   merkel 's belief in `` eu law '' was also not so strong that she decided to `` suspend '' schengen . 
  you did not read the article did you ? 
  it specifically mentions that . 
  it specifically mentions that the dublin system allows to open a new asylum case . 
  if anything you 'd have to argue that germany broke the dublin system by letting people travel on to sweden , but the breaches in hungary were way more severe in my oppinion .
