  i honestly can not believe that the british government could be that incompetent, 
  it looks like this because the english speaking press labels every politician from merkel 's party or the coalition as a merkel ally . 
  all of europe were racist pricks at the time ... 
   should i remind you the ecb 's decisition during the last week , just before the referendum ? 
  the articles leaking from eu officials that a saving accounts haircut starting from 10k euros is imminent the friday before the referendum ? 
  yes because at that point the greek government had abandoned the negotiations with europe to hold this referendum and there was a plan needed and that might have involved even the harsher measures that you mentioned . 
   schauble 's plans to kick greece not only from the eurozone but also from the eu !? 
  because the eurozone and the eu are tangeled together . 
  you could not legally leave the ez without leaving the eu and sch\u00e4uble also said that he would have had greece reenter the eu imeiately under that plan . 
   the #thisisacoup twitter tag circulating the internet after a dozen hours of the eurozone 's meeting behind closed doors where they focused primarily on forcing measures that would humiliate greece ? 
  again after greece abandoned negotiations and behaved like they were in a position of strenght that was nowhere near reality . 
   the sell off of greek property/infrastructure to german corporations with non-transparent procedures and for a laughable price due to the sustained austerity ? 
  no not due to exteneded austerity but due to the fact that the greek state has accumulated ridiculous level of debt . 
  also the companies that are privatized are sold everywhere not just to german companies . 
   the arsonist statement from eu officials , aka . 
  germany 's puppets , leading to deep losses in our market ? 
  which arsonist statements ? 
  also the notion that the eu leaders are german puppets is plain ridiculous . 
  just look at the last year ...  the lenders did n't suffer for the bad loans yes usually the concept is that if you borrow money you have to pay it back ... also greece could have let its own banking system collpase . 
  i do not think that would have been wise though, 
   germans like talking about puerto rico a lot . 
   let 's not get distracted from the discussion , because there are a lot of differences in the two situations . 
  there are also a number of similarities . 
   but germany actually is ruling greece now that definitely is outright wrong . 
  if anything the troika is controlling the finances of the greek government , which is only the case because the troika also provides the money for that budget . 
  it definitely is a loss oof sovereignty , but it was greece that abandoned the negotiations . 
  did they think they 'd get a better deal after that ? 
  papandreou and samaras wer also definitely not toppled by events originating in berlin . 
  if anything the events that caused their resignations originated in athens . 
  also in general germany is not the troika and the troika is not germany . 
  germany is just the biggest part , but far from even a majority . 
   when schauble was talking to tsipras last july , he not only told him `` take it or leave it '' , but rather `` take it or i 'll actively seek to destroy you '' . 
  right it is not secret that sch\u00e4uble and varoufakis hate each other guts . 
  varoufakis also tried to abandon negotiations for a referendum then abandoned the result of that referendum and then had the audacity to ask for an even better deal . 
  then you get take it or leave it , when you go into negotiations from a very weak position after pissing on the people that you need something from . 
  also do not forget that varoufakis also threatened to just stop paying for anything and pull greece completely out and issue their own currency . 
   but you could have acknowledged back in 2009 that this ridiculous euro currency was a mistake i do not think that the euro is a mistake , but honestly even if it is germany could not have prevented it . 
  it is not like germany had a choice with accepting the euro . 
  it definitely was a mistake to allow greece in though . .  the only humane thing to do is to let greece have a gentle restructuring with a mixture of cut-backs , debt relief , and extension of debt repayment deadlines every single thing of these happened . 
  private debt got cut , maturity rates were extended over and over , greece was given loans at interest rates way way below market , and yes the greek government budget was alos cut back . 
  having such a giant deficit was not sustainable at all . 
   instead you chose to shout `` nein '' , to impose austerity measures that are increased with each passing week this got ta be complete hyperbole right ? 
   to force the european public sector to take on european private sector debt , and then to threaten to destroy greece if it did n't capitulate . 
  the european public sector was forced to take over the debt because greece was unable to pay for their debt even after the cut . 
  after all this greece still demanded more and more and ababndoned the negotiations europe still negotiated again with greece but at some point enough is enough . 
  right , but i got the feeling that the american press completely ignored the political dimension of the whole deal . 
  keep in mind that germany was among the more moderates in the negotiations of the greece deal ( ee especially wanted to be a lot tough tougher on greece ) . 
  for example what is the position of these american people on the situation in puerto rico ? 
  should the us just bail out puerto rico completely and take over the loans ? 
   well , you could just see how unsettled frum was when he described the way an imperious germany was ruling greece which is also far detached from reality . 
  the last time germany ruled in greece was in 1944 . 
  germany does definitely demand that greece works its economy to a point where we do not need to constantly bail them out . 
  also what do you think these people would say if it was american or canadian money that should have been blown in greece ? 
  it 's always easier to be generous with other peoples money . 
   i put it to you that there is an information vacuum in germany and much of northern europe about what is really going on . 
  therie is not an information vacuum . 
  i have these informations aswell , there is a significant difference in how they are interpreted though . 
  similarly to how the issues in puerto rico are seen differently here than in the us . 
  how so ? 
  if you promise things in campaigning that you will most likely have to break is it wrong to blame that on the person that made the promises in the first place ? 
  newspapers from where if i may ask ? 
  what is moderate depends on the context a lot . 
  and no the eu or germany did not chose to draw out as much blood as it can . 
  by far not . 
  heck the red cross was ready at the time to fly and provide humanitarian aid in greece . 
  thats just plain wrong . 
  the exposure to greek debt was primarily in greek banks not in german or french banks . 
  these banks of course had exposure to greek debt but not that much compared to their overall portfolio . 
  also how should german and french banks be bailed out at the cost of greeces economy and future that does not even make sense . 
  who bailed out german banks was the german state ( guaranteeing for around half a trillion ) . 
  it is not germanys fault that greece completely fucked itself, 
  i was definitely paying close attention back then . 
  even the fact that there even was another bailout was a victory for the moderates . 
  tsipras did massive damage to himself witht that referendum . 
  dont forget that more than 100 mps of merkels party voted against the bailout . 
  there was still a somewhat large notion that greece should not get any loans period . 
  you can not just let the banks collapse . 
  do you remember what happened when capital controls were imposed increased , when pensioneers couldnt get their pensions ? 
  now imagine that worse . 
  every country should have bailed out its own banks where necessary . 
  is it an isue that there are banks that are too big to fail ? 
  obviously . 
  but it is also hard to change and definitely was realitiy at the time . 
  they demanded a lot more hardline positions than germany . 
  yes , if you knowingly pledge things you can not keep you have to break them . 
  it is not the eus job to make sure tsipras keeps reasonable in his campaign . 
  also yes the eu was far from doing the worst it could have it even lent money to greecy ... 
  right , but brussels very much can put pressure on the uk . 
  after all they need a deal after the brexit, 
  what better plans were there ? 
  just that the greek government made a lot worse decision . 
  compare greece to puerto rico if you want . 
  i also do not see how lending money when nobody else would is beating the shit out of a country . 
  how keeping them in the ez was not good will . 
  what was the better more workable plan by the greek government to sufficiently reduce the debt and eventually pay it back ? 
  do you honestly think the rest of the eu should have given greece money completely for free ? 
  well we will see more on tuesday, 
  th german government was amongst the more moderate during the negotiations . 
  also how is lending to a country that could not get loans anywhere else on decent termss and preventing the country from defaulting not good will ? 
  do you think the eu should have not given anything to greece and just let the state of greece .
