  the aim is almost always to have people eventually return home . 
  the issue is as long as we host people here we need them to be doing something or they will find themselves something that may very well be crime . 
  people just are not made for long periods of inaction . 
  you also have to do stuff like provide schools for the children . 
  having people all concentrated in these camps also leads to ghettoization and may very well make those hotspots of social and criminal issues . 
  it also makes it harder for those people to accomodate themselves to the host country . 
   only those for whom there 's no reasonably chance they can return any time soon , should we be looking at integrating ( providing a start ; a home , work permit , counseling , some education etc. ), 
  people that have a reasonable chance to return home in weeks or month wo n't come to germany or the netherlands to apply for asylum . 
   i just see 100.000 s of thousands moving into europe from all over the world , coming from sri lanka or bangladesh , to sudan or senegal . 
  many of these people have no business here . 
  and nobody is debating that . 
   i also see legit refugees having to move to europe by illegal means on very dangerous routs organized by criminal organisations . 
  this also is one thing that will be tough to eliminate simply because there are the incentives to get here for those people and it simply is not an option to make it for example possible to apply for asylum in foreign embassies simply because that could very easily overstretch the system even more . 
   i would a lot more confident supporting our asylum system if it effectively managed to halt illegal immigration , while at the same time helps actual refugees , not by turning them into economic migrants as well , but by providing safe and legal means to travel here , and safe , though large scale , temporary accomodations . 
  there just are a lot of practical issues with that . 
  the eu was trying to implement such a system with the hotspot system and then the redistribution to make it easier to identify who is eligible for asylum , but i think you know how that system failed . 
  i think it is hard to ask for much more than our states actually trying to make it work , the best we can . 
  we just are dependent on other states here aswell . 
  also if you provide legal means to travel here you have to be careful that you do n't make it too easy so not too many people get here . 
  i know that is cynical , but it just is a matter of the fact that germany and the netherlands for that have only limited capabilites . 
   i also believe all this would be more effective if we would simulteously contribute to a solution to the conflicts that displace these people instead of standing by it and looking at it . 
  i do not know for the netherlands , but i know that the german government is actively trying to seek a solution for the conflict in syria . 
  it just is a complicated issue , one that wo n't be solved in a fortnight . 
  they have seperate identities , but they are very close to each other for example in the case of germany and the netherlands . 
  for example england and scotland also have seperate identities, 
  there is no binding precedent law . 
  practically courts tend to follow each other so that decisions do n't get overturned so easily , but they are free to decide otherwise . 
  there is no binding precedent law in germany, 
  i think you are just looking at it the wrong way . 
  these people are fleeing civil war and we ca n't make that go away if we do not allow people to flee to us , but it instead is our humanitarian duty to help those in need and provide sanctuary to those that come to us . 
  nobody is debating that people coming here solely to exploit the welfare systems shall be deported , also nobody really wants refugees , but they still come and once the war is over they will be sent back . 
  yes that will be harsh again just like it was after the yugoslav wars but it is necessary to send them back again . 
  nobody in germany talks about the ww2 in this context this is something you really only see in the english speaking press ( or well other foreign press ) . 
  i also do certainly not hold the believe that everybody has the right to just bounce in here and demand/take anything they need , nor do i believe that a multicultural society is a good idea and that is actually also the position of the german government . 
  i do however believe that human rights are universal , but that there are certainly practical limits rooted in reality . 
  you know actually most if not all of your points are shared by the vast majority of people in germany aswell . 
  honestly do you believe that germany or the netherlands should not provide refuge to people fleeing from civil war or fleeing political prosecution or prosecution because they are gay or do n't believe in a certain religion ? 
  there is no precedent law in germany, 
  the way i see it that it is the courts that have to decide that and not the german government . 
  there is already a safety valve in the courts . 
  thank you for providing some more insight . 
  it just really striked me as weird because it seems so much against the idea of the division of power in the state, 
  yes because merkel is not the judge in germany . 
  this is up to the courts to decide . 
  just like merkel could n't and shouldnt be able to decide she wants a friend of hers that did n't pay his taxes gets of scot free because she says so, 
  her part of the power is the executive not the judicative, 
  that is why they said they will abolish that law, 
  she litterally said that the law will be abolished ... 
  how is upholding seperation of power and announcing that the law will be repealed not defending free expression ? 
  why should merkel take it to herself to decide what the courts should decide under partition of power . 
  the prosecutor may decide that . 
  honestly it is ridiculous hat the federal government can veto prosecution in the first place . 
  the courts should decide and not the government . 
  that is after all what partition of power is about, 
  so we need to throw eve more money at it ? 
  why not freate a soli for greece ? 
  the thing is this is not an economic recession across all of europe . 
  the uk is doing fine , germany is doing fine a lot of central europe is doing fine . 
  what point is there in poring hundreds of billios , trillions into countries where we have no power in just for the sake of pushing them up ? 
  how do you justify raising taxes in germany so people in greece or spain can live a better life ? 
  the thing started thriugh s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung who involved the icij because it is too much material for one paper . 
  and what interest woukd a german newspaper have interest in that ? 
  i think the attitude would inveitably change somewhat when there are simply more people in it that did n't grow up germans . 
  i would also like austria in such a union . 
  it feels like these are the ountries where a political union seems like a concept that could actually work . 
  if france leaves aswell the eu will more or less dissolve and a followup will be created, 
  i would feel reasonably comfortable sharing that with the netherlands though, 
  well the us also considers it its sphere fo influence and the us is a lot further from the baltic sea than russia . 
  in theory it should be ... 
  but there is a stupid law that says the government has to approve, 
  but how ? 
  is it a suprise that terrorists might consider targeting nuclear faciliities ? 
  it says european union on my passport so there is something . 
  even if it also says federal republic of germany . 
  liberum veto is such a great system !, 
  so he downloaded public information on nuclear facilities on the internet ? 
  that is not exactly scandalous, 
  this is grossly misrepresenting it . 
  what the german governmeent has to decide based on the alw if a trial should be opened or if it should be shielded by the government . 
  now you basically create a lose lose situation where you either open thet rial or dilute the division of power . 
  i am also convinced that the biggest consequences for b\u00f6hmermann have already happened anyways . 
  in my oppinion it is ridiculous that the federal government can and has to deciede if such a trial should be opened . 
  that is for the courts to decide and not the government . 
  also erdogans lawyers filed against b\u00f6hmermann and the german state now could ecide to prevent the case going to court ... 
  how is it a big deal if german banks do business in german ? 
  they are german banks not english banks . 
  so german banks do their business in german . 
  how is that something we should be angry at ? 
  after all they 're german banks, 
  the issue is that it is most likely unconstitutional to ban foreign funding and preaching in other languages than german only for one religion . 
  you could obviously put that in a blanket ban for all religions but pinpointing one will be shot down by the bgh, 
  actually that is the case in finnish and estonian were german is called saksa and saksamaa , while sachsen is only one part of germany . 
  the thing probably is that english is a lot more prevalent a language than estonian or finnish . 
  also germany has all sorts of weird names from the countries it neighbors . 
  funnily the dutch get it the closest in duitsland and dutch in english is incredibly close to deutsch . 
  the second closest are probably the nordics calling us tyskland , but then there are the variations on niemcy allemania and germany ( the latter being german tribes ), 
   after all german name before and during ww2 was protektorat b\u00f6hmen und m\u00e4hren ... actually i think k\u00f6nigreich b\u00f6hmen or the kingdom of bohemia in english existed way longer and they used to be the most powerful part of the hre . 
  another term that was used after czechoslovakia was founded and bohemia ceased to exist was `` tschechei '' , but that is not really used these days anymore , due to nazis . 
  funnily my old tennis coach from the czech republic kept referring to the country as tschechei, 
  with the judges you have the judges checking what politicians do instead of just letting politicians do .
