  germany did n't summon the greek ambassador when there were nazi parodies of merkel . 
  also even if b\u00f6hmermann would be found guilty the punishment would be a fine almost assuredly and no prison , but i personally doubt he would be found guilty , but that is up for the judges to decide . 
  certainly an interesting case, 
   that 's the problem . 
  ee countries suffered a lot during the 20th century `` thanks '' to being dominated in a certain union . 
  and they fought hard and sacrificed a lot to get free from that union . 
  how can you expect them to willingly accept being dominated in another union today i expect nothing i just pointed out what i think the reasons are why there can be no political union . 
   especially if the current union is constantly getting more and more similar to the previous one ? 
  i highly doubt that  foreign politicians who they never voted for ( and ca n't vote for ) by virtue of a political union they would also be able to vote for these politicians . 
   are you surprised that this is unacceptable for easterners ? 
  not at all . 
  i pointed this out, 
  i know but nowhere near the levels fo transfers that went to the former gdr which is what i think is necessary at least to pull eastern europeans up ( obviously more because there are more people ), 
  the thing is western europe would dominate that . 
  there are just was more people in western europe and how to sell to eastern european people giving up their national sovereignty and accept western dominance . 
  another issue i see is that i do not see how you are supposed to convince people that they are somehow obliged to pay to get some eastern european state up to parity to western europe . 
  uhm how is that not already covered in the uk criminal code ? 
  why do we need a new law for soemthing already covered, 
  when eastern europe accepts that there wo n't be a fiscal union without a political union, 
  when there is a political union which considering countries like poland or the uk seems extremly unlikely any time soon . 
  would n't it make more sense to attribute that to bismarck though making prussia into a superpower ? 
   possibly the `` victim culture '' which is present in the us and in the uk could be imported into europe , contrary to the victim culture present in much of poland and eastern europe ? 
  i highly doubt that the eastern european states could muster a defensive force to deter a russian invasion if they wanted to do so . 
  now can you explain to me how does one defend against nuclear weapons when you are not allowed to build your own nukes to threaten outside of diplomacy ? 
  closing our eyes does n't make problems go away, 
  note that more than 1/3d of that definiton of the european continent is russia, 
  no i meaant germany as an example of a working political union between a lot of smaller countries , but even that was only really possibe due to prussia achieving hegemony over most german lands . 
  i just do n't think that the idea of a political union is completely unviable considering that it already worked very well for germany . 
  yes that is the problem and why this is only a theoretical concept . 
  a political union based around france and germany is something i could see though, 
  absolutely . 
  actually germany being so big seems like one of the big problems in forming these kinds of unions . 
  you basically need another big country in . 
  in theory you could also create a concept where the uk would take the role of france but that seems really far fetched, 
  i could see a union with france , but i think the differences there are actually bigger, 
  a union with countries like the netherlands , austria and the scandinavian countries sounds like an excellent idea though, 
  uhm as far as i know democracy requires majority and not unanimity . 
  it could also be like the 1980s, 
  it means that it could be a lot worse and i do n't see general rampant america hatred in germany . 
  they used to be though, 
  yes but it is extremely positive if you compare it to the states formerly occupied by the soviet unions relation to russia . 
  the german public had quite a lot of anti american notion aswell because america was literally occupying germany for a long time and stationing nuclear weapons on our soil . 
  there used to be several monarchies in germany , but stopped being monarchies after ww1, 
  uhm lindt is swiss, 
  the us and germany are friendly nations . 
  allied not only in the sense of a military alliance againt a common foe , but also allies outside of that . 
  no they are not . 
  they are allies against russia/the soviet union , but they are more or less hostile outside of that . 
  sometimes more sometimes less, 
  he did n't say necessarily small he said according to our needs and for greece they are/feel threatened by turkey, 
  the us is spending significantly more on healthcare than european countries ( per capita ) . 
  also you need significantly less military if your goal is n't to project power across the whole world, 
  these puns do n't work in german or danish . 
  the words for mine and mein are just pronounced differently, 
   in a scene , a danish captain and english officers are seen peeing on pow 's . 
  even the historians that criticises the allied post-war actions the most agree that that no such thing would ever happen . 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
   no such thing ever happened seems harsh . 
  it would really not suprise me if this happened with individual soldiers . 
  could you explain to me how one is supposed to eliminate relative poverty ? 
  and was anybody forced to enter this union ? 
  would you prefer if those jobs for czech workers did n't exist and german companies were making smaller profits ? 
  and 22 billion is n't that much , you also have to take in account that germany is one of the state least impacted economically in general . 
  also can you tell me how one is supposed to export unemployment ? 
  also how is it germany 's fault being more competitive than other european states ? 
  is n't being more competitive a good thing ? 
  so then why is germany critized so much and not the half a dozen countries with `` excessive imbalances '' . 
  also on that scale every country is imbalanced and not just germany, 
  uhm and how do you do that ? 
  it is not like the german state has control over that money, 
  why is an external trade surplus so bad for that ? 
  i could see how unbalanced trade within the union is a problem , but where is the problem with having unbalanced trade with the outside ? 
  which part of the maastricht rules dictate balanced trade outside of eu, 
  uhm where does the eu say you need to have a trade balance overall ? 
  as far as i know it only requires balanced trade within the eu and the german trade there is balanced, 
  that 's not exactly news, 
  maybe he 'd find a job as a comedian ? 
  you know that the far left is mostly irrelevant in most all of europes states ( greece would be one exceptions ) . 
  keep in mind merkel and the cdu are a centre-right party . 
  imagine if we had a candidate like trump in germany . 
  imagine what would happen if people started with #machtdeutschlandwiedergro\u00df ( make germany great again ) . 
  imagine if german politicians were calling for all muslims to be expelled . 
  also what is right or left is not the same in all countries . 
  see someone like trump would be seen as npd right , while most of the democrats are more centre right on the german political spectrum at least in my view, 
  salaries and pensions are expensive , but also what is really threatening germany that a military reaction could help ? 
  you know that the claim that she was disgraced by the flag there is completely made up, 
  of course it measns something . 
  it is billions of euros that germany spends more than poland . 
  also again the threat thes days just is not nearly as big and what is the point of having an even larger military ? 
  as far as i know there is no binding rule that you have to spend 2 % of your gdp which as far as i know only very little countries in nato do . 
  that said when the threat was way higher during the cold war germany spent more than 2 % of its gdp, 
  yes , i just hate notion that we spend too little on military when there are only 8 countries in the world that spend more on military than germany, 
  and germany spends more than four times what poland spends on military ... 
  and how many of these know these languages sufficiently to live in these countries ? 
  that does not even make sense . 
  where do you see reports of ukranian people applying for asylum declined ? 
  also you may not like it , but the situation in ukraine is still better than in syria . 
  for example there are large swaths of ukraine that are not at war, 
  yes , that is why there have been put sanctions in place . 
  you are right though that nobody wants direct war with russia over a country that is not an eu nor a nato member .
