  those local dialects were not necessarily mutually inteligible . 
  also the german states existed independently for hundreds of years for the most part . 
  i do n't quite now which definition of nation they would not meet . 
  also if you asked people 150 years ago if they primarily identified as bavarians or germans almost everyone would have said `` as bavarian '' . 
  there is the quote of the prussian king from the night before he would be crowned german emperor that goes `` tommorow will be the saddest day in my life . 
  we will bury the prussian monarchy '', 
  how is germany not a multinational state ? 
  the states might not have been ethnically different , but for most of history the states that are part of current germany were independent, 
  germany and austria are also federal nations . 
  i would also love to hear the reactions from the us and russia if such a movement gainned traction . 
  especially because it would violate the austrian state treaty of 1955 . 
  well technically the neutrality of austria is probably already broken . 
  i doubt peopl really see austria as neutral anymore . 
  why do you as an italian say that south tyrol belongs with italy and not with austria ? 
  it would most likely contain outrage against the party that would conduct it, 
  the swiss are the swiss . 
  they just do their own thing . 
  and yes what that austrian guy told you is right . 
  this is what in the past was called the german dualism the conflict of the two big german states in prussia and austria . 
  it actually is interesting that if you draw up the regions of german dialects you get a map that does n't even show the austro-german border . 
  in austria most people speak a bavarian dialect . 
  when germany was forming there was the austro-prussian war or german unification war in which the prussian led alliance won so we ended up with this concept of germany and berlin as the german capital . 
  then after ww1 when the austro-hungarian empire dissolved and the republic of german-austria formed ( that term was already used before for the german parts of austria ) . 
  there were intentions from the austrian side to be incorporated into germany , but the treaty of st germain forced austria to stop any such plans and rename from german-austria to austria . 
  but that was almost 100 years ago ... 
  yes, 
   they 're part of the same political union , have similar economies , no physical borders , same currency , people could from one country could easily move to the other one etc. 
  is n't that also an arguement to what 's the point of having two different countries ? 
  we play nice now !, 
  and this time the allies wo n't smite it down ( like they did after ww1 ) !, 
  honestly at times it just is pretty weird . 
  if i cross the border towards austria it feels more like the same country than if i go to hamburg for example . 
  it is a mountain range in the area of armenia , azerbaijan , russia and georgia . 
  well that was one of the things that was decided after ww2 that there would be foreign military bases on german soil . 
  keep in mind that the allies only granted germany full independence in the 2 +4 treaty ( which also cut the military strength of the bundeswehr and limited it to 370k soldiers ) . 
  also that was around 100 miles from the inner german border . 
  there was a very real threat . 
  do n't forget there were hundreds of thousands soviet soldiers in the gdr aswell . 
  there were protests against nato and agaisnt militarization in germany aswell . 
  you can look at 68 and the protests against the stationing of the nato double track decision . 
  the thing is the threat of soviet invasion was looming and you need military to defend that . 
  the bundeswehr had around triple the number of soldiers in 1985 than it has today ( 495k vs 177k ) . 
  no but there were also just vast numbers of american troops in germany . 
  near the town i grew up was an american base with 10 000 soldiers, 
  it was a small local news story , that was also published yesterday . 
  you could certainly find it in the local munich papers . 
  the worst case if russia were to collapse would probably military hardliners getting into power and attacking nato . 
  what for example could happen if the rebels in the donbass got hold of nuclear weapons ? 
  or its neighbors would be attacked , possibly with nuclear weapons . 
  it is fucking risky for a state like russia to collapse and not only for russia but for the entire world . 
  a dozen weak instable countries with nukes is not exactly what i 'd want . 
  this creates more chaoes than one strong country even if they look at us as an enemy . 
  as long as russia is strong it wo n't use nuclear weapons it wo n't need to . 
  no of course not , but moscow or st. petersburg are still in europe ... 
  i 'd be curious what the numbers would be for germany and austria , but nobody is willing to ask that question i would guess, 
  yes , the issue is when the bigger countries get upset at a big power forming . 
  look at what happened when the german empire formed, 
  there is a big difference between not functional and not `` fully combat ready '', 
  how would a war against russia require an army deployed outside of europe ? 
  yeah the collapse of the eastern bloc could have very easily ended in ww3 . 
  i think people tend to forget that . 
  especially the situation in germany i think was critical . 
  what could have happened if instead of allowing people to tear down the wall the su would have sent tanks to shut down the uprising ? 
  to be fair 2.7 billion dollars is also a lot more to the eastern european countries than ti is to the us ( or even to germany ), 
  well the largest chunk of american troops already has withdrawn from germany and there are still more american soldiers stationed in germany than in the rest of europe combined, 
  the german military is n't that small . 
  it certainly is smaller than 30 years ago but that is very sensible . 
  for reference germany is spending more on military than the entire gdp of cyprus . 
  and why would we need to fight an extended war overseas ? 
  who is going to attack in canada ? 
  if war is fought in europe it will be fought against russia most likely and that is very much not overseas . 
  i do n't think they could be the second third and fourth strongest militaries . 
  i do n't think the russian and chinese militaries could pale that easily . 
  that said i am fairly certain that if necessary germany could build a very strong military in very short time . 
  no nuclear power today has fought a war against other nuclear powers directly tho . 
  also i do n't see how russia could get to germany without using nuclear weapons, 
  the near collapse of the su could have also ended in war, 
  there is probably little that is less scary for european security than a collapse of russia or more what could come before the collapse . 
  is germany part of ukraine ? 
  is ukraine in nato ? 
  also germany still has almost 180k soldiers . 
  yes the world is not a nice place , but if an attack comes through it will be with nuclear weapons and a big army does n't do much about that and even still germany is still spending as much as the gdp of latvia on military and the level of threat quite frankyl is just an awful lot lower than 30 years ago . 
  honestly what is the point of spending more on military than the entire gdp of croatia ? 
  i know and i 'd liket hat more but that would require the eu to have actual power . 
  also you get the problem that for example if you say every 500k people you get a seat that would mean there are 11 seats for denmark 22 for the czech republic , but 129 for the uk , 162 for germany and 133 for france . 
  it is just more than half of the eu living in germany , france , the uk or italy . 
  but you wo n't find countries ceding power to the eu . 
  if votes from everywhere count equally the german or french voter bloc is also massively more powerful than for example the czech one . 
  you also have the problem that a transfer union between countries that are not in reasonably equal economic situations wo n't work . 
  german reunification cost somewhere between 1.3 and 2 trillion euro and that was just for one country incorporated into germany . 
  if anything i could see a reasonable federation somewhere with germany , france , the benelux and austria for example . 
  it is already hard enough to predict how europe will look in 5 or 10 years much less how it will be in 200 years, 
  there still is the problem that a lot of people get pensions , but did n't pay in that long in east germany aswell . 
  the reunification still is the most expensive achievement in germany at somewhere between 1.3 and 2.0 trillion euro, 
  if france leaves the union the union will break up . 
  i think the eu could survive a brexit , but not france leaving . 
  that would require the union to actually have power . 
  also how do you think the uk would react if the rest of the union would force the british prime miniter out of office ? 
  germany was one pushing for a more middleground position , pushing for a solution where greece could remain in the eurozone . 
  a lot of the northern and eastern states demanded significantly tougher conditions,
