  militarily ? 
  if poland tries to acquire nukes we 'd be right fully blaming them if the russians reacted ... 
  are you seriously saying that the burqa is comparable to the nazis ? 
  sorry , but just no . 
  the barrier to pass religiously discriminating legislation is high and that is good . 
  why do n't we put a moon with an m and stamp it into passports of muslims ? 
  because that is the direction you take with these kind of laws, 
  that can very easily lead down a very dark path though . 
  the point is lighting the house on fire is not an appropriate response to there being a spider in it ( and i know that this is exageration too ), 
  so we fight radicals by becoming radicals ourself ? 
  the fallacy is to think of these extreists as a trornado though . 
  they are not a force of nature . 
  they are a small group of humanswithout evne their own states . 
  they ca n't ravage our homes if we dont let them . 
  the us constitution does not apply over here . 
  you can go out completely covering your face at least in gerrmany . 
  a motorbike helm for example does that . 
  i think it is also kind of obvious what reasons there are that you ca n't go out wearing a nazi uniform or impersonate a police officer . 
  how is not allowing radicals to change our laws giving in to radicals ? 
  i kinda want head covering clothes when it rains, 
  / r/de technically is not a national sub but rather for the german language area , which admittedlly is primarily germany but also austria and parts of switzerland, 
  no and i do n't know if i have to repeat this to everyone that replies , i do support banning face covering attire at school . 
  you can in fact wear a swim suit at a public place . 
  you can wear a swimsuit strolling through town . 
  right and as i said i support banning full face covering attire in schools as as far as i am aware is already the case . 
  that said in general i think the state should not dictate the dress code for its people, 
  but then you should be taling about banning face coverning attire in general and not just for burqas/niquabs . 
  as i said i also fully agree with banning it in schools . 
  in general i do not think the state should dictate what kind of clothes people wear . 
  should it be the state 's decision what they are allowed to wear though ? 
  see i do n't understand it either and i can fully understand banning face covering attire in schools or other places , but generally i think it should be for each to decide themselves what they want to wear . 
  geography , history , culture . 
  also while russia spans vast areas the majority of people live in the small european part . 
  most all of the big and important cities are in the european part . 
  germany is n't even 4 % of europe, 
  1/3 of europe is in russia ... 
  uk , russia , germany , france and italy are 5, 
  causing a mass panic can also very easily get very dangerous, 
  but in eastern europe you have inferior slavs ... / s, 
  you 're delusional if you really do believe this . 
  the uk and germany also sent roughly 200 athletes more than the us ( 788 vs 555 ) and that still gets barely behind the us . 
  france is another 400 athletes , which would make the combined team more than double the size of the us team, 
  germany sent 422 athletes . 
  estonia sent 45 . 
  germany won 42 medals estonia won 1 medal . 
  also would n't population density be more important than population number to make sport infrastructure easier to sustain ? 
  i mean yeah , but we also sent way more athletes . 
  and none of these problems are really connected to burkinis in my oppinion . 
  if anything this measure might want rich arab tourists not to come and they do n't have to integrate here regardless, 
  not really . 
  christian there has a historical reason as it was started as a party for both protestants and catholics unlike the zentrumspartei before it which was a catholic party . 
  well we literally have one in ukraine ... 
  i guess that does n't have to do anything with religion and is instigated from outside , but it still is a civil war . 
  she is a very moderate leader and not really outspoken most of the time . 
  she does a pretty good job leading our country though . 
  the majority of turks does not want burkinis and that is a thing speaking against eu membership ? 
  it is not that easy to just fire people as far as i know and it just is expected to do an apprenticeship or go to university, 
  there is no degree in cashiering . 
  what they want is a completed apprenticeship which is the normal way to get into this kind of job . 
  it 's a pretty great one though . 
  i also know that it is at least a thing in austria and switzerland and as far as i am aware in denmark too, 
   while countries in europe 's core fare better , their challenges are similar : joblessness among young germans or dutch also exceeds the average rate for the entire working population . 
  i do n't know for the netherlands , but if you are not employed or in education at that age here in germany your parents can either afford it or you are just really problematic or think jobs are beneath you . 
  also it is only eurostat that shows a higher youth unemployment than general unemployment . 
  the numbers from the german bundesagentur f\u00fcr arbeit actually show a lower youth unemployment than general unemployment ( 5.9 % vs 6.4 % ) . 
  also as always the large regional discrepancy with 9.4 % youth unemployment in east germany while you have 3 % and 3,2 % in bw and bavaria . 
  because families these days can afford that a lot more easily than say 50 years ago ? 
  in germany i would say a good majority . 
  you hear year after year about companies being unable to fill apprenticeships spots, 
  what kind of entry would someone have in the swedish job market ? 
  ca n't you do like an apprenticeship ? 
  but usually not on very core things and things that are so drastically opposed . 
  ttip for example has not passed it is not even fully negotiated yet . 
  yes the german military lacks power projection capabilities . 
  that 's because it is enshrined in our constitution as a purely defensive army . 
  the german army has n't been set up to project power since ww2, 
  yes because greece has turkey on its border as a threat . 
  germany does not have a direct threat like this . 
  also do you say that the german government decide to jump the military budget in an unprecedented way against the will of the german people ? 
  and yes of course deterrence of war against germany is provided by france , the us and the uk simply because germany would have to bow to any nuclear threat otherwise . 
  germany is not a nuclear power under the npt . 
  we literally can not provide deterrence on ourselves . 
  the biggest point stands though that it would go against the will of the german people . 
  and all in all : what is the point of massively hiking german military budget ? 
  if anything germany was allowed to develop into one of the most advanced economies in the world in the decades following ww2 . 
  by the reunification west germany already was an economic powerhouse . 
  already in 1970 the west german economy was significantly larger than the british economy . 
  also a lot of the issues with the german military is that a pretty large part of the public just does not want to increase german military engagement or the military at all . 
  it is pretty hard to do much in this regard against the will of the people . 
  germany is also not relying on poorer countries if shit hits the fan unless you want to count france or the uk as poorer than germany ( which i do not personally ) . 
  2 % of the greek gdp just still buy significantly less equipment than 1.3 % of the german gdp . 
  i also do not get why people are so hung up on this 2 % guideline for germany . 
  there are a lot of nato countries that do n't fulfill this and yet it is always germany that is attacked . 
  the whole 2 % also is not binding at all . 
  it is not part of the nato commitments of any country . 
  it is a rough guideline . 
   your english comprehension skills need an upgrade hey at least that got a chuckle out of me . 
  the whole point of nato was to secure western europe so it does n't fall into the sphere of influence of the soviet union . 
  it was to bind these countries to the us . 
  this has nothing really to do with the rest of my points which were honestly the more critical part ( in my oppinion ) about the german military .
