  if you make russia desperate it just increases the risk of them firing off nukes which is why the whole relations are so complicated . 
  conventional rules of power just do n't really work when both parties can release armageddon . 
  also russia is a big trading partner still and is still very relevant especially for energy . 
  for comparison in terms of exports poland is the country with the 8th biggest volume of exports for germany and the 6th biggest one for imports , russia is the 13th biggest one in terms of exports and the 10th biggest one in terms of imports . 
  edit : russia is also interestingly the country germany has the third biggest trade deficit to ( after norway and the netherlands ), 
  if the cold war would have turned into thermonuclear war germany and poland probably would have been among the first countries to turn into a wasteland because these are the countries that would have been the battle ground ( maybe not poland , maybe france , but there would have been battles in germany even if it would have been a war without using nuclear weapons ) . 
  see if every threat would have been executed on the world would have been a nuclear wasteland already . 
  i also do n't expect to russia to behave so extremely irrational that it could end in a nuclear war , but i also hope that western leaders do n't let it come to that . 
  well i would guess in the us the guy also would n't have had a machete but rather a gun, 
  yeah and these red clouds are all over germany also the russians put out t heeir threats all the time , but overall it 's all just talk . 
  i think it would be a good idea for finalnd and sweden to join nato tho, 
  if there are nukes dropped over poland chances are very high that there wiill be also be nukes over germany ... also what are these red blobs ? 
  they look a lot like explosions on your map and these are all over germany . 
  no i think that if shit hits the fan and nukes get unleashed germany is fucked too , but i ca n't do any thing to change that . 
  also 30 years ago the risk for that was just way way bigger . 
  actually i am not sure what would happen if something were to happen in finland or sweden as these are not nato states , but if shit hits the fan in poland we are all in this together . 
  if nukes fall on warsaw , nukes will also fall on munich and i am fucked . 
  uhm i see lots of explosions marked all over germany on this map ( if i read the map somewhat right ) . 
  there is even one right where i live . 
  i think people know taht there are russian nukes pointed at germany , but whatever it at least feels like the threats that these nukes are firingg are just way lower these days . 
  also there may be nukes in germany , but these are also all foreign controlled, 
  oh of course germany is in range of all sorts of nuclear weapons from russia . 
  i mean germany was at the frontline of the cold war for 50 years there surely are nukes pointed at us . 
  oh yeah the cars here in germany stop orderly aswell when the light turns red, 
  hm in germany there are no queus . 
  you just go to a light and wait for it to turn green then you walk over . 
  no matter if there is no car coming you wait until the light is green !, 
  i somehow feel 12 pm on the dot is not an engilsh expression . 
  it just sounds so super denglisch, 
  i come from unterfranken and that defintiely is a thing here, 
  ask mr. putin . 
  i heard they had an exercise where they dropped of some nukes at warsaw, 
  the numbers in turkey are exceeding 2 million refugees in the country, 
  really they only fare worse on the insa polls . 
  yeah but this was under the presumption that merkel is not an option, 
  i would not consider sch\u00e4uble to be a particularly bad choice for chancellor . 
  he would probably be my favourite, 
  i think if merkel would say she wont run in 2017 wed elect sch\u00e4uble, 
  oh ok i figured you might mean me because i repeat my positions quite often aswell, 
  yes but so far it was very difficult to deport proplr back, 
  the thing is if you combine all those states they have a population of barely more than just germany and austria combined . 
  the system is already set up to give smaller countries more votes per citizens . 
  germany and france combined just happen to have 1/3 of the citziens of the eu, 
  well at its core the eu is still pretty big a german-french project . 
  they will generally just s tand together . 
  then there are countries like austria , italy or the benelux states that on most positions regarding the eu just stand behind germany and france . 
  also the uk especially really does n't seem to be even willing to be invested in the eu . 
  they seem to be more talking about how they have to do the least in the union and not how they can take influence there . 
  the uk and poland can of course try to rally their allies behind them and go for different policies . 
  currently it is looking extremely unlikely that she will be elected out of power . 
  there is no reasonable candidate to stand against her and no real coalition that would n't have her as chancellor, 
  well that may be the case . 
  the international media also certainly played a big role in spinning the message to something that was substantially different from what was actually said, 
  what ? 
  that has been her position since even before hte whole crisis started . 
  do you remember that crying kid when she told her that germany ca n't take in everybody ? 
  have you actually listened to/read what merkel said ? 
  well at least i feel this does n't come up as often . 
  i think i have n't seen a thread on immigration here tho without somebody bringing up that the flow of refugees was only triggered by merkel, 
  you know that this is pointed at those that applied for asylum but got declined ? 
  do you think it is wrong to send these people back ? 
   she said we would suspent dublin ii for syrian refugees already in the eu . 
  that was also not what was said . 
  what was suspended were the deportations under the dublin rules something which is very much within the dublin rules, 
  somehow i feel some people just really stubbornly want to misinterpret that statement, 
  the council president has no actual power, 
  yeah , the word still exists but only in compound words . 
  if you call a political leader f\u00fchrer everyone knows who you mean, 
  how should the open border system survive without a proper distribution ? 
  currently everyone is just streaming towards germany and sweden and that is not sustainable, 
  being elected in free elections does not necessarily mean democratic tho . 
  so denmark is having significant more delegates per population than germany . 
  germany has 7.5 times the number of delegates but more than 14 times the population of denmark, 
  well right now the afghan president just happens to be visiting germany . 
  also people whose claim to asylum get denied have to go home that has always been the policy, 
  for example by talking to the afghan president on his visit to germany right now, 
  because the 800k that were predicted before merkel said something were n't there ? 
  this was literally at the metting between merkel and the ~ ~ iraquian ~ ~ afghan president, 
  well people from kosovo and albania come to apply for asylumfairly often ( it is just not that far ) . 
  currently in germany at least there is a  99 % rate of disaproval, 
  i would guess that a lot of people that couldqualify as heroes in germany are unsung, 
  and why would the ard/ndr have a reason to do that ? 
  1 ) austria ( well does that even really qualify as other than yours ? ), 
  2 ) france kind of the love-hate thing with france and the french 3 ) switzerland pretty chill place and they have a very funny accent, 
  there are exactly 5 states that spend 2 % or more of their gdp for military in nato : usa , greece , poland , uk and estonia . 
  also what military threat is there that ca n't be handled with a reduced military ? 
  it 's not like the soviets could come anymore, 
  10 points to gryffindor !, 
  probably for him things like public health insurance or free universities are the works of a communist devil, 
  to be fair it was also utterly unrealistic for germany to provide security on its own during that time . 
  you know there are no tuitions to go to university in germany ? 
  that basic tuition has n't been in efffect for two years . 
  i do n't exactly no when it got abolished tho . 
  if germany listened more to its citizens the military would get way less funding . 
  people here really are n't fond of it and/or just do n't care about it . 
  the threat of a foreign invasion is just about zero and there is no longer cold war . 
  that depends how far you look back . 
  the german defence budget only really shrank in 1990 when the cold war ended when the existential threat to germany ended for the most part . 
  the highest points were in 1960 when about a quarter of the german federal budget went into military ( comparably currently 17 % of the us federal budget are in military ) . 
  also a lot of nato military bases where in germany simply because that was one of the most likely places that the conflict could have escalated .
