  i said exactly that it gives you an advantage . 
  people that come from a country that is classified as safe can be denied their claim to asylum a lot easier . 
  that 's for example why the law that made albania a safe country was passed today , to make it easier to deny albanian asylum applicants . 
  on what do you want a source ? 
  that asylum seekers only get approved once they passed the application process ? 
  or that safe countries mean that the applications can be fasttracked ? 
  no it is not . 
  applicants do n't get approved because they are from an unsafe country , but because the process found them to be eligible . 
  a safe country means just that the process can be fasstracked, 
  yeah but if they are citizens of these countries then these countries have to worry about it, 
  it is a fairly small number . 
  the issue i ran into that the bamf ( the german office for immigration and refugees ) only lists the 10 biggest countries of origin and turkey is not within these 10 countries . 
  it also certainly is not a high number , but still that even from a fairly small number of applicants 20 % get accepted is concerning if you want to consider labeling a country safe . 
  yes turkey is a safe country compared to syria . 
  turkey is not a safe country compared to the netherlands for example . 
  also turkey is not a country that has a ton of applicants applying in germany , just a pretty high approval rate . 
  for example albanians form the second largest group of applicants but they have a less than 1 % approval rate . 
  i would guess the brunt of turks that get asylum in germany are those that face political prosecution for example because they are a journalist critizing mr. erdogan . 
  it is also not a high number in absolute numbers . 
  also i would guess that germany is a preferred destination for turkish asylum seeker because germany has a large turkish community ( there live about 3 million people of turkish descent in germany ), 
  yes they will have every right to work if they find a job which may prove to be hard and germany wo n't pay any benefits, 
  it still is not at the level it was during the greek crisis tho where some fairly big parts of the cdu ( merkel 's party ) wanted to not pass a third bailout for greece . 
  yes and that kinda sucks , but these are the necessary steps . 
  so we label a country from which 20 % of those that apply for asylum in germany get accepted for it and label it as safe ? 
  see i can see why it might be politically necessary , but still i would not call turkey a generally safe country . 
  also i really do n't like how much political leverage mr. erdogan is getting, 
  honestly i think it is quite a farce to label a country as a safe country when still 20 % of the asylum applications from that country are accepted ( this is only for germany ) . 
  labelling turkey as safe is at least questionable especially considering the current political situation . 
   personally , i see that as a de facto invitation . 
  does it invite people ? 
  does it mean that any syrian that can get to germany can stay in europe ? 
  yes . 
  the thing is this was a fact even before that statement . 
  the german supreme court overruled the deportations to countries like hungary or greece because the situation in the camps were untenable . 
   germany 's unilateral action , whether an invitation or not , massively increased the burden , creating a crisis that needed a resettlement program . 
  can you show me the statistics how the refugee numbers signficantly rose because of that statement ? 
  also we cant even have seen any repercussions simply because there will be several weeks to month in delay before the impact . 
  also the suspension of dublin ii officially was made to lessen the burden on countries like hungary and what you get for that is simply funneling all refugeees to germany with hungary and greece trying to avoid their responsibility . 
  of course this is just my oppinion tho . 
  they are loans , but the interest rates on them is a gift . 
  also it was greece that took the loans with the banks out and nobody forced them to do so . 
  you should n't blame greeces fiscal unresponsibilities on the very countries that kept their economy from fully collapsing, 
  well if you grant them citizenship there is no way for them to get any benefits or qualify as refugees in germany . 
  giving them citizenship rather binds them to your country, 
  uhm freedom of movement is very much detached from schengen, 
  the greeks also didnt want to leave the ez , but you simply could n't have both, 
  yeah because not applying dublin ii to send applicants back to greece fucks greece ? 
  because bailing out greece repeatedly fucked greece aswell ? 
  nobody forced you to accept the bailouts !, 
  yeah but she is also not elected outside of germany but rather in germany, 
  in germany . 
  i mean we do n't do approval rates of the irish leaders here either . 
  i honestly do n't even know who that is, 
  it is just a very politically charged oppinion . 
  see i think austria is not any less close to germany than east germany was , but well that is just my viewpoint and frankly it is not on me or my country to decide . 
  if austria wanted to join i would fulyl support that , but that simply wo n't happen . 
  also there are no borders anyways , so it does not matter that much for strictly practical purposes , tho these days driving to salzburg is quite the choire , taking like double what it used to take ( from munich ) . 
  buddy of mine was waiting 2h at the border, 
  i would guess it is not that easy to just move to a foreign country when they have ties to their home . 
  also a lot of them probably `` only '' speak english as their secondary language, 
  yes that should not be tolerated , but keep in mind that you can pick out entitled assholes just as you can pick out only mothers with little kids . 
  the vast majority is probably somewhere in between, 
  yeah i read up on that recently , but understandably it died down with the nazis coming to power . 
  it just sometimes feels kinda arbitrary that the only traditionally german state not in germany is austria ( by traditionally i mean part of the former holy roman empire and culturally ) although i know the historic reasons for that . 
  the only way something like this could happen if there were a political movement in austria for it . 
  i would sure support it if austria wanted to join , but well that is not my decision, 
  soon it will be 100 years !, 
  honestly i do n't feel foreign in austria either . 
  austria is not any less german than bavaria in my oppinion , but well that wo n't happen anymore thanks to the nazis . 
  there actually was a movement post world war 1 in austria to create one state together with germany before the nazis came to power but the allies stifled that . 
  oh sure the german people have existed for centuries , but it also has been very fluid throughout the centuries . 
  they are on average more educated than other refugees but that does n't necessarily mean they are educated comparable to the average western society . 
  still there is the european charta of human rights and the corresponding national laws that simply prohibit sending everyone back especially to where they face imminent danger to die . 
  there is also still the refugee convention of 1951 . 
  what you just propsed violates several of these articles . 
  also how do you force people to fight in a civil war where there are no clear sides ? 
  also you seem to forget that the majority of the casualties still goes out from assad . 
  also the arguments that the refugees have smartphones is just dumb . 
  it is just one of the most vital devices for them to have . 
  if you were to flee would you not take your smartphone with you ? 
  well there might have been another leader . 
  it is not like the issues in germany started because of hitler . 
  it basically already started in ww1 . 
  one could argue that if there had been no ww1 there would have been no ww2, 
  it really feels like dutch is somewhere between german and english, 
  it is quite undeniable that the purity of the german race has quite an association to nazism because that was at the core of their ideology . 
  so by your definition then austria is german ? 
  it is the same ethnicity and language after all . 
  also it is not like germany has a long coherent history as a nation . 
  germany only exists since 1871 . 
  most of german history has been rather loose different countries . 
  what definies germany is the borders that were drawn after world war 2, 
  merkel has one of the highest if not the highest approval rate of european leaders, 
  well when approval rate dropping to 54 % is a big plummet ... 
  i am really wondering how many eu leaders currently have a higher approval rating, 
  also last time i checked to be elected in office you only need half the votes ... 
  have you listened to pegida ? 
  have you read their banners ? 
  calling people nazis that behave like nazis is fine in my oppinion . 
  also you can find a lot of editorials that heavily critize merkel .
