  a lot of people seem to not count germany towards central europe though . 
  well also in oceania . 
  but that makes it more than three continental . 
  absolutely that is as stupid as saying only part of poland is central europe . 
  my point really is though that central europe includes germany and does not include say bulgaria or belarus . 
  central europe is not just a new term for eastern europe, 
  look at the history of the term section, 
  because central eurooe as a concept comes from a time where there was no poland . 
  centrral europ genrally was considered the german empire and austria-hungary . 
  that does not include all of poland today . 
  actually i think more than half of todays poland was german controlled back then though . 
  i havent done the exact math . 
  we could also call only half of poland eastern europe and half central europe, 
  i dont think germany , austria or switzerland are that distrusting of the west in general, 
  so you think it is . 
  major issue that i buy different nutella than a french guy , because people eat different bread in germany and france ? 
  well this was explicitly not bound by party lines and just by their own conscience . 
  the vote was not done by name so we dont know . 
  in theory someone from the spd or opposition could have abstained . 
  it is fairly easy actually . 
  you get two votes . 
  one for a local mp for local representation and one for a party . 
  half the mps are taken from local mps and half from the parties lists according to the second vote . 
  if that somehow leads to a parliament would have more seats than votes this is counterbalanced with additional seats to ensure proportionality, 
  phoenix is not following a political agenda . 
  they ask uncomfortable people questions to everybody, 
  the awesome thing about phoenix is that they also step on everyones feet like this, 
  murnau is pretty close to the alps , in the very south of bavaria . 
  in fact a lot of severe skiing accidents are flown out to murnau as they have an excellent hospital for that . 
  i would honestly be suprised if the rate of unfilled positions in bavaria was not on the same level or lower as in the czech republic . 
  there are posts everywhere that companies are looking to hire , but there simply are no people . 
  uhm charlemagne definitely was a german emperor . 
  frankish if you want but definitely not french . 
  they could be , but what would the point of that be ? 
  the us has the sherman antitrust act and that was used to break up standard oil . 
  google has a market share of 95 % . 
  that is an absolutely dominating market position . 
  maybe . 
  if there ever was a situation where aldi was that dominant hten maybe . 
  right now the 10 largest groups of supermarkets combined in germany do not have a market share of the supermarket market as high as google with search engines . 
  as in a german nation state ? 
  then yes . 
  before being german just meant speaking german, 
  if you shoot down an icbm or destroy them in their bunkers they wont just detonate, 
  well there are signs put up by companies o\u00fclooking to hire all over the place here . 
  that does not swem optimal either, 
  would you not think that winning world war 2 was worth millions of lifes that were sacrificed ? 
  the thing is the same thing happened in russia . 
  lots of high ranking officials had ties to the communist party or the kgb, 
  how do you think the russian state could have bewn buikt after the fall of the soviet union if everyone with ties to communists gets ousted ? 
  austria was also german dominated . 
  the iddea that austrians are somehow not germans is a very modern one, 
  that is dialect only . 
  kerngeh\u00e4use is actually the proper name for that thing . 
  and still it is the spd that is attacking these reforms . 
  you also should not forget that both union and fdp were also in favour of the reforms . 
  schr\u00f6der just was in power, 
  germany can change its government , just that people are also free to vote for the same parties . 
  nothing keeps germany from changing government outside o the voters, 
  well that has been the proposed solution by everyone against quotas . 
  `` just let the others do it '' . 
  we also need a system to properly scan people coming in but we ca n't have such a system if there is no plan on what to do with those that get their asylum approved/highly likely approved, 
  you have to distribute refugees within europe somehow and if you do not have a system for redistribution there is no way you can build centers for vetting in italy and greece . 
   regardless , you ca n't compare expansion into east eu and importing massive amounts of illegal immigrants . 
  the eu actually had interests into expanding the eu , the eu does n't have any interests i would know of regarding letting in massive amounts of illegals . 
  things going on in calais are one of the examples of that . 
  i mean , you can think whatever you want to , i just ca n't agree with it , sorry . 
  the eu also has an interest in having a handle of refugees in its own territory . 
  well they ca n't have the cake and eat it, 
  if you get merkel and macron pursuing a shared line you will more than likely see them able to rally at least the founding states of the eu aswell as iberia behind them . 
  that already is like 2/3 of the population of the eu . 
  the refugee issue also is the single biggest issue right now that needs to be solved in europe , one project where we have to be in solidarity with greece and italy . 
  also if you looked at polls back in the day you wil also find that western states also did not want the eastern expansion . 
  we saw a massive wave of migrants . 
  it is also just a fact that there are a lot of ee criminals these days over here . 
  rhetorically also the eastern states seem to just not be in favour of deepening the union and always seem quick to blame the eu, 
  poland needs to get that it can not just pick solidarity when it suits poland . 
  it was just a point to make that this `` respect democratic decision '' is pretty stupid and i figured a pole would maybe understand a different situation better where it is about polish national security . 
  if poland wants to be part of the european union it also has to accept the premise of the ever closer union and that of shared responsibilities . 
  if poland is not willing to make these tradeoffs then they are free to leave . 
  poland will not get opt outs like the uk . 
  so germany should just yield dependency and money to poland in your opinion ? 
  what gives that right to poland to demand that ? 
  also going through lithuania is no difference really , it would still require a new pipeline and then we can also just do northstream . 
  also do you really not see how being dependent on ee for gas supply and paying transit fees is not in german interest ? 
  he is rallying western europe . 
  and also if ee is willing to break out of the union because of this they are free to do so . 
  if poland would be under duress from russia through some form of hybrid warfare , would you also say the polish people should just accept the democratic decision of its eu partners that the best response is a stern letter to russia ? 
  so then maybe the v4 should consider leaving the eu if they do not want o be part of it, 
  who is going against that if western europe stands united ? 
  so you think just letting greece and italy deal with the issue is in any way sustainable ? 
  we need a succesor to dublin , whether we like it or not , for dublin evidently failed, 
  well if poland wants something from germany ( stopping northstream2 right now ) it should probably use something to hargain for this . 
  waiving transfer fees would be one thing and would make it look not like this is just about the money . 
  the current gas is also coming mostly through ukranian pipelines , the ones that are not go through belarus , which also is not really a state i want to be dependent on . 
  ukraine also evidently does not need europe bad enough to not fuck with gas or they would not have fucked with gas . 
  ukraine did cut into gas supply for europe , there is pretty much no disputing that . 
  also because germany is in a union with the baltics and poland it should simply do their bidding against its own interest ? 
  yes . 
  it also places significantly higher risk on germany , it makes imports way more expensive , it cost german dozens of billions in bailouts .
