  and if you belive in an idea and want to move home to where you are from i can certainly understand why he wanted to move back, 
  i think most people knew the soviets were bad but at the same time the americans , the french and the brits were certainly not heroes either . 
  the situation was really not as clear cut as they are in retrospect before the wall was built, 
  oh no not at all . 
  it was just something coming from the bottom of my heart because it really pisses me off . 
  the thing is germany has 3000km land border . 
  it is just not practical to fence that all of nor is that really desirable in my oppinion . 
  she also repeatedly stated yesterday that people coming purely for economic reasons will have to be sent home . 
  also nobody ever said anything against properly registering asylants . 
  people spoke out against the way hungary especially treated those people , because it was not according to international law because it violated human rights . 
  the current german government is even passing a bill that allows to keep asylants with low probably of a permission to stay longer in first responsse centers to make it easier to deport these people again . 
  still all those measures are just little pieces of the mosaique of solving this crisis and one part is getting the european union again to cooperate instead of just going for each others gut and also share the responsibility the refugee crisis brought for the european union . 
  another piece is to further the cooperation with turkey even if that means you have to give them things you do n't necessarily want . 
  if there were better conditions for syrian refugees in turkey and lebanon they might not even flee all the way to europe . 
  it means setting up first response centers in the states of entry in europe to more easily distribute refugees across europe , if necessary determining the destination by lottery . 
  also there is obviously solving the syrian conflict , which has to be done through diplomacy , talking to washington , to moscow , to ankara . 
  the thing is most of these are long term projects and this wo n't solve it in the short term but i have yet to see someone proposing a viable short term solution that still respects the human rights granted in europe and the unhcr refugee convention . 
  yeah that is why every distribution quote looks at population and gdp ... 
  it is not like anybody is expecting any country in europe to take in as many refugees as germany . 
  someone that grew up and lived for the majority of her life in eastern europe is eastern european in my oppinion and by common definition the gdr was part of eastern europe, 
  they moved from a country that was controlled by the western allies to a country controlled by the soviets . 
  it was not that clear cut back then . 
  the western allies bombed germany just as the soviet union . 
  also back then there was no wall for example . 
  the situation in the fifties was a lot different than it was near the end of the gdr . 
  also if her father wanted to return to where he is from , probably after being displaced during ww2, 
  and it 's not even one i stole from somewhere, 
  i really feel for the guys running around with russian and american flair now . 
  i would not have expected this level of hate, 
  in what matter ? 
  was there german military intervention causing people to flee from syria ? 
  were there no refugees coming before merkle said that the dublin deportations for syrian refugees would be halted ? 
  also for that matter were the conditions appropriate in hungary to deport people there ? 
  uhm there is article 50 of the lisbon treaties explicitly stating that any eu state is free to withdraw according to its own constitution ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-6-final-provisions/137-article-50.html ) . 
  also of course nobody is forcing you to leave either . 
  i do n't think i overestimate how much it does , in fact i do n't knowhow important it is i just think if you go after raw interests it is not in germanys interest to give money to a country like hungarry and that that money could be spend better . 
  scientologyis not banned in germany they just are not recognized as a religion , but they are free to practice . 
  yeah saying tha germany is not rich compared to other countries is just stupid . 
  the budget of the german government has a spending of 300b euro which is more than the gdp of the majority of eu states, 
  then what is the strategy for those that are alraedy in europe ? 
  nobody denies that you also have to tackle issues like funding camps in turkey and solving the conflict in syria , but what do you do about the people that are here and that will keep coming ? 
  you have to tackle that aswell, 
  oh yeah they are the same to me aswell , i was born after the soviet union dissolved , but i still just wanted to put that right, 
  well but in this union there are decisoins that are made at the level of the union , that is decided democraticaly . 
  you not only share benefits you also share responsibilities in the union and the refugee crisis happens at a european level, 
  no i advocate a solution that splits the burden between the euroean countries in a fair manner depending primarily on gdp and population which inevitably leads to the czech republic for example to take a lot smaller part then germany , but putting the whole burden on just a few countries is not going to work, 
  yeah you could say it although calling it a soviet puppet would be more correct probably . 
  yes , but it pisses me off when people say they want democracy which is clearly not what they want but rather they want the power to do stuff the way they want . 
  also in congress california has 53 representatives whereas alaska has one . 
  that is also what happened but for practical reasons it was basically the gdr that ceased to exist and basically became a part of the fgr, 
  yes there was a vote and a majority decision but on this sub there are just the majority of people against it, 
  i hope you do n't seriously believe merkel caused this crisis . 
  yes i know i did not have romania on the list, 
  well that is what happened basically, 
  well nobody forces these other countires to be in the european union . 
  what i am saying that it is pretty stupid to say that you want more democracy when what you really want is just more power . 
  if we had more democracy this would lead to more german and french influence not less . 
  the system is already built in a way to favour smaller countries, 
  that it psises me off that people always point to democracy , but ignoring that the population of germany is a lot bigger thn for example the population of hungary . 
  if you fully applied democracy germany would have more weitght than the full v4 and the balkans cobined . 
  the european institutions already give the smaler countries more voting power in comparison to population . 
  i just wanted to make a point becaus so many people here always point to ddemocracy ignoring that there are some countries that are just a lot smaller than others in the eu . 
  then germany should just cut all financial aid ffor hungary through the eu and see how long that works for hungary if you want to play the game this way . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  it just wo n't . 
  merkel just reinforced yesterday that she does n't want to engage in a contest who is most unfriendly to refugees so they do n't go there . 
  also how is just deflecting the blow to your supposed friends a good strategy instead of sharing the burden ? 
  i think it is more likely that hungary will just get overruled on that matter . 
  also it is quite hypocritical to criticise traffickers when one of the biggest of these has been the hungarian state itself, 
  nobody forces you to be a part of this union . 
  just leave it is so bad . 
  also keep in mind that it would be ridiculous that a country like germany had the same weight as a country like bulgaria . 
  a country that has not even a tenth of the population of germany and not even 2 % of the gdp of germany, 
  if mr orban wants to contribute billions towards housing and integrating refugees in germany ? 
  so then germany should surely have more power than poland , hungary , slovakia , slovenia , the czech republic , croatia , estonia , latvia and lithuania combined because there live more people in germany compared to all those countries combined ? 
  take some lessons in political history . 
  the fissure between western and astern europe is along the iron curtain basically with the exception of the gdr that basically got annexed and financed by the fdr, 
  well merkel grew up and lived in one of those eastern european countries under the russians aswell for the majority of her life . 
  well then i would like to remind you that germany has a bigger population than poland , the czech republic , slovakia and hungary combined, 
  yes to expand on my point during 1945 and the allied air raids on german cities we would have called people fleeing from those air raids refugees aswell even if they flew over to america . 
  i am talking about the situation of those within germany . 
  that staes like hungary or italy just funnel people to germany is a different problem, 
  so they rather say fuck italy , fuck greece ? 
  the process is not ignored at all . 
  the thing is it takes a long time these days especially because the bamf is so understaffed for this crisis, 
  well there is a ruling and the law will have to obey, 
  yes there are qualifications to receive asylum . 
  i even pointed that out in the first part of my post . 
  i just said there was no qualification to apply for asylum there is a big difference between applying and receiving asylum, 
  also it is really funny how everybody demanded from her to take more clear stance and push for a vision and now she dos that and people hate her for it . 
  i am glad at least someone takes the lead and i hope we can reach a reasonable solution to the entire issue, 
  they may not qualify for asylum , but there is no such thing as a qualification to seek asylum . 
  how do would you determine who is eligible to seek asylum and who is not ? 
  that may very well be true but is totally irrelevant to the statement that you need regular immigration of skilled workers . 
  well they seek asylum . 
  people from the balkans apply for asylum aswell they just get it declined . 
  that is one of the issues why it is so hard to deal with the issue because the asylum system gets clogged also if illegals apply for asylum they are asylum seekers and the vast majority still applies for asylum . 
  also you ca n't sift out people eligible for asylum from those that are not without an asylum process . 
  or what kind of system do you envision ? 
  well it would be only in germany 's interest to leverage its power to get a government like orban 's to cooperate .
