  yes there is more but for the most part it is a business relation at least between russia and germany, 
  germany gets a bit more than a third of its gas from russia with norway and the netherlands providing a bit more than 60 % of the german gas ( numebers from 2012 ; source : http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/energie/article125380438/deutschland-hat-die-groessten-erdgasspeicher-europas.html ) . 
  germany is also looking to decrease the dependance on russian gas ( that was a topic repeatedly during the height of the ukraine crisis ) . 
  and where else would you suggest buying gas instead ? 
  see i am certainly not a fan of the russian government , but still you simply can not deny that they have been very reliable and there is no reason to assume that they want to stop that relation . 
  also if it is apparently so easy then why do n't those smaller countries that have so much of a problem with russian gas simply stop buying it and getting their gas somewhere else to get rid of that russian influence ' ? 
  schr\u00f6der resigned 10 years ago . 
  also germany did critizise moscow , but admittedly the tensions between germany and russia were not that big recently . 
  uhm russia/su historically has been extremely reliable in terms of gas deliveries, 
  well russia is historically a reliable partner in terms of gas and oil . 
  there have never been issues with gas deliveries from russia/su to germany, 
  why do people so often equate the actions of german companies with the actions of the german state ? 
  basf is an independent company, 
  uhm and nobody is using ships . 
  nord stream is a pipeline, 
  you have discussed all the advantages quite well . 
  you just twisted it in a way that not having to pay transit fees or not being impacted that much by eastern european tensions being a bad thing . 
  also keep in mind that the relations between russia and germany are way different than the relations between russia and eastern europe also if the uk was reliant on the political tensions between russia and eastern europe would you not be in favour of getting more independent of the political situation for the uk ? 
  i do n't see how not having to pay transit fees could make gas more expensive . 
  well the polish government declined to be a part of nord stream . 
  the offer to poland and lithuania to build an arm to their countries existed ( and the possibility to do so still exists ) , but that offer got rejected, 
  that seems like a good thing . 
  also do n't forget that there could have been an arm of nord stream to poland , but that got declined by the polish government, 
  i am sorry , i was just on mobile , i should have excluded austria from that list because truly your country does n't belong there . 
  while i think that the communiction between our countries should be better i am glad that austria is taking part in shouldering the burden, 
  those countries were doing that before merkel said anything, 
  well and all those countries just funnel them north, 
  the thing is there are lots of catholics in the world . 
  while the pope doesnt command an army he can very well influence a lot of people, 
  a lot of those people were fleein anyways because thereis in fact a fucking civil war going on in syria . 
  well that 's what happens if verayone just puts the burden on a handful countries, 
  well but europe does not necessarily mean wetern . 
  well russia is a european country for the most part . 
  thanks for that contribution !, 
  they could get a qmv simply because you could rally a lot of western europe behind it, 
  well we honestly should just dissolve the eu at this point and just create a new one without eastern europe ... and for our poles : eastern europe as in the bodrer of the iron curtain, 
  well ... yes . 
  austria expects 80k newcomers for 8.4 mio ppl . 
  and those 1 million that come to germany they literally all come through bavaria with its 12 million people, 
  well we have the whole balkans funneling people north acting as the biggest smugglers, 
  yeah that is taxes . 
  also keep in mind that $ 1,40 is rather cheap, 
  the application number per capita in austria are signficantly lower per capita than in germany , but the strain only on bavaria is higher . 
  keep in mind that everyone that applies in germany starts off in bavaria , which has only 1.5 times the population of austria, 
  basically there are three variations . 
  the first one is to pronounce it like a k in a word like fuchs ( fox ) . 
  then there is the ach-sound . 
  that is for example also the first sound of the word chanukka . 
  the third one is the ich-sound . 
  if you want to compare it to an english sound the closest to that is probably the start of the word huge . 
  here you can find something aswell : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ch_ ( digraph ) #german, 
  tell me one english word where the ch sound is in it . 
  i know plenty with sch ( that 's basically sh in english ) , but i do n't know one with the ch . 
  the au belongs together like the th tho . 
  it basically is just 2 vowels . 
  as a german speaker lithuania is a lot weirder to pronounce than litauen . 
  if you want to pronounce it easier in english read litowen , but read the ow like in cow, 
  the thing is it is pretty hard to pronounce sounds that are just non existant in your language . 
  for example alomot every american has massive trouble with ch and \u00e4 , \u00fc , \u00f6 , while germans have trouble with th, 
  the only thing i did was pointing out a correlation between poor people and higher crime rates . 
  unemployed people tend to be poor , so yes they also on average commit more crimes than employed people . 
   my point is that `` being poor '' in sweden is n't really being poor at all compared to other countries . 
  you have free healthcare , means of study etc while getting money from the government for housing , being unemployed etc. 
  and in germany it is the same ? 
  it also does n't change the fact that just in general poor people commit more crimes . 
  also even in a rich country like sweden there will always be comparatively poor people ... 
  what do you want to tell me with that ? 
  i am not american , i am german and germany is not that very different from sweden i would wager . 
  also even tho the poor people of sweden are less poor than poor americans , poor people just generally commit more crimes and pensioners generally commit less crime . 
  poorpeople are also highly overrepresented in violent crimes . 
  pensioners on the other hand are highy underrepresented, 
  general elections effect mostly britain itself , while this decision may very well impact their legal status abroad . 
  yeah sure , but it was done by the mpi in garching , just executed in greifswald . 
  i would guess that the majority of computing was done on the lrz for example . 
  it is not the healthcare system that leads to that innovation tho for the most part . 
  you do n't get more innovation because you run healthcare at a hard for profit model that simply makes it so poor people cant afford healthcare . 
  oh i think so aswell . 
  i also do n't know the exact rules for gay men . 
  i also do n't want to donate blood myself , i just am too fucking scared of the needles . 
  you also have to keep in mind that these regulations were made when hiv especially under gay men was significantly more spread than it is today and changing that back is a lot harder simply because they want to be really cautios . 
  if i were you i really would try to not take offense in that . 
  i highly doubt the red cross has a problem with people being gay these days, 
  no you do n't need to at all . 
  here in germany that is all handled by the red cross aswell . 
  it just seems so weird to have people pay for blood in the hospital , but then again the entire american healthcare system seems weird as fuck, 
  what the uk government is doing . 
  this is pretty exciting . 
  this is actually a project that was done at my university !, 
  this is just utter bullshit, 
   now i ask myself why this 3 are set free ? 
  unfortunately there are no additional details or i did n't found them . 
  anyone else with more sources , details about this case ? 
  because the biggest part of the arson attacks takes place before these centers even have refugees in them . 
  well you ca n't detain people without sufficient evidence , not even refugees, 
  yes , but the majority is by other citizens, 
  and what if turkey says no ? 
  so then greece is stuck with them . 
  that was the policy all thetime and that was what led to the fiasco when put under heavy strain, 
  germany is taking refugees in from these camps aswell just that they also show up at german doorstep . 
  also the issue with deportation is if people do n't say where they are from for example .
