  there is a difference btween something being private and something being public conversation, 
  nobody denies it is hard or expensive . 
  facebook still has to do it, 
  morgenpost is a fairly famous quote from the bible and marked as such . 
  i would also say that not giving in to fear lends itself to rational thought a lot better, 
  no these strreams were heating up well before that ... 
  they came through the balkans then austria and germany opened the border to oet people through ... 
  you got any sources on this ? 
  because as far as i am aware the police stated he was on record for minor offences , which is obviously bad but they did not mention sexual assault, 
  just as you can be a bavarian and a german for example . 
  if someone is found innocent you have to release them ... 
  there was a bomb threat at cologne central station . 
  it was evacuated , but after the police found no explosives after searching with trained dogs the situation ended around 7 pm . 
  well the route of negotiation is what is being tried currently , but that takes time and also a good carrot . 
  i am not sure , but i would assume that there is military quality aircraft that could get you to anywhere in the world in 12 hours from there . 
  you also probably need aircraft capable of refueling midair . 
  that is a lot more of a theoretical idea as a terrorist will not have these kind of ressources , but it should be possible to get to any point in the world in 12 hours, 
  some good old imperialism i see . 
  just positioning some naval groups and threatening attacks should do the same though and has the advantage of not putting the country significantly worse of so more people have to flee . 
  but i guess we do n't really have to delve into why we should n't be resorting to gunboat diplomacy . 
  i guess the us is significantly better suited to doing this than europe with its current capacities . 
  canda has this giant ocean as a physical barrier though ... 
  yes they have confirmed that they are unsure , but not that they definitely have the wrong guy, 
  because it is just not true what he is saying ... that said it seems like there is a greater sense of humanitarian obligation in germany than in most of the rest of europe . 
  which uk governments fell during the troubles when attacks were a lot worse ? 
  not anywhere in the world unless he has access to supersonic flight . 
  note that this is not confirmed by the police as of now . 
  like creating a deal with turkey and creating similar deals with other countries ? 
  correlation does not equal causation . 
  a news papers online forum is also required to have moderators there . 
  a forum needs to have moderation to ensure that the actions taken tehre are lawful . 
  if facebook is facilitating illegal actions then it needs to have action taken against . 
  if you were to provide a public podium for people to speak and people would use that to incite violence and you take no action against that you are going to get prosecuted outside of thei nternet too . 
  you are also free to be against these kind of things and so can facebook be , but ultimately when operating in germany german law has to apply . 
  we ca n't have internet companies be exempt from the law . 
  these laws also already exist and are deemed constitutional in germany . 
  if the us does n't want these kind of laws that is fine with me , but germany means german laws , no matter if you disagree with them . 
  if i am operating in the us i also have to accept laws the us makes . 
  i can not give a beer to a 16 year old even though this would be fine under german law, 
  here on tagesschau : http://www.tagesschau.de/eilmeldung/eilmeldung-2201.html not really anything is known, 
   tat is why the carrot is there . 
  5000 $ is pretty good for a lot of people who have strong economic incentives . 
  some wont follow . 
  that wo n't necessarily work out though . 
  people might not want to take the 5000 $ . 
  also programs like this are largely already in place  that is what developmental aid is for . 
  so you withhold development aid to leverage that into an agreement ? 
   waht ? 
  if you have no common system for asylum in place like right now you will have people just go wherever simply because there is no incentive for the border countries to have proper controls in palce, 
   from whereever they came from . 
  first you prove they did not come the place they claim ( ez , just ask them easily checkable questions any resident would know but non residents dont on the spot . 
  then you offer them 5000 $ for returning home and nothing for staying ) . 
  and what do you do if you do n't find out this way where they came from ? 
  you also ca n't just give them nothing . 
  not only would this be unconstitutional ( in germany definitely ) , but i also do n't want groups of people running around with nothing to lose and no income . 
  that seems like a recipe to get crime to shoot up . 
  you also still have the problem with countries possibly not taking them back . 
  also what about people with legitimate claims to asylum ? 
  what about those fleeing from war where you ca n't deport them back ? 
   now ? 
  we weather out political unrest in syria , then everyones goes home , while build a european border . 
  that is already the plan . 
  enforcing the border wo n't be feasible as long as you do n't have a plan for what to do with those that apply for asylum . 
   you could have easily sent a lot of people packing but didnt . 
  those without passports for example . 
  that would have stemmed the flow early . 
  and now where do you send these people ? 
  and you do know that it might be hard to even get a passport in some of the countries that these people are fleeing from ? 
  and again these people are already in hungary . 
  what is your solution ? 
  what is your solution long term ? 
  well yes . 
  most people wo n't think about that , but i do know that . 
  the government also tried to reduce it but that got slammed in constitutional court . 
  it is also less than even german unemployment benefits . 
  uhm no ? 
  the situation right no is not at all equivalent to the situation of guest workers in the 60s . 
  if anything you can compare it to the yugoslav wars . 
  most of these people were home again by the start of the 2000s, 
  i guess that depends on if you want to call the cdu/csu and fdp rightwing parties , which i think would be largely accurate to do . 
  they certainly are not far right though . 
  of course you ca n't have such a system . 
  we have seen the dublin system compltely fall apart though which lead to this and now european leaders are refusing to set up a new system which might lead to their countries also having to take some of the weight should more people come and as such europe is parallyzed on the matter . 
   i do n't know what the rhetoric was like in germany at the time , but in norway and sweden politicians have talked about the positive economic effect of refugees and asylum seekers for more than a decade . 
  the norwegian politicians stopped 2 years ago once government statistics showed how they 're a monumental economic drain . 
  sweden is still doing it , but they 're obsessed with their image of being a `` humanitarian superpower '' that is not the line that was taken in germany by anyone but the far left . 
  the reasons cited were pretty much entirely humanitarian reasons and to alleviate the situation in hungary and the other border countries . 
   in that case build detention camps as close as possible to the point of entry and keep them there . 
  i see no reason for us to uphold the conventions we signed if no one else is . 
  if europe does n't uphold rules nobody will . 
  these rules are already only respected in limited extend , but fully removing them could lead to a whole can of worms . 
   yes they are . 
  politicians , especially on the left , get all teary eyed and protest whenever we try to deport people back to their now safe countries . 
  it 's fucking insanity . 
  those who have learned the language and made a real effort to integrate and are contributing positively to society should be allowed to stay . 
  the rest can rebuild their countries like the europeans did after wwi and wwii . 
  i agree . 
  that sentiment seems to be less prevalent in germany though considering that something around 95 % of refugees that came during the yugoslav wars were returned to their countries . 
  the notion that people will have to go back once the war is over was repeated over and over again and i think is not really facing large opposition . 
  how do you think the afd will gather the necessary support to create a new constitution for germany ?
