  sure i am confident we can manage it, 
  what do you mean ? 
  no , also the bavarian wei\u00dfwurst is signfiicantly different from the polish version . 
  also there is probably a joke about stealing poles in here, 
  it is still way way cheaper than it was to bail out greece, 
  that 's nice to hear , 
  probably most will have to handle it by themselves simply because at the moment it is more important to secure the more essentials like having them in a place ready for winter, 
  i just looked and i found some in rural eastern germany for 1 room for just 150 $, 
  the thing is refugees do n't know that . 
  i bet you could find people that would be willing to work for a wage that can support their family . 
  the thing is that it gets ripped completely out of context ... 
  honestly the bigger problem i see is that it will be tough to get them all into winter proof housing by winter, 
  more like you should look to shore up your reading comprehension skills, 
  i think the definitions of what is mild from a canadian is a lot different than someone coming from syria . 
  compared to canada germany is pretty mild overall , but if you compare it to syria it is a lot colder . 
  generally here we have between 10 \u00b0 and 20 \u00b0 for a good amount of the time . 
  if english is prevalent highly depends where you go . 
  for example in munich , i would be suprised if there was any problem same in more touristy areas like heidelberg . 
  also i think chances are that if english does n't help , french wo n't either unless you are really close to the french border, 
  i have no idea what greasy kaisers rotkohl should be and i lived in germany my entire life . 
  that sounds more like something that gets sold in britain to sound german . 
  also d\u00f6ner is usually eaten fresh, 
  well i would certainly expect romania to be warmer than germany , simply by geography . 
  if you want a warm climate austria , germany , denmark or sweden really should n't be your destination, 
  the thing is that most of these people simply are not aware of a lot of that stuff . 
  so far communication has been terrible tho, 
  to be fair it is more likely that a person that was able to study mediciine in europe will flee to europe than an `` illiterate farmer '' simply because it is fairly expensive . 
  to be fair people in germany or sweden get way more because living is way more expensive here . 
  honestly if i had to flee from germany the top destination for me would probably be the united states because i would guess a situation that makes me flee from germany would also make it hard in other european countries as well . 
  if that is not a possiblity and depending on if the countries are secure my first countries in europe i would look to would be austria and switzerland then the uk , france or the benelux . 
  chances are just that if there comes a spot where i have to flee from germany those countries are n't safe either . 
  in germany you can not live with 350 $ . 
  it is just not possible , thats just way below the poverty line, 
  uhm if you are estonian are you not free to seek work in germany anyways under the schengen agreement ? 
  that is one hell of a clickbaity and overexagerated title, 
  it seems just highly exagerated . 
  also it was fairly obvious considering the crisis in china that this will cause exports to go back slightly . 
  but describing it as `` shock export collapse '' gets more clicks, 
  actually they have 3 times as much in terms of percentage 18 % vs 6 % . 
  currywurst is neither the national dish nor particularly regional . 
  you could say for example tho that wei\u00dfwurst is highly regional in bavaria, 
  there is no thing such as a german national dish . 
  cuisine in germany is basically all regional, 
  well yeah , you 'd probably say `` klein aber fein '' in german which translates roughly to `` small but nice '', 
  it is quite funny how hard i have to think how much 2000-5000 sq ft. and how much an acre is . 
  these measurements feel so archaic . 
  and maybe 30 % of those will get accepted ? 
  well 100,000 people is exactly the definiton for a large city, 
  austria is probably as much eastern europe as germany . 
  well you should consider that france has more than twenty times the population of lithania . 
  lithuania is a small country . 
  see even bavaria just as a part of germany has more than four times the population than entire lithuania . 
  and a city of 100.000 is a reasonably big city , far from a small one . 
  nrw is more densely populated than england , but both are parts of a bigger state in the ukand germany, 
  i think everyone knows the ice bucket challenge but certainly not what als is, 
  bayern sure gets some good pr frm this but the benefits for the people profiting from it should be way way bigger than that small bit of pr, 
  also it is not looking like the conflict seems to be over any time soon . 
  i really hope they make it easier for asylants to enter the workforce tho, 
  in a pointless war with nothing to win but everything to lose would you really fight ? 
  at the point where you think you can build a better future somewheere elese , if there were to be civil war here i would certainly be looking to flee, 
  i think hitler just had no problem wi monopolies after all he was a dictator, 
  well he was the head of the national socialist german workers party . 
  economically hitlers policy were not particularly right wing, 
  that does n't look legit to me . 
  more like that poll got botted . 
  65k responses also seems fairly high, 
  it is more that other countries are much more against it . 
  also that poll is from several weeks ago . 
  also being worried and being pro helping refugees are anything but mutually exclusive, 
  oh well i guess we have to thank the soviet unions for the ethnic cleansing post ww2, 
  and nobody is disputing that people coming solely for economic reason should be rejected, 
  how many more billions would have been enough in your oppinion ? 
  how to gas jews ? 
  to be fair a lot of prussian identity was woven into germany . 
  the thing is that a lot off these values were heavily instrumentalized by the nazis, 
  not an even spread , a fair spread . 
  germany can take a lot more refugees than lithuania for example, 
  at least some people seem to think like that . 
  really happy to hear that from lithuania . 
  but the first countries they enter sumply dont register them as they would have to as you said, 
  no reason to insult me , the issue is that it was deemed inhumane by the german supreme court to send them back to greece or italy as would be a good idea . 
  i personally agree with your points , the thing is i thin you need an agreement for creating these first response centers but also the distribution of refugees across europe . 
  i am also aware that my country is part of the problem , but it feels like my country is also one of the only countries thatis actively pushing for a solution instead of just saying : `` ugh not my problem '', 
  germany nver offered asylumto all syrians despite how the quote by merkelis interpreted . 
  also the demand to share responsiblitily and to get help from the euforgermany has been well before merkel said they will stop the dublin iii procedure for syrian refugees . 
  the czech republc and hungary are just ignoring european law tho . 
  it seems a lot likeespecially eastern european countries only want the benefits of the eu but not the shared responsibility, 
  i do n't know what consequences there can be but i am certain that this move will be condemned by every major party in germany . 
  i really hope that there will be consequences for the czech republic, 
  because it hardly matters ? 
  we do n't even know anything about his background and it is not like a german could have also commited the crime , just that it would be less newsworthy then, 
  well austria is mainly not a part of germany because the austrian led coalition lost the war against the prussian led coalition in 66 . 
  german and austrian culture and identity only drifted apart really after the second world war, 
  austria is just the part of germany that got fucked in 66 and therefore not part of official germany . 
  historically austria has been the most powerful german state forq uite a big time, 
  right after the aoviet union strikes !, 
  there was war with russia in 2008 and there were funny posts from americans thinking there were russian tanks in america . 
  yes but that doesnt mean other countries should ignore eu rules ... 
  you can also just look at germany . 
  there is massie redistribution especially to the former gdr .
