  i would argue that they are mostly politically impossible . 
  we still have a democracy, 
  i highly doubt / r/de is in any way representative . 
  they are extremely biased to the left also to partys like `` die linke '', 
  so what are the options ? 
  i mean having the police patrol more is something we need to keep areas save . 
  i do n't want sthings like the us where you cant go to parts of cities, 
  if you are worried about increasing vionlence in a certain area it might be a good idea to increase police presence in these areas as a precaution, 
  the nazi party in germany attacked counter demonstrants when they were demonstrating against asylum seekers in dresden . 
  this is a different spin and makes a wolrd of difference ... 
  i would certainly take / r/de with a grain of salt . 
  that forum is very politiclly biased towards the left and hence the selction of sources is fairly selective, 
  i would guess that germany is among the least likely countriese tho for a right wing party to gain traction . 
  yes it is easy to see the advantagesfor the people receiving th money xd . 
  see the question is what are the advantages for people giving iout the money, 
  the key differnece is that back then there was a lot of political will to enable the reunification and people were willing to take a raise in tax . 
  i do n't see that right now . 
  i also do n't see peoplew illing to subsidize poorer countries at all . 
  i think that is prart of his problem tho . 
  he is too much of an idealist to make things actually happen . 
  he is not diplomatic enough and also someimes calculated in a weird way or in a way that he can not push for because he got counte oppinions in his own party, 
  in parts yes . 
  still east germany is the poorest part of germany with by far the highest unemployment . 
  also there was the big difference that there was massive political will to finance the reunification in germany . 
  there was a new tax introduced for that ( that origninally was proclaimed as limited but it still is collected as of today and it is not in sight of being abandoned ) . 
  the people really wanted the german unification to happen and the majority also thought that the gdr was better off than it actually is . 
  overall for example wages are comparable now ( 80-90 % ish when they were less than 10 % at the time of the reunification ) . 
  a lot was done . 
  a lot of good but also bad things happened . 
  another interesting thing is that people in the gdr had a lower life expectancy than people in the west and this diffeerence has vanished for women and is only at 1 year for men . 
  i hear east prussia is a nice part of germany !, 
  and they definitely should increase police presence to combat that, 
  well we alreaddy fund east germany so there is that, 
  and what is the advantage of funding poorer countries ? 
  and how would a fiscal union be sensible ? 
  for example the fiscal policies in germany do n't make sense for a country like spain and vice versa, 
  it actually is a pun . 
  if someone says `` schlimmer '' with a lisp it sounds similar to slimmer, 
  well who apart from the germans profit frrom this anyways ? 
  try to look at them as laws that were made in germany right after world war 2 . 
  as laws that were dictated by the allies to make sure the nazi ideology in germany dies off . 
  this is all about context, 
  because we ahd denazification not decommunistication . 
  this is because the allies pushed hard for laws to ban these symbols, 
  nazi symbols are not, 
  well we have laws like this in germany since the end of the world war ii . 
  is there a way around the paywall ? 
  romania seems to being a really good way atm !, 
  germany curretnly has a balanced budget . 
  thats sch\u00e4ubles favorite project and i think it is good to have a balnced budget in good economic times, 
  well would you prefer to not get loaned any money by anyone ? 
  have the greek banking system and economy fully coollapse ? 
  see you could have exited the euroand declined loans by the ez ... 
  yeah the point of austerity is to get things to a manageably level . 
  if you run a state at 15 % deficit you will have to cut spending and that is obviously not good for the gdp , but that doesnt make it an less necessary, 
  yeah those evil bankers forcing greeks to take debts and spending it for unsustainable growth !, 
  so when were those western invasions of russia post world war 2 ? 
  well you do n't have to . 
  just do n't expect other people to pay for it, 
  because this is how every journalist is putting this . 
  this is the common way to adress this, 
  but that also doesnt mean syou shouldnt condemn a massive surge of xenophobic attacks . 
  nobody wants to be associated with these people, 
   it should n't be used as a reference for each and every action germans are doing . 
  yes , but this is a context where it naturally comes up . 
  you should also not hate the journalist . 
  this is how these attacks are brought up always with the context of nazism , this is why these are seen as excessively bad . 
  the biggest difference in germany is probab that germany 's unemployment is highly regional . 
  according to the bundesagentur f\u00fcr arbeit in the 2 southern sttaes the unemployment is respecitvely 3,4 % and 3,7 % ( for june 2015 ) , in western germany overall you average 5,6 % unemployment whereas in eastern germany you average 9,1 % unemployment ( western and eastern germany reffering to the frg/gdr borders ), 
  well this is because you take an average of a lot of countries and a good part of them are in a pretty big crises which drives the average up . 
  denmark and germany for example have lower unemployment than the usl, 
  xd i just wanted to use the term that is commonly used in english, 
  restore charlemagnes empire ? 
  no but is one of the big reasons why the bavarians didnt like the prussians, 
  this is how i see it aswell in parts , but this was just not politically feasible . 
  also the majority of greeks still want to stay in the euro, 
  i know but bavaria kept the setrongest identity by far, 
  well sch\u00e4uble also openly sid that greece could get a haircut if it left the ez . 
  but it seems like the greekes just want everything without sacrifices, 
  no this is one of the conditions that greece has to fucking change . 
  reforms have to take place and raising the vat is one way to increase state income . 
  people just do n't trust the greek gornment actually implementing the reforms anymore which is a problem . 
  this is pretty much greeces last chance to actually implement reforms . 
  you ca n't just give out money for free . 
  how should you justfiy that ? 
  germany was founded upon a war with france tho . 
  germany was even proclaimed in \u00c4versailles in 1871 . 
  france was the main party that pushed for the alone war guilt of germany in world war 1 . 
  france again was invaded in world war 2 . 
  france treated german pows the most harsh out of the west allies . 
  it was more a post world war 2 politics that lead to the german french friendship because historically we havebeen arch enemies . 
  would you have preferred a collapse of the banking system ? 
  you get new lonas o conditions that you can not get anywhere else and the time to reform the country to get out of this mess and all you do is complain about getting money on good conditions ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  if you go by this germany and rance should hate each other guts, 
  well bavaria is the state in germany that conserved itself as a unique state the most after the unification in 1871 . 
  also note that in the war of 1866 bavaria fought on the side of austria against the prussians , but the prussian alliance won which is one of the big reasons that austria is not a part of germany, 
  well you can be of differing oppinions overall and still be friends . 
  also still the leaders work together all the time, 
  well that is really nothing new tho .
