  and how so ? 
  people here just do n't like anything pro refugees , albeit these posters just being historic and reminding people of the biggest refugee inflow in europe . 
  basically every german will have refugees in his family these days, 
  for reference the volume of people displaced at the time was more than 10 times as much as people coming to germany now . 
  they usually go through turkey and syrians ca n't get refugee status in turkey, 
  but there were different worries . 
  for example what do you do when you suddenly have 20 % more people in a country ravaged by war . 
  how do you feed them . 
  also integration is certainly not a given . 
  these people spoke different dialects than the places they got to and even were of different faith for a good part ( catholic vs protestant ), 
  yes of course it was vastly different . 
  it was an order of magnitude more people but also people that were german, 
  those are actual election posters from the post war era . 
  because you can measure economic disparity the best . 
  there are also other differences . 
  for example mothers are on average younger in the former east when they give birth to their first child . 
  http://www.liliput-lounge.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/alter-muetter-erstgeburt-2010.jpg note that this is already closing again during the times of reunification the average for the east was for a mother to be 23 when she gave birth to her first child . 
  in general in the gdr there was a much better childcare system than in the west allowing mothers to work with children . 
  yes of course . 
  to this date you can still see the rift between east and west and that is after trillions of euros spent onto the matter . 
  for example of the 500 richest people in germany , 21 are in the former east . 
  of those 21 14 are in berlin . 
  here is an article by the guardian on current differences still : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/02/german-reunification-25-years-on-how-different-are-east-and-west-really, 
  well by that definition they should have ben processed in greece and applied for asylum there as it is the first country they can legally get asylum/recognized as a refugee . 
  the thing is greece is not in a position to do so , but also declining help to process the people that come there right there . 
  yes and a fair distribution would mean less people to sweden for example ... 
  culturally similar communists ? 
  people coming from ravaged economies ? 
  always those pesky human rights ... 
  fyi italy is one of the six founding members of the european economic community ( the predecessor of what would once become the eu ), 
   but they can get asylum in turkey . 
  http://www.refugeesolidaritynetwork.org/learn-more/turkey-asylum-basics/ people from europe can get refugee status in turkey but not those from the middle east . 
  turkey did not sign the 1967 convention . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-refugees-idusbre93b0xo20130412  you ca n't apply for asylum in germany in german embassies ) . 
  i do think applying for asylum at embassies should be possible . 
  i think that it should be in an optimal world , but it is completely unreasonable in reality to have that . 
  so what do you propose for turkey to participate in that scheme ? 
  it seems like they are the ones getting fucked . 
  also sending people seeking asylum back to countries where they ca n't get asylum ( =  turkey ) or back to a war zone just is wrong . 
  what you say is basically just make it hard for people to seek asylum and we are already doing that ( for example you ca n't apply for asylum in germany in german embassies ) . 
  also i remind you that both australia and hungary were critizised heavily for their course of action by the international community, 
  do you have a better idea ? 
  an idea that also complies with current law ? 
  the way i see it that it is basically the only way to make sure that the majority of the burden is not shared by a handful of countries including yours and mine . 
  and what regulations to you propose ? 
  what else can provide solution within the boundaries set by the refugee conventions of 1951/1967 and the eu charta of human rights ? 
  well new regulations are blocked from ee, 
  so what help should the eu have given if not help to enforce eu regulation ? 
  well but they didnt want that help ? 
  so you want to build power blocs in europe ? 
  in that scenario one could also see the benelux , austria and germany merging . 
  possibly also france and italy . 
  are russian nukes pointed at nato countries really something new or interesting ? 
  they exist they have for decades . 
  we all know, 
  frankly this is ridiculous, 
  it is not like germans chose that ideology tho . 
  on the one hand it was the west occupying germany and on the other side the soviets . 
  these ideologies were not developped naturally but rather deployed by the countries that occupied germany ( well mostly by the us and the soviets ), 
  you do n't need a hundred years . 
  you do n't even need 50 years you can change ideology within 5-10 years . 
  again you can look at germany from the creation of the country over the first world war to nazism and then to capitalism/communism . 
  so you would also oppose the netherlands trying to deport people claiming asylum that get declined ? 
  after all they are illegal immigrants, 
  what do you mean by look at germany ? 
  there are no issues with german minorities in eastern european countries because these had to flee and/or were cleansed out of these countries . 
  the cdu , the party of angela merkel , is usually called a center-right party . 
  that article does n't seem to mention numbers or is just the few people in the pic, 
  getting independent of transit countries is good for germany aswell . 
  it also makes germanys gas deliveries independent of the political situation between ee and russia . 
  also south stream was not blockaded by germany , merkel was actively trying to make it happen ... 
  poland actively taking in a number of refugees, 
  and what part of that is also happening ? 
   some parts of eu experience much larger problems because of immigrants/refuges . 
  others still help ( at least , poland did , not without complaining , though ) . 
   some parts of eu experience problems with russian bullying , and unfortunately germany does n't want to help because of its financial interests . 
  this threathens the eu solidarity . 
  uhm i would not agree on this . 
  how did poland help with the refugee crisis other than pushing against solutions that would have poland end up with refugees ? 
  also germany is still upholding the sanctions against russia the eu agreed on . 
  those did not get broken . 
  so exactly that a transit country would use transit as a tool of political pressure ? 
  and you know that people are and were extremely pissed at him for doing that ? 
  also of course german political power was used it is/was a deal that was also meant to increase energy security for germany and reduce transit fees . 
  i have never heard someone refer to the camps in the us for the japanese as `` konzentrationslager '' but rathre as `` internierungslager '' . 
  also there are no concentration camps in contemporary poland , but auschwitz for example just is on polish soil, 
  that is from an american newspaper , why should they give a fuck ? 
  also the deal is also pro germany ... 
  but he did adress the straight black/white view and he adresses america trying to impose policies on their allies . 
  he also pointed out that it does n't make that much sense to pay transit fees to that many countries if you can avoid it, 
  there are no sanctions in place against russian gas . 
  everyone is still buyign from them . 
  also if it is found to not comply with eu rules it will be shut down, 
  the issue is that a transfer union is really tough to work with so different economic landscapes . 
  i would say that a transfer union between germany , austria , the benelux and france would be feasible for example tho, 
  no not really . 
  if i can read a dutch text i can often kinda get the gist what they are talking about but i have no chance understanding spoken dutch . 
  it probably would be fairly easy to learn tho, 
  i do n't think they would wait until tuesday morning . 
  there may be some big new tests tho once with the british referendum and possibly after the french elections because these two are some of the countries are critical i would say .
