  i would much rather prefer to be in a union with countries like austria , france , benelux , the uk and scandinavia . 
  this seems more like a union where you could also work to make the living standards in these spaces more equal simply because they are far far less apart and apparently a lot of eastern europe does n't want to be a part of the eu anyways . 
  i could certainly see that the uk would n't want to be a part of such a union but i think a more homogenous union could be beneficial to all parts of it, 
  a start would be to actively look for solution instead of just saying : `` not our problem '', 
  well it still is straight up discriminating against people based on their religious beliefs ... how would you have felt if the south of the us said they wo n't accept refugees if they are black because the south has a strong white tradition and wants no business with blacks, 
  i rather hope germany stops any eu funds going to hungary . 
  solidarity is not a one way street . 
  also in muncipal elections in nrw ( the biggest state in germany population wise ) merkels party got gains . 
  merkel is still the most modest candidate and another huge issue is that there is nobody that could seriously challenge her . 
  there is also no serious party to the right of the cdu ( well the csu , but those are sister parties ) . 
  it really sucks that we have to close this border to be honest , but having 60 000 people arrive alone in munich in 10 days is just not a pace that is manageable . 
  she of course knew that the media would pick up on her comments , but she can hardly control the spin, 
  it will be only temporary due to the schengen agreement . 
  now if the schengen agreement crashed tho ... 
  well the eu is quite a bit smaller than australia :p, 
  the way i see it that it is very hard to employ solutions on an eu scale when even discussion of options such as distributing refugees across the eu aswell as setting up hotzones in entry stations funded by the eu are entirely blocked off . 
  i think we need a solution like this . 
  we have to make it clear that if you seek asylum in the eu you are not free to chose whatever country . 
  you get distributed to one and that is what you get . 
  i personally think we do n't need to people be radical on either side , but rather to be pragmatic and find solutions somewhere in the middle, 
  germany did not . 
  merkel only said that due to the humanitarian crisis in entry countries like hungary and greece the dublin process for syrian refugees will be suspended . 
  it was the press that interpreted the statements as they did, 
  well you are mostly talking about germany and germans in a topic about a statement of the austrian chancellor which makes it sounds like austria was somehow a part of germany, 
  during the sixties until the oil crisis unemployment in the frg was around 1 %, 
  uhm austria is not a part of germany ... 
  well it is the same in german . 
  it is just more common to use a billion to refer to 10 ^ 9 when writing in an english forum . 
  when i read a german text one billion = 10 ^ 12 in an english text i suppose it means 10 ^ 9, 
  well no because to leave the eu you have to be part of the eu in the first place, 
  i would guess that more people care about el clasico than people care about catalonian independence, 
  how about we seize their property and strip them off their passports ? 
  and then we put them on the train to a certain town northwest of munich ? 
  that is just wrong . 
  i personally have met way way more turks that are very well integrated rathr than people that `` strongly oppose german values and identity and almost exclusively identify as conservative muslim and turks '', 
  i think they are . 
  they may be muslim and wearing headscarves , but that is well within their religious freedom . 
  there are surely people that are not integrated that well , but the vast majority are integrated very well . 
  also there have been made a lot of mistake in the past regarding integration of guest workers, 
  this has literally nothing to do with refugees . 
  this is the conflict between turkey and the pkk . 
  most of these are also second generation immigrants, 
  yes , but why does it matter if they are different from the average german ? 
  they are entitled to have their own views . 
  as i said you can ask genuine syrian refugees . 
  also you can use a map, 
  the csu is still the third biggest party in germany by number of members after the cdu and the spd . 
  in the last bundestag election the cdu had the fourth most votes only 40k behind die linke . 
  you can check that . 
  for example you can use genuine/confirmed syrian refugees to check if their dialect is correct . 
  also if you say you come from village a you better know the surroundings of village a and so on . 
  the big problem is that this process can be very time consuming, 
  i really like the work of our chancellor and our government tho, 
  they are not relevant on a federal level tho . 
  the reason they are together is it makes sense politically . 
  it does n't make more sense to split now than it did in 76 and back then the csu even voted to split from cdu , but got that vote repealed a month later, 
  recently they made more and more nut jobs , but you can not maintain sole majority over a part of the country without making some reasonable politics . 
  the way the csu behaves recently really makes me wish i could be voting cdu ( but that is impossible in bavaria ), 
  for context it might be very important to know that the csu is the sister party of the cdu that is only in bvaria and bavaria has been hitamong the most here in germany . 
  you frequently hear about the thousands of migrants arriving in munich , which is the capital of bavaria, 
  that 's why dresden or magdeburg is part of east germany and munich or passau is not , tho passau and munich technically are in the eastern half of germany, 
  the uk and france both have nuclear capabilities . 
  so you propose sinking ships full of innocent humans ? 
  how is that anything but straight up murder ? 
  czechia was behind the iron curtain, 
  is he seriously proposing sinking ships with refugees on them ? 
  well the thing is that each country defines these things a bit different . 
  for example it does not really make sense if germany records 7400 cases of rape and sexual assault ( source : http://www.bka.de/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks__node.html?__nnn=true ) , but sweden records 15000 when germany has eight times the population of sweden, 
  i still remember the huge critisicm on our finance minister when he even brought up the option of greece leaving the ez ... 
  i would guess the average european is more centrist than tthe average person on this sub, 
  uhm i would guess that would go over pretty poorly for greece, 
  well the main difference i see was that during the greek crisis you generally had two oppinions that both had a good part of the sub behind it . 
  right now anything that is pro-refugees/asylum gets downvoted into oblvion, 
  well maybe he lives in switzerland ( but based on his flair i would guess finland ), 
   a little dark in the last week . 
  that is quite the understatement . 
  also you may have noticed a fairly sharp decline in german flairs over here recently . 
  who is forcing greece to stay in the ez ? 
  sure you are not . 
  the thing is in a different way of history , bavaria might be a sovereign state just as austria or we 'd be having a german nation with its capital in munich or vienna ( probably more likely in vienna ) , but the prussian led alliance won the austro-prussian war . 
  the us is free to bail out greece if that is in their interist if the third bailout should fail, 
  what a great rational argument !, 
  thanks for your contribution !, 
  greece chose this route tho . 
  they could be leaving the ez and they have control over their money again . 
  do n't forget that greece loaded the gun itself and pointed it at is own head , just gave it into the hand of the ez, 
  so why does the majority of greek people matter more than the majority of german people in a decision on what to do with german money ? 
  so the majority in the rest of the ez matters less than the majority in greece even tho they are vastly more people ? 
  the ez has control of the greek banking system because greek banks overlended and then it crashed meaning they can only really survive with european money . 
  how is that the fault of the ez ? 
  last time i checked the us was neither a part of the ez nor the eu, 
  i would suspect is that german speakers are the second biggest group in terms of language here after obviously english speakers, 
  not too long ago we had lukas podolski and miroslav klose as some of our most prominent players, 
  to be fair if history played a bit different austria and germany may very well be one country, 
  but countries like hungary or the czech republic still heavily oppose it, 
  can elisabeth be our queen aswell then ? 
  those 16 million are those with immigrant roots , with people that immigrated after 1949 . 
  mind that in these numbers are not included the 12 million people that were cleansed from eastern europe after ww2, 
  an acceptable level of speech is quite an understatement . 
  most turks i came in contact with spoke german as good as you and me .
