  the only other market with similar levels of localization is the french one, 
  english is the primary foreign language taught pretty much everywhere in europe ... 
  austria being not up there with the dutch or the scandinavians makes sense in that you can get by quite well with just knowing german for a lot of things . 
  everything gets translated into german , to a level that simply is not applicable for the higher ranking languages . 
  so then is n't the easier solution to just cut out all former warsaw pact and former yugoslavia states ? 
  you could get rid of a lot of income inequality in the eu by doing that . 
  the thing is how do you justify raising taxes to pay for some eastern european state ? 
  germans accepted raising taxes when it came to eastern germany because that was seen as a part of germany , but what incentive is there for western european citizens be to pay out money to eastern europe ? 
  to be fair i think i would also fuck up somewhere on the balkans , although my knowledge there has been getting a lot better there in the past years, 
  the funniest one certainly was putting germany into switzerland, 
  v4 baltics ro and bg combined are still quite a bit behind germany and france combined population wise . 
  gdp wise the group you named looks even more miserable getting roughly the gdp of the benelux . 
  it is just that the majority of european citizens lives in western europe . 
  the six founding states of the eu ( germany , france , benelux and italy ) combined put on well over half the gdp of the eu and slightly below half the population of the eu . 
  no it was not extremely harsh it even ceded the most critical demand of the greek government in allowing them to prevail within the eurozone . 
  the issue rather was that the greek side went into negotiations absolutely delusional . 
  also how much the eu serves germany you can see right now , with germany unable to do anything within the eu . 
  how does it even make sense to paint germany as the great villain ? 
  germany was one of the more moderate states during the greek crisis pushing rahter for a compromise than forcing greece out of the euro . 
  germany is trying to reach a solution of negotiation right now in the refugee crisis , one where the burden is not only pushed on so very few states as the dublin agreement very obviously failed . 
  i know a great target : how about poland ? 
  i mean there is lots of german clay to retake there . 
  we just need to foster a german minority first and then maybe we can stage a referendum ? 
   europe has the means to enforce such a policy but due to organization-structural problems on a decision level , it does not act at all . 
  and how does europe enforce such a regulation ? 
  assuming turkey is n't willing to cooperate what leverage does the eu have that it is willing to use ? 
  i do n't think a trade war against an ally in a geopolitcally important position as turkey makes sense . 
  then why were the number already ramping up for so long ? 
  surely the numbers reached their current peak after the so interpreted invitiation , but that does n't make up for the fact that the numbers were already extremely high before that , it is just that other topics took priority in reporting , namely the greek crisis, 
  i sometimes just feel it 's really hard to grasp for a lot of people that these international conventions and human rights actually are seen as meaningful in germany and not something you just abandon because it does n't fit you . 
  i think a lot of people just do n't realize that one of the big reasons to allow people from hungary to travel to germany back in september was to lessen the burden for hungary and buy time for a european solution to happen to avoid a humanitarian crisis as it was impending in hungary and now is in greece, 
  man you really do n't listen to what the women says , do you ? 
  have you already forgotten the pictures from hungary ? 
  have you forgotten how the humanitarian situation was there ? 
  well we will see this again just in greece now and the whole attempt to evade a humanitarian crisis will have been futile, 
  and can you show the stats to back that up ? 
  all i can see is a steadily rising stream of people . 
  this would also just take a few weeks to month to show an effect simply because it takes time to spread word and get people to flee . 
  you put them in busses or airplanes and take them there and then tie any benefits to residence . 
  you also need a working database for fingerprints at least to prevent people registering multiple times . 
  it is already somewhat working within germany . 
  you do n't get to chose where you go in germany if you go to saxony or to berlin . 
  the issue i see is that the fissure is n't even closing but rather keeps opening, 
  also merkel does not have the power to decide anything alone in the eu as this crisis shows very well, 
  germany has a right to western poland ? 
  honestly it always seems amazing that the people ctually living near refugees/migrants seem to have an awful ltot less problems with them than people that do n't, 
  i would expect that list to not be a lot longer than the individual list of either . 
  dual russian/american or american/chinese would probably make a difference though, 
  yeah man . 
  fucking mongolia does n't have visa free travel for swedes but for germans, 
  of course but then they can get a work visa and do n't fall under the asylum system, 
  no not really . 
  if anything a strong afd makes a cdu-fdp government impossible and the cdu is the party losing the most to the afd . 
  we are nowhere near the vicinity where the cdu could lose chancellor anyways, 
  well merkel 's approval declined , but even if you lose 20 percentage points of approval if your ratings were close to 80 % before that is still a lot of approval . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i did n't call any group mean , irrational or evil . 
  or if you think i did you could point me to the quote so i can respond . 
  the only thing that i said that a lot of the arguments of people against taking in any refugees are blatant fearmongering or thinly veiled racism . 
  then could you please pinpoint specific issues you have problem with the plan ? 
  and where have i labeled any group of people as mean , irrational or evil ? 
  so then could you in detail please point out which part of merkel 's plan is unreasonable other than it being hard to get nations to cooperate to make it work ? 
  well , flying people in from syria is madness . 
  no reason to open that pandora 's box . 
  also if nobody else is following any sorts of rules and treaties that is a problem in itself . 
  i also agree that it is unresponsible to let in undocumented hordes of people , that is why we register those people , so that they are not undocumented . 
  another issue is how do you tell if somebody is an economic migrant ? 
  for example 20 % of asylum claims by turkish citizens in germany are actually accepted . 
  you have to check the people individually . 
  what irony do you mean ? 
  then you ca n't have met many in germany . 
  merkel is the leader of the german conservative party . 
  you could look at the statistics provided in this thread and see that 55 % of voters that align with the cdu/csu support merkel 's refugee policy . 
  wait what would have been the problem with switzerland joining the eu ? 
  i would think that if switzerland really wanted to join the eu , there would n't really be issues . 
  i would just expect switzerland not wanting to join because all of this neutrality thing you got going on, 
  if people have no claim to asylum they shall have it denied and be sent back in the due juristic process . 
  what graphic are you referring to ? 
  also there is no reason to assume these numbers are faked . 
  they align fairly well with what other independent research institutions found, 
  what is not conservative about trying to find a reasonable solution , with respect to international law and the german constitution ? 
  how is it not conservative not be willing to sacrifice some vital parts of the german basic law to even just reduce the number of people fleeing to germany ? 
  there have to be other solutions than just sacrificing these core values . 
  i personally think that merkel 's solution in principle is fantastic , i just do n't see other countries cooperating to reach it . 
  another issue i see is that a lot of people here just do n't listen to what german politicans are saying but rather just read what is written about them , which arguably is the only thing you can do if you ca n't understand german . 
  for example from sunday 's interview you could take a lot of excerpts out taht all say some very different things . 
  one thing i for example really liked from merkel is saying that she is not willing to make promises with the outlook that she possibly has to break them 3 weeks later . 
  it is amazing that a boatlaod of people that would be labeled as rather conservative in germany , like myself are seen as far left here on this sub . 
   either you acknowledge a problem but think there are more important issues that trump it i think that is more it . 
  the german constitution and the human rights chartas just reign supreme , even if there is a problem and we have to work it out . 
  germany is quite a stickler for human rights . 
  another issue i see is that a lot of criticism is just blatant fearmongering and thinly veiled racism shining through . 
  arguments that are mostly emotionally charged rather than reasoned for rationally . 
  for example you see lots of people calling for upper limits , but i have yet to see a suggestion what happens when that limit is reached , other than just stopping to take people in which almost assuredly gets you in major problems with the german constitution . 
  yes , but that would be madness because then you 'd have to take in millions of people . 
  there is a reason you ca n't apply for asylum in embassies or consulates and that reason is pragmatism, 
  yeah merkel stated the facts . 
  it is also just saving bureacracy if you do n't check for dublin deportations that are factually not happening anyways . 
  it is not like there really was a change in policy, 
   and our chancellor suspended the dublin convention really people should read up on this before continuing to circle jerk .
