  or can only other governments do things that are openly harmful to other eu countries ? 
  what does it mean that it is a red state ? 
  people would much rather prefer people that are actually skilled , but that does n't free us from granting people the right to apply for asylum and due to the conditions in some of the other eu states especially it was deemed that the dublin process for syrian refugees would be halted which has been repeatedly called out a mistake . 
  judge for yourself . 
  also at least here in germany the refugee crisis usually does not bleed into regular immigration because basically everyone agrees that germany needs skilled immigrants anyways . 
   800,000 people who blatantly violated the requirement to open asylum procedures in the first safe country they reach , which was turkey . 
  no , it had to be a country that 's also rich . 
  hence , germany . 
  well they certainly are denied quite a lot of human rights in turkey . 
  also turkey is already doing extremely much having by far the most refugees from syria  correct . 
  but shipping them back to turkey or syria is . 
  are you really proposing sending people back to a place where they very well may be killed ? 
   well , they are being smart . 
  germany is painting a target on its own back and saying : `` come here '' , while hungary is doing its best to avoid them . 
  then germany should be smart and not send money to uncooperative governments through the eu !, 
  i am sorry i just did n't realize you were the same person . 
  i am sorry . 
  no 800.000 people have opened asylum procedures in germany which well comes with a temporal permit to stay . 
  if that is right or not that is to debatable , but just shipping them back to hungary , italy or greece is not a solution and i also doubt that these countries will stop the asylants from coming to germany again with how they are funneling them up to germany so far . 
  because his view seems pretty far from reality and makes me think the news outlets he frequents are fairly biased against germany and the german refugee policy specifically, 
  you should try and break out of the bubble you get your news from ... 
  well there are lots of retards writing angry facebook comments ... 
  we also slaughter cute little puppies and kittens here in germany !, 
  because i doubt german news usually report on angry facebook comments, 
  maybe we just need a real f\u00fchrer !, 
  someone that leads germany out of the misery brought upon us by the devastating terms after world war two and lead germany back to its former glory installing full german control over all of europe for the german race to be in their rightful place as rulers !, 
  this also seems like a piece that has no real news value . 
  i mean they write about people complaining on facebook about a segment in an ard show . 
  does the bbc also report in this length when people write angry comments on facebook on their work ? 
  this just seems to be overblown . 
  it is most likely just people writing angry comments about the part , but whatever . 
  i would n't give two damns about those coment sections . 
  this is the public german tv network . 
  also i doubt that it really is newsworthy but you can paint a picture of merkel being an enemy free speech by using it . 
  i think this was some private persons that were pissed by it and wrote angry comments . 
  yes that was one of the big reasons , but i am also fairly certain when the ez had decided that greece had to leave it then that decision could have been carried out aswell . 
  i agree with you on them making a fool of themselves trying to renegotiate out of a position of weakness, 
  well then you force them and tie their benefits to their location, 
  well orban is against a fair distribution of refugees across europe, 
  how are you going to distribute refugees arriving in the entry countries ? 
  or was your plan to just leave all the mess to greece and italy ? 
  yeah and i feel that is what merkel is doing but that is just my oppinion, 
  i think you have to keep in mind that this si simply not the general mood in germany . 
  this sub might suggest that basically everyone is against immigration and granting asylum to refugees but that is simplyn ot true in real life . 
  also as always the issue is always a lot more nuanced and soemthing like closing borders is simply something that is not as easily practical for germany as it is for example for the united kingdom, 
  yes sorry that is indeed what i meant !, 
  honestly no . 
  i just hope he is deemed as entirely unelectable because the guy seems like someone that could jeopardize a lot of diplomacy, 
  there was a demand for giving absolutely no aid to greece which would have effectively collapsed the greek banking system fully and forced greece out of the euro and would have probably led to a massive humanitarian crisis . 
  sch\u00e4uble is on extremely high approval ( he is usually around 70 % ) because he represented a tougher stance and there were more than enough people that wanted them to be even tougher . 
  and that is for the most part what the german government does . 
  merkel is so often critisized for just working after public oppinion . 
  the thing is it is easy to say : close the borders , but practically that is not that easy . 
  the thing is public oppinion does not always reflect the most practical or best solutions . 
  the tough part is to find the right balance . 
  for example if you 'd ask if people wanted reduced vat you could bet most would but that does not necessarily make sense to reduce vat, 
  i would expect her to be reelected . 
  also who is a serious other candidate that is electable that will not simply be the same ? 
  also while merkels approval may have sunk the cdu/csu is stable at 41-42 % . 
  also with how things are shaking up currently i would expect the csu to make gains again edit : also while you may be losing votes on the right you gain them on the left . 
  the party i currently see in trouble is the spd simply because they are so close to the cdu . 
  that was the point . 
  merkel is still the highest or among the highest in terms of approval rating among european leaders . 
  so you also belive for example that merkel should have been tougher on greece because that is what a big part of germany wanted aswell ? 
  i would love to see a graphic with european leaders and their approval rates and i bet merkel is sitll among the top of that, 
  they wrote an article over hateful comments and hateful speech and for that cited out of their own comment sections . 
  if people did n't want to be called out for writing hateful speech in comment sections they should n't have publicly under their own name written that there . 
  and probably a lot more than half of them are gon na be declined asylum . 
  also the bild is really not a trustworthy source . 
  they are about as legitimate as the sun, 
  if people post publicly under they own name and pictures in comment sections or on facebook they should be aware that that is well public . 
  country : germany favourite neighbour : austria !, 
  least favourite neighbour : france !, 
  hungary did not prevent funneling in any way . 
  they literraly bussed the people to the austro-hungarian border ... 
  and how does that click with the basic right for asylum ? 
  or does that simply not exist anymore ? 
  how do you reduce the flow of immigrants ? 
  also yes better border controls at the outer borders and first reception centres are necessary right there in the countries of entry . 
  also yes the distribution across europe not working is a shame , but you can only do so much if a good part of the union is adamantly fighting against a fair distribution . 
  i highly doubt aswell that we were immediatel seeing the impact of merkel 's speech ( that has been heavily misinterpreted in my opinion , but well too late now ) . 
  merkel repeatedly stated that germany can not grant asylum to people coming only on economic incentives , but well that did n't make international news . 
  another statement that people really disliked were that there is no upper limit to the basic right to asylum and i do n't think there should be , but right now it is an issue of logistics and i think we need to share the burden across the union . 
  i personally find it outrageous that basically all the countries of entry only funnel the stream of refugees up to germany and scandinavia, 
  this was not directed at you . 
  it was for example something the so beloved mister orban said, 
  yes and it is a shame it is ignored , but betterl ate than never i guess . 
  also greece always had the option to drop out of the ez and say fuck it . 
  nobody forced them to take loans out , but well i guess we wo n't agree on this . 
  also how in the fucking hell did germany make the other states unable to hanlde the situation ? 
  as far as i can see it all the balkan states especially are doing is funneling through the refugees to germany, 
  well i personally find merkel to be fairly competent . 
  there surely were made mistakes with the refugee crisis , but i still think overall she is doing a very good job . 
  also i much rather have a climate of welcoming even if it carries problems than falling back into racism and hatred . 
  also saying you do n't want muslims because they are muslims is simply racist in my mind, 
  the thing is the corrections are not reported on . 
  she just repeated what she said which was very clear but still was willfully misinterpreted, 
  and she did that again and again , but the people do n't listen . 
  also `` germany welcomes everybody '' just sells better than `` germany is stopping deportations under dublin ii for syrian refugees to italy , greece and hungary to lessen the burden on those countries and to not expand the humanitarian crisis '', 
  for maintaining a similar position the entire time ?
