  also what common history ? 
  well there are more buddhists than jews in germany, 
  man sibiu looks a lot like it could be some place in germany . 
  sorry what propaganda ? 
  i just offered a different examples of how organisations can make mistakes . 
  if you want more example you can look at the incident with the russo-german girl that allegedly was raped ... and saying that there can be mistakes is a clear agenda ? 
  pointing out that other sides also make mistakes is pushing and `` agenda '' ? 
  also how am i trying to derail the topic ? 
  how did i mention nazis by the way ? 
  or are you of the oppinion that pegida are nazis ? 
  germany consist of a big number of former countries at least if you consider 30 + a big number . 
  what about the usa or china ? 
  also i think you mean multi ethnic and not multinational . 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  there was also actually a fairly sizable german community in transsylvania ( or siebenb\u00fcrgen as its german name ) . 
  for me the closest connection definitely is austria , but that always feels a bid like cheating because it is so remarkably close to germany especially to the southern part of bavaria where i currently live . 
  in general i always feel like austria is by far the most similar state to germany ( as you would expect ) . 
  aside from that well i grew up with the cold war still in everyones mind . 
  especially my grandparents were a lot in that us vs them , my grandma especially loathes the russians ( she had to flee from them once from the area around lodz and then again shortly before they built the wall from the dresden area ) . 
  i can also just look at how western european countries developed and i see a lot of similarities to germany especially towards northern europe . 
  all the scandinavian languages ( excpet finnish ) , dutch and german are remarkably similar languages . 
  france has been the closest ally in europe to germany for quite a while ( which still is weird if you look at our history ) . 
  of course you can be wrong about it . 
  if you tell an organization like pegida for example that a migrant killed a man do n't you think they 'd be inclined to believe that aswell ? 
  they still do the records . 
  these crimes still show up in the crime statistics . 
  they basically just do n't try to prove identities because they basically cant logistically . 
  robbery also certainyl does n't fall under minor offences . 
  this is for the kind of guy that steals like a twix at the supermarket . 
  no technically if you want to use migrants is everyone coming for any reason . 
  that includes the guy from sierra leone that wants a better life , the guy fleeing civil war in syria , but also the french barber coming to germany to work or the american businessman that wants to build a chain of fast food restaurants . 
  and why would it matter who had the military ? 
  after all we are all allied . 
  yes france and the uk could easily achieve a military victory over any european country simply by using nuclear weapons . 
  as for the unsc the countries that sit there are the victorious powers of ww2 . 
  what other reasons are there germany and japan do n't have permanent seats there , if the uk and france do ? 
  war or a common threat is probably the easiest way . 
  that is how germany was molded together . 
  heck unified germany was founded based on war . 
  in general i think crisis is an option . 
  i personally for example feel more connected to france , denmark or the netherlands ( and austria even more obviously ) than i feel connected to romania , hungary or poland . 
  uhm those minor offences on first time offenders are usually not prosecuted anyways . 
  is n't it actually that those from war-zones can get protection and refugee status under the geneva convention but not asylum under \u00a7 16a gg ? 
  i can not prove they knew it . 
  still the notion of disbanding organizations for publishing a lie seems draconic . 
  so every organization that unkowingly publishes a lie should be disbanded ? 
  this would have been nicer with just 4 colours . 
  you can colour a map of europe ( or any map for that matter ) with 4 colours so that no countries of the same colour border each other, 
  in germany merkel is the 8th chancellor since 1949 making the average term currently a bit more than 8 years . 
  well we yesterday hd the incident of the thirteen year old in berlin, 
  we dont disbamd ngos because one of their volunteers is an asshole . 
  i really love how people on here see the cdu of all parties as extreme leftist while stating that syriza is not really extreme leftist . 
  well politicians havebeen working on that for quite a while now it just got delayed heavily by nations just not wanting any part of it, 
  what is the problem with mentioning facebook ? 
  and gladly those are not the people deciding . 
  obviously but the russian military doctrine includes using nuclear weapons in such a case . 
  i am not advocating a first strike, 
  i am confident that germany would also hold up its nato obligations and if all the big countries hold up the treaty hatn the defense stands . 
  also destroying some carrier fleets preeemptively still seems like a big requirement . 
  another scenario that could see russia winning a war would be if they could stage a cyber attack shutting down the energy supply in the eu and possibly the also the us . 
  that would very quickly cripple the continent . 
  yes nato countries rely on nato for defence . 
  germany ca n't defend against russia , but that is pretty much a given , but no nato country apart from the us could stand against russia alone that 's why we have this alliance, 
  well then that route , but that still goes through two other nato states . 
  this working basically hinges on nato not reacting on an invocation of art . 
  5 by slovakia and that is just the part that i highly doubt . 
  going through slovakia and the czech republic also seems to make it too easy for nato to encircle the russian forces and cut supply lines . 
  in general : why do you suspect nato would not react quickly to one of its signatories invoking art . 
  5 due to an open invasion of russia ? 
  well i do n't think nato would be paralyzed if russia were to attack poland and the baltics ( where a war that involved invading germany would start ) nato would strike back . 
  also i really would not expect nato to be slow to react in the case of russia literally invading a nato state . 
  i would expect reaction to take days , maybe a week . 
  nato may be slow at deciding a common course when the goal is to pacify some foreign country , but if the case that nato was founded for comes and the russians attack i would expect nato to react fast . 
  the thing is i do n't think russia can reasonably expect to invade germany without using nuclear weapons . 
  russia would probably go after the baltics and poland and a war without nuclear weapons would pretty definitely be a war with limited goals ( for example restoring russian zone of influence during the soviet era ) and that would mean that they most likely do n't go after germany . 
  also the time it would take for russia to get to germany would be long enough to allow a coordinated nato response . 
  even assuming that poland were to fall immediately it would still take weeks to reach berlin , tho there could probably be air raids sooner ( again assuming that things run very smoothly from russian perspective ) honestly i also do n't think russia can reasonably attack the eu states without somehow breaking up nato . 
  all these scenarios obviously get a lot more likely if nato dissolved . 
  if nato and the eu were to dissolve russia could probably wage a war of aggression . 
  damn i am really not that good with american holidays . 
  i was actually looking up remembrance day and that is also on nov 11, 
  they exactly said something at all because there was the media attention . 
  that is right . 
  the reason they do n't issue public reports is not the perpetrators but rather to protect the victim . 
  this is dictated by the youth protection law . 
  there are people that openly hate soldiers , but they are a minority . 
  for most people i would think that the military isj ust something wehave and that the vast majority does n't even think about . 
  spitting on people is generally not fine regardles of them being soldiers . 
  to me they are people that do a job , not better than someone doing another job but also not worse . 
  well that 's the point of having nato !, 
  the reasoning did n't change for people to dislike the military . 
  also germany does n't spit on its soldiers , but in germany being a solider is a job , not particularly well respected one and some people do hate them , but in reality it is merely a job . 
  no thank you for your service in germany and if you did you 'd weird out people . 
   and you celebrate your soldiers ' deaths . 
  i 've seen those ads . 
  you have veteran 's day as a federal holiday in the united states and that sure as fuck is a bigger deal than volkstrauertag , which is about mourning the fallen , in germany . 
  well that you can offer rides cheaper if you avoid proper licensing and do n't have proper insurance is not innovation , that is commonly called breaking the law . 
  if russia invades germany nuclear weapons will fall or nato will be quick enough to respond while the russian military is still in poland . 
  i also just highly doubt russia would attack nato . 
  i do n't think they 'd want to risk nuclear war and if they do we are fucked anyways .
