  that does n't sound all that promising to me . 
  i personally what we need more is to distribute refugees more fairly across europe instead of just letting them all pour into germany or france, 
  i think this is generally something more regional to drink at lunch ( as in regional to bavaria and austria ) than in the norhtern parts of germany . 
  also in bavaria aswell people just drink their 2 beers at night if they want to . 
  also generally there are waiters everywhere in germany wherever you go . 
  also sure drinking culture may vary a lot and to be frank i do n't have a good grasp on it neither in germany nor outside germany, 
  in germany the limit is 0.16 for cyclists , a limit where nobody can drive bycicle safely anymore . 
  i think they also check up on this if they catch someone but if they are that drunk it should be fairly possible to recognize them, 
  another great conclusion : general speed limits dont make roads safer ( fuck the people that want a general speedlimit ), 
  i think the difference is that if you go for lunch you usually just drink one beer because there is usually limited time . 
  if you drink only 1 beer it is actually fine and that is also the law because with 1 beer you should be under the limit, 
  nazi reich translates significantly better to nazi empire ( reich is just the german word for empire , but that would have probably caused too much confusion/bad light on the british empire to use that term ), 
  the soviet union decided to divide poland with germany in the pact . 
  as much bad as the germans did to poland the soviets did a lot of bad stuff aswell, 
  it could be but that made quite big news overall, 
  in germany you get numbers of 3-4 % in the south ( primarily bw and bayern ) and around 10 % in the former east, 
  thank you for properly tagging nsfl . 
  that is because that is the stance of the german society that you should be pro asylum . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  i personally found it to be quite neutral with comentary declared as such , but to be fair i only really watch tagesschau and tagesthemen . 
  yeah i also do n't think not being able to get the money is a problem at all . 
  also even if germany were to take up some debt that is dirt cheap aswell, 
  i do n't think even increasing spending by 3 % ( or 10b euro ) would make it so germany needs to call the troika . 
  after all taking debt atm is dirt cheap . 
  also germany needs people to fill apprenticeships aswell, 
   the only parts which would have any significant ammount of germans at the time of annexations , would be that narrow pard around lidzbark . 
  which , after a brief look on the map , makes a rather small portion of the territory annexed by prussia . 
  areas around pozna\u0144 or warsaw were as polish as you could get - being the core parts of poland and all . 
  oh yes that was plain wrong i as mostly thinking of the first polish partition which was basically the land corridor to east prussia . 
  it was also definitely a landgrab because it was convenient . 
  it was also done to prevent russian hegemony over poland . 
   partitions were primarily a russian-prussian deal and the final phase of 70 years of joint russian-prussian efforts to undermine the polish state , austria joined on it late only to not miss out on free landgrabs . 
  i read it that during the great nordic war russia started to gain more and more traction in the area and poland was slowly dwindling away in terms of power partly because the polish-lithuanian commonwealth became more and more unable to act because of the liberum veto in the polish parliament . 
  to naot unnecessarily provoke the two other great regional powers that were bordering poland in austria and prussia they were `` given '' to them . 
  for austria it was in part to recover from losing silesia earlier on . 
  also sure russia and prussia were interested in keep a vaccuum of power in poland to preject their own power into it which led ultimately into the later partition . 
  another big part were the constitution of poland which massivel enraged catherine ii.then prussia thought to strike profit aswell and annexed further territories under the threat of leaving the alliance against france with russia . 
  well stettin ( i just found out that the polish name for the city speaks out extremely similar to the german prounounciation even though it looks a lot differen ) was destroyed that mucdh because it was a big important city . 
  under the nazi regime stettin was expanded to be the third biggest city by area in all of germany . 
  the nazis only really wanted to fuck up the city when it was clear it would fall to the soviets i think . 
  it is really nice to see the rebuilding happening these days at least . 
  projects like rebuilding the frauenkirche in dresden are important . 
  it is also great to see that you can now travel between the countries freely . 
  i think it is time to finally overcome the old differences and without the cold war this should be finally possible , 
  the thing is you also have a moral duty who help people that flee from war . 
  also there is simply a shortage of workforce . 
  there are still 100 000 apprenticeships spots that were left vacant . 
  this is also not about islamic extremism but about helping people that flee from that islamic extremism . 
  the is still killed vastly more muslims than people of other faith for example . 
  this is also a lot deeper than simply `` social justice warriors '' or `` leftist pricks '' , this is very very deeply ingrained into german society . 
   it was ruled by poland for way longer than any german state . 
  there also was n't much left of it after the red army destroyed it in 1945 . 
  i am truly sorry , i wanted to write if it is debatable if it historically a polish city . 
  today i certainly wo n't doubt that it is a polish cities . 
  it just was historically under heav german influence . 
  another big problem with debating what is `` german '' is fairly hard because for the vast majority of history there simply was no history . 
  germany was just a collection of smaller states that all spoke a somewhat similar language . 
  also yes the polish partitions were bad but to be fair the parts that were annexed by prussia had a fairly big part of germans , but the bigger reason was for sure the desire to connect to east prussia by land . 
  also you should n't leave out austria . 
  austria was also in on the polish partions . 
  i do n't know about your cuntry but that we do n't want to repeat the xenophoby of that time and that we do n't want to be associated with racists and that we can not be like that in germany is a fairly big part for a lot of people . 
  it is the prime reason i would say why it is not socially acceptable to be generally against refugees and immigrants, 
  generally i would say our media is pretty neutral . 
  depending on where you watch , listen to or read you will get different views . 
  the public channels broadcasts unbiased news in my oppinion or at least not politically biased ( there will be always a cultural bias for example you just ca n't leave thta out but that should be fine ), 
  poland and germany have probably the most . 
  the prime difference is that under the german flag millions of soviets were killed unlike under the polish, 
  thanks for posting that !, 
  it is just sad to see what became of all the cities . 
  i am really glad to see tho that german-polish friendship is coming together . 
  at least the cities in current day poland are cities again . 
  i personally am most sad what came off k\u00f6ngisberg the city of people like immanuel kant . 
  the thing is this is not about a current problem . 
  i do n't want those cities back i just feel like this is swept undre the rug so much and it just happened that the majority of german soild that was taken was given to poland . 
  i also do n't think we need to make a competition of who had it worse under the allies . 
  the biggest thing i think is that the soviets behaved like assholes . 
  my grandpa is still happy that he ended up in the american zone rather than the soviet zone . 
  or maybe they just wanted jobs ? 
  see germany was in a crippling depression before hitler came into power . 
  people just wanted to lead their lives . 
  because giving out a decree that you have to leave but you seize the private possesions is humans . 
  there were hundred of thousands f casualties . 
  there were two million women raped . 
  nobody is saying the germans treated the poles well but saying the germans were treated like humans is cynical, 
  to be fair fascism originates from italy, 
  well according t wikipedia in 1923 the city of danzig had 335k inhabitants 327k of them german . 
  also i would say it is debatable if it is a polish city . 
  it was ruled under the german order and the german hanse and was later again part of prussia . 
  but did t gdansk have 95 % german population before the war ? 
  well gemana doesnt have large parts of formerl german territory in it . 
  also in schleswig holstein we have the same for the danish minority . 
  also do you think the cleansing of 13 million germans and 3 millions from western poland is not wrong ? 
  these were civilians . 
  see this is exactly the same what the nazis did . 
  i just think you should see it as morally wrong . 
  a few as in 12 - 14 millions ? 
  i think everybody knows the crimes against the polish but it is really rarely taught about what happened to the germans . 
  or do you think it was right to , seize property of germans to deport them ? 
  see two wrongs dont make one right, 
  no i certanly wouldnt .
