  see in germany every year die somewhere between three and four thousand people in traffic ( somehow these numbers have been sharply declining compared to 11.000 in 1991 ) . 
  life is dangerous and people die , but that should n't keep us from living a good live edit : did not die on my drive to the supermarket , am safe home !, 
  well france just approved air strikes against syrian territory . 
  also it is really nothing particularly new that it is possible to acquire good faked passports, 
  no it is completely normal to feel that way , but that does n't make it a rational fear . 
  see it is still way more likely to die in a traffic accident than to die in a terror attack that may or may not occur . 
  also in general if a terrorist is determined to commit an attack acquiring a fake passport is certainly one of the lesser issues, 
  is it something new that it is possible to buy good quality fake passports ? 
  it matters to see if a certain group of crimes is especially prevalent under asylants and to tackle these specific issues . 
  oh i certainly do n't wish for it . 
  i just with how the events currently line up it seems pretty much inevitable, 
  it 's fine i just get the feeling these days that a lot of stuff is applied to germany even if it is not necessarily german, 
  that has nothing to do with germany . 
  that is from the un refugee convention, 
  it does not matter at all to the victim . 
  maybe i am looking at the topic a bit too academically sometimes, 
  for the purposes of the present convention , the term `` refugee '' shall apply to any person [ ... ] [ ... ] f . the provisions of this convention shall not apply to any person with respect to whom there are serious reasons for considering that : ( a ) he has committed a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity , as defined in the international instruments drawn up to make provision in respect of such crimes ; ( b ) he has committed a serious non-political crime outside the country of refuge prior to his admission to that country as a refugee ; ( c ) he has been guilty of acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the united nations . 
  from the un refugee convention so there are exemptions just extremely strict ones, 
  doesnt hungary ask for them to register and file for asylum in serbia ? 
  if they did n't they wo n't be let in . 
  if it is still pending they have to wait . 
  if it got declined chances are hungary will decline it for the same reason . 
  they can basically only get in if their asylum process was fraudulent in serbia which obviously leads to less claims, 
  i am just waitng for the first refugee will die on the hungarian-serbian border . 
  the drama will be huge, 
  socio economic weighting matters because people with a poor backgrounds generally commit more crimes . 
  now people that seek asylum generally have more of thes poor socio economic influences is general so the crime rate among them is expected to be higher than in the general populace . 
  the question now is if you adjust for these do you still get unusually high crime statistics and if yes in what part of offences and you know which to tackle . 
  also the us might not set a precedent to strip a country of its veto rights and the us uses its vetoes right a lot aswell, 
  well they still got more than enough to blow the world up with alone their nuclear weapons . 
  see we may not like it but the military threat that russia can pose is still enourmous and on that level it certainly is a world power . 
  is it a crime so severe that it should carry something that could very well be a death penalty ? 
  they did n't even seriously hurt anybody, 
  how do you want to return them to a country they are threatened for live tho that is directly contradicting the un refugee convention , like / u/fluchtpunkt pointed out . 
  you do n't use your human rights because you commit a crime . 
  the article says the two persons attacked an employee and then came back and threatened them with pepper spray and apparently a machete . 
  during the attack they had neither the pepper spray nor the machete tho according to the report, 
  do we have a good statistic on crime commited by asylum seekers weighed against the socio economic issues they undoubtedly have ? 
  a ruling that basicall just fucks greece hungary italy and spain while it is impossible to get to germany ? 
  russification one hell of a drug, 
  not behind the iron curtain so western europe, 
  historically yes but you shouldnt forget that after ww2 the soviets purged all germans from these territories and then put them behind the curtain which opened some big differencew . 
  historically czechia especially has a lot of history especially as part of the holy roman empire, 
  berlin was west german in part, 
  i think the former gdr is the only exclusion from that rule because it basically got annexed by the fdr . 
  also berlin as a split city is probably a poor example anyways, 
  the projected 1 million is only the number of asylum applications . 
  probably more thmah half of those will be declined, 
  germany has a fast track process for those from the balkans so they can decline them wuickly to free up ressources, 
  what is if i am more of a moll guy ? 
  well that was my point that leters that are written the same sont necessarily give the same sound . 
  maybe i worded it poorly, 
  well you might noice the split already goes along the line europe was split 25 years ago, 
  well he was in east germany under the kgb and was married to a german teacher and his daughters were attending the german school in moscow, 
  read the full statement where meekel said that all syrians are welcome ... 
  airstrikes on cities kill people a lot more efficiently than executions, 
  honestly i doubt that there will be war . 
  maybe the eu will split/dissolve , but i doubt there will be armed conflict in europe . 
  yes , but you can not exactly anticipate what will happen to the statement and especially how heavily it will be twisted and that statement was twisted incredibly hard . 
  i also feel like a lot of it was deliberately missinterpreting it, 
  english also is prounounced extremely inconsistently in general . 
  in german if you know how the letters are pronounced you can generally tell how to pronounce a word even if you had never seen it before . 
  not so much for english, 
  to be fair her statement got massively twisted by the media, 
  ungarn is hungary in german . 
  you are not required by the dublin agreement to deport to the country of entry you can also cancel the asylum process in that country and continue the asylum process in germany . 
  this was done to relief pressure on states like hungary , greece or italy and it was also deemed inhumane by the german `` bundesverfassungsgericht '' ( like the german supreme court ) to deport refugees back . 
  she never said she would suspend the dublin agreement for finland , but she can very well say that germany will not dpeort refugees under the dublin agreement back to their countries of entry the message is in my oppinion very clear if you take the time to read or listen to her entire statement . 
  she very clearly said that the deportations for syrian refugees under the dublin agreement by germany will be suspended because of the reasons i mentioned above, 
  she said what she said partly because of political pressure , but you also have to still see that she said only that the dublin process for syrian refugees will be temporarily suspended for syrian refugees to relieve pressure on entry states such as greece , italy or hungary, 
  you may move to another country to look for work tho, 
  yeah , but see i think i got checked exactly one time in the last 10 years and that was when i was driving home at 1 am . 
  you just get more lenient with that kind of stuff . 
  there sure are reasons why you should be carrying it around with you all the time and i do most of the time , but well you just get asked for it so super rarely, 
  yes technically you need it . 
  the thing is if you do n't get checked ever usually you just tend to not pay much attention to it . 
  yes , but if you never get asked for it it becomes somewhat unimportant . 
  see i should be carrying my id with me all the time aswell in germany , but i never ever need it . 
  the same goes if you regularly drive over the border to austria . 
  i guess people are just used to not having to bring a passport . 
  see i am an adult by now , but i am young enough to never need papers to travel within europe . 
  i think he should be fine tho especially because the controls were installed on short order and he is probably driving a car with a german plate and speaks german like a native, 
  the habsburg state was part of the holy roman empire , their rulers were the kaisers of the hre . 
  most of them as in 99 % + declined, 
  they can leave to work in germany as they wish under eu law, 
  they dont hav the right to kick you out under eu laws . 
  also it may very well be ruled unconstituional to leave residents out on the street in germany, 
  dutch is easier . 
  at least written dutch , spoken is a different animal, 
  thats why quotas would send the majority of refugees to countries like germany or france ... 
  orban literally said that hungary has a 1000 year long christian tradition and that they do n't want their country to change . 
  in the meanwhile hungary is dissolving the camp in r\u00f6szke trying to get as many refugees out of the country into austria before austria has increased the border controls enough . 
  this is just so much against the spirit of he union and i do n't think such behavior should be tolerated at all . 
  also if you want to look at what is inhumane take a look at what is going on in some of the hungarian camps ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2015/09/11/hungary-abysmal-conditions-border-detention ) . 
  it is just inhumane and completely ignoring principles like not discriminating based on religious belief . 
  and saying that hungary does not want muslim people in its country is discrimination based on religious belief . 
  just imagine the outcry if in the case of civil war in israel germany would proclaim that they do n't want jewish refugees ... 
  yes and by the day i feel more and more that the eu might dissolve . 
  also it is quite laughable when a country like slovakia says it cant take in 1250 refugees when my own city is taking almost 50 times that . 
  see i think we need solution and i think that a lot of what my government proposes ( setting up hotspots and redistributing refugees across europe ) is very reasonable , but it just gets blocked more and more sometimes these days i just wished there was a union that was more a union of equals .
