  in general what you are argumenting for is the extremely strict french model of seperation which is in my oppinion is not optimal or well not always the most practicable . 
  i personally think a middle way where the speration of church and state is the desired state , but there is no ideological obligation to make it absolute . 
   well do you have proof of god or allah , because i have proof that producing meat is much more energy consuming than producing vegetables , even per calorie . 
  http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/78/3/660s.full it does not mattter if it is true or false . 
  it is a tradition . 
  it is a belief and why should it be my business ( or the states for that matter ) what other people believe in ? 
   read my previous argument . 
  if you honestly believe that there are no scientific arguments for a vegetarian diet ... you should reanalyse the topic . 
  then maybe i should rephrase what i meant : most people that chose a vegetarian diet do not do it for sound reasoning either in my oppinion . 
  and why would it matter at all if fears are idiotic ? 
  people fear terrorism aswell , you have irrational fears , i have irrational fears ... 
   that you 're not a secular state . 
  it 's kinda obvious you know . 
  germany is more or less a secular state , though less on an ideological way . 
  i would argue that religion plays a very very small role in the german state less so than in almost all other states . 
   it creates a logical disonance . 
  religion is a private matter , it does not intervene in the republic 's institutions . 
  the republic does not recognise any religion and as such can not offer any break or any rooms for students with religious beliefs . 
  that seems like an idological absolutism to me one that is in a dissonance with reality and in reality religion exists and our states grant freedom of religion . 
   of course they are different . 
  usually people are vegetarians because they have a strong empathic tie with animals . 
  or they believe raising animals for consumption consumes too much energy . 
  a vast array of reasons that have logic behind them . 
  and you have religion because you believe in god or allah or whatever . 
  most religion is rooted in tradition as you said though . 
   being accomodating to religion is like being accomodating to people who dislike any food that is red . 
  it has no logical , scientific basis and you think ... why ? 
  it is like accomodating people that do n't like any meat in their food , that has also no logical scientific basis ... 
  right , but i think we can agree that this disproportionally affects muslims ? 
   likely it was implemented alongside other rules such as phasing out creationism and the works to reinforce the fact that our schools are secular and our church-state seperated . 
  right , but i do not think it violates the seperation of church and state in a meaningful way to provide a room for prayer during break . 
   what the muslims suggest is that the rule is changed to allow prayer , it is not evil school administration that has changed a rule to disallow prayer , prayer was already disallowed the schools simply did not enforce it . 
  it is an old rule that was not really enforced anyways and now somebody comes up and enforce it again . 
  i would say that the more reasonable thing would be to just drop the rule . 
  i just do not get what the school has to gain from having prayer banned . 
   i have never seen a school with such rooms , why are they not used ? 
  and did you forget about `` no children allowed inside during break '' ? 
  you should go to your local school then . 
  you will find that every school has not every room occupied at the same time ...  by then it 's too late because then your only options are : give pastafarians pasta and room . 
  and next week when the hindus come given them a room and ban all beef . 
  by then you will have a vegetarian school because pork has been banned already . 
  oh and no more milk for lunch !, 
  might get in contact with porkbeef and then it 'd no longer be kosher !, 
  take the room back from the muslims , prepare to get slaughtered in the media do n't give preferential treatment to anyone in the first place . 
  the last option is obviously the correct one . 
  again how about we try to be reasonable . 
  if there is a suffient number of pastafarians that need a room to meditate well there is probably space . 
  same for a place to meditate during break . 
  if they want to eat pasta every day they can bring some from home and if hindus ( or muslims for that matter ) do n't want to eat pork , well tehy just do not eat pork ? 
  if they do n't want milk they do n't have to drink milk ... 
   but it does hurt me , that room can not be used for something else that 's right , but practically there are rooms that are not used at a specific point especially during break . 
  or do you not think that there are always empty rooms ? 
   and then next week the pastafarians demand pasta for every meal and a room of their own , too . 
  so then we talk about that if it comes to that ... 
  the goal is just to be reasonable and not take some ideology to its extreme . 
  i am not exactly sure what your attack on my nationality is supposed to mean , but whatever . 
  anyways i do not think that taking an ideology like laicism ( which is more where you are coming from to me ) to its logical extreme , but rather the goal should be to be reasonable and live together the best we can . 
  see i am not a religious person , but i have friends that are and what does it hurt me if they leave for 5 minutes during break and do their prayer ? 
  also state and religion are still sepearted you are just accomodating for people . 
  like you provide vegetarian meals in the canteen ( and at least to me the choice of your religion is not really that much different than the choice of being a vegetarian ), 
  so then we should also just not care about vegetarians just offer one meal ? 
  i just do not see an issue with accomodating for people if it does n't hurt me . 
  what do you not understand about that ? 
  apart from that being unconstitiutional what good would that bring ? 
  that would be very reasonable . 
  as far as i understand it though they ban praying in its entirety whic his not fine to me . 
  i just see no harm in people praying during break . 
  if you can accomodate them without much issues why not ? 
  that is massively exagerated . 
  do you think that giving a kid 5 minutes to pray when there is a break regardless in any way excessive ? 
  and how do any of these interfere with providing a room that is empty regardless ? 
  do you really want to tell me that it is imposible to find a small unoccupied room in a school ? 
  at my school at least there always were some empty rooms at all times ... 
  as far as i know the danish constitution has freedom of religion enshrined in it though . 
  you mean like doing your praying during breaks and not during class ? 
  which other religious group has asked for being able to pray and got declined ? 
  why is allowing people to go to an empty room to pray during break against secularism ? 
  no , but a school already usually has rooms and not all of these rooms are occupied at all times . 
  what special treatment do you need other than the little effort it takes to organize it ? 
  like offering vegetarian meals ? 
  what does it hurt to give a room that is n't occupied anyway so they can pray without disrupting others ? 
  so then you make a compromise that they can pray , but not during class ? 
  who is getting hurt by that ? 
  to encourage segregation and foster intolerance ? 
  it is disproportionally affecting one group though . 
   that depends what they 're scared of . 
  scared of another crisis , scared of the economy turning worse and needing reserves for that , scared of losing their jobs even when unemployment statistics show extremely low unemployment . 
  scared of not having enough money saved for retirement . 
   if you can tell them that they will lose a certain percentage of savings every year by not investing ... well , that changes things . 
  sure , but higher inflation usually means higher interest rates . 
   we do n't have that inflation because the german financial elites refuse to let the ecb create it . 
  the ecb is trying and it is failing at taht . 
  also `` the german financial elites '' have fairly little influence concerning the ecb illustrated nicely by the current ecb policy ... 
  the soviets were ideologically not nearly as far away from the west in the 70s than turkey is from us now ? 
  honestly that is kinda laughable . 
   so your solution is to keep the value of money even higher so that there is even more savings which just worsens the cycle . 
  the point to me is that you have to restore confidence somehow because for all i can see the economy is in a decent shape , but everybody is behaving like we are on the brink of crisis . 
  and scared people do not invest as much . 
   a little bit of fear of losing out is healthy to stimulate growth . 
  obviously it 's all in degrees and nobody wants anything even close to even 10 % , but a few percent a year is about right to encourage enough risk taking to keep an economy vibrant .
