  look at what the russians are doing in syria and how the american administrations have ( not ) reacted to that effectively leaving syria as russian sphere of influence . 
   the $ crisis is in a similar situation where what has been done amounts to pushing the can down the road , putting a band aid on the situation in hopes of keeping the problem out of sight , out of mind . 
  this is because anything else would have incurred more risk & cost more political capital , meaning it 's again a failure of leadership . 
  it 's difficult to say with certainty what a correct course of action could have looked like , but the situation is not sustainable . 
  i guess the point is that a good leader is one who can find a solution and then advocate for it in such a way that both convinces others to come on board and that resolves the situation . 
  but there is no good solution to the euro crisis at least i am not seeing one . 
  the issue is that all sides seem so insistent that it is impossible to find a solution . 
  greece is insistent on staying a part of the eurozone while the western lenders with germany at the forefront do not want a transfer union . 
  schulz also has no solution to that problem . 
  the only thing i could see changing under him that he would be willing to simply give up the german position and establish a transfer union . 
   it has been hard enough to communicate doing nothing as well . 
  we did have pegida , still have the afd , there 's brexit which is somewhat directly related to the problem , and even trump rode on it and might not have won without being able to use the situation in europe . 
  saying nothing is done is just disingenous though . 
  we have seen things done on the refugee crisis . 
  at first germany tried to bargain for a refugee redistribution within europe . 
  then when that failed merkel set up the turkey deal with erdogan and has now been creating deals with other north african government to prevent the inflow . 
  again there is no better solution here that is proposed from schulz . 
  just more of the same quota bullshit that failed . 
   do n't you think that it is in our power to anticipate and prevent such crises ( libya / iraq / syria / migration , $ , climate ) in the future ? 
  and how do you think we 're going to do it without changing the people at the top ? 
  how long is it going to take , and why are you happy with it ? 
  of course these could be anticipated . 
  in fact all of these crisis were anticipated and predicted if one was listening to the right people . 
  preventing these is a whole differnt beast though and i think requires political capital that nobody is able to offeer . 
  do you really think that if you asked germans in 2013 , if they thought it would be a good idea to take hundreds of thousands of refugees that that would be a good idea ? 
  do you think people would have supported a full blown intervention with boots ont heg round in lybia or syria ? 
   maybe it 's an ideological difference . 
  in my mind , the future does n't just come around for us waiting for it . 
  it is made happen if and when people get to work on and push for it . 
  that 's why i 'm looking positively at change . 
  i do not see why schulz should be any better at doing this though . 
  honestly i feel like the main difference is that you are more idealistic than i am here . 
   hard to say . 
  i do n't believe for half a second that putin would have gone to war against nato countries , or that he would have stood a chance had he opted to do so . 
  putin doese not have the choice here though . 
  a tougher response would have essentially been to deploy nato forces in ukraine which could very easily have escalated into armed conflict . 
   it seems to me that he 's posturing and correctly betting on us not doing anything . 
  i 'm in favour of harsher economic sanctions if nothing else . 
  i know that the german population is roughly split to 30 % each being content with , wanting more , or wanting less sanctions . 
  what matters to me though is that we let russia chip away at another one of its neighbours , as it has done for years . 
  the issue is that this is risking war , if you were to exclude russia from something like swift . 
  the whole issue is that it is simply dangerous to corner russia . 
   i 'm against military adventurism and i am against nationalist , which is why i am against letting russia get off the hook here enough so that it feels like it can continue on its escapades unimpeded , as it has . 
  and the cost of failing to draw a clearer line is that russia will continue to push , salami tactics . 
  then i do not understand why you are in favour of just letting russia do as they please in syria . 
  you are at the same time saying you want a harder push back against russia in ukraine which i can get behind , but then also saying that you would be in favour of backing assad and russia in syria ? 
  it is certainly an interesting project . 
  i 'd just be worried that it is a politically nigh impossible project . 
  it certainly would hve potential to heavily benefit the central asian post soviet republics in particular . 
  it also seems to be problematic to go through the more instable regions in the middle est. 
  this entire plan seems to require good russian-european relations to work . 
  that seems like a great potential idea , but probably simply fail due to political reasons . 
  this seems like an attempt to unite eurasia against the us in particular , which is something a good part of europe would not be willing to participate in . 
  we only had 3 in one year . 
  only natural causes though . 
  has made a nice german word : dreikaiserjahr . 
  funnily that menat that as long as the german empire existed the only year that the emperor ever changed was in 1888, 
   none that come close in prominence to merkel and schulz , that 's true . 
  and schulz ' positions are n't clear yet . 
  that does n't mean that such people would n't be a boon . 
  just that we do n't see them right now , which in itself is arguably a problem with the current political system/landscape . 
  i dont even think that it would be a problem if the spd would n't have clear positions for campaigning at this point . 
  after all the cdu does n't either . 
  the issue that the spd already did start campaigning largely . 
  i can also agree that clear alternatives would be good and i think that the spd clearly commiting to rrg would help give such an alternative , even if i would dread such a government personally . 
  on the political right the afd sadly is blocking attempts to form a black-yellow coalition . 
   i disagree strongly . 
  it 's not massive when compared to what 's needed . 
  it barely goes beyond keeping things from falling apart . 
  massive investment would be something akin roosevelt 's new deal , a true investment in the future . 
  the difference is that the new deal came in a time of greatest economic hardships . 
  it would be insane to create massive spending programs like that right now . 
  we are effectively at full employment in parts of the country . 
  i also do n't know about you , but at least for me it feels like you ca n't even drive 100km without encountering multiple building sites . 
  our neighboring town here built an entirely new school just very recently . 
  what kind of investements do you think would be good enough ? 
   what do you mean by this ? 
  basically the issue is that money is available ofr investments , but there is not the capacities to plan and execute these projects . 
   quality and efficiency of the bureaucracy both in governance and local administration & education . 
  the freedoms it affords the people . 
  migrant integration efforts . 
  of course perfection is n't a realistic goal , but i 'd hate to hear that the current state is the best we 're capable of producing , or worse , that we truly are content with it . 
  the largest issue i am seeing with this is that different entities are pulling in different directions so much . 
  take the recent deportations to afghanistan for example , where some states simply refused to execute them . 
  take thuringia where a convicted criminal migrant , with a denied asylum application , could not be taken into deportation custody simply becaue there were no capacity built by the state . 
   it has done both - first one , then the other . 
  what it has n't done is anticipated or solved the crises ( eu financial & migrant situation ) . 
  right it has n't solved these crisis , because fundamentally the nature of these crisis mean that germany can not solve them on its own . 
   i do n't think we 've prevented much of anything in eastern europe / ukraine . 
  most of that was done by ukraine itself when it turned out that its population was n't as welcoming of putin as he may have hoped and put up enough of a fight to make further invasion costly . 
  we still failed to do right by ukraine on the crimea situation , which is yet another crisis that remains unresolved . 
  there simply was also not a democratic majority in germany or the rest of nato to fully intervene there and risking a war of nato aganst russia over ukraine also just does not seem worth it . 
  what do you think would have been a more appropriate reaction ? 
  do you think the policy to avoid war especially by steinmeier was wrong ? 
   gendering is nonsense . 
  pushing harder for environmentally sustainable energy production and consumption is n't ( and phasing out nuclear before coal has slowed us down here ) . 
  right , but as you said the phasing out of nuclear , which was one of the core green tenets , the way it was done cost us a lot in that regard . 
  but it turns out that the safe option is n't really safe at all , it only appears that way because we do n't have a good grasp of larger scales . 
  we should 've drastically cut back on fossil fuels yesterday . 
  we should 've done more to ensure better integration of migrants years ago , including finding ways of helping fellow eu members .
