  expanding the eu for the sake of expanding the eu has also not really proven to be a good thing in my oppinion, 
  why would germany not allow the uk to exit ( this article literally has our finance minister saying that we have to respect the decision of the british people ) and how should germany even do that ? 
   the reason why your paltry military defense is sufficient is because most of your defense needs comes from being a glorified us protectorate . 
  our defense strategy is based around nato , that is right but it is also completely unreasonable to provide a suffiient defence for our country on our own without breaching the npt . 
   why should we in the us give a rat 's ass about the ukraine , the baltics , or belarus . 
  we do n't . 
  only reason why we bother is because we are responsible for the defense of europe . 
  some of us would much rather not need to bother with it . 
  but we have to , because you all wo n't protect yourselves . 
  no that 's not how it works . 
  you do it because it retains you influence in the region and because a stable westwards oriented europe is also good for the us . 
  you also want it to contain russia . 
  no of course not , but there were two cases of rape and the police is investigating and we can not send people to prison without due process and his post sounds like asking for lynch `` justice '', 
   `` if the majority in britain opts for brexit , that would be a decision against the single market . 
  in is in . 
  out is out . 
  one has to respect the sovereignty of the british people . '' that 's nicely put . 
  you would prefer just putting all muslims up against the wall ? 
  and i think like this we would see nato fall apart should the us leave and create a new western european alliance . 
  so can you tell me how a country is supposed to provide sufficient deterrent under the npt ? 
  also defence and global power projection are two vastly differing goals for militaries and one of these requires less money . 
  can you tell me by the way what the giant threat to nato is , that we could n't repulse united ? 
  well if the us wants to do that fine , but that wo n't hurt western europe as much . 
  if anything such a move would only hrut eastern europe . 
   is that the troops you send are such a pitiful amount it seems like new zealand deployed more help during wwi against the ottomans than y' all do to protect europe . 
  yes the us has a vastly larger military , but you also have a vastly differing military doctrine . 
  also obviously new zealand sent more troops to fight against the ottomans than germany . 
  also bulgaria sent more troops to fight france than the us did ...  if only to force europeans to budget more for their own defense , and to allow us to cut back . 
  against which threat is our military defense not sufficient ? 
  we would probably have to push for an even closer alliance with the french to make sure there is nuclear deterrent ( because germany is not allowed to build nukes ) . 
  maybe this will lead to a restoration of russian power though . 
  do you really think that western europe could or would commit to an intervention to a lmited war in the baltics or ukraine or russia fully annexing belarus, 
  germany already had a lot of political power regardless . 
  it was more the crisis causing everyone else to not push power . 
  also greecee for example also interfered in inner german issues ... 
  things like a limit on deficit spending apply to anyone . 
  also greece threatened not to pay so the eu threatened not to lend greece any more money if they do leave table . 
  it was also not germany that held the toughest stances it was eastern euroope . 
  we cant keep greece from trying to simply not pay its debts we can only point out the comsequences and offer to help them out as long as noboody else is willing to at conditions nobody else would give them if they do reform . 
  also again the ez backed that deal . 
  would it have been better to let greece fully crah and send the red cross for humanitarian aid , as was even prepared ? 
  also for these changes do not forget that these countries are the ones that are lending money at very favourable conditions . 
  what do you expect ? 
  german taxpayers being all like `` oh you fucked up . 
  dont eorry we pay the bill '' . 
  what would you see as fair ? 
  well it has been quite a while since we had agovermnt that was not moderate, 
  uhm why ? 
  probably not any more representative of all germans than retirees , but obviously most of those wo n't be on reddit . 
   because they are hampered in how much they can act , mostly due to german interference . 
  you have to just look at the absolutely massive scales of qe in the us and uk to get an idea of it . 
  yes because that was never the point of the ecb and the ecb is already also performing quantitave easing on a fairly large scale . 
  in theological writings in the 19th century ? 
  at least that is what wikipedia says . 
  but it is n't stimulating inflation . 
  we also have low inflation in a fairly large part due to a low oil price currently . 
  also loose monetary policy to the point where it is fueling a housing bubble , loose to the point where people can not save for old age anymore is not good . 
  see it is not me that this is hurting bad it is my parents generation those that have to save up for retirement , but are not getting any interest anymore , while we still have rising prices . 
  it also just is n't good for confidence if the monetary policy is that loose for that long . 
  what happens now if another crisis were to hit ? 
  ( and we are already fueling a housing bubble currently ), 
  well the ecb is really making a point of trying to make everything but property cheaper ... that 's like saying that americans got richer at a very brisk pace previous to 2006 due to the rising house prices, 
  where are the free speech paragons now?t, 
  there is no crowd laughing supposed to be prevalent in these kind of clips . 
  but it was not just of insults . 
  it was a parody of race theory and it also was so obviously hyperbole . 
   the whole surrender monkey trope usually just identifies people who are absolutely clueless about history before ww2 . 
  or people who just want to make a joke at the expense of the french . 
  i certainly do not think that poland is responsible for ww2 . 
  that is madness . 
  i do see it however that what was done after ww2 to germans in the territories annexed by poland ( and other germans in eastern europe ) was unjust to the people . 
  i do not believe that western poland belongs to germany this day , but i also do not believe that it belonged to poland at the end of ww2 . 
  these territories were pretty much entirely populated by germans . 
  note that i do not mean the territories acquired by germany during the war but rather the borders as they were after ww1 . 
  i am also just not fond of just seeing everything that was done to germany as right , but that does not mean in any way that i condone what the nazis did ... 
  well certainly better clinton than trump, 
  well i would think that it is more likely a ukranian citizen overstays a visa than a russian citizen . 
  there is war in ukraine not in russia . 
  i am really not sure i would take that website as a reliable source of information on russia or rusian citizens . 
  clinton seems like the most likely candidate currently, 
  do you become a british citizen simply by being born in britain ? 
  well this year is very possibly the last time her being # 1 with clinton overtaking her if she becomes president, 
  you do not have the same rights in the eu as eu citizens do . 
  russians for example also do not have the same rights , even if they also may be europeans . 
  a number of german city centers faced destruction of significantly more than 70 % , also a number of large cities . 
  that was not exactly polish policy in the interwar period . 
  well that candidate may very well be a german though . 
  also there simply are way more german votes than say slovenian votes . 
  if everyone could vote for anyone germany should have roughly 39 times the weight of slovenia because that would mean that there are 39 times as many german votes as slovenian votes . 
  true but that political structure is pretty much the embodiment of the friendship, 
  the idea is pretty pointless as long as the diferences are so big . 
  i could see such a federation with the founding members of the eu and then some more , but not with the behemoth it is now . 
  the only thing i would really prefer if for elections for the institutions in europe the vote of every citizen in the eu counted the same . 
  like in a way where every vote actually has equal power ? 
  where germany gets 200 times the voting power of malta ? 
  nrw alone has a larger population than the netherlands, 
  that it is better to be friends than enemies . 
  the idea of the eu . 
  german and dutch are also very similar . 
  they are turkish nationals .
