  in general you can just call in and say your child is ill . 
  if they did that chances are good that nothing ever happened . 
  the school can demand doctors notes though , but generally i do n't think they demand those without specific reason if you are only gone for a day, 
  how is it unjust to enforce compulsory education ? 
  compulsory education is common in germany since the 19th century . 
  the parents also would probaly have not gotten in any trouble if they just sent the kid to school that day , but they just left him at home . 
  but that is on facebook then, 
  should multinationals just be exempt from national law ? 
  it is also not like these are in any way new laws, 
  why though ? 
  he wouldnt jave much chance at becoming chancellor, 
  maybe you should look up `` blut und boden '', 
  you are parroting nazi ideology ? 
  you know the nazis are done ? 
  serbia is in mena ? 
  say another scenario where russia and turkey are starting a war to restore their sphere of influence in eastern/southeastern europe . 
  do you think that in a scenario where there is no widespread use the eu could fight the russians when tactical nuclear weapons or other more local weapons of mass destruction are used ? 
  and i think the assumption that russia would use tactical nuclear weapons in a conflict does not seem too far fetched . 
  i do not think that it is reasonably likely that the eu could stop such an alliance from achieving these goals . 
  is n't gmt the same as utc ? 
  so you would want to expand the number of nuclear powers under the npt ? 
   european armies are more than capable enough to handle any conceivable threat . 
  i kinda doubt that european armies can handle any conceivable threat , but that of course how you want to define `` conceivable '' . 
  i do not think that without us aid europe could defend a large scale russian attack at least not in a scenario where we see a large number of nuclear weapons fired, 
   i 'd say , avoid the areas they cross from . 
  at this point you are ordering ships to stay away from areas where people are more likely to be in distress which at least is very questionable . 
   they have nothing which could even pose a threat . 
  their military is a broken shell , and for a billion or two in bribes we could keep them well in hand . 
  well we encouraged the destruction of the central government in lybia though to distribute these . 
  also they do n't pose a threat to us is not really a good argument for invasion . 
  ukraine also could n't be a real threat towards russia for example . 
   sure . 
  if they get to the coast of sicily , they can get rescues . 
  but this ferrying them from the libyan coast needs to stop . 
  so we should stop having ships all over the med sea ? 
   war is armed conflict . 
  there would n't be armed conflict . 
  do you really think lybia would not react if european ships just started offloading people in their harbours ? 
  also how do you want to seize the harbours without armed conflict ? 
   i suggest pulling back to european waters and letting whatever will happen at the libyan coast to happen . 
  that still means ships close enough to respond have to . 
   i said libya , not syria , and i said nothing about waging war on them . 
  merely sail into their harbors . 
  it 's not like they could stop us l. and what other than war is occupying foreign soil ? 
  `` the german army is not waging war on belgium . 
  we are merely marching through their territory . 
  its not like they could stop us . '', 
  uhm no i certain , y dont know everything in the treaty . 
  i would count myself to the 99 % i am justt inclined to believe experts, 
  any sort of maintenance in a house . 
  gardening in summer . 
  getting wood . 
  helping preparing meals . 
  going getting groceries . 
  the problem is most poeople that seem so violently against ceta have no real clue what ceta is realy . 
  or rather most people have no clue what ceta really is . 
  you can rile up public oppinion against something that people do not really understand quite easily . 
  remember that poll where 41 % of polled americans were in favour of bombing agrabah ? 
  uhm russia has been more militarily active since the sanctions at least in my perception . 
  look at syria . 
  also some sanctions are fine . 
  even some heavier sanctions , but you can not corner russia too much . 
  russia has too much hard power for that . 
  i would also certainly not say that russia is divided . 
  at least from the outside russia seems very united, 
  the eu does allow that in principle . 
  it is lybia that does not allow that and people these days just do n't think that wars of conquest are no longer cool . 
  also sending people to where they risk inhumane treatment also is forbidden under eu declaration of human rights, 
  so you suggest it is a good idea to just let people drown and not respond to calls for help from vessels experiencing distress at sea ? 
  you know that every captain is obligated to help a vessel in distress ? 
  also do you seriously suggesst to wage a war against syria with the goal of gaining control of their shoreline ? 
  i probably do n't have to link you to the laws against wars of aggression in germany i guess ... 
   do n't stop until the nation is bankrupt . 
  you know that that will only lead to war ? 
  and not one just contained to ukraine . 
  more tothe complexity of the agreement, 
  so what is your alternative ? 
  the spd lost massively after schr\u00f6der ... 
  not just centre left . 
  centre right also did a lot of good . 
  germany was governed by centre right during the vast majority of post war germany . 
  and 99 % + have no real clue of what ceta is ? 
  languages and ethnicities generally have a state they belong to in europe . 
  and yes i think it is right to put all germans to germany and all greeks to greece . 
  things like russia with kant or turkey with homer dont make much sense . 
  if the state does no longer exist we have successor states . 
  neaples for example to italy , same for romans . 
  the swiss are quite distinct i think . 
  the thing is being german for a long termprimarily was a language/ethnicity thing . 
  see someone might have been bavarian , but also german , just as i am a german but also a european . 
  it 's the mess you get from there being two german speaking countries in austria and germany . 
  would be a lot simpler to just call all these people german , considering they saw themselves more likely as german than as austrian or as both at least . 
  german and austrian national identity just is a bit difficult, 
  because braunau a. inn is in modern day austria, 
  euler also has a strong case, 
  i mean rousseau is also quite famous , though i thought he was french . 
  after all he was one of the most important philosophers of the enlightenment . 
  there is a very solid case for euler , but rousseau is not unreasonable, 
  the stupidity when you go after modern borders . 
  a number of the people on this map also were german/austrian despite being listed at other countries,
