  i think it rather speaks for her overall that she is able to change her position when circumstances change . 
  you do n't have a better party to vote for though and the cdu will definitely work more towards limiting people coming to germany , whether that will be through a fixed upper limit or other measures . 
  still seems unlikely to me that he wins if he doesnt backpedal on these statements, 
  maturity on greek debts has been extended over and over again . 
  fresh money was tied to reforms though , reforms that have only been implemented sluggishly in greece . 
  what you are advocating here is simply the north financing growth in greece out of their own pockets and just hope that everything goes right and that greece will not simply just stop reforms again . 
  the greek economy is contracting because the greeks states finances simply collapsed after years of excessive deficit spending that simply could not be maintained during the 2008 crisis , which led to bond rates exploding . 
  also the possibiliy of a debt haircut was always on the table . 
  just not the possibility of a debt haircut while greece remain part of the ez, 
  firstly about the export surplus because that is soemthing i see thrown around a lot . 
  the thing is that is only one indicator for macroeconomic imbalances . 
  right now the eu looks at these within the macroeconomic imbalances procedure . 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure ) . 
  there you can also see why people tend to point more at the perephery because the imbalances there are more severe than in say germany . 
  you also have to realize that the high german surplus is in good parts the result of ecb policy and the euro simply being undervalued for germany , something germany on its own can do very little about . 
  now for reforms roughly everybody agrees that they want to reform the eu . 
  they just ca n't agree on what nature that reforms should be . 
  also at least to me it seems that a large chunk of the reforms that especially southern europeans seem to demand always includes just taking a grab into the german coffers . 
  germany also undertook pretty harsh austerity and competitive reforms itself , reforms that every other european country could also have undertaken during the 00 years which most did simply not do . 
  the notion that germany wants to lead is also simply wrong in my oppinion , we simply were forced into a situation where we had to take the lead due to the weakness of our traditional partners . 
  no it is not getting the loans back that worries me . 
  i just do n't think throwing more good money after bad money wo n't help . 
  well you are so insistent that german money should be spent for this , so it is only natural that you also would not mind british moeny be spent on this . 
  the point is i do n't want german money going down that drain and you are critisizing me for that while at the same time also not wanting to have any british money go down for this . 
  so then if you insist on moralizing people i urge you to call to your british mep and tell him that you really want the uk to funnel some money into the greek bailouts . 
  surely that would be no problem ? 
  well you can call your mp to make sure the uk participates with money towards the greek debt relief . 
  we also have consistently seen maturity extensions on greek debt . 
  greek bailout loans also all offer well below market rates while not demanding payment for 10 ( ? ), 
  years . 
  you also have to shrink the greek public sector simply because it was far too overblown . 
  the rest of the union ca n't expect germany to pay even moreso than it is already doing . 
  we also already got a lot of cockblocking coming from ee, 
  if schulz does n't go back on these he will lose a lot of support . 
  germans are pretty united in their opposition to eurobonds, 
  this is not about spiritualitity . 
  it is just that if you create a system of excessive spending and then a crisis comes along and collapses that pyramid scheme you will have to make cuts if there is no willingness to lend money anymore, 
  a car is something you often purchase with cash and car dealers often offer a rebate for cash payment ( because it removes risk for them ) . 
  and how wou , d greece even finance that policy ? 
  nobdy was buying greekmbonds anymore . 
  we were at 40 % interest . 
  that is just what can happen if you engage in deficit spending at all times and not just anti cyclically . 
  at some point nobody buys these bonds anymore . 
  it is also not the eurozone that is facing recession . 
  it is only parts of it . 
  greece is not italy though . 
  and italy is pretty much split in half economically, 
  as big as in 1939 ? 
  well i agree and the proposal was more far reaching than just redistribution but exactly as you said to really solve the issue . 
  because one is a primary surplus , that simply excludes interest payments , and the other is a general deficit . 
  for comparison in 2015 greece ran a deficit of 7.2 % . 
  and of course you could form a spd led coalition with the left . 
  and voting against the union on such an important matter would have to lead to that . 
  parliemantary democracy relies on coalitions and if you do n't uphold them they are worthless . 
  it would mean an end to the grand coalition and breaking one of the most important pre election promises of not entering a coalition with the left . 
  how should the union trust the spd if they were to go against the coalition treaty in an important matter ? 
  because schmidt informed them before he held the speech that he lost the confidence in the coalition and would ask them to form a `` konstruktives misstrauensvotum '', 
  so you would argue that in 1982 it was the fault of the spd that the fdp broke the coalition ? 
  if you agreed to not do so in the coalition treaty it would consist breaking the coalition . 
  no but undecided voters might care about being able to trust the party on its promises . 
  the party pledged to not enter a coalition with the left before the elecions . 
  do you really believe it would not have hurt the spd to simply throw that promise out of the window ? 
  yes i know that quote . 
  and yes i know that it could happen quickly . 
  it could also take decades more though . 
  i also agree that that trust is gone now , that trump recklessly plays with global security . 
  it really leaves me under the impression that he simply has no clue of what he is doing . 
  against the union ? 
  yes ? 
  that would have been breaking the coalition if that was not part of the coalition treaty and the union was opposed, 
  and you do know who is the biggest supporter of a proper succession system for the dublin system ? 
  germany . 
  merkel . 
  we wo n't get a single european army without a single european state which will not happen anytime soon . 
  the idea has too many issues otherwise . 
  for example who would ultimately have command of such an eu army ? 
  what were to happen with the force de frappe ? 
  the us bases will also stay here for the foreseeable future unless the relations detriorate singificantly more . 
  which is not forming the government . 
  sure the spd could have broken the coalition treaty or their promise to not enter a coalition with the left , but that would get them punished in the following election . 
  and what is necessary to do that in my oppinion ? 
  for example increasing military expenditure and being more open towards actually using the military is something i would not expect from a left government , despite that being necessary to reduce us influence . 
  to do that we have to become independent militarily from the us . 
  i 'd also be much rather doing that together with the french than the us . 
  i also do think merkel also provides the clear opposition to russia that we need right now more than ever if the us is warming up with russia . 
  i would not say there is a 0 % chane of that happening , but right now it is too early to say that and over all it seems pretty unlikely to me right now, 
  the status quo is that greece has to get its budget controlled and approved by the eu in order to get more cheap money and get the extended maturities which eseentially amounts to debt forgiveness . 
  it is also not like we tried just bailing them out with less harsh measures first . 
  there just were no reforms coming then and even now the greek government refuses a good chunk of the steps and is still not eliminating cronyism and still not enforcing taxes properly . 
  merkel arguably was not chancellor in a period of stability though . 
  merkels chancellorship in fact saw and is seeing a lot of turmoil that the german government has navigated well . 
  germany is among the most unscathed countries from the 2008 crisis . 
  she also reasonably navigated the euro crisis and was mediating in the greek debt crisis pushing for a more middleground approach in the end . 
  we saw merkel leading the charge for necessary change during the refugee crisis . 
  we saw germany help by taking in hundreds of thousands of people ourselves . 
  germany was and is one of the countries that is pushing the most for a reformation of the dublin system to not have the border states with the refugee situation alone , but have the union work together only to have that stifled by large parts of the union . 
  germany created the eu turkey deal to buy time , germany took in people to buy time . 
  but ultimately all that can only buy time for a proper european solution , one that a lot of countries seem unwilling to take part in if it results in them also taking on additional responsibilites . 
  also saying that merkel is not in favour of further european integration is frankly just bullshit . 
  what merkel and the german population is opposed to is just opening the coffers though .
