  they are probably glad that they do n't have such regions at their borders . 
  i guess now we just need someone who wants to lead ? 
  remove our soldiers from incirlik . 
  germany is looking into potentially moving to jordan right now . 
  we just need an alternative zo incirlik before we move, 
  well the ecb apparently can employ monetary policy that selectively targets the problems of southern europe . 
  now if tax cuts are a good idea or not is a question for another day . 
  the thing is that the state should not collect excessive taxes . 
  these are coming from the people and should provide for the people . 
  also for the towns and local muncipalities that is local issues not a a general issue and one that does not have much of anything to do with federal policy becaue it concerns the towns . 
  it would make the german trade surplus , that seems to be such a massive concern for so many people , go down . 
  it is what would naturally happen . 
  it is just artificially prevented . 
  if the ecb is implementing policy that massively devalues the euro it should not critizize the side consequences of that . 
  you are just repeating your claims yet not bringing up any arguments for why these hold true . 
  if the competitiveness reforms in germany were the reason for the high unemployment in se we would have seen unemployment there go up in the mid 2000s when germanys unemployment started to go down significantly . 
  yet what did happen was that the unemplyoment really only got sky high once the banking and euro crisis hit . 
  it also does not make a lot of sense that an employed person in germany is taking a job away from an italian when that job is in germany and not in italy . 
  also even if i am repeating myself , germany has repeatedly urged the ecb to take measures to get the euro to appreciate which would lead to the german export surplus being reduced . 
  the german government has to make fiscal policy for germany . 
  it does not have the power or the mandate to do that for all of europe . 
  i did not know unemployment i the rest of the ez rose in the mid 2000s before the banking crisis hit . 
  that was when we saw the measures in germany really manifest their effect . 
  the unemployment we see in the rest of the ez is the result of not taking competitiveness reforms , of not managing the pre crisis boom properly . 
   8 % current account surplus . 
  that is not with the ez ... 
  and germany has urged the ecb to take measures to counteract that . 
  it is absolutely not germany that wants the euro to be this cheap . 
  germany simply does not have the power to create an appreciation of the euro . 
  then the ecb should maybe employ monetary policy that does not lead to such a surplus . 
  germany can not appreciate the euro on its own, 
  ok so firstly please do n't conflate these issues so much that only have a very limited overlap . 
  universities for one are a state matter as of right now and while i 'd be in favour of changing that it is still the way it is . 
  this means though that it has nothing to do with federal fiscal policy . 
  as for the roads we have seen a large infrastructure package created only recently . 
  there is also a ton of building going on already at least where i live ( lower franconia ) . 
  there is also nobody saying we should make sure wages are suppressed , but the state does n't dictate wages outside of the recently introduced minimum wage . 
  that surplus money in my oppinion shoukd go into debt and tax reductions, 
  and what happens when interest rates rise again and you have to re finance these loans ? 
  juust have the next government worry aboit that ? 
  she better not . 
  the renaming of the barracks is already stupid actionism, 
  so people in your oppinion should just spend all the money instead of saving for retirement for example ? 
  you do know that the most vocal criticism of the ecbs monetary policy is coming from germany ? 
  tze monetary policy is going directly against what would be good for germany, 
  uhm the german air force is still the liftwaffe . 
  luftwaffe is just german for air force, 
  political integration will have to come fitst, 
  it is just that there are way more important things than the question of if there is a crucifix in official buildings, 
  and to be honest it is a stupid policy, 
  that was the most likely outcome the enitre time . 
  also unstable times outside of germany are speaking for merkel . 
  because obviously csu policy in bavaria in the past decades was a disaster as evidenced by the situation here !, 
  let 's hope that the left does n't make it in !, 
  and roughly 65 % of all imports are from within the eu, 
  no because some people save for when they get old . 
  or because people have to live from that when they are old . 
  and loosing a few thousand in interest per year can hurt quite a bit . 
  the eu also has not denied negotiating an fta . 
  just not while brexit negotiations are going on, 
  and that would be nice but so far the uk positions seem highly unrealistic, 
  that was at its introduction . 
  unsurprisingly a weaker currency makes imports more expensive . 
  people are also pissed at the super low interest perceived as taking money from your normal saver . 
  the higher exchange rate also made competing on quality only more important . 
  you buy german beer in germany . 
  i mean pilsen is in czechia, 
  one of the reasons people did n't want the euro because they wanted to keep the strong dmark, 
  i think sch\u00e4uble and macron might have very different ideas of what such a finmin is supposed to do . 
  how is sch\u00e4uble populist ? 
  he is popular , but what hallmark of poulism doese he hit ? 
  this is also not at all about throwing europe away . 
  we ca n't have europe at any price though, 
  i do n't dispute that specific piece of information . 
  in fact i restated it in the post i made . 
  still varoufakis is not a good source as he is extremely biased politically . 
  that is not nearly as big a bargaining chip as reunification . 
  giving in also risks the future of the union . 
  there is only so much german voters will put up with either . 
  merkel already used quite a bit of political capital to even get the current pact for greece throug against more hardline positions, 
  i did n't want to take the most extreme example possible, 
  these electoral districts only matter for there being a representative for the region though and not at all for the actual seat distribution in parliament . 
  the parliament is proportionally distributed by the party votes . 
  in the german parliament seats are allocated 100 % proportional to population , ignoring the 5 % clause . 
  the dutch parliamet is fully proportional . 
  these systems are just better . 
  we are not comparing to most of the world, 
  or you could just assign votes according to population and not according to state lines :o, 
  that entire system does not work without a federal state though . 
  to quote the americans : `` no taxation without representation '', 
  so if say the governments of bremen , saarland , mecklenburg-vorpommern , hamburg , thuringia , saxony-anhalt , schleswig-holstein , berlin and rlp were to decide to say that the more citizens a state has the more refugees he must take on would be fine with you as that are 9 german states , no matter that they represent barly over a quarter of german population ? 
  that is the same system as in germany . 
  still everyone says that merkel and schulz are running for chancellor . 
   but do you think it would benefit were the eurozone or eu to end ? 
  you ca n't believe that germany would be immune to the damage that would cause . 
  no i do n't , but i also do n't believe that it can be right to be willing to pay any price necessary . 
   i mean the eurozone ca n't continue in the state that it 's in now , it needs reformed . 
  well nobody can agree on how those reforms should look like . 
  at least to me it feels like a lot of countries just want money , but are not willing to give up power . 
   you ca n't simply take the benefits of it without giving anything back .
