  you can also just not foresee every eventuality . 
  i do n't think russia will make a move either , but i honestly just suspected that someone who thinks that the eu states wo n't come to aid in case of a russian invasion , would think of such an invasion be fairly likely . 
  i know the reasons why russia is unlikely/won ' t to invade europe , but i do n't think it is bad at all to have contingency plans , just as i am sure russia has plans for a nato invasion of russia , which to me is absurd , but is probably less so to many russians . 
  what classic fascist move ? 
  you have rules that clearly do n't work and if everyone agrees to that you can change . 
  also all the eu can impact is the eu benefits of a country . 
  these are what it could ( and should be able to ) revoke . 
  how long i think the russian military would need to defeat poland without foreign help ? 
  rather weeks than months . 
  that is of course under the assumption that no nuclear weapons are utilized . 
  i am no military expert , but i am sure enough that the polish military is no match for the russian military . 
  as to how russia can start a war against poland : you go through belarus into eastern poland . 
  there is a large land border there . 
   modern day russia has no resources to defeat anyone with military in top 20 powerful armies in the world , even if tomorrow eu , nato and everyone else encourages putin to invade poland he will not , because he fucking ca n't do it . 
  yeah that is just delusional . 
  if russia really wanted it could pretty much dismantle any amry in the world besides the us and possibly china . 
  for some ( think uk , france , india , china ) the costs might be enormous though and most would be destroyed even without nuclear weapons being utilized, 
  the eu is the eu states at least militarily . 
  saying the eu will not support poland militarily is completely obvious if you want to say the eu as an institutions . 
  that is because it literally does not have a military . 
  i 'd be also very skeptical if removing the us hurts the capability of nato to fight a war in eastern europe more than removing all eu states . 
  what should they expect ? 
  russia got sanctioned over that . 
  aid was sent to ukraine . 
  after all ukraine is only our problem to a very limited extent . 
  there were no alliances with ukraine, 
  you could for example create a motion to simultaneously apply the procedure against both hungary and poland and argue that you only need the other 26 states to do that because after all you are stripping these countries of their vote . 
  makes not much sense if they can veto that . 
  if you get enough of a critical mass of power behind such a notion who can stop it ? 
  what the eu can do to kaczinski is to strip poland of all eu benefits , not more but also not less . 
  i also think that while there is a lot to do the situation in poland and hungary is still a reasonably big priority and you can work on a lot of things simultaneously . 
  they also made a move on syria . 
  and both ukraine and syrian rebels got western support . 
  so do they really think that the us on its own without cooperation of eu states would defend poland ? 
  because there is not much left of nato when you remove the eu members . 
  that is plain ridiculous, 
  if you really believe this then why has russia not made a move on poland yet ? 
  the procedure that is being invoked against poland right now was created as a response to what happened in hungary . 
  i also disagree that the eu is essentially toothless here . 
  where there is a will to act there is also a way . 
  respect ? 
  sorry , but that concept can go both ways . 
  it is also completely direspectful to just throw out the agreed rules . 
  if poland wants to leave it should go ahead and do so , but then also accept that that means no more funds . 
  if poland wants to stay it has to accept the rules of the eu . 
  also at its core one tenant of the eu always was ever closer integration . 
  far before poland even joined . 
  if poland wants no part in that fine with me , but you do n't get to just pick what you like . 
  no deficits are pretty much always in % gdp, 
  if poland does not want anything to do with the eu they are free to leave . 
  if they do n't they have to accept the rules though . 
  at the moment poland seems to be hellbent on alienating its allies though, 
  why does the polish government thinks it is better to be without allies ? 
  do they really think they are strong enough on their own ? 
  if there is this would be almost definitely in german . 
  the question is how much of that neutrality exists anyways considering finalnd is part of the eu . 
  like how sweden ravaged northern germany ? 
   it 's the same if your army only has one purpose : defense . 
  which ties in to your last point which i agree with completely . 
  it is not if said army has been repeatedly used to `` defends us abroad '' . 
  if you ask people if they would defend germany us in finland you would get a lot more people saying yes . 
  i think the biggest issue with questions like the one posed above is that `` would you be willing to fight for your country ? '', 
  canhave vastly different connotations depending on country . 
  in finland that might mean for most people to defend against russia , but in germany a good chunk of people will think of afghanistan and iraq when posed a question like this . 
  defending is entirely uncontroversial in germany , just not a scenario most people talk about because it seems very unlikely that germany gets attacked directly . 
  that has been the core of the german forces aswell since ww2 and is enshrined in our constitution . 
  the issue is that at some point reality kicks in and that is no longer viable . 
  in fact i think germany is hugely behind your position still . 
  it also means that only in few states elections matter much . 
  my vote in dc , california , utah or texas just wo n't matter nearly as much as if i were to live in florida, 
  voting thessholds can play a role . 
  cdu/csu almost had a majority last election with 41 % of the vote, 
  that is the point of having these first past the post elections locally though is n't it ? 
  in 2013 of these direct votes in germany 191 went to cdu , 45 to csu 58 to spd , 4 to die linke and 1 to the greens, 
  it is fair to say that a majority of germans do not support cdu/csu . 
  that is a completely unrealistic goal though for germany to get a majority of germans rally behind a single party . 
  that will just not happen . 
  here is a graph of the share of people that are satisfied with the governments work : http://imgur.com/a/uyhze we have elections coming up next year and roughly 48 % said in a poll from last week that the cdu/spd is good for the country as the coalition that is seen as best by most ( and also the current government ) . 
  overall i would say that in general people seem to value a sense of continuity a lot more here in germany . 
  the desire to have change for the sake of change seems weird to a lot of people . 
  the way german elections are set up it is also a lot harder to have upsets like in the us , simply because you have to always form coalitions . 
  in the end a good chunk of people want more left leaning policies than the current government and are dissatisfied due to that and a good chunk wants more conservative policies . 
  the german government is pretty much the definition of a center government . 
  it can happen in the eu parliament . 
  votes in the small countries are worth more than those in the big countries, 
  interestingly that was theoretically possible for a while and was one of the reason of the last reform of elections . 
  basically in germany you have direct candidates and list candidates . 
  list candidates were proportional to the number of votes . 
  the issue was that if a party say won 35 % of the votes overall , but won 80 % of the direct mandates they would have been 40 % of the parliament . 
  these days the other parties in that case just get additional seats so you shrink the party share back to where it should be . 
  33-34 % for cdu/csu unless you look at insa ( and not the 5 other pollsters ) : http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/index.htm also that leaves the cdu/csu still as the largest party by quite a big margin . 
  and a lot of people would also agree, 
  the polls are looking like merkel is going to win though ... and easily at that . 
  not like it was the first president of german descent tho, 
  you should stop just watching fox news, 
  there is nobody that really compares to le pen in germany . 
  petry if you want but she is nowhere near as popular, 
  that kinda depends . 
  i think there will be a push for further military integration though . 
  if the japanese people were to see a requirement to acquire such weapons i am fairly certain they would and could do that rather quickly .
