  for example turkey shooting down that russian jet increased the probability of a nuclear war between russia and nato . 
  now granted that risk was still very low , that action still increased a risk . 
  an increase in risk just does not have lead to something being a high probablity of happening . 
  edit : another example : if i decide to walk down to the city now instead of staying in my place and watching some netflix i increase my risk of being run over by a car , but that does not mean that if i walk down to the city i will be run over by a car . 
   us leverages nato and their protection in exchange for economic interests and influence in europe . 
  if you undermine us interests , it 's pretty naive to expect the same kind of nearly unconditional protection we have now . 
  there will be more strings attached , because why would n't there be ? 
  you are forced to agree either way . 
   i do not think the us can leverage anything out with nato . 
  we are living in a time where there is no serious threat to our security from a military point anyways and even if the us left we 'd still have france at least as a nuclear country backing us , with their doctrine of using nukes once it looks like poland is lost . 
  obviously if the us would leave nato you would have to tighten the military cooperation within europe . 
  the us certainly does not have that giant leverage militarily against western europe and i honestly doubt that the us are willing to give up their large bases still here in germany . 
   nobody has to invade if they can dominate you economically , and most countries in europe can and will be dominated economically . 
  once foreign businesses are the backbone of your economy , the government will be very limited in what they can do . 
  but the us also loses out a lot themselves if they start trade wars with europe . 
  there still is a giant trade volume and a lot of american companies exporting to europe . 
  granted my look at these matters as a germany are probably different . 
  i do not think the us has that incredibly power over germany any longer and i also belive that our government should not bow should a president trump demand money from us for the privilege of setting up their military bases on our soil . 
  we just expanded the eu far too rapidly into a group of nations that have too little in common . 
  i do not see a problem with sharing a country with states like austria or the netherlands for example , countries that are sufficiently similar to my own . 
  also as an example ofr a rather succesful federation , one could point at germany . 
  the schuman was not signed . 
  it was a proposal by the french foreign minister that led to the treaty of paris that was signed april 18 , 1951, 
  may 9th is also the day of the capitulation of nazi germany, 
  will there be reelections ? 
  or more the millions of soviet soldiers that died . 
  damn i even still speak german !, 
  may 9th is not a great day for that . 
  we should look for something less overshadowed, 
  how are they not asking the people ? 
  there are national elections in every country and we can elect the eu parliament . 
  why is it than that france and germany traditionally the most powerful members of the eu have continually pushed more and mor for making the eu stronger and stronger ? 
  the only of the most powerful member states that is against a stronger and stronger eu is the uk . 
  so how do you think we could `` fix '' the middle east ? 
  how is continued survival threatened by granting people fleeing from war temporary shelter ( until the war ends ) ? 
  well most germans already left here quite a while ago aswell, 
   i very much have this feeling when looking at the current european commission . 
  while i understand ( or at least try to understand ) that people in the commission probably feel frustrated that we are trying to block something what they see as the ideal solution to the crisis , i do n't think that 's the only reason why some of the eu officials feel some sort of resentment towards eastern europeans , specially v4 countries . 
  the issue is that there are so many tiny countries in eastern europe which causes the region to be vastly overrepresented in the council . 
  also i think the big problem has n't been eastern europe voting against western europe , that 's fine , but just actively trying to sabotage a decision that was made by a majority . 
   ever since the fall of communism , there was this teacher-pupil relationship established between the west and the east , and while we very much needed guidance back then , we do n't need it so much anymore . 
  the mentality did not really go away though , or at least that 's my impression . 
  the eu officials still see us as someone who should do the listening . 
  and you 're right , we have n't challenged the west in anything so far , there was n't really a reason to , so the more surprising it probably is for juncker and his team that they suddenly have to face this revolt . 
  but where have been the suggestions made by eastern europe in accordance to the treaties we signed , to the eu charta of human rights , to solve the problem ? 
  all i have seen is states trying to deflect asylum seekers away from their country , but no constructive proposal . 
   i honestly think when looking at juncker and reading some of his statements , that he still see us nice success stories ( look at all the formerly poor backward devastated nations which we so generously pulled out of poverty and turned them into cute little prosperous countries ) , but not as someone who should actually have some part in the decision making . 
  of course eastern europe should have a voice in decision making . 
  the thing is that it is also not right if less than 30 % of the union can stop the whole thing . 
   so then you hear him , complaining about us being part-time europeans , saying we 're uncooperative , but his idea of cooperation is that the commission will ignore all proposals from eastern europe , while eastern europe will accept all proposals from the commission . 
  which proposals did get declined without consideration ? 
   he commission is like sigh , sigh the eastern europeans have still a long way to go . 
  their societies are still so backward ... well , you know , they 're like troubled children , what can we do . 
  i guess let 's discipline them with a huge fine if they refuse to take the refugees and let 's give a few passive aggresive interviews to the press about how dissapointed we are with certain member countries . 
  you have a system where you can decide on laws with a majority that everyone agreed to beforehand . 
  now you make such a decision with a sufficient majority , but the people outvoted try everything to sabotage that decision . 
  is it not correct in your mind then to enforce the decision that was made with a democratic majority . 
  even with a majority in a chamber where eastern european population is heavily overrepresented . 
   western europeans claim we are just in the union to get money and `` when it 's time for us to give something , we guys are n't home . '', 
  when was there another crisis though where western european countries even wanted help and eastern europe came to help ? 
   if it is greater than just an economic union than what is it and what binds nations to obey legislative directives handed down from undemocratically elected officials with no connection to a specific people who would be adversely affected by those laws the eu treaties they accepted when joining . 
   is n't it unfair or even `` culturally insensitive '' to blackmail poorer ee countries into adopting certain social policies to be able to enter an economic treaty that for all intents and purposes benefits the already established west the most ? 
  if that is a critical point against joining then do not join . 
  i do not think giving more opt outs is a good idea and certainly not on such a basic thing as the eu charta of human rights . 
  i do not think that countries that do not sign that should be part of the eu . 
  the eu definitely is significantly more than an economic union . 
  you have eu policies in a lot of places actually . 
  for example that all ( non-apple ) smart phones have the same charger is an eu policy . 
  that we are switching to the same plugs is an eu policy . 
  the way the nutritional facts on food are eu policy . 
  energy policy is also touched upon by the eu , that was what brought south stream down and what my bring north stream ii down . 
   greece and italy are schengen border countries , and as such they have certain responsibilities in regards to keeping illegals from entering the schengen area . 
  they signed up for schengen and must step up to the role this implies for them , instead of literally helping the migrants get to austria or germany . 
  absolutely agree . 
  that is why we need new treaties that do not just encourage these broder countries to look away as the dublin rules do  second , if there 's truly no possibility of even a limited military intervention , we should pursue deals with local friendly nations to set up such refugee camps under joint supervision . 
  something like the deal with turkey that people were bashing on ? 
   if europe makes it difficult enough for migrants to come ( instead of taking refuge in the nearest safe country ) , there 'll be more pressure on neighbouring states to step up to their role . 
  we should help them in that role . 
  yes we should help these countries and as far as i am aware european countries have upped their contributions to the unhcr , but that does n't relieve us from the obligation to help those that come to us . 
   about deportations : that 's exactly why i was speaking of political will instead of simple lip service . 
  right now germany and austria barely deport anyone yes the system is completely overburdened in germany , but there certainly is political will to deport these people , just as it happened after the yugoslav wars . 
  what makes you think this is purely lip service ? 
  the problem really is that the german bureocracy was not prepared for such an influx of people and is not great at fixing that and not that there is no policial will, 
   and should nations be forced to follow these values forever ? 
  even if future generations no longer share the specific values that their ancestors felt compelled to sign off to ? 
  no , but then these countries should abandon these treaties and stand the consequences . 
   while maintaining democratically enacted policies that represent the true values and beliefs of a population in a given nation ? 
  these countries agreed to ceding that area to the eu though, 
  i am asking countries to follow the moral principles they all signed up for aswell in the european charta of human rights and the geneva conventions . 
  all those eastern european countries signed those aswell . 
   a family that cares for 5 adopted kids while they leave their biological children to take care of themselves is retarded . 
  yes and nobody is asking for that ... 
  how does it not solve the crisis ? 
  having all the countries take a small share in an orderly fashion seems a lot more sustainable than the current approach, 
  and why would greece and italy want to turn their countries into giant refugee camps ? 
  why should we put the burden on hosting hundreds of thousands of refugees onto those two countries only ? 
  what incentive do italy and greece have to play along ? 
   we should simultaneously pursue the establishment of small but well equipped safe zones in syria or in the general middle eastern region and which europen countries is going to send their soldiers to die for these `` safe zones '' ? 
  how else are we going to enforce these without launching an intervention in syria ? 
   lastly we need the political will to deport migrants who illegally entered european countries and a fitting , active policy .
