  because that is effectively what would be neccesary, 
   this is the most farcical of all . 
  you could have helped several times the numbe if you had helped increasing the humanitarian situation in camps . 
  easily . 
  can you explain to me how that solves 200 000 people in hungary marching towards austria and then germany ? 
   that is true to an extent . 
  failing to protect a border is more failure of will though . 
  do you expect only the border states to stem the entire amount of people ? 
  they literally got overwhelmed . 
   holy shit , his/a body guard killed him . 
  this begs the question if this is just one crazy person or if a security or intelligence organization had a finger in the play . 
  that doesn #t seem to be confirmed as of right now, 
  so just to mkake sure i understand you correctly : facebook shoukd be forced to comply with german tax law but not with the ciminal code ? 
  there are limits to freedom of speech and those do n't suddenly go away just because you are on the internet . 
  so you think that internet companies should be exempt from national law ? 
  so you also think that for example facebook europe should not have to pay taxes ? 
  we hold a newspaper accountable if they publish a statement in violation of the law . 
  we should not hold facebook to lesser standards regarding these laws . 
  facebook is mass media and facebook has to be made follow the regulation on mass media . 
  and now we should not hold the internet provider accountable just as we would n't hold the provider of paper accountable . 
  we should be those accountable that publish and that give the avenue to publish . 
  no what should happen is facebook get proper moderation just as every other homepage is obliged to have . 
  we ca n't have facebook stand above the law . 
  should facebook be exempt from national law in your oppinion ? 
  russia has recently only started to modernize its military . 
  also military equipment is not that much tied to how its economy compares globally becaue all of the equipment is sourced locally . 
  the russian military is vastly more powerful than any economy of comparable size . 
  russia as of right now is still the second most powerful military in the world , significantly more powerful than any other european state . 
  for me it is really the open propaganda attacks onto our countries . 
  the kremlin is trying to destabilize the govenrment at least in my country , both by financing the more anti democratic movements aswell as by spreading propaganda . 
  the cyber attacks on the german bundestag are another point . 
  and naturally attacks directed at my country will agitate me more i think . 
  assuming that russia is going to lose power rather than gaining more also seems like a foolish assumption considering how much less isolated russia already is these days how many more allies they can build . 
  and again economy in global comparison is n't as important as long as you are not importing much of your military equipment . 
  another issue i see as a potential issue is that russia stands to lose quite a lot if europe were to move away more and more from oil and gas , that this actively threatens the long term viability of the russian economy as a petrostate . 
  if you are willing to look at the near worst case i think it is a lot worse than the scenario you look at . 
  the near worst case is a scenario where nato and the eu shatter , where we see rising russian influence in eastern europe and possibly a war of agression . 
  we could see ukraine fully absorbed into russia . 
  we could see russia annexing the baltics possibly parts or the entirety of poland . 
  we could see a turkish expansion into the balkans . 
  now this is in my oppinion only not the worst case scenario because it does n't involve nuclear warfare , but a conventionally and electronially fought war . 
  we are closer to a major war than ever since the fall of the soviet union in my oppinion . 
  edit : to expand on the situation in the us a bit : i would absolutely expect the us economy to make gains in the short term due to deficit spending . 
  that is a pretty expected result . 
  the issue i see here that this will provide an ideological boost to trump and putin and that this might help to flip more countries . 
  well yes , but considering the article is in german and people do n't read the articles in general i do n't think that 's too far fetched, 
  if you think people talk more about stopping racist comments on facebook than stopping actual terrorists ( and these same laws also apply for terrorists and are not enforced either on facebook ) you seem to be a bit out of touch with reality, 
  well it doesnt include those not looking for a job but these also dont get welfare, 
  why though ? 
  why should there be informal negotiations first ? 
  what is there to gain from that ? 
  the position has also only been that there can be no compromise on free movement for access to the single market which there can not be . 
  the onus is on the uk to trigger to start negotiations, 
  that differs depending on country . 
  in germany in general life means life , but there is the possibility after 15 years for parole . 
  on average a life sentence in germany means somewhere between 17 and 20 years of prison or 23 to 25 years when there was found an especially big guilt . 
  and in practice that is a lot like life sentences work in say germany . 
  people get sentenced for live and after i think 15 years there can be reevaluation . 
  right , but possible reevaluation does still mean just that . 
  life still means life and people have been imprisoned until their death in germany . 
  the longest sitting prisoner in germany has been in prison since 1963 . 
  and having life sentences as a tool is a good thing i think . 
  i think it is better to repeatedly deny parole though than potentially excluding it from the start . 
  some 80 year olds probably yes . 
  a system that allows for parole , but also allows to imprison people actually for life is good i think for the most part . 
  well it is not on the eu to trigger article 50 to start negotiations . 
  that is on the uk, 
  14 billion euro still buy more things than 4 billion euro . 
  no germany is contributing significantly more than the netherlands . 
  the netherlands may be the only contributing the most as percentage of gni though . 
  pretty funny for a czech beer to have such a thorougly german name like pilsner urquell, 
  so then you support a nato invasion of russia or what ? 
  because if you exclude alternatives where you allow russia to save face you end up with war . 
  it ended up with mostly peace so far . 
  the difficulty is finding a solution that leaves us open for a diplomatic solution one where russia can save face . 
  you ca n't corner russia too much without risking very physical war . 
  we will see a solution where the conflict in eastern ukraine might end , but crimea wo n't go back to ukraine any time soon i would wager . 
  i also do n't think russia could currently sustain the loss of face to lose crimea, 
  there was actually consideration to giving kaliningrad to germany at reunification , but nobody wanted to ultimately open this can of worms . 
  germany historically and culturally is an entirely christian country . 
  as such when it comes to holidays other relgiions of course play second fiddle . 
  the real reason why things like church tax do n't work for muslims the way they work for protestants , catholics and jews is that there is no umbrella organization for muslims like the aforementioned 3 have to register as an entity to collect these taxes . 
   1 ) taxes only increased in the last 9 years , and they increased a lot . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  and the issue with this and the christmas bonus are not the points in itself . 
  it is rather that it is creating an image of greece not necessarily being as reliable . 
  the tsipras government just already lost a lot of trust as a partner at least in germany ( of course largely my impression ) germany profited from the bailouts in so far as greece benefited from them . 
  it prevented a significantly larger crisis . 
  the extended period of low interest rates and the devaluation of the currency also has negative effects in germany like housing prices shooting up and savers getting screwed over . 
  we are seeing de facto fiscal transfers . 
  i would also disagree that the measures have not helped . 
  greece as of right now is not bankrupt , there has been no need to send humanitarian aid to greece . 
  the government budget is no longer extremely negative . 
  there have been massive measures to reduce the burden of the debt of greece . 
  i am certainly not blaming this on all greeks . 
  i am blaming this on the greek government that is responsible for that law . 
  yeah , but you can pay out hundreds of millions of bonus payments to pensioneers ? 
  you can simply not increase taxes even if it was agreed upon to do so ? 
  it is not germany 's job to pay up for greeces fuck ups even if germany paid for a lot of them . 
  do you really think it is appropriate to save costs by releasing dangerous criminals ?
