  and yes if they do n't want to go where they are assigned they can just go back, 
  but are n't young men those that are among the most endangered ? 
  they are the ones that will get conscripted forcibly by militias . 
  they are the ones that die in the civil war . 
   but again that is just me and what i believe due to the geography i live in . 
  here in israel we have that mindset that if you are a young male , you are generally one that should be written to the military or something , especially if your country is under fire with lots of war . 
  and that makes a lot of sense from the point of israel but the situation in syria is not really comparable to the situation in israel . 
  in syria you do n't have big outside threats that you have to defend your country from , but rather militias infighting for control over swaths of the country . 
  this is the syrian government bombarding its own citizens . 
  civil war is just vastly different than the istuation in israel where you were threatened from the surrounding countries all the time . 
  it is probably more comparable to the palestinian conflict just a lot more brutal and not with one side just vastly overpowering the other . 
  you can solve that by just stopping to ask who wants to be redistributed . 
  . you just redistribute anyone and then it should be either go where you are assigned or leave, 
  the problem is for a relocation scheme to work you need everyone to agree . 
  that said the plans on how to fix it already exist , with hotspots to register people and create europe wide databases aswell as then to redistribute people . 
  this just does n't work when you got half europe just going `` not our problem '', 
  the issue was not with him protecting the border , but rather just deflecting everyone simply away from hungary ... 
  yes but not really much compared to its military power , but that is also part of their military strength still being very strong . 
  yeah that moment was really really scary . 
  in general during the collapse of the warsaw pact we only very narrowly escaped a big war . 
   i believe that ms. merkel possibly did not intend that , at least not to this extent . 
  but communication is what the receiver perceives . 
  i can agree on that . 
  communication is not merkel 's forte in this crisis . 
  see putin might be bad but there certainly are also people that are worse . 
  there could come people into power that would really try to rebuild the old su . 
   the problem is not who has , or lack , power . 
  the problem is that the country economically is a one trick pony : they sell petroleum . 
  and prises have fallen 80 % . 
  the country is heading for an economic meltdown . 
  you know that an economic meltdown in russia could get scary very easily ? 
  well that kinda is the point of these hostspots is n't it ? 
   ms. merkel made the mistake to factually invite everyone in the middle east who seeks a better life , or even just some adventure . 
  you do n't really believe this , do you ? 
  germany ca n't force policies onto other nations tho . 
  you can see this so well during the whole refugee crisis where germany is trying to create eu solutions , like creating the quota system and trying to implement registration centres so we can get rid of this chaos , but the eu simply does n't work without cooperation . 
  even if , there could very well come more hardline people than putin into power . 
  honestly it is a miracle that the su went down without a war . 
  what could have happened if the attempted coup in the su in august 91 had suceeded ? 
  may i ask what the problem for tureky with an independent kurdistan is ? 
  is that being proposed on turkish territory ? 
  please do n't take this as offensive i just honestly do n't know . 
  and exactly that solution ( which by the way is the solution that `` those parties who absurdly circlejerk in their lack the will to implement sensible immigration policies '' are fighting to implement since this clusterfucks started ) is locked out by countries unwilling to participate in redistribution . 
  is n't the problem rather that the eu simply does n't have the power to act ? 
  then the future for schengen and the eu looks very bleak . 
  it is really saddening to see how many countries are willing to sacrifice that much to not have to take a few thousand people . 
  it is the paradox of very little soft power combined with one of the biggest militaries in the world . 
  they also fell down so rapidly from the soviet union just thirty years ago . 
  i do n't think if russia were to collapse the power vacuum were the biggest problem , but rather that this could very easily end in war . 
  what could happen for example if the military seizes power in russia ? 
  but has n't this crisis shown so greatly why this does n't work ? 
  right now we have a few countries , like germany , austria or sweden with housing these people and greece with having all these people come through the country . 
  i am actually glad that germany took some of the powder out of the situation , i honestly do n't want to imagine the situation if countries tried to enforce the dublin agreement after it basically already showed that it is n't viable . 
  because if people actually realized that it might actually work . 
  that is the paramount problem , that is why we even instated this redistribution system . 
  honestly it is quite flabbergasting to see that so many people actually see the solution that it has been out for months at least and yet we are unable to implement it . 
  i just do n't get why people are so incredibly opposed to having redistribution when it is one of the only ways to have the burden not only on a few countries and to actually get this crisis solved, 
  it passed but it is n't executed . 
   that 's the thing , if we actually cooperated we would all have less problems in the long run , we could have even avoided this back in 2011 . 
  but apparently the idea of european cooperation died at some point . 
  apparently somewhere last summer/autumn, 
  the uae also has 84 % immigrant population ... 
   states should be provided with the option `` to choose '' from people . 
  some nations would only like to get christians , some ( albania , kosovo , bosnia , etc ) would like to get only muslims , some would like to get women majoritily and some mainly youth . 
  these options shall be possible for states otherwise the system could lead to unnecessary and avoidable social tensions . 
  also who gets first choice and what happens to those that nobody wants ? 
  i think if anything a blind distribution is the best idea , simply because european states wo n't reach an agreement . 
  see in germany refugees are also just redistributed across the states wihout worrying which ones go where and that is just the best to make solutions actually workable, 
   in this case guard borders , seas and processing centers . 
  hold on to people and take identity information and biometric data . 
  start processing people for relocation along the eu if valid for asylum , and if not keep them until we can negotiate repatriation agreements with other countries . 
  well but you got the relocating scheme blocked . 
  also those reception centres simply do n't exist and i can see why they are bad from a greek/italian view . 
  they simply are bad for those countries if redistribution does n't work . 
  that said i think the solution would work if the european countries were cooperating ( also this is pretty much exactly what the german government has been advocating for months ), 
  would you agree that it were a fine solution assuming that redistribution is working ? 
  yes , but greece and italy do n't want these camps simply because they can hardly work without a quota distribution . 
  what is your solution for those that get granted asylum ? 
  well yeaht here was this solution with hotspots and a resdistribution across europe , but apparently that 's a terrible idea , i have yet to hear a better one though . 
  do you expect germany to deploy soldiers in greeece or what ? 
  uhm , no ? 
  germany and russia are not friendly and have n't really been since merkel became chancellor ( in 2005 ) . 
  nordstream is also seen mostly as a business project these days even if retiring to gazprom made people really hate schr\u00f6der . 
  then can you post me that quote ? 
  when has there been an invitation by merkel ? 
  i agree tho that the eu should have prepared for this but up until this summer all countries including germany were just going `` not our problem '' aswell, 
   north korea seems quite successful in avoiding it . 
  i wonder why . 
  china, 
  then how would you describe it ? 
  how is a city that is primarily inhabitated by germans and where german is spoken not a german city ? 
  yanis varoufakis is not exactly an unbiased source . 
  also greece did heavily overspend . 
  what else should have been done ? 
  how else could a humanitarian crisis have been avoided ? 
  greece and hungary were simply not following the conventions of dublin , not that they could have but still . 
  if not for germany we would have had the whole situation blow over in summer in greece and hungary . 
   for instance , lots of the anti-polish government stuff is totally dumb and hypocritical . 
  especially when the german government and media denounce the polish governments ' shift away from democracy and freedom towards totalitarianism while germany is doing the exact same god damn thing at the exact same god damn time . 
  this is one example .
