  well before even my parents were born , it has to be acceptable to just talk about this these days . 
  i am not condoning the actions taken by the nazis , i am not condoning the soviet annexation of eastern poland , but at the same time why does that mean that i have to approve the actions taken against the german civil population ? 
   your way of cherrypicking definitions is also quite dishonest . 
  annexation in the realm of international law normally implies `` a certain measure of coercion , expansionism or unilateralism on the part of the stronger of the merging entities . '', 
  it is not simple `` political transition of land from the control of one entity to another . '', 
  you have to look at the historical context of the event . 
  and there was absolutely a high measure of coercion . 
  the land was completely occupied . 
  it was also a completely unilateral exchange ( you ca n't really dispute this , there was no german party in the discussion ) . 
  expansionism , now this is one thing one certainly could doubt , but even if you would say that this was n't at least part of the motive here ( a claim which i would reject , there certainly were motions of this in part of the soviet and polish side here ) it would still make it an annexation . 
  i also know the history of the german ostpolitik . 
  i am merely stating that what happened in these territories was unjust and that it was also against international law and i do not agree that violations against international law justify violations against international law . 
   your comment pretty much ignores the stupid fuckery regarding polish borders i am not discussing the eastern borders here which i fully agree was completely wrong too , but my point was about the western border of poland hence no point about the eastern border, 
  these territories had not been polish in a thousand years . 
  these cities had very little to do with what once were polish settlements . 
  on the same side would you say that annexing the netherlands by nazi germany would also have been justified ? 
  after all these are also historically german territories ? 
  or that annexing south western france was justified ? 
  is marseille a german city because it was under german control a thousand years ago ? 
  i am not disputing that the annexed areas are polish these days , but i wish people would stop repeating this story that there somehow was a rightful polish claim to the vast majority of territory given/annexed to/by poland after ww2 . 
  because frankly that is just propaganda . 
  if you want we can look at a map from 1000 : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c8/holy_roman_empire_1000_map-de.svg and you are right that this roughly matches the polish-german border today ( in fact it is a little more to the west even ) , but would you then also say that there is also a rightful german claim to all of northern italy ( even down to rome ) or to the netherlands , to belgium or to southwestern france ? 
  there of course was that country poland in 1945 though annd it eyists today too . 
  as for who pushed it was the polish government in exile and the new communist government after the war . 
  but i can see that you w\u00fcwould dispute that . 
  nevertheless you can not dispute that poland was at least complicit in these annexations . 
  i am also not condoning what happened in these areas to the people that had to move there but think of it that way : the people that had to leave these lands were fully expropriated and just like yours and your wife 's family also had to leave their homeland for something they had no control over . 
  i am not saying that anything done to poland was good or right , i am simply saying that was done to the german population in these areas was wrong too and that the idea that this was somehow restoring historical polish area is bullshit . 
  these lands for the vast majority were not even polish at the height of the plc, 
  actually in poland only around 8-8 .5 million and maybe half of thta had already fled from the red army . 
  and that still is a mindboggling number of germans that were expropriated and denied a right to return home . 
  the 11 million figure is the number for all of eastern europe and includes also for example the expulsions in czechoslovakia . 
  there is no reason to cite false , larger numberswhen the actual numbers already are absurd, 
  still ridiculously low, 
  of course poland annexed that land . 
  or why is it polish and not german ? 
  which criteria of an annexation does it not meet ? 
  poland also certainly did push for borders further west . 
  that for example is part of the reason why stettin git annexed despite it being west of the oder . 
  well today there are at least only 2 ( 3 ) states and not 38, 
  these days it is a polish city . 
  it was part of the polish annexation of german territory after ww2 , which is also part of why the city did not really get rebuilt . 
  why ? 
  i could see health requirements but there are a lot of great politicans older than pension age . 
  the memel is a river and it is actually the northern birder of kaliningrad oblast . 
  ther really are no moderates in the uk political system or are there ? 
  well wasg and pds merged into die linke . 
  the eu could have done so by massively weakening its own position which as i said was not an option . 
  the greek crisis also had no easy solution and no just having the germans pay for it is not an acceptable solution, 
  if the uk wants to do that they are free to leave the union as they are doing . 
  and no the rest of the eu did n't gamble . 
  it was cameron that gambled . 
  apart from the hiccup between 1998 and 2005 there has n't been a social democrat chancellor in germany since 1982 . 
  many people might also simply not want a red-red-green coalition and vote cdu instead to continue the current grand coalition . 
  and right now a vote for schulz has to be considered a vote for red-red-green and i do not want die linke anywhere near government . 
  letting the uk extort the eu is not an acceptable alternative to brexit . 
  the eu can not just give all sorts of special rights to the uk it doesnt gove anyone else, 
  because red is traditionally the colour of socialism . 
  die linke is a merger of the sucessor of the east german sed and the very left of the spd, 
  within a percentage point or two we should have the results, 
  yes . 
  in germany parties are generally referred to by colours black is cdu , red is spd , yellow is fdp , green is greens , red is linke and blue is afd, 
  and still well below polls . 
  to me this is a vote against red-red, 
  excellent . 
  no red-red and a fantastic result for cdu . 
  well then lets hope schulz wont get elected , but looking at todays results i am more optimistic about that, 
  what concerns are there with rule of law in germany ? 
  and no rule of law and democracy are not just german concepts, 
  quite daring to even link the interview after twisting it like this, 
  other countries are free to run their countries as they choose . 
  there are requirements to be part of the european union though and that includes rule of law, 
  tied for that with tue austrians, 
  with 1000 $ ? 
  you ca n't just take a plane without valid visa, 
  a possiblitiy ? 
  of course . 
  but you also have that if you were to forcibly deport them . 
  and how do you get from afganistan to say germany with 1000 $ , without permission ? 
  ( because you can do this if you can use a legal flight ), 
  and change your fingerprints ? 
  or do you plan to burn these off ? 
  and how do you even pay for all that with 1000 $ ? 
  they are then also in the system and have given the guarantee to not reenter austria for a set period of time ( or at least you have to give such a declaration in germany ), 
  and the government is n't even the one doing the sentences in the first place . 
  that surely sounds cheap ... also a punishment that draconian could be found unlawful ( and would pretty much never be given anyways ), 
  because paying for a deportation is expensive . 
  if they comply and you give them money thats just easier and cheaper, 
  i would not go that far . 
  i can at least imagine scenarios where sch\u00e4uble could be chancellor ( e.g. 
  if merkel were to get assasinated ) guttenberg is done . 
   but seriously , why do you have to be worried about that now , when most bonds go for ten years or more ? 
  because time does n't simply stop ? 
  we will have to repay these bonds in 10 years and generally that means you have to refinance them which could get very expensive otherwise . 
  if we use those bonds today to invest in useful things today , then when interest rates go up , we can just stop investing and issuing bonds then . 
  the state does n't just invest in things that give a yield . 
  a lot of thing s are just sunk costs . 
  a good time for borrowing is usually within a crisis , which is also when germanys debt level massively increased . 
  we are probably going to be at 2007 levels of debt soonish though . 
  sch\u00e4uble is already 74 .
