  as for why everything is cheap and good , i would think that is because that market is really heavily fought over and if you dont like one discounters product you can very easily go to a different one . 
  i come from a town with less than 10k people and we had five different just in thta town . 
  and who determines what a lower quality product is ? 
  so french and german nutella for example should not both be called nutella for example ? 
  they vary significantly in terms of viscosity , due to regional circumstances ( germans and french generally wat different bread ), 
  right , but killing somebody drunk in a barfight is not going to get you sentenced for murder , but for manslaughter . 
  if you want to go fast drive on the autobahn and not in the city center ... 
  nothing stopping you from driving 200 + there . 
  how so ? 
  arguing that the killing was not intentional is i think reasonable and you need intention to hand out a punishment for murder . 
  note that germany does imprison people for life if they are deemed dangerous enough though . 
  there are people that are in priseon for 50 + years atm . 
  wonder what would happen if these far right parties had one strong leader . 
  it really feels a bit like czechia is running parallel to germany these days , economically at least . 
  these are obvious satire . 
  you could also just put ll of reddit as nsfw, 
  because this is not nsfw ? 
  what about it would be ? 
  and strau\u00df was not even in favour of this . 
  for bavaria you 'd get maybe 1-2 % support and from that a lot will be joke supporters . 
  friday is short day . 
  only work until 2 pm . 
  then explain to me where should greece or portugal take the money from to spend ? 
  brazil is about twice the size of the eu area wise, 
  the netherlands are a large international trade hub . 
  also a large chunk of german gas is imported from the netherlands, 
  which is why i specifically stated the american budweiser and that was founded by german immigrants . 
  also budweiser as a name is already implying that it is german because that name is clearly german and not czech, 
  budweiser as the name indicates was created by germans from budweis though . 
  after all they used the german name of the town . 
  that is more or less swiss, 
  because at the time germany was founded it was in personal union with the netherlands . 
  it really i smostly history that lead to things like austria and luxemburg not being part of germany when they very well could have been, 
  russia is only double the size of brazil . 
  basically our common maps make territory look larger the further it is from the equator, 
  you can change the people though as evidenced in the 20th century . 
  it all depends how far russia pushes . 
  if they attack a nato member germany will react at least as long we have someone like merkel in power, 
  and why would russia care if the bundeswehr had 160k , 200k or 300k soldiers ? 
  if they find work . 
  most of them also wo n't be able to retire here anyways because they will be sent back . 
  you ca n't seriously compare gastarbeiter to the current refugee crisis . 
  you can compare the one from the 90s to now though and ost of these people got sent back . . 
  but nobody is championing such rhetoric apart from maybe the afd ? 
  and when we are old the age scale will be more in balance again . 
  right now this primarily means massively hiking the costs for the younger . 
  to make this even remotely sustainable we will have to reduce pensions or raise pension payments to a pretty extreme level, 
  germany for most of its history has only been a loose union . 
  the country has only been unified in 1871 and even today you have multiple german speaking countries . 
  how is he not his party ? 
  we are not electing chancellors we are electing parties and his party has been part of the government in 4 out of the pat 5 governments . 
  very small though no longer as unthinkable as it might have been 6 month ago . 
  the afd is just cannibalizing itself . 
  he campaigns as if his party was in the opposition and not in government . 
  the union does nowhere near the level of campaigning the spd does though . 
  there are no events akin to those schulz is holding currently . 
  i personally believe that fdp and greens would also more likely form a coalition with the union , but ultimately we will see this after the election . 
  right now the most likely outcome still seems to be a grand coalition . 
  that does seem pretty unlikely both from a majority point of view , but also from an ideological point of view . 
  the fdp is just so opposed to the economic policy schulz seems to be advertising . 
  i agree that it should worry the union , but i also think that is also in alrge parts grounded in schulz just starting his campaign off very early at a time when the union is not actively campaigning . 
  what campaigning have we seen from the union aside from attacks on a potential rrg ? 
  well we kidna have to argue though since schulz already started to campaign . 
  there is no reason we can assume though he wo n't form a coalition with the left if that were to present itself as the only option to govern . 
  if we were to get a parliament that looks like the current one ( which we wo n't ) i have to assume that schulz will form a coalition with the left and having that party in power is unaccpetable to me . 
  if we are looking at the polls right now it does seem like the only scenario he has though unless you are banking on an spd led grand coalition , which still seems somewhat unlikely to me . 
  but saying things like imposing a limited duration on a working contract can only be for objective reasons is just populism in my oppinion because that is simply already the case . 
  now if these reasons are appropriate is a different questions but you can not limit duration without a reason . 
  saying that he wants to just increase alg 1 duration for those 50 + also really just seems like a gift to that age group to me and nothing more . 
  and yes if you lose your job and do n't find a new one for an extended period of the time you will have to lower your own standard of living . 
  as of right now it is also as you said hard to argue against him simply because his positions are so slippery because there is no official program yet , but he is already campaigning . 
  right , but we have to assume he will take the votes if they are what pushes it over the top if he does not rule it out and i think as long as that is the case it is fair to attack him based on that . 
  do you believe people would not attack the cdu/csu if they were not ruling outa coalition with the afd , but were campaigning open to govern together with them ? 
  in a few decades is hardly horizon we have to look at . 
  a few decades ago west germany getting an army were controversial . 
  a few decades ago no party was accepting the oder-neisse line . 
  a lot of things change in a few decades . 
  we also can agree i think that the agenda 2010 was at the very core of the lowest unemployment in decades . 
  i can also see that we have to find a middle ground , but that does not sound like it is what schulz is proclaiming in this speech . 
  it looks like he wants to turn back time and abolish the progress made by the agenda 2010 . 
  west germany was . 
  germany struggled after the reunification up until around 2005 when the reforms really took effect and germany rose once again . 
  he will have to take the votes form die linke though if he wants to win and they will have an influence . 
  and sacrificing the high employment and solid growth for that ? 
  he is attacking what is the biggest policy of the last time the spd was in government , policy that has been defended by the spd repeatedly . 
  how is it credible that he wants to change that , considering it has not been long that the spd said that the agenda 2010 was the right tool ? 
  i think most can agree that it was the agenda 2010 that led in good parts to the large decrease in unemployment , the agenda 2010 that was supported from basically all parties at the time . 
  he is also not proposing any credible alternative here . 
  he is just throwing around buzzwords . 
  banning people from wearing a full face veil while driving seems good from a security point of view . 
  i admittedly would have expected that to be banned right now already, 
  and if they need you those are suddenly not an issue anymore . 
  the issue is that these countries were at a point where they could not loan money on the free market anymore , but instead have to rely on other states for even just servicing their current debt . 
  do you really expect these countries just to finance deficit spending with the prospect of never gtting that money back ? 
  that you can at the same time say you have to cut back expenditures again while helicopter dropping money in greece ? 
  that basically those that acted responsible before the crisis have to suffer now because others did not ? 
  well it is capped at 370 000 . 
  what we need more is a clear concept of what the point of the bundeswehr is . 
  and before the 2 +4 treaty german army size was capped at 500 000 which is why you will find the size of the west german army to be stagnant at that exact 500 000 for quite a long time during the cold war . 
  that was to the extent that they had to consistently raise the requirements for mandatory recruits to avoid going over that 500k,
