  the dublin agreement allows for countries to create a new asylum procedure . 
  factually those deportations ( that were suspended , not the dublin agrement as a whole ) were n't happening before the announcement either anyways . 
  the german supreme court ruled it inhumane to deport people back to greece in 2011 ( http://www.bverfg.de/entscheidungen/rs20110125_2bvr201509 ), 
  basically the government is doing a pretty good job overall . 
  unemployment went down significantly since merkel came to power , the economy is in decent shape , germany did n't get hit that hard during the 2008 crisis . 
  see merkels approvement used to be even higher that 54 % really is low . 
  it was in the 70 % range a long time . 
  also for your average person the refugee crisis has no tangible impact on their everyday life , a lot of people also just think it is the right thing to do to help people fleeing from war and persecution . 
  another thing that i think that most people here just take for granted that those fleeing solely for economic reasons should be sent back . 
  this is a matter that is pretty much pointless to discuss though because everyone agrees on this . 
  maybe a bit late , but here are all the statistics translated to english : http://imgur.com/a/njy27 credit for translation to : / u/scanianmoose, 
  saying `` make germany great again '' strongly implies invasion of poland and also looking to get austria to join germany at least to me . 
  i do n't think the poles would like that ... 
  well germany no longer has an official flagcarrier ( since 1994 ) , but lufthansa still is a great airline and if i had to chose between any airline and lufthansa i would probably always choose lufthansa, 
  of course and they exist for sure . 
  it just makes plan a look weak if you already say you have a plan b. 
  there are also probably more like dozens of plan bs, 
  no , it equals saying that i think that plan a is the only way to handle it . 
  it just does n't make any sense to assume that plans b through z do n't exist . 
  in the context it means more like `` i am not following a plan b and this is the only viable way '' at least that is what i took from it , watching it . 
  it seems also so incredibly unrealistic to assume that these plans do not exist , they just are not put on to the outside , also to not weaken the position that her plan is the only viable ( and i feel a lot of people here really should read up on her plans before condemning it again ) . 
  it was also said to reaffirm that she is still on the same course and not planning to change . 
  this is up to interpretation i think , what i gave you is my interpretation others may differ . 
  it is a literal translation though and means the same in principle in german and english , but i think the context is extremely important . 
  if you can i would advise you to watch the entire interview . 
  yes for these research institutes most people are willing to talk . 
  i would not hesitate to talk to these institutes . 
  it is vastly different if you just are an ordinary guy and try to talk to people about politics on the street . 
  most wo n't talk then . 
  politics is not something i would discuss with a stranger in person . 
  it is something most people just keep private and those institutes keep it private aswell and even if they knew what can they do with knowing that i for example will be voting for the cdu ? 
  go to any german city and talk to people and most wo n't be willing to talk about politics to you . 
  i would also highly doubt they are manipulated considering 5 independent institutes come to the same conclusions ... 
  that should be russian . 
  actually according to this ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_243_sum_de.pdf ) russian makes the list of the 7 most spoken languages, 
  in which question is germany not compromising ? 
  germany fought for a compromise in the greek crisis and is fighting for a compromise in the refugee crisis aswell . 
  there still is no other plan that does not completely fuck over someone else . 
  if the eu starts collapsing i would still expect the core of france , the benelux , germany and italy to prevail at least . 
  i do n't think the eu can really fully collapse unless germany or france pull out . 
  and how do we get turkey to cooperate with that ? 
  compromise is the only option that 's why we are trying to negotiate the whole fucking time . 
   she never should 've suspended dublin the dublin treaty already effectively got suspended by hungary and greece before that . 
  arguably germany should n't have let people move on to sweden though . 
  the only thing germany did was suspend the dublin deportations as the dublin treaty allows and as the german supreme court decided . 
  factually those dublin deportations were n't happen anyways . 
  so we cut funding so more people are forced to leave to cut back on economic migration ? 
  right but russia wo n't win a conventional war against nato without using nuclear weapons . 
  we are after all talking about a scenario where russia is attacking a nato member in estonia ... 
  do you really expect the estonian military to defend against the russian military for longer if the russians were to attack ? 
  honestly it is probably better for your country because russia would n't have to use tactical nukes, 
  well it 's the final solution of the migrant question ... / s, 
  the german article they linked says that he supports suspending countries with right wing extremist government . 
  and what are these solutions ? 
  i mean we could instate concentration camps and just gas everyone coming here . 
  that would stop the flow immediately ... 
  so merkel looked to lead in the center . 
  by the same argument you could say the democratic process in austria is in shambles . 
  there is also always grand coalition, 
  yes that 's why we fought an even bloodier war 20 years later ... 
  and all that will come is blame directed at germany instead of help for greece ... 
  so we should start a trade war against eu member state ? 
  should we look to pressure the ecb to raise interest rate ? 
  this seems like an even faster way to bury the eu . 
  i would expect schengen to fall first and then the eu gets neutered completely . 
  if anything merkel is fighting for literally the opposite . 
  germany is exactlly not closing up its borders as a lot of the balkans states are doing, 
  to be fair i have n't seen a convincing plan b that does n't undermine the very principles of the eu . 
  so you want to just turn greece into a giant refugee camp ? 
  you ca n't just enter turkish waters with greek ships . 
  and the end result is an enormous humanitarian crisis in greece . 
  did the red cross already get mobilized ? 
  so they can stop russia for 2 days instead of one ? 
  and how do you enforce it ? 
  do you just want the navies to sink refugee boats ? 
  this wo n't happen . 
  the eu would break up before that . 
  this is weird . 
  are n't southerners supposed to be more approachable ? 
  i would ask a german police officer if i had a problem and needed help . 
  if you are polite they usually will help you . 
  that would be my impression of the german police aswell . 
  in general they are not there to fuck you over but rather to help you . 
  that just is not true . 
  also describing the german government as far left is laughable, 
  well there are not that a lot left due to the large scale ethnic cleansing of germans in post war poland . 
  you can read up on the topic in wikipedia : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_minderheit_in_polen, 
  the numbers overall are estimated to be between 12 and 14 million people , but that is for all germans expulsed from eastern europe after ww2, 
  these cities are both part of poland now . 
  you think so ? 
  honestly i do n't really like the man and i certainly do n't like his policy , but i really wo n't deny that he is a very skilled politician, 
  / r/de is a lot more populated, 
  so the greeks should hate zhe greek politicians ? 
  of course but then what do you do when times get worse ? 
  create more debt ? 
  and who pays that debt off ? 
  german economy has in general been doing fine the last ten years . 
  of course the world economy cooling down hurts though especially looking at china . 
  domestic demand is also has been steadily going . 
  up in germany aswell .
