  behind belgium , chile and colombia for some reason . 
  note that russia is also # 2 on the handball world ranking, 
   correct . 
  my original argument was that leaving would 've most likely been worse for greece -- are you aware of that ? 
  no i was not . 
  i interpreted that that the damage if greece had defaulted would have been mostly on german and french banks a notion which i tend to hear a lot here and that simply is not true . 
   the principle motivating players were germany and `` numerous smaller countries on their periphery '' ( i.e. 
  belgium , austria , luxembourg , netherlands , etc ) . 
  they had all roughly the same economic conditions at the time and it best served their interests ; whereas france and italy exhibit far different monetary/fiscal policy predilections . 
  and still germany was one country that was hellbent on reaching an agreement the most . 
  a lot of the eastern european states held significantly tougher positions on greece not being willing to give a bailout again this easily . 
  there was also resistance within germany against that bailout , it was a compromise after all . 
  a lot of people saw it as a bad idea to grant another bailout and for a lot of others the condition were too harsh , but you have to meet somewhere in the middle, 
  before ww2 germany did not hold polish lands acquired in the partitions . 
  at that point all land poland annexed had been german for centuries, 
  you took a fucking fifth of our country . 
  is that not enough ? 
  what the heck are the advantages of eurobonds supposed to be ? 
  becaue i can only see disadvantages myself . 
  well and that vote was to decline that right ? 
  the referendum was not to accept further austerity even if that meant no further bailouts and a grexit . 
  the question is how much would we lose in the case of granting a debt cut . 
  why does greece get such a cut and why not portugal or spain then ? 
  what keeps other countries from also demanding a debt cut ? 
  also we have taken a lot of measures to ease greek debt from longer maturity rates to low interest rates , just not a nominal debt cut for states, 
   it would 've gravely damaged ( primarily ) french and german banks . 
  the knock-on effects which -- in all honesty and with full knowledge of the depths of greece 's problem -- would 've likely been worse had greece left the eurozone . 
   i hear this thrown around a lot , but why would losing out on a few billion euros for banks ( if i recall correctly the exposure of german banks to greek debt was roughly 20 billion ) hit them so gravely ? 
  bailing these banks out if necessary would have been a lot cheaper for germany . 
  the real issue was that you risked the crisis spreading onto other countries akin to what happened when lehman brothers fell , just this time with european states instead of banks . 
  a chain reaction that caues a lot of states in the ez to go bankrupt because they ca n't get loans anymore . 
  the main point was to contain the euro crisis even if that meant that you had to give loans that will not be paid back in full . 
  also if anything a greek bankrupt would have obliterated the greek banking system . 
  their exposure to that debt was a lot higher than that of german banks and they would n't have had anyone to bail them out . 
   but instead , somehow , germany ( along with numerous smaller countries on their periphery ) also the entire eurozone outside of italy basically is `` numerous smaller countries on their periphery '' ? 
  france is a smaller country on our periphery ? 
  by what definition did germany become a powerhouse only after the euro ? 
  the d mark already was the most important currency in europe before the euro . 
  most of the german trade imbalance comes from outside the eu . 
  trade within the eu is relatively balanced . 
  the issue was contagion though . 
  that if greek were to default it might spread to the rest of the ez and once italy is going down it would have been too late to intervene, 
  yes in bavaira we are at ariund 3 % which is considered full employment . 
  note that these 3 % come fro . 
  the german offices which usually give higher unemployment digures than eurostat, 
  not so soon  the uk is still behind germany by quite a bit in terms of gdp . 
  austria can into germany ? 
  well , but only really because we tried it and it just did n't work out in the end . 
  there is a reason why christianity is spread so far and it was not because of peaceful preachers . 
  yeah we have been through this already . 
  also we were a lot more successful at it than the muslims, 
  they are both under the same banner , but protestantism certainly did the most damage to catholicism which also resulted in one of the most important war in european history . 
  the pope represents catholicism not christianity as a whole . 
  it changes it in the way that he wo n't be convicted under that law then due to \u00a7 2 stgb , but there is of course still the normal 185, 
  all relevant spots regarding insulting ? 
  highly unlikely , but these are also not all that controversial i would think . 
  the section specifically against insulting foreign officials under which b\u00f6hmermann is going to trial will almost assuredly be repealed . 
  he made these words his own . 
  he wrote them . 
  you can also very much do satire without insulting a person over and over . 
  he even made very clear himself that he knew it would be unlawful . 
  regardless he will get a fine or drag out the trial , but it was at least distasteful in my oppinion . 
  these guys sound like they grew up in germany , certainly not recent immigrants . 
  the way the criminal case will most likely go down is that his lawyers will drag it out until the law is repealed . 
  if a decision then gets made the most lenient version of the law will apply in this case the repealed version . 
  that does not matter for the injunction against b\u00f6hmermann against citing the poem , these are based on our defamation laws . 
  the only law that will be repealed will be the one specifically against insulting foreign officials . 
  a fine most likely . 
  yes , but announcing you are commiting an unlawful action does not make it any less unlawful . 
  he also went well beyond what would have been necessary to showcase this in my oppinion . 
  this is not exactly true for the criminal process . 
  \u00a7 2 from the criminal code says in '' ( 3 ) wird das gesetz , das bei beendigung der tat gilt , vor der entscheidung ge\u00e4ndert , so ist das mildeste gesetz anzuwenden . '', 
  in english that means that if the law gets changed before the decision the most lenient law shall apply . 
  of course that does not impact the civil process and the attempt to stop b\u00f6hmermann from repeating it . 
  the uk could also provide stimulus, 
  the thing is there are so many poorer countries than turkey where we have visa free travel . 
  also no it does not mean we stop checking passports and controlling who comes in , it just means that they do n't have to specifically get a visum to visit for vacation for example, 
  hm weird , but to be fair we had multiple rechtschreibreform changes during my time in school and teachers had just gotten used to the 1996 reform, 
  is it taught in school ? 
  i do not think we were taught that in school , outside of it existing in old letters ( for example my grandma had letters written with it ), 
  yes of course , but the concept of `` per du '' honestly seems like a weird way to go about being actually `` per sie '' . 
  it is also something i have n't seen outside of some workplaces, 
  still with the people i am `` per du '' i would not use this . 
  if we are `` per sie '' then definitely though . 
  i get the feeling that poland as a country holds a grudge against germany . 
   honorific form of address is capitalized ( e.g. 
  outside of sie this is pretty old fashioned . 
  it really makes the language clearer though and you get used to it fast . 
  one example would be reich , meaning rich , and reich , meaning empire . 
  now compare wages in west germany to the wages in say poland in 1990 and then look at the wages in germany now and the wages . 
  polish gdp per capita grew to more than 4 times its size while german did n't even grow to 250 % ( data taken from the oecd ) . 
  the us is the biggest contributor to the unhcr by quite a margin ( source : http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49c3646c26c.html ), 
  i also really do not get why these negotiations are called blackmail . 
  you want something from turkey . 
  turkey wants something else in return . 
  how is that blackmail ? 
  well merkel also has the support of the german public and is chairman of the most popular party in germany ... 
  well there is alcohol, 
  `` germany wins ... '', 
  napoleon and hitler wanted supremacy for their respective states .
