  seems unlikely that he still would become chancellor . 
  he simply got ccaught up in the donations scandal to suceed kohl so instead merkel did . 
  he is also not just doing what he thinks is right . 
  most germans think it is right too . 
  you should not forget that sch\u00e4uble already is the most popular german politician ( with something like 66 % approving and 30 % disproving of his work ) . 
  a lot of people seem to ignore that interest rates wo n't always be this low . 
  we also are not even at the 60 % line dictated by the maastricht treaty . 
  if we take up debt now we will have to refinance it in 10 years when interest rates might very well be a lot higher . 
  so how do you think the netherlands are supposed to massively decrease their debt to gdp ratio while taking a serious amount of new debt ? 
  and then what do you think will happen when interest rates rise again ? 
  there still are . 
  no idea how they expect to get this through . 
  in fact no idea why they want to do this, 
  in fact bund does n't really have anything to do with leagues . 
  bund is more something like association . 
  there is a lot of terrorism in ee actually , most all in russia though, 
  one attack last christmas in germany is not really a trend, 
  i did not realized these are so different and changing over time . 
  i am pretty sure in germany at least most all are the same as in amunich 72, 
  but they could seize it, 
  gypsies were massacred during the holocaust ? 
  500 000 died, 
  the only acceptable answer to home grown terrorism is restricting immigration ? 
  you do know that the munich attack is cleared up ? 
  it is also generally classified as amok and not terrorism , as it was way closer to something like a school shooting than a terror attack . 
  you then at least know how people like hitler got into power, 
   they did n't have the necessary administrative skill to organize and kill/chase them away like westerns did . 
  yeah and do n't forget we also got rid of the jews !, 
  ah was n't the holocaust great ? 
  / s pretty crazy that comments like yours get upvoted . 
  viewed about as favourable as communits in the 50s, 
  actually also what was said about gypsies by the nazis . 
  well personally i am not really a fan of any referendums but if the uk decides that they will hold another referendum on the matter of scottish secession than that is up to them . 
  all non voters can be seen as compliant wiht whatever result . 
  after all they did not exercise their right to influence said result . 
  yeah , but there is enough political pressure behind it to make it de facto binding , even if it is not de jure . 
  the brexit referendum technically also was not legally binding and yet we should n't be suprised if politicians pretty much always act on these results . 
  uhm most of this is a bastardization of germanic , latin , greek and slavic influences . 
  english is not influential here . 
  it is heavily influenced . 
  these referendum results are by definition ultimate though . 
  unless you change something and put it up for vote again . 
  and then you will get people that complain that they just let people vote unless the result was there . 
  even at that point i do not think that is necessarily a good idea ( though certainly a lot lesser of an issue ) . 
  it still leads to decisions that are very short sighted especially if there is immediate consequences ( say the local public swimming pool is in poor shape and has to either be closed down or expanded , most likely just sinking more and more money , and people will tend to not want to give up on the pool even if it is the rational decision ), 
  heck i wo n't read complicated international treaties like ceta myself and i would consider myself politically interested . 
  that is why we have representation . 
  to me the larger issue is that if you have a referendum like this on a very complicated matter you will get decisions mostly based on emotion and not on facts , which in my oppinion leads to bad decisions . 
  i also dislike that in a representative democracy the elected representatives dodge responsibility by creating such a referendum instead of bearing responsibility themselves . 
  referendums should be contained to territorial changes in my oppinion . 
  there was one during the holocaust ... 
  sometimes i feel like a good chunk of people here wouod willingly do that again, 
  then he should support brexit ? 
  a brexit will lead to a more globalist uk not a less globalist, 
  if anything it shows why you should not do refereendums like this, 
  how likely do you think is it that a person from romania is fluent in arabic to pull this ? 
  people have started using these words interchangeably and it is not an issue with say someone who comes from slovakia because those cant get german benefits immediately, 
  then i do not understand your issue ? 
  you cant just move to germany from say romania and rake in benefits, 
  so you think that fundamentally asylum should not exist ? 
  because having people roam on the streets with no welfare will just lead to a massive increase in crime, 
  faust was published in 1808, 
  that would be a very one sided war, 
  his point is that austria does not belong in that line i would think and rightfully so, 
  austria took a slightly higher number of people in than germany . 
  austria did more than its fair share, 
  less so than merkel i would imagine, 
  i am just saying that just because victors decide something at a conference does not make it right or legal . 
  how does that have any relevance here ? 
  the final solution was also discussed at the wannsee conference . 
  so now tell me if expelling millions of germans from poland and czechslovakia while killing tens to hundreds of thousands is a crime against humanity ? 
  and who judges what a crime against humanity is ? 
  did you not learn about the thirty years war in school ? 
  so i guess northern ital is also rightful german clay ? 
  aswell as the entire benelux ? 
  with the uk out one of the major proponents of turkey in the eu is out . 
  and yet even with sub replacement birth rates windli g population is not a given . 
  germany has had sub replacement birthrates for decades and yet population is stable, 
  you are also a country well larger than most, 
  and nobody asks for that . 
  the uk just is to honour commitments made, 
  not many people will know him and even less will have a real oppinion on him, 
   a successful policy that impoverished millions . 
  where does that number come from ? 
  because looking at the numbers i am not getting that impression , certainly not in the range of millions . 
   unemployement is n't good at all . 
  yeah 2 million without a job and 8 million getting money from the government to cover their costs because their 40 hour job does n't earn them enough to cover them by themselves . 
  so the quota has sunk significantly on that aswell ? 
  also where is that number of 8 million coming from again ? 
  all i can find is 4.5 million recipients of hartz iv in germany . 
   the agenda 2010 has been pissing on social cohesion for no good reason other than fueling the cheap labor and temp work ovens with poor peons not deemed good enough to thrive on the billions and billions and billions of taxmoney the state earns every year . 
  have you looked at the unemployment numbers before the reforms were enacted ? 
  have you already forgotten who used to be the sick man of europe ? 
   what schulz is proposing is at least good enough to have my parents generation not losing anything they have - including their dignity - because the company they worked at for 30 years went bust and nobody will hire them anymore cause they are `` old '' . 
  schulz is proposing nothing that would make a significant impact on that so far . 
  and also there are already provisions in place so that older people get alg i longer than those younger . 
  oh it is dangerous for germany too . 
  and we still have commitments to ee, 
   the euro brings germany many benefits . 
  germans have to come to the understanding that there have to be compromises sometimes .
