  right and insa has a signficant tendency to cdu results well below all the other polslters in pretty much every poll they conduct, 
  well the chancellor is only indirectly elected in germany by the parliament , but as of right now i think all arrows are pointing at another iteration of the grand coalition . 
  well germany tried and failed with the quota system . 
  no one country can seize power within the eu . 
  it is deliberately built that way . 
  why would we need a more ambitious more dynamic leader ? 
  a leader is best stable and predictable for the most part . 
  politics is n't supposed to be exciting for the most part . 
  we do n't need grand speeches what we need is a solid plan to move forward and at least in the past years under merkels governments germany moved forward relatively stable largely unfazed by the crisises . 
  merkel governments in my oppinion have massively reduced unemployment and have been championing a wise fiscal policy . 
  and honestly what alternative do you even see ? 
  everyone can apply for asylum just in some cases it will simply be thrown out immediately, 
  it is because a lot of this is about nuclear deterrence too also russia just had a long build up time, 
  well murder rates in the entire foormer soviet union are significantly higher, 
  this is abou how positively other countries view germany not the other way around . 
  germany also gets on average a aimilar score as france ( 70 vs 69 ) but germany is more polarized with some countries viewing germany as extremely positive, 
  i did not intend to draw any analogy . 
  i still insist that we should disallow things on the internet if they are disallowed in normal life and i also know that this wo n't always be feasible . 
  this is not about undesirable oppinions , this is about enforcing the law in the internet too . 
  i am not endorsing the russian legislation or detaining people because they are speaking out against an illegal occupation , but i still think that we should enforce the laws we already have in the internet too . 
  as i said i never claimed it was the same thing , but you also should not demand the freedom to say literally anything on the internet to write anything . 
  i am simply advocating to not leave a lawless space . 
   if i had to choose between allowing for calls for `` incitement of hatred '' ( that russian legal phrase used and expanded so broadly since it was introduced in 2006 ) or even violence , and also allowing for a range of less extreme political opinions and discussion or closing everything , i would choose the former . 
  the long-term risks to society as a whole are much smaller . 
  this is not a decision we have to make though . 
  we already have laws against hate speech and incitement of violence . 
  i simply think we should also enforce these laws . 
  and as for germans vs austria , would you really say that there is a huge difference between southern bavaria and the border region in austria ? 
  is n't the `` cultural border '' signficantly farther north ? 
  and of course austrians and germans is not the same , but in my oppinion moreso than bavaria and saxony and schleswig holstein are not the same , than between germany and france not being the same . 
  and of course not all austrians are the same , just as bavaria is not the same . 
  in a sense i would at least like to think that bavaria and austria are quite similar . 
  you had to drastically cut government deficit to get it to a more palatable level though . 
  the deficit at this point had grown so far ( beyond 15 % gdp ) that you had to both raise taxes and cut spending to achieve this . 
  you have to reestablish proper government spending competely which leads to unfortunate consequences , but you ca n't permanently fund growth with borrowed money . 
  you ca n't expect foreign tax payers to fund that . 
  all these solutions you proposed might have worked if greece had been more commited to finding a solution before the situation became so dire , but it did not , we did not . 
  if the goal was only to cut losses in greece the proper way to do that would have been to cut money supply and get out with as much as you can get and let the greek economy fully collapse and send the red cross to provide humanitarian aid ( at the height of the crisis the german red cross literally was made ready to provide humanitarian aid in case negotiations fail ) . 
  instead we got signficant debt cuts for greece ( even though no nominal debt cuts ), 
  we are living in a democracy and the leaders have to respect the oppinion of the population to a point . 
  if 90 % of the country is against a debt cut for greece the government ca n't advocate a tax cut for greece . 
  in regards to greece sch\u00e4uble was often seen as a voice of the party and also a lot of the population . 
  do n't forget sch\u00e4uble is one of the most popular politicians in germany with approval rates beyond 65 % . 
  and yes the financial stability of southern europe is essential , but you ca n't give more and more if southern europe does n't hold up its end of the bargain if greece does n't hold up its end . 
  if the necessry cuts are not performed , if tax evasion and cronyism are not tackled and of course sending terrible negotiators like varoufakis or holding useless referendum and by that causing capital controls to be enacted does not help the greek cause now greece has made its bed and needs to sleep in it ( i have no clue if this saying is actually valid in english , but i think you get the point ), 
  here for example from may last year gabriel demanding to reduce the greek debt burden : http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/sigmar-gabriel-fordert-schuldenerleichterung-fuer-griechenland-a-1091239.html it is a bit rough to be honest to find articles from last year though . 
  the cdu/csu was the only party that really was against another bailout in large parts . 
   exactly !, 
  it shows it can be done but i do n't even know if this agreement extended beyond war reparations as the loans were official bank loans . 
  these were different situations . 
  a lot of that solultion was about stability in europe , about peace and security edit : also note that large parts of the german population were not inclined to bail greece out again last year and that actually convincing the population in a large enough share was hard enough and still got the afd quite some steam . 
  you do know that germany was heavily involved in getting other more reluctant states to cooperate ? 
  germany was by far not the nation most against the bailouts . 
  and the cdu was in general heavily against it and like 100 meps from the governing coalition even voted against the bailout . . as for ww2 i suggest you read up on the 1953 london agreement on german external debts . 
  but should we freely allow calls for violence and incitement of hatred on the internet ? 
  things that would be disallowed in public ? 
  should we allow to call for terrorist attacks against german or austrian targets ? 
  i mean assuming this is true it seems quite reasonable to me . 
  imagine a muslim ingermany calling for the death of infidels and illegally acquiring weapons and ammo . 
  would you not deem it appropriate to lock such a person up ? 
  and honestly at least to me it seems hard to judge what the actual truth is because every material comes either from clearly pro ukrainian or pro russian media . 
  it is banned in germany too and yet you can watch it on youtube . 
  these bans mostly just shut down spreading it commercially , but you just ca n't enforce the ban on yt ( even though i think it would be appropriate to do so if possible ), 
  if there was no dislike for germany from austria they would probably realize that they are like us germans . 
  what do you think would have happened if germany had not been backing massive loans for greece ? 
  if merkel had actually followed her party 's line ? 
  would you say that dutch , germans and austrians area also the same ethnic group ? 
  nl score on germany on the other hand , 
  you certainly have to differentiate then between people from western europe and from the balkans and we both know that one of those groups commits significantly nore crime than the other, 
  no because they literally are not collected . 
  this data simply does not exist, 
  predominantly those that get their asylum requests denied and have no future in germany, 
  generally on the 24th you are with the nuclear family . 
  for us that was always only my parents and us kids and than on the first and second we went and see both grandparents, 
  i would be highly suprised if there were somehow more german bombs found in the uk than british and american bombs in germany . 
  there were just orders of magnitude more bombs dropped on germany ( volume wise ) . 
  dont forget that we still have 5000 bombs annually from ww2 that get disarmed . 
  i agree we should not open that can of worms though . 
  nothing good comes of digging up these things . 
  strong men also can lead to very bad times . 
  look at the world wars which were also times of strong men . 
  i would not say hitler or stalin exactly brought good times for their people . 
  i mean i am neither canadian nor mexican , but is n't nafta such a free trade agreement ? 
  well it is hard for a german to violate immigration law for example . 
  german in this case means german citizen . 
  all statistics in germany only look at nationality . 
  ethnicity is not recorded as far as i am aware for historical reasons . 
  i mean it is a russian map . 
  one would expect that a russian map would see crimea as russian territory . 
  also de facto russia has control over crimea , not ukraine . 
  also german-austria tried to join germany in 1918/1919 until the treaty of saint germain shut that down . 
  i would say the annexation of austria and the annexation of crimea are insofar comparable that there was not necessarily a free referendum , but even if there had been it would have most likely suceeded anyways . 
  german austrians might have identified as austrians first and then as germans just as bavarians might have seen themselves as bavarians and then as saxons , like silesians might have seen themselves as prussian and then as german . 
  i would say austria seeing themselves overwhelmingly distinct from germany largely happened after ww2 to not be seen as perpetrators themselves . 
  austria and germany in my oppinion are extremely similar countries , that could if not for a play of history very well be the same country . 
  right . 
  you could look at a ton of border changes that never went back . 
  no there are no global warming deniers . 
  germany has quite a lot of industry though and . 
  alot of people arscared of nuclear plants so we are phasing those out instead of coal plants,
