  we also bailed out the european banks or rather each country bailed out its banks . 
  some countries just were not set up to deal with a crisis like this . 
  removing conscription , fully opting out of nuclear power , minimum wage , the german economy not collapsing during the 2008 and the euro crisis , the decision to let hundreds of thousands of people into germany to apply for asylum , unemployment vanishing more and more ? 
  sure i do n't think everything from that list was good , but there was a lot of important stuff that happened . 
  this is also just really what came to my mind top of my head, 
  so then when does my german vote impact greek politics ? 
  where is the political power as trade off ? 
  where is the trade off at all ? 
  if the union requires us to pay for the huge fuck ups of other countries , fuck ups that were agreed to not be covered before hand , then maybe the states that fuck up like this do n't belong in the union . 
   that 's for the banks , our problems is that the clients of those banks do n't have capital for paying back or in the case of the state have resources to kickstart the economy . 
  that is not just a problem of the banks . 
  that is a problem for those saving for retirement for example and a big one at that . 
   yeah sorry if every problem in the eu is n't linked for germany , at least you can have a gigantic trade surplus . 
  a huge trade surplus that is forced by the low valued euro . 
  also germany has worked that these days the intra ez surplus is neglible . 
  also not every problem of the eu is linked to southern europe either . 
   of course but that was until the weaknesses of the euro appeared . 
  how can you have a sustainable currency union when the best performers get negative interest and the weaker 4-7 % ? 
  either we strife for convergence or it 's a failure . 
  so basically you suggest a system where rich states pay for the debt of poor states ? 
  where germany is responsible for portugese debt while not being able to do anyhting about it politically ? 
  that seems like a very lopsided idea . 
  the difference between the us and the eu is also more that the us did not face another crisis shortly after the 2008 crisis that europe faced . 
   yeah i suppose in retrospective everything is much easier but even then i doubt merkel would fall as she would probably still retain support from spd or the greens . 
  merkel would have absolutely fallen . 
  it is her own party she would have lost the backing of . 
  this is also not retrospective only . 
  i remember vividly when the bailouts were discussed and a lot of people were demanding a way harsher course than we ended up on . 
   because greeks , spaniards and other southern europeans are in a currency union with you . 
  you get a much lower currency while we have to bare with a too high currency ( yeah i know but we ca n't realistically stop having the euro withouth the collapse of the rest ) . 
  is n't the euro already massively devaluated ? 
  is n't the ecb already rocking 0 interest for extended periods of time ? 
  are we not seeing monetary policy as if there was a crisis in times when the german economy is doing well ? 
  have government bonds of southern european states not gotten significantly cheaper after the introduction of the euro ? 
   so both in terms of welfare and in terms of culture , germany will simply outshine any eastern european state now and into the future for decades to come when it comes to attractiveness for refugees . 
  of course it will , but that is not a reason to allow people to just flock where they want to . 
  also nobody asked of ee states to take as much as germany ... 
  uhm why do you think you ca n't do that ? 
  it is probably easier to deport people to canada , but you can most likely just go to denmark and say you are staying and it will take quite a while before you get deported back . 
  because you 'd need europe to work together to take that choice away . 
  there is no term limits . 
  merkel is the third chancellor since 1982 when helmut kohl was elected first ( he did 4 terms until 1998 ) . 
   if merkel had n't pushed for three radical `` solidarity packages '' greece would n't had a loss of 25 % of its gdp , an humanitarian crisis ( both for greeks as well as for refugees ) and probably not a bright future for the next 30 years . 
  if merkel had tried to push for that she would have been overwhelmed and we might have seen the german government fall apart . 
  there already was a lot of resistance against the current packages . 
  also : why the fuck should german taxpayers pay for greek fuck ups ? 
  the thing is that ultimately greece relies on the money of the other eurozone countries . 
  as long as that is the case they will have to accept the terms that come with the money . 
  how do you explain a german taxpayer that his taxes have to be raised because the greek government fucked up royally ? 
  that we now have to foot the tab for that ? 
  so if ai move to denmark and have my kids born and grow up there having them speak danish and german , send them to a danish school what could they do to be seen as danish ? 
  this is also just not reality for the vast amjoriy of urks in germany, 
  would you call someone that was born in germany and lived his entire life here imported , even if their parents or grandparents immigrated here ? 
  like these people whose parents came here 50 years ago that live here and grew up here ? 
  cyprus , austria , italy , luxembourg , spain , uk , france ( not actually sure if i have been to france ) and portugal so eight ( and 9 if you want to count germany ... ), 
  note that the official eu anthem has in fact an `` official '' text in that it is a variation on a schiller poem . 
  that is in german though and people did n't want to play favourites with languages . 
  mine was 1st in singapore . 
  munich was number 2 though !, 
  i wish i can move back there at some point, 
  so he was a weak president and dangerous in that . 
  i think trump is potentially a lot more dangerous than either clinton or george w. bush . 
  i mean it is not that long ago that dutch and german splintered into fully seperate languages . 
  oh that would be great . 
  redistribution got shut diwn though and without that that doesnt work, 
  then you have to go through due process and deport them just as the german government stated over and over again . 
  also there are other states you could have very good reasont to flee from , eritrea for example, 
  lower wages and they dont speak german there ( anymore ) . 
  that is ridiculous . 
   they are not separate . 
  you have to integrate both groups of people and although they face slightly different issues , in many ways the challenges are the same . 
  in a lot more ways they are seperate . 
  you ca n't just come to germany for example without being able to supply for yourself . 
  so if you come you either can already support yourself or are working to do so . 
  you have to learn the language yourself find employment yourself . 
  most of the issues you named actually mostly apply to refugees not regular immigrants that come on a blue card or through eu citizenship . 
   if germany and france have different levels of ability to deal with immigrants then how many they have compared to you is irrelevant . 
  what matters is how many they have compared to their absolute ability to handle them . 
  i agree , but saying we do n't have that much capabiity and we are unwilling to create that is also unacceptable . 
  germany also did n't have the capability last year to take in one million people and yet we made it work . 
  we have a duty to protect people fleeing from war and persecution  and it 's far too soon to say whether germany or austria are in any way capable of dealing with the numbers they 've taken because of what ? 
  so far not much has changed at all . 
  germany already has proven once during the yugoslav wars that we are capable of handling the same situation and thank god we did n't even have another lichtenhagen . 
  and yes a lot of those people will be wards of the state for quite a while , but they are also not here primarily to build a better life in germany . 
  they are here to espape the war . 
  if that war is over they will have to go back no matter if that is painful or not just as happened after the yugoslav wars . 
  they very much are seperate issues though . 
  on the one hand you have people fleeing from civil war and persecution and on the other hand you have people that want to live here for wahtever reason . 
   and it 's entirely possible france ca n't handle 30 000 while germany can handle a million if france was already closer to their limit before those new people came along no not really . 
  france also had less foreigners than germany before the crisis which i already pointed out . 
  germany could build up capacities to deal with these people and rather quickly . 
  i just do not buy that france ca n't do that . 
  maybe they do n't want to but they surely can . 
  30k people for a country as large as france should be nothing . 
  i can understand if estonia ca n't take 30k people but not freakin france . 
  austria a country the size an eigth of france has taken in more than 3 times that . 
  germany has taken in more than 30 times that . 
  i do not think we should make a difference between religious and other sites . 
  why should school trips not be mandatory ? 
  of course that is not that simple as that , but i just think it is laughable when a country like france says they ca n't handle more than 30k while germany is handling 1 million .
