  nah , a joke still is a joke . 
  to be fair poland was part of germany at that point ... 
  yes still the linke scrap around 2-3 % of votes, 
  well austria was excluded because the austrian led alliance lost against the prussian led alliance in the war of 1866 . 
  historically bavaria and prussia also had pretty bad relations inside germany . 
  still today you can feeel some of the grudge in bavaria at least in some sayings . 
  you can read up on the war here ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austro-prussian_war ) , funnily today the parts of germany that were on the losing side are the richest parts of germany today with also the lowest unemployment ( around 3-4 % ), 
  relentlessly negotiating as keeping on negotiating even if the other party on the table pulls all sorts of bullshit on you . 
  staying professional and not crying over extortion or the germans wanting to humiliate the greeks . 
  i do n't think you should cease negotiations that is one thing what i think was really good about the german government . 
  the greek government on the other hand broke off negotiations to call a referendum only to do the opposite of what they asked in the referendum 3 weeks after . 
  snoop dog behaves like a retard and it is the italians fault ? 
  right ... just because he is a celebrity does not give him the right to break the law . 
  same deal as in sweden, 
  in theory yes . 
  in practice that does not happen, 
  well i also feel like most americans do n't know that germany is a younger country than the us, 
  well the prussians won the 1866 war which is probably one of the biggest reasons why we are not one country . 
  people do n't seem to realize that germany is among the youngest countries in europe, 
  nah it is not that old . 
  it dates basically back to when germany was founded in 1871 or more precisely to the german german war of 1866, 
  the big difference is that austria was not part of germany when it was founded in 1871 . 
  culturally the difference between for example bavaria and prussia is bigger by quite a bit than bavaria and austria . 
  well you should thank the frenchies for that, 
  raf is the abbreviation for the most famous western german terrorist organization ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_faction ), 
  raf as an acronym still manages to always throw me off, 
  with how the spd is currently operating this will not happen at least not before merkel resigns herself . 
  to be honest a situation where all the other parties form a coalition seems more likely than the spd getting more votes than the cdu, 
  he signs laws . 
  he basically has no real power , he is just representative . 
  no there is none . 
  in fact we only had 7 different chancellors ( well 8 if you count scheel that was chancellor for exactly 9 days ) since 1949 . 
  we had an extremely centrist election result for basically all the elections . 
  i mean i really would not call the spd left leaning anymore . 
  i think that is their big problem they do n't have a clear line of what they wan na be anymore they are just so similar to the cdu, 
  yeah well with merkel you know at least that there is someone competent leading the country and even if you do n't like her i do n't think you can deny she is competent, 
  the cdu will never do a coalition with the afd . 
  they would rather take another big coalition with the spd . 
  merkel moved the party to be a very centrist party ( rather than a bit centre-right ) , she went by a fairly stable course and basically went by the agenda of not making mistakes and changing attitudes when necessary . 
  since 1949 germany had 7 chancellors, 
  maintaining a fairly stable position , relentlessly negotiating even with all the bullshit the greek government put up ? 
  yeah schr\u00f6der also got some very bad reputation when he quit being chancellor and immediately showed up on with gazprom . 
  he also has generally too close ties to putin in my oppinion . 
  a big thing on die linke is that they are vastly more popular in former east germany while in some of the biggest states ( nrw , bw , bayern ) they would n't even get the necessary 5 % . 
  also the spd looked more and more like the cdu . 
  in general all the other parties are just in a lot worse shape than the cdu partially because the cdu just implemented their topics themselves, 
  at which german news sites did you look to see this not being reported on ? 
  it is everywhere . 
  i think part of this is that if people do n't think this is much of an issue they wont take part in such an online survey which i would expect to bias a survey towards a more hostile attitude, 
  probaboly depends on what your standards are, 
  the thing is the npd is just not politically viable simply due to the legacy they carry . 
  also the fdp at least is extremely relevant historically . 
  currently they certainly have big issues but i feel like the fdp becoming relevant again is a lot more probably than the npd ever becoming relevant . 
  if anything we get an npd in disguise like the afd, 
  * basically if you fail the drivers license test three times you get a dutch license and a dutch plate ( which are yellow ) *, 
  yeah they did what the voters want the government to do . 
  how dare they ? 
  the thing is you ca n't vote for the cdu in bavaria , there is only the csu on the voting sheets . 
  they are sister parties . 
  also die linke is one of the most regional parties . 
  for example in both bw and bavaria they didnt even manage to get to the 5 % required to enter the landtag . 
  in bw they scrapped a measly 2.8 % whereas in bavaria it was only 2.1 % ( the same as the bayernpartei and the \u00f6dp ) , in nrw die linke got 2.5 % generally die linke is elected a lot more in former east germany whereas in a lot of the former western states it is a fairly fringe party . 
  also die linke overall got as much votes in the last general elections as the csu ( note the party that is just up for elections in bavaria ) edit : if you look at former east germany die linke raked 22.7 % of the votes in the last general election whereas in former west germany it was 5.6 %, 
  well more realistically the fdp should be on the big party page . 
  they were in the bundestag since the frg was founded up until 2013 when they basically got devastated, 
  kinda funny you include the npd but excluded the fdp . 
  kinda telling of their downfall, 
  france also gets mocked a lot . 
  also dutch drivers . 
  i know , 
  people listen to them . 
  the thing is the vast majority just disagrees with these people . 
  disagreeing and not listening are towo very different things . 
  in front of a church seems like a good place generally because these are usually in the city centre . 
  what is the point of protesting in front of refugee camps other than scaring refugees and making it clear they are not welcomed ? 
  nobody is sweeping it under the rug . 
  you just ca n't tackle it in an extreme short term , but do you really think that anyone is sweeping this under the rug ? 
  it is basically only nomenclature these days . 
  this is coming from history because basically all of germany once were different states . 
  germany as a country is even younger than the usa only being founded in 1871 ( funnily germany got proclaimed at versailles ), 
  this map looks so weird compared to the german map considering germany is a bit smaller than just montana ... 
  no thats nordrhein-westfalen . 
  they get switzerland, 
  well they are a lot less differentiated then . 
  you get the east , the south , the city states and the northwest ( and berlin ) as groups, 
  i also heard americans think well of america :o, 
  but really i feel like i see a vast majority of german cars oer here and hardly any japanese cars, 
  i prefer some fried potatoes instead of pasta but i guess thats personal taste . 
  also steak and pasta sounds weird to me, 
  that article is a great read, 
  occitania sounds like a weird fantasy world, 
  you should try eating it with a good steak . 
  that tastes great, 
  those are just the kind of jokes that prevailed from the times of the world wars and before . 
  nobody is using htem seriously , but france is certainly one of the countries that suffers the most of these jokes in my experience . 
  mostly directed at frnace getting invaded and falling repeatedly to germany, 
  because you can buy it for comparatively cheap in germany ? 
  i dont think my country feels that we get too little from the eu . 
  maybe that we pay too much but getting too little is rarely if ever a topic, 
  so by this logic launching a nuclear first strike against the ussr/usa would have been better than sitting it out and diplomatically looking for noone to launch a nuclear strike ?
