  after ww1 when austria-hungary was dissolved there was a sizable majority in the new state of german-austria to join germany . 
  the treaty of st. germain ultimately forbade this and forced german-austria to rename into austria in 1919, 
  well like half of prussia got annexed by poland ... 
  quite literally twins . 
  almost joined germany after ww1 , but the allies smote that down and well they got joined in 38 . 
  it kinda feels like it is more a play of history that we are two different countries . 
  see the ecr is dominated by the polish and british not by tthe german government . 
  if anyone is delegitimizing the afd it is the afd itself or more specifically its leadership . 
  people like von storch or h\u00f6cke just do great damage to the party . 
  this is a fairly tough question in my oppnion because the political profile of the afd is not that clear . 
  the old afd was in my oppinion similar to where ukip is standing , but the new one in my oppinion leans a lot more to the far right along with the fn . 
  one big issue here is that nationalist ideology is something extremely frowned upon in germany due to our history , so you will have parties that might carry an extremely nationalistic tone in a different country carry less of that in germany . 
  see imagine a setting of american ( something like this : http://imgur.com/nbc2lng ) would be scandalous in germany . 
  you could switch trump with another politician but you will see these grand displays of the flag everywhere and that is simply something that would be labelled as far right very easily . 
  if you look at pictures of german electioneering you will see very little flags and certainly not right behind the speaker, 
  to be fair i might not have gotten antidepressants 30 years ago and they probably came close to saving my life . 
  i think we kinda should expect the treatment of mental illness to go up and that is a good thing in my oppinion, 
  well bascially last june/july the party split up leaving only the hard rightwing ( where also the current leadership is from ) whereas the economic wing ( led by lucke ) left . 
  is n't that kinda expected though when women tend to work in lower paying jobs and also leave work fairly often for children ? 
  well that 's gon na be tough ... 
  way more than 70 % returned from germany . 
  we are well below 10 % of these people still in germany, 
  uhm yeah he is one of the biggest proponents of the european union in germany . 
  to be fair he is a conservative politician and the piigs states have suffered financially and could deteriorate again . 
  also i think it could be very well that other politicians say that aswell it is just that people listen when sch\u00e4uble says it . 
  has mr. orban also presented a plan on how to deliver humanitarian aid in greece ? 
  and the point of the german ( and the austrian for that point ) government is that this is not a sustainable model . 
  well germany and greece share the position here . 
  you ca n't just have a union and then nnot look to also help other states . 
  i also thought austria was on board with that plan involving turkey at least parts of the austrian government . 
  austria after all has taken even more people than germany if you adjust for population, 
  as for an example where it worked fairly well you can look at germany, 
  germany is the de facto leader because france is not in that good a shape and the uk does n't rally other countries behind it, 
  was n't it like only one and a half year ago everyone was shunning germany for not taking the lead ? 
  what is biased and weak about that argument ? 
  i literally just looked up on wikipedia what happened, 
  no but the government does n't control the supreme court, 
  what ? 
  how does the german government even get involved here ? 
  he is not being extradited to greece because he sued before the german constitutional court and won, 
  it was not german politicians racking up debt in greece but greek politicians, 
  and then they are ineligible for benefits in germany and will be sent back to poland . 
  honestly why should we care where these people want to go ? 
  most people also rather want to go to berlin than to saxony and still they get distributed to saxony aswell, 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  if anything austria is one of the countries that stands to profit from such a system . 
  concentration camp on the shark island befor l\u00fcderitzbucht . 
  it is basically just saying it 's a concentration camp and then where it is, 
  well yeah , but there has is still one critical point that a lot of countries are extremely opposed to : they should also ensure that the reception centers ( hotspots ) function in greece , where the refugees are first recorded and ** prepared for the allocation of eu countries where they are to get proper asylum procedure **, 
  the eu never prevented you from declaring bankruptcy . 
  i still remember our german finance minister getting shunned for suggesting that greece should leave the ez and declare bankruptcy . 
  it was your prime minister that negotiated the deal , though arguably from a weak position but being able to stay in the ez was one of his key demands and the eu gave in on that . 
  also that is what a bailout does it is there to help the entity you bail out to pay its credits , money that greece already spent beforehand . 
  those bank debts are n't coming out of thin air ... 
  well yeah that happens if you forcibly relocate millions of people ... see there also are very little jews in germany, 
  the eastern european states are lightweights in the eu tho . 
  hm maybe this concept is just not practiced where you live , but this is really how all elections are done in germany . 
  parties have a lead candidate that run for chancellor and the nyou vote for your local mp and your party . 
  the party numbers determine the relations in parliament then . 
  what 's wrong with the name . 
  this is literally how elections in germany are run . 
  that 's just not true . 
  his party won the last eu election so he got to be the president . 
  that 's kinda like saying nobody voted for merkel because people only voted for her party ... 
  well the eu or rather its predecessor organizations are what ended the franco-german enmity, 
  well yeah this is what the german government finally wanted to do away with . 
  the balkan states just decided that they will focus it all in greece by closing all borders and blocking any solution that wouldhve involved them taking in people aswell . 
  so what other solution has there been proposed ? 
  we ca n't work a system that puts the burden on only so few members like greece and italy in case of the dublin agreement . 
  well i would expect one of the boggest proponent of the idea of the eu to not want a brexit, 
  germany didnt try to make multiculturalism work in the last decade at least, 
  france is not germanys mum . 
  maybe it makes sense as the mum of the us . 
  if anything germany and france are old archenemies that grew to become friends, 
  my goodness what a terrible extremely biased article, 
  well sudan is not in europe, 
  as an eu citizen you can even go to any eu embassy, 
  no this is just about reclaiming what is rightfully germanys !, 
  well to make germany great again ( literally ) you need austria and western poland ... 
  let the tanks roll again ? 
  this has a vastly different connotation with germany . 
  there is no way nato should admit a member with an ongoing teritorial conflict, 
  belgium , the netherlands and spain changed their pictures . 
  that 's mean !, 
  how do we have the obligation to house them wherever they want ? 
  if they do n't like it where they are assigned they can go back to where they came from . 
  also you just need less money to live in hungary than in germany for example, 
  vehikel also exists in german , but fahrzeug is more common, 
  well you can drive very quickly . 
  my quickest personally was from garching to the a3 near nuremberg ( 146 km ) in 64 minutes , i only peaked at 185 kph though . 
  my car does n't drive faster, 
  honestly if the eurozone were to collapse i would expect a smaller currency union form shortly after . 
  the issue i see is that it would be tough for a lot of countries to transit to a new currency . 
  next up : list of countries that speak german the best as secondary language . 
  rank 1 : luxemburg, 
  why ? 
  you can get by very well without knowing english and just knowing german . 
  you can go to holiday to hotels for example where the staff speaks german , even outside of german speaking countries . 
  books and movies pretty much all get localized for the german market . 
  i do n't know how much localization is done for the polish market , but i would be highly suprised if there was done as much as for the german market .
