  merkel already had to use a lot of political capital to get greece just this bailout in 2015 . 
  that cost her quite a bit within her own party, 
  and yet merkel has been among those advocating a touher line on russia and not lifting sanctions, 
  good lord that is just vile and here being worse than hitler no matter how much you disagree with her is so extremely wrong . 
  hitler literally left the country ravaged, 
  right . 
  the effect is the same though and that is certainly helping merkel . 
  if the world seems less certain certainty gets valued higher . 
  not just the refugee crisis . 
  if that had been the case the drop would have been later in 2015 . 
  the first drop was the greek crisis in 2015 . 
  merkel had to put in a large amount of political capital to push through the third bailout, 
  if world leaders are still underestimating merkel by now they are morons . 
  i can absolutely understadn being against holding such an event in hamburg . 
  could have done that in much more remote areas which would have been way less inconvenience for the public . 
  ryanair is not flying to chechenia . 
  a flight to grosny is a bit more expensive than that, 
   there is a huge sea to the south . 
  a sea that can be traversed that has only european harbours that take sailors in distress . 
   if it was libyans coming that would be relevant but few are actually from there . 
  the main mediteranean route goes from lybia to italy . 
   safe countries ought to be determined by the un or echr els there is a conflict of interest . 
  i can agree on this . 
   by no doing it on the cheap and not putting different groups who hate each other together . 
  honestly i do not have confidence that this would be done especially not with how the public mood would be to introducde such camps, 
  and that surely works nicely when you have a natural barrier keeping refugees out naturally . 
   anyone illegally getting a boat from a safe country to the eu should be banned for life and deported . 
  how do you determine what is a safe country ? 
  lybia surely is not a safe country for example . 
   the main problem australia had was the camps became lawless and inter ethnic violence and abuse was rampant . 
  and why do you think that would be better in order of magnitude larger camps ? 
  and the australians got heavy criticism for human rights when they did that . 
  in europe i would think that system would just be struck down by the echr . 
  you think legitimate refugees should also not come to europe ? 
  and what is that supposed to mean ? 
  because that is just a meaningless catchphrase, 
  the thing is we need a solution for the issue and every possible scenario bar abolishing refugee status has the issue that legitimate refugees arrive in europe and have to be dealt with somehow, 
  because people are pissed of at the unwillingness of ee to cooperate in any way in dealing with this mess and funds are one leverage that can be used . 
  because there are legitimate claims of some to refugee status ? 
  do you think these should all just be the problem of border countries because they happen to be on the border ? 
  what choices does italy have ? 
  juts . 
  ot allowing ships to enter italian ports ? 
  just playing a game of hot potato ? 
  full on ever closer union is the eu as is . 
  that wont happen most likely though . 
  at least not before they get their situation with spain sorred out, 
  how is nominal gdp of a country useful when looking at goods that are produced and sold within that country ? 
  germany and austria are not that big of a progress . 
  just what you would expect of developed economies, 
  and while you work on that you propose to just fuck italy ? 
  allemanic dialects are a subgroup of german dialects ... 
  in the us there are dialects of english , but i would say that the german dialects are at least as diverse if not moreso . 
  no , not really . 
  more like bavarian is a dialect of german, 
  right . 
  realistically it is a german dialect that is similar to dialects in the rgeion . 
  that difference is growing bigger though because in germany less and less people are speaking these dialects . 
  what is a different language and what a dialect is is often a political question . 
  that said in generally alsatian is regarded a dialect of german . 
  that said you could also make a case for luxembourgish being a dialect of german , but the luxembourgish do n't like that . 
  that said german is only unified as a language in maybe the last 100 years . 
  before that it was a continuum of dialects which if people were far away from each other were simply unintelligible . 
  uhm is n't alstian just a dialect of german and not its own language ? 
  that is against european law to do though and against the international convention of human rihgts, 
  i think lots of roads can lead to authoritarianism . 
  that does not mean they have to or will . 
  uhm that is very obviously not illegal, 
  we have had that discussion for years though ? 
  it is also very obviously an issue, 
  my definition of crime ? 
  the stgb is not my definition of crime . 
  i think any company worth billions will try to keep its reputation good . 
  and of course i will see it because you can be damn sure people will just try to brigader andom shit and there will be reports on it, 
   because what the law is asking is unreasonable . 
  it demonstrates that the lawmakers do not understand how difficult it is what they 're asking . 
  this is going to have consequences that the lawmakers probably do n't want . 
  eg more censorship on social media just for germans it germans being shut out from certain social media . 
  the thing is the law makers tried to find more amicable solutions in the past , but these have failed to effectively reduce the issue . 
  it is of course a tradeoff , but lawless spaces were not deemed acceptable either and it is in the companies own interest to implement this best they can . 
   would you enjoy using reddit if a brigade reports your posts they get automatically removed ? 
  because that 's the type of stuff that you should expect if companies adhere to it . 
  at that point i would probably just leave reddit . 
  ye of course !, 
  just wanted to point out that he said `` checkmate schlomo '' when schlomo is a decidedly jewish name, 
  is tolerating lawless spaces a good alternative though ? 
  should crime on the internet just be tolerated ? 
   imagine if reddit automatically deleted ant of your posts if they were reported enough times . 
  and then maybe adds some of them back again . 
  do you think such social media would be nice to use ? 
  and in fact that would drive me away from such a site very fast . 
  of course sites like facebook could take such harsh measures , but that would just cost them their userbase in germany and give them bad pr globally, 
  maybe i missed something , but were n't the jews supposed to be the globalists ? 
  why should it be the responsibility of the german lawmaker to make sure google or facebook can implement this without massive costs ? 
  there also have been numerous attempts to find amicable solutions with the companies , but these have repeatedly not worked out so now you have to go in with law . 
  is n't that the problem of the sites though ? 
  why should our law be written so that it suits companies like facebook best ? 
  if twitter or facebook go overboard this wil absolutley bite them in their own butt . 
  why should facebook not be liable for spreading hatespeach when that is what they are doing ? 
  that is something me bs editorilization you pulled and is just a flat out lie in the title,
