  germany is also pouring a ton of money into the union , far more than the marshall plan ever did . 
  the german people will still not gote for policy that is directly bad for germany and themselves . 
  that just does not make sense . 
  germany only stands to lose from eurobonds . 
  that germany is more productive is alsoas much these countries politicians faul . 
  they could have underwent similar reforms to increase productivity . 
  also having your own currency is really not the cure so many people seem to proclaim it is . 
  countries like italy and greece joined the eiro to get out of that high inflatio , to get lower interest on bonds , to encourage invest , ent . 
  we also have germany being hurt by the euro , from investments being unprofitable because of the ecb or imports getting more and more expensive due to the undervalued currency . 
  and for your average joe it hardly matters if germanys exports go up , hut it does matter if say gas is becoming more expensive, 
  and with eurobonds we will just have germany , the netherlands and the other northern states be fully liable for southern european debts without any control over how these are made . 
  we will have money flow even more heavily from north to south, 
  well it is still mostly the same as the cdu, 
  like most germans are heavily against that . 
  that effectively would just expand the transfers out of germany, 
  if he campaigns for eurobonds he will be shred to pieces . 
  nah we also had the left and greens critisize her for being too harsh . 
  policies and also because they are far too ideological for my taste . 
  then vote cdu ? 
  no but if it definitely is not true that you are a terrorist or a pedophile . 
  southern germany is stronk in pretty much all of these maps, 
  it is a lot easier to make sense of written than of spoken dutch though . 
  not nearly to the extent we are seeing schulz touring right now though . 
  schulz and the spd are dominating coverage right now completely . 
  people dont know schulz and people hated gabriel . 
  we are also jusr seeing one sided campaigning right now . 
  cdu hasnt even started yet while . 
  schulz already is campaigning, 
  well yes and germany has been striving for a tighter monetary policy and that would be bad for german exports . 
  that said an undervalued currency is bad for your average joe pretty much unless he gets a job because of it, 
  if you do n't know who schr\u00f6der is i do n't think you are really qualified in any way to judge merkel . 
  schr\u00f6der literally was merkel 's predecessor . 
  chancellor from 1998-2005, 
  because that increases the accesibility of credit ? 
  uhm no not exactly . 
  moscow and washington were collaborating a lot more often than just during ww2 . 
  you could for example point to the suez crisis . 
  just because they are not as much in our normal field of view does not mean india and china are necessarily better . 
  i would say overall people feel more indifferent to china than the us or russia . 
  see i do n't support schulz , i think there is a good chance he would do things that would be not great for germany ( eurobonds for example ) , but i do not think it would be a complete disaster should he win ( which i also still think is somewhat unlikely ), 
  i would say right now this means nothing . 
  it means schulz is less hated than gabriel , but i would say schulz overall is not all that well known unless you are somewhat interested in politics . 
  as for how he is different than merkel : i would say primarily he is a bit more of a left winger and even more pro eu . 
  bavaria going strong, 
  ye it was mostly just meant as a joke . 
  to be fair germany was literally not allowed to have an army at the time . 
  they are kept in nato because of the geographic location and not because of the size of their army . 
  i agree that if the story is true the officer was wrong in doing as he/she did . 
  i just think it is an error that is something i could see happening without ill intentions and i rather honestly have the security at an airport be a bit overcautious with a device they are not familiar with . 
  you know you can distrust both russia and ukrainian propaganda ? 
  so where are we seeing russian militants firing something ? 
  all we are seeing here is something flying or at least all that i can see . 
  and they are represented in a system that gives everyone the same weight . 
  and honestly a large chunk of these issues where there is so much variance loally should be resolved locally . 
  that is why the us and germany are federal states, 
  the officer may not have known what that is ? 
  or rather may not have known how a breast pump looks like . 
  can we not have propaganda pages on here from either side ? 
  then when does greece transfer political control to berlin if it is expecting free money from there ? 
  also why should germany and other northern states want that ? 
  then do n't shame people for not wanting to do what you yourself do n't want to do . 
  so what would that solution be in your oppinion ? 
  just aid from other countries for greece ? 
  if yes i would advise you to call your personal mep to have him do something for norway to help greece out directly with some money . 
  do you think bankruptcy in greece would be a preferable alternative ? 
  that works both ways though . 
  it is not like the russian goal has been to advance their position . 
  that is why there is an upper house in germany too . 
  there is also parliament though were everyone is equal . 
  if smaller states do n't want to join fine by me . 
  and i think having the bundesrat the way it is is largely fine . 
  i just do think a parliament should be as representative as possible, 
  that poll was valid . 
  the issue is that while they polled how merkel and schulz squared up head to head in direct election , such an election is simply not happening . 
  we vote for parties not just for the chancellor, 
  right and i think that that is umdemocratic . 
  my vote as bavarian also doesnt matter more or less than someone from bremen fir federal elctions in germany even though there are vastly more bavarians, 
  so because there are fewer estonians their oppinion matters more than mine ? 
  that doesnt make much sense . 
  a german should , not be worth less than an estonian . 
  i know . 
  others might not know though, 
  one problem is that you ca n't build a state on areas that are so far apart economically at least not with extreme transfers . 
  i could see a european state consisting of the benelux , germany and france and like austria ( also the nordics , but those wo n't join ) , but much more can easily be problematic . 
  heck even italy which would be natural in such a scenario seems to far off economically . 
  and in effect it has made it undemocratic . 
  why should a man from kentucky have more say in who is president than a man from california ? 
  for europe : why should i as a german count less in elections than a dutchman ? 
  yeah i wish . 
  but the past years have shown that this is throughly unrealistic . 
  far too many are in the union just for when it is benefitting themselves . 
  a full on political union would have to be smaller and more homogenous than the eu is now . 
  uhm no . 
  in fact non leftist parties carry a solid majority, 
  and other institutes show similar trends , but the insa numbers just seem too far off . 
  insa shows only a six point difference between spd and union , while all other institutes show 12 points difference . 
  yeah it almost definitely happens that way too, 
  wouldnt emperor franz-josef of austria still be the second mightiest german ruler at the time ? 
  but a schloss is not small by definition . 
  for example versailles is referred to as schloss,
