  but ca n't the italian parliament remove that for any single politician where they deem it necessary ? 
  another question : is it possible for expats to vote in the referendum ? 
  well what other solutions do you think there can be . 
  if you tell people from hungary they have to fund germany they 'll just laugh in your face and rightfully so . 
  a system where the majority of taking in refugees is only done by a handful countries cant work either . 
  as for the uk well you are somehow always half in half out and i do n't think that is a good stance . 
  as for the general refugee issue i do n't see a solution without the eu working together instead of against each other, 
  yes , but just putting the strain on germany or austria is n't helping . 
  i think we need a european solution for the issues because just funneling people north is not solving anything, 
  the thing is the bottlenecks within germany occur aswell with the redistributioniwthin germany and the processing . 
  germany has to deal with these people . 
  in terms of refugees per citizen there are more refugees in austria than in germany . 
  austria is one of the countries that is taking in a big number similar to germany or sweden . 
  keep in mind that austria only has one tenth of the population of germany so the absolute numbers are significantly lower, 
  so then the bottleneck is in austria or germany ? 
  how does that solve anything ? 
  well i would guess that the white population in sweden is still significantly higher than the white population in the us, 
  antifa does n't have 20.000 strong rallies behind theirs also antifa is just a lot more present atm , which does n't make them any less bad just gets them less attention . 
  still saying the kzs are sadly no longer open is not acceptable at all also pirincci most likely had 0 say when his parents decided to move to germany for work most likely . 
  if countries do n't want to cede some national sovereignity they should n't have joined the eu, 
  i actually never thought about politicians usually blaming unpopular measure on the imf or the eu . 
  it was just never something that came to mymind because that just does n't happen usually in germany simply because the eu usually does n't do much without german consent andthe imf and germany really have no business with each other . 
  you could have voted a party in that had been more eu skeptic . 
  also the case of greece is a special one where the greek state just took obscene loans out and then had to be bailed out by the rest of the ez to avoid collapse, 
  may i ask you one thing ? 
  why did n't it bother you earlier that in a federal eu the influence of germany and france would possibly be even higher ? 
  it would just mean that things like the european parliament would need to be fari that every vote counts the same . 
  acutally during that vote the single czech vote counted more . 
  there were a lot more votes during the election of merkel simply by having more people in germany than there were in the election of the czech leader . 
  every country had exactly 1 vote, 
  the catch point is that nobody is forced to be a part of the eu . 
  if these countries hate being overruled to much they can still chose to just call quits and leave the eu, 
  yeah and romania made the choice to move closer towards the west and to the eu . 
  you ca n't detach the west and the eu . 
  you may not like it but western europe all voted the same on the issues . 
  it is not just merkel and hollande , but those are the heads because they simply are the heads of the two biggest states in europe . 
  no of course not . 
  i just said that for example in european elections a german vote counts significantly less than a maltese vote, 
  816km is still long and if the border to austria is closed they will try it via the czech border . 
  if that is closed they will try over the polish border, 
  hungary is also comlicit in the funnelling of refugees north . 
  the hungarian state is certainly responsible for driving refugees to the austrian border . 
  so fuck hungary right ? 
  yes totally different the circumstances certainly were , but there also were about an order of magnitude more refugees in germany at least . 
  the jails of greece are already occupied to 120 % of their capacity ( http://www.prisonstudies.org/highest-to-lowest/occupancy-level?field_region_taxonomy_tid=14 ) how do you want to jail a hundred thousand people ? 
  how do you want to pay for that ? 
  well yeah and 2/3 of the european gdp and a bit over 60 % of the population of the eu live in germany , france , the uk , italy or spain.i just feel a lot of eastern europeaners especially ( and to be honest it is really refreshing to see a person like you with hungary flair ) do n't seem to see it and just see that they can be overruled . 
   fuck what turkey wants . 
  they are clearly complicate in the smuggling . 
  you can say the very same about hungary or greece . 
  also how are you gon na force turkey to taket hese people back ? 
  what are you gon na do when they say no ? 
  these chapters and rules were written with world war 2 and mass refugees in mind also it has always been that people will disguise and try to game the system . 
  you have to detect these people and deport them . 
  also just ignoring treaties and international obligations can be an extremely slippery slope especially when those laws you want to change are those that grant basic human rights . 
   it is very practical . 
  see austria/bavaria border during g7 . 
  even no hardware involved . 
  it is practical to close of short spaces of the border and practice controls there . 
  you cant effectively close of thousands of kilometer of borders . 
   i 'm saying this is a case of massive , despicable hypocrisy . 
  what i said ? 
  why ? 
  you say on the one hand germany should close its borders and that would lead to the strain on these countries increasing and on the other hands you critzise germany for demanding other countries help aswell in this time of crisis . 
   the german press is only fit to be consumed on the toilet , where it belongs . 
  always a pleasure to read such statements from people that most likely do n't read the german press  the german press is only fit to be consumed on the toilet , where it belongs . 
  the last time i checked merkel had one of the highest approval rates in the western world and was elected by a big majority the last time she ran, 
  well western europe has significantly more power in the eu than eastern europe . 
  just the vast majority of people live in western europe ( and western europe is significantly richer ), 
  the other 27 eu heads of states all do n't have their own democratic mandate ? 
  how do you think they got there ? 
  nobody forces these countries to be in the eu and they should be aware that they can be overruled as long as they are ( as could most countries in the eu ), 
  if all votes were counted equally in european elections french and german voters would be having more power than they have right now . 
  currently the system is already set up to favour smaller countries . 
  in a system of true democracy germany would have significantly more weight than estonia , latvia , lithuania , croatia , slovakia , hungary romania and the czech republic combined . 
  i really feel you do n't want democracy . 
  you want power . 
  and with what money do you fund those greek jails ? 
  well and how can it do that with regards to international law ? 
  i mean sure you could sink the boats but i do n't think i have to explain oyu why you cant do that, 
  and why would turkey take these people back ? 
  how does that work with the un refugee convention that all european countries signed ? 
  how does that work with the eu charta of human rights ? 
  yes it is not practical to really close the borders of germany . 
  also it is pretty funny that you in the same line say that germany should just put the burden back on countries like greece bulgaria or other balkans and then shun germany for expecting these countries to do that as for that oppinion piece , i am sure you can find a very broad spectrum of oppinioon pieces over the german press . 
  also this is mostly just cricizing and exagerating merkels negotiations with erdogan . 
  germany is in the periphery ? 
  til, 
  germany already had an immigration surplus of 400k in recentyears, 
  both on this forum aswell as what is happening on the pegida marches . 
  just last monday one of their speakers said that `` sadly the kzs are no longer in use '' . 
  i listened to people from the afd in political talkshowws and i find the rethoric scary . 
  also what i find really sickening is that most of these people are fairly average citizens not even poor over here . 
  it is just the hatred that gets incited and that lead to the arson attacks or the stabbing on the now mayor of cologne . 
  i am pretty glad that the german state is slowlystarting to react more fiercely to that, 
  i do n't think i have changed my ownpersonal oppinion recently . 
  i just happened to be rather on a similar oppinion asthe german government so far, 
  yeah , but i can still condemn it even if it is a good way to make sure there is no asylum home, 
  i think the state should just jail these people, 
  yeah , i am very glad our german government is starting to take a more fierce position against this kind of extremism .
