  i just do not see politeness as weakness . 
  it is also a lot easier to discuss a topic in a polite way rather than insulting one another . 
  they are still fleeing from war and persecution then because they have n't found adequate sanctuary then though . 
  i also dislike putting humane in quotation marks . 
  i do think that concepts like human dignity need to be protectd where possible . 
  i do think that russian planes do repeatedly breach foreign airspace , but that is not something new . 
  i also do think that america is breaching russias airspace though . 
  that said i think it is just wrong from either side to fly these missions in a way that civilians are endangered . 
  i also just loathe the argument that you do it to me so i do it to you . 
  see , but because the russians may do it we do n't just get the right to fly missions in a way that it endangers civilians . 
  i honestly do not see something wrong with russia summoning the american military attache . 
  what would you think if the roles were reversed ? 
  how so ? 
  if the countries they passed can not provide for refugees in a humane way do we not have the moral responsibility to provide for those fleeing from war or persecution ? 
  that just is an issue with how his pension was set up and how the debt was legally set up . 
  most likely his `` pension and retirement insurance plan '' were just classified as private assets that were counted towards the plan of paying off his debt because the company was set up in a way that he is liable with his private property . 
  my grandparents actually lost everything in a similar way , but at least they still have their sons that help them ( or well my father and his wife for the largest part ), 
  gysi is probably the only guy from the left that i can think of that i somewhat like . 
  i may not agree with his views on a lot of topics but he is certainly a very able politician . 
  it is actually sad that he retired certainly the politician on the left that i respect the most ( you can think of me as a cdu kinda guy ), 
  who said in any way that people from north africa should be granted asylum ? 
  also i do not see the capabilities in the countries they crossed and i do not see what is wrong with europe taking in a part of those displaced by the syrian civil war . 
  no not incapable , but somehow helping people that are fleeing from war is just not seen as a bad thing, 
  the us is spending significantly less than 1.5 times the gdp of germany on military . 
  not even 1.5 times the gdp of poland, 
  yeah men let 's start a new war in syria !, 
  sounds iike a great idea to reduce the number of refugees !, 
  so you want like an spd-greens-left government ? 
  it is a concern of mine , just not one i am willing to risk the very existence of mankind over . 
  if a war were to occur our goal has to be to avoid it turning nuclear as it should have been had the warsaw pact attacked germany . 
  that kinda seem like the point . 
  you die in a pointless war a war with no good side , just less shitty sides . 
  fight for who ? 
  but it will cause that, 
  just the npt that most countries signed ? 
  why does it matter if the missiles being able to hit all of us are in kaliningrad specifically though ? 
  it is not like russia does not have missiles with sufficient range, 
  i mean if you look at the map that is poland 's position currently in case of war just as it had been germany 's for fifty years . 
  well germany should have also built nukes i guess then ? 
  i honestly would heavily prefer an occupied poland to global nuclear war . 
  heck i would prefer an occupied germany to a global nuclear war . 
  as the saying goes : better red than dead . 
  if a conventional russian attack occurs in poland or the baltics then i do n't want that war to turn nuclear yes . 
  and i do not trust the polish government to not resort to nukes if that were to occur . 
  of course it does . 
  just like the idea of a bavarian state exists far longer . 
  the idea of a german state was to have a state that incorporated all states that were considered `` german '' , which usually was defined as states where you speak german . 
  i do not want to deny the existence of an austrian identity , but what makes austria a state and not for example bavaria or w\u00fcrtemberg ? 
  these were also distinct states that far precede the idea of a german state . 
  the biggest difference i see is the development after ww2 personally . 
   i for my part love austria , not for the current state or accomplishements , but rather for the interesting history . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  i also love bavaria in a similar way , i would think . 
  in practice yes it has always been like that . 
  the thing is that the president has the right to dismiss the government and call for reelections and hofer said he wanted to do that . 
  probably turkey as the only one that is sufficiently large but they already have way over one million refugees . 
   hmm . 
  asking for nuclear sharing does n't seem crazy to me . 
  is poland in some way substantially-more-risky than any of the existing countries with nuclear sharing agreements ? 
  the main argument against it seems to me to be that the initial agreements were made during the cold war with both sides seriously prepared for conflict , and that despite recent rises in tension , things are less-serious now than they have been at various points in time in the past . 
  the main point i see is that you need a compelling reason to enact nuclear sharing and not really reasons against it . 
  also poland is already under the nuclear umbrella of the nuclear nato states . 
  one could also definitely argue that the nuclear sharing is already a breach of the npt . 
   if the eu federalizes , poland will wind up being a member of a country -- the european union -- which will almost certainly ( barring corbyn-alikes coming to power in the uk and france ) have its own nuclear arsenal . 
  if france is committed to that possibility , this is simply accelerating that process . 
  that is not going to happen though in the foreseeable future . 
   france may trust poland , but poland having nuclear weapons decreases what france brings to the table in the eu ( greatly so in the event of a brexit ) . 
  nuclear sharing is not supposed to give a country control over these nuclear weapons . 
  also keep in mind that germany , beligum , the netherlands and italy already have nuclear weapons under the sharing program and that has not really been a point that has really come up in the discussion of what france provides the eu . 
   if poland wants an independent nuclear program , that 's probably an non-proliferation treaty violation , and most countries have signed on . 
  the us is definitely pushing the limits of the npt with the existing nuclear sharing programs , and it 's not-incredibly-surprising that russia complains about it . 
  to be entirely-honest , i suspect that the us would complain at least as bitterly if russia started doing something similar with , say , north korea or cuba . 
  i do not think poland should leave the npt or at least expect heavy consequences if it does . 
  that would be basically asking for a russian intervention in my view . 
   concerns over long-term viability of nato and/or the eu if that were the case nuclear sharing wo n't help . 
  if for example the us were to withdraw from nato and close down their bases i would expect that this would also end the nuclear sharing program . 
  also poland has not exactly been working towards making these projects work long term . 
   concerns about eu and/or nato willingness to act is it really a wise idea though to allow a country like poland to decide if a war should go nuclear ? 
  i also think that if poland tries for its own nuclear program and withdraws from the npt i would also expect them to withdraw from nato and the eu because this could very easily provoke a war . 
  '  concerns about existing major military powers in defense arrangements using defense access as a lever against poland this is of course a risk , but creating a large instability to potentially solve this does not seem sensible at all . 
   concerns about credibility of eu and/or nato guarantees to potential opponents . 
  at the end of the day , it 's not primarily whether-or-not eu and/or nato nuclear weapons would actually be used that would be necessary for poland to win , since in the event of a nuclear war , people are all probably going to be worse off . 
  it 's whether russia believes they are . 
  i personally would find a polish arsenal a more-credible deterrent in some ways than merely an eu-and-nato arsenal ; the question is whether the gap between these is significant-enough to worry about . 
  this seems a huge argument against a polish nuclear arsenal though . 
  it would allow a war to escalate easier into a nuclear war . 
  all in all i see quite a number of reasons why it would be a bad idea to grant poland access to nuclear weapons and no real upsides and i am also from a country with no nuclear arsenal of its own ( though admittedly part of the nuclear sharing program ) and i do not see any real upside in having german nuclear weapons aside from shwoing people that we have a large penis . 
  we should cut greece out of the eurozone imo, 
  so to punish the greek governments ? 
  so to punish the greek governments ? 
  you skipped an order of magnitude there . 
  germany would get ( roughly ) 323 seats at 1 seat per 250k people while malta would get 2 . 
  germany has 80620k people not 8062k . 
  which german party that emerged after ww2 did not have former nazis in its rank ? 
  well it could be quite interesting what happens to nato if the us elects trump as president, 
  now the question are you not better off working for a lower wage than being unemployed ? 
  the german trade surplus is mostly outside of the eu though . 
  also germany had a very strong currency before all the time aswell and we did well on export . 
  before the crisis germany already started to pick up slack . 
  we were at our worst around 2005 .
