  that was one of the points of the pipeline, 
  i do n't know but i do n't belief germany has the capabilities to monitor 4 million people all the time, 
  article 12 of the slovak constitution : ( 2 ) basic rights and liberties on the territory of the slovak republic are guaranteed to everyone regardless of sex , race , color of skin , language , creed and religion , political or other beliefs , national or social origin , affiliation to a nation or ethnic group , property , descent , or another status . 
  no one must be harmed , preferred , or discriminated against on these grounds . 
  yes i know , i just think if you describe one part you should also describe allah . 
  also european armies used things like this aswell . 
  gott mit uns was a common on ( `` god with us '' ) . 
  firstly germany as the biggest central european country benefits from nord stream . 
  secondly there was and is the possibility to build arms of the pipeline towards poland and lithuania , but that got declined . 
  also how is that a problem for poland ? 
  also these pipelines are there to secure the gas deliveries directly from russia and to save transit fees . 
  russia sells gas and we need to buy gas . 
  there were never any issues between germany and russia regarding any gas deals . 
  i fully expect the new polish government to work against the interests of germany and against the decisions that were made in the eu but well it is the polish government , not my business . 
  which treaty do you mean that was suspended unilaterally by whom ? 
  also i did n't see countries like greece trying to prevent people from entering and i think in general that is rather pointless if you do n't want to use force to keep people out . 
  what hungary did was simply deflecting the people away from hungary, 
  does n't allahuakbar translate to god is great ? 
  is n't allah just the arabaic word for god ? 
  still the chances of dying in a terror attack are miniscule . 
  i do n't worry about other ways to die with similar probability so why worry about that one ? 
  so the a democratic majority decides something on a matter they were delegated the power to decide on and then that is called undemocratic ? 
  sorry is n't that exactly how democracy is supposed to work ? 
  well the german polish relations suffered heavily the last time they were in power and they already start to suffer again, 
  in the european council poland has one seat and germany has one seat . 
  in the european parliament germany has 96 seats and poland has 51 seats ( out of 751 ) . 
  how can germany outvote poland on any issue like this ? 
  also as much as germany pushed for that vote it is not like there was another solution because frankly sending everyone to germany or sweden is simply not an option, 
  man sometimes i think we should be setting up a copy paste for that for how often this answer is necessary, 
  and a large part of germans simply left the sub . 
  well the schengen agreement has been in place for how long ? 
  the game is officially cancelled now . 
  there are no official reasons yet . 
  oh sure if you want to smuggle illegal goods aplane is certainly not the preffered method . 
  still i think that it would be more applicable to acquire these goods locally after you travelled to europe . 
  also muslims can be deported but i think it is wrong to generally hate muslims . 
  there sure are more radicalised but still the vast majority is rather peaceful . 
  deporting all muslims is also completely unreasonable , there are lots of muslims and lots of those are normal people . 
  i have a bunch of muslim friends aswell, 
  well hey , you 're still way more likely to die in a traffic accident than in a terror attack . 
  it is possible yes . 
  on the other hande they could have just boarded an airplane . 
  thats safer and cheaper . 
  i think the goal of this was rather to increase tensions, 
  would it be reasonably easy to enter through those channels ? 
  absolutely . 
  that does n't change that if isis wanted to send fighters to europe a much easier approach would to take an airplane , with a false passport . 
  they went through that system to increase hatred between muslims and non-muslims to further confrontation not becasue they could n't enter the eu through other means . 
  honestly i do n't care if a person is a muslim . 
  i do n't care if a woman wants to wear a headscarf , as long as they live by wetern values . 
  i do n't mind if a friend of mine prefers to wear a headscarf . 
  i would mind if she had to wear it because her brother forced her to . 
  but at that point the us was already sending supplies to the uk and france . 
  they had picked their sides already and declaring war allowed to incercept these supplies `` legally '' . 
  russia under putin should n't be joining the eu either . 
  and which factions represents their homeland ? 
  there simply is no moderate faction in syria . 
  there is no such thing as an exile syrian government or a common syrian cause like there was a polish exile government or a polish cause . 
  syria is not united , but rather splintered, 
  or it indicates that those that would most likely be forcibly conscripted and those most physically able flee the civil war ? 
  and who should they be loyal to ? 
  to the rebels ? 
  to assad ? 
  to isis ? 
  uhm how about israel ? 
  there was no civil war in poland tho , that was a foreign invasion . 
  also it is quite cynical to condemn isis and then send people to syria and tell them to fight possibly even for isis depending on where they end up, 
  yeah if there occurs another terror attack in the next few weeks i would expect shit to really really hit the fan . 
  i would n't expect france to care thatmuch baout it and i think turkey would also basically be required to standa with nato anyways even if they do n't like it, 
  i could certainly see it happen with the eu article invoked now, 
  article 5 of the north atlantic treaty has n't been invoked so far , right ? 
  that still does n't change that the driving ideological force for these wars were nationalistic and that these wars also had wide public backing at the time . 
  these wars were based on national pride pride and proving the superiority of their respective countries aswell as earlier conflicts . 
  in essence it boils down to controlling public oppinion . 
  to go to war you need the public backing it for the start at least and you do n't necessarily need a totalitarian state for that to work , although it certainly helps . 
  also the country does n't need to be under an actual threat . 
  what matters is a perceived threat . 
  nazism at its core was an extremely nationalist ideology . 
  and even before that hundreds of thousands died for nationalism . 
  think for example the franco prussian war led to more than 150 thousand dead more than 200 thousand wounded and more than 450 thousand soliders capturede . 
  world war 1 has a death count of military of 10 million people . 
  world war 2 had 24 million soldiers dead and almost 50 million civilians dead . 
  today we measure the dead in exact numbers because the numbers are low enough . 
  back then the numbers were in the hundreds of thousands and millions . 
  thanks for a nice temper tantrum !, 
  i highly doubt that islamism can even come close to the deathcount that happened under the flags of nationalism . 
  tens of millions died due to extreme nationalism ... 
  nationalism commited far worse crimes . 
  think for example of world war i or world war ii . 
  well that race thinking has brought one of the most gruesome wars over europe . 
  people just do n't think in races here in europe , it is mostly anachronistic these days . 
  people are not differering on races , but rather on culture and religion . 
  look at it when you see hate here it is directed at muslims which just is not a race , it is a religion . 
  you know that logic is seriously fucked up ? 
  you can use this to justify anything then . 
  you can use this to justify slaughtering the jews , you can use this to justify the invasion of poland , you can use this to justify killing people critical of the government , after all you got ta protect your people and look out for them . 
  yeah fuck human rights who cares about those anyways ... 
  so you propose we build reception centers at the borders of europe and examine people there and then distribute them across europe ? 
  or is your solution to just let nobody looking for asylum enter europe ? 
  how does your solution comply with the eu charta of human rights and the geneva refugee convention ?
