  it absolutely is subject to criticism , but saying that satire is unnuanced is not valid criticism for satire as it is not necessarily supposed to be nuanced but rather it is supposed to be over the top, 
  it is harping on what a lot of people think . 
  the uk demands special treatment all the time, 
  yes , but they did n't lose it now . 
  they lost it in 2011 . 
  the elections in bw in 2011 were 2 weeks after fukushima happened, 
  the cdu lost baden-w\u00fcrtemberg to the greens in the wake of fukushima . 
  also most polls do n't have the greens at 36 % . 
  if anything the spd lost to the greens in bw . 
  the only consequence if the afd gains even more traction would be to force a government more to the left ... 
   yes the fact that a huge amount of those coming over are not refugees , and do not get refugee status yet still vanish into the eu with no registration . 
  and everyone agrees that people that dont get protection shall be sent back . 
  this is causing practical problems though , ones that were suppoed to be tackled by the solution via hotspots . 
   plus you 're naive if you think a syrian who travelled all the way to germany is going to go back when the war is over . 
  i have not said anything like that i just pointed out that that is german law . 
  i can also point you at the 90 % + of refugees from the yugoslav wars that returned . 
   if they were going to do that there and were just interested in safety they had no reason to leave turkey , or greece , or macedonia , or serbia , or austria ... we know that most of them are interested in having a future mostly . 
  i do n't think we have the luxury of not negotiating with leaders just because we do n't like them . 
   nothing says refugees have to , or even should be allowed , to stay in a host country once the conflict is over is anyone saying something else ? 
  that is kind of the core of asylum that people have to go back once the conflict is over and also how it is seen in germany . 
  maybe i am unaware where are they spreading false informations , other than in the obvious parody segment on `` the brit '' ? 
   in return , eu countries would voluntarily decide to carry out active resettlement programs from the u.n. refugee agency facilities . 
  thanks to this , incentives to undertake dangerous sea crossings would decrease . 
  is n't that the critical part of the deal with turkey that the v4 are so opposed to ? 
  are they a little bit biased ? 
  yes probably , but i would say the heute-show politically is to the left of the german government . 
  it also often takes jabs against the german government and it certainly is not biased to the point where they are not allowed to speak against the government . 
   that they run a public station also prevents them antagonizing the government do you really believe that ? 
  yes it is satire . 
  reading dutch is an awful lot easier than listening to it, 
  turkey did not sign that convntion, 
  i havent seen any other reasonable propositions, 
  well that is what merkel is trying to get to thats why we have to negotiate with turkey, 
  well she only says that all the time so ... she just eoesnt want to end this at qll cost, 
  jobless europeans can apply for asylum aswell ... 
  well this is something only the far right does in germany aswell and this is where the afd is drifting, 
  i guess italy and greece are just not part of that concept ? 
  well if sacrificing greece a memberstate of the european can be the cost of a viable plan . 
  i do n't think we should act with such disregard for a member state . 
  i also do n't see how this will fix the problem of people fleeing and people looking to switch to other routes . 
  that is literally the same course as eur to dm, 
  your baseline number in 2000 also shows germany in a big crisis while the 2008 crisis hit germany the least out of the western wolrd, 
  really ? 
  i think the biggest `` stack '' of 500 $ notes i ever saw were 14 for buying a used car . 
  in general buying cars is done in cash quite a lot over here even for sums  20k $, 
  honestly i do n't have that much money that it would go into the mulitple kilograms ( we would be talking about several millions here ) . 
  i could deposit my entire savings in the vault of my bank . 
  you really need to be multimillionaire for that to not be viable . 
  i highly doubt `` the people '' have a clue of fiscal and economic policy . 
  is n't one of the biggest problems that the different countries just need different measures ? 
  for example if the bundesbank were in charge for germany we probably would have seen interest rates raised again , but that is something you can not do due to other countries, 
  how is that even supposed to work ? 
  as soon as there is negative interest people will just move from banks into cash . 
  almost nobody has sums that are impractical in cash . 
   lower/negative interest rates makes it so you do n't want to horde your savings on your bank account , because doing so will cost you money . 
  if it cost me money to store money in a bank account would n't it be more useful to store it as cash ? 
  i mean the savings of a normal person are not really a giant stack of notes . 
  even 1 million euro is just 2.2 kg in 500 $ notes . 
  actually spain , portugal and greece combined have a slighly higher population than italy ( 68m vs 60m ), 
  no , but it is part of the network . 
  it being in english should tip you off that it is not the german bbc, 
  thats where the nazis staged a polish attack on germany to start the invasion of poland in 1939, 
  surely the difference between southern bavaria/austria and the rest of germany is more distinct , but still there is quite anoticable difference for example if you go to swabia, 
  i live and grew up in bavaria ... my point was that other regions in germany are also quite distinct . 
  yes of course but there is not that much more than between say bw and schleswig, 
  sounds like a plan !, 
  interestingly the radio tower in gliwice ist highest wooden structure in the world at 118m, 
  that may seem a bit implausible considering gliwice is 300km from the polish german border . 
  and we would see a swift greek defeat ? 
  gleiwitz is pretty far from the german-polish border these days though . 
  if anything prussia evolved from the margraviate of brandenburg . 
  as for the term : `` annexation ( latin ad , to , and nexus , joining ) is the political transition of land from the control of one entity to another '' that is what happened to a good chunk of prussia . 
  it got annexed by poland . 
  well there had to have been contingency plans, 
  well you made sure we were not one :p still austria is not that much different than another different region in germany would be, 
  france was on my shortlist aswell . 
  it just ca n't beat out austria in that question, 
  well germany also has shared us nukes for example ... 
  well you could certainly make a case , that was just my oppinion . 
  and yes i was talking about germany as a state and a german state only exists since 1871/1867, 
  have you even read what the german proposals were ? 
  because they were nowhere close to opening any flood gates, 
  that is not eve n accounting that like 70 % of refugees in turkey are not in these camps . 
  if she does n't care for greece at all why would she have paid attention to what the greek government wanted in the euro crisis and looked to keep greece in the ez and eu ? 
  would n't if that was her attitude have been much easier to force a grexit ? 
  the german pulbic was quite opposed to bailing out greece again . 
  also when has she bulldozed her way through ? 
  does n't this crisis very well show that she can not do that ? 
  really what makes you think that ? 
  because this makes it sound like th problem is over and done with , which it basically is not . 
  the netherlands just split off way earlier and as such their language is significantly different from what we speak as german today, 
  i think we are too young a country to truly be twins . 
  we are more rivals and close allies by now, 
  prussia kinda got dismantled . 
  half of it is in poland now, 
  germany is roughly half protestant half catholic . 
  austria also does n't really have a different culture at least not more than the different regions in germany have different culture . 
  also the term of german was only really based on the langauge that was what was uniting all the different german states . 
  there just were the two big ones in prussia and austria at the time . 
  they fought a war and the prussian led alliance won so the southern parts of now germany eventually joined the north german federation .
