  criticism is not stifled or condemned . 
  what is stifled and condemned is violence and people behaving like nazis . 
  i also really do n't know what newspapers you read that everyone is arguing only pro refugees . 
  that is just not true . 
  there has been a lot of criticism of merkels politics lately in big newspapers aswell . 
  people just condemn arguments like `` we do n't muslims cause fuck muslims '' also is n't it right to call someone literally posing as hitler a nazi ? 
  also i would be a lot more scared if merkel made politics that directy contradicts the german constitution . 
  also keep in mind that these protests are pretty much only regional to dresden and nowhere else in germany . 
  honestly if someone told me that was some british guy speaking i would have believed it and his german also sounds basically like a native speaker, 
  we cant change anymore that there were 12 milion refugees in germany after ww2 . 
  that is a historical fact, 
  i proposed nothing i just stated facts, 
  yes calling it unimportant was probably wrong it just did n't ring any bells in my head . 
  probably cause military operations are hardly ever being mentioned by name in our history lessons , the only exemption being barbarossa or at least that is the only one i recall . 
  no there was never talk about specific operations . 
  we learend about the fights over britain the fight for air dominance , the bombings of london . 
  in general i think we never mentioned or at least i can not recally any operation but barbarossa . 
  yeah it is all covered just not as in depth as the time leading up to the war . 
  see one thing people want to avoid is to glorify the nazis and the military and they undeniably had military successes aswell . 
  we talked about the war , but more as a sequence of events , call it very dry if you want . 
  i learned about the battle of britain , the campaign in north africa and of course about d-day , but the war is just not the focus . 
  you mention the treatment of jews and hitlers ideology fairly to the end but those are the most important points in how the nazi time is seen . 
  also it is not like that stuff is buried at all after all the nazi era takes up about a full year in the history curriculum . 
  it is just a lot more focussed on germany and to post war germany the battles outside of germany were not something you wanted to glorify . 
  also denazification obviously plays a role . 
  i sometimes doubt there is a country where the nazis are loathed as much as in germany . 
  people do n't want to be associated in any way with them . 
  people do n't want to be proud of the achievements of the nazis . 
  i would not call it shame or embarrassment , that is not what it is people are not ashamed of admittingwhat happened or embarrassed it . 
  i would call it loathing or hatred towards the nazis . 
  see to this day being called a nazi is about the harshest way to insult someone in germany . 
  it took to this day that people slowly start joking about the time . 
  it took until 06 that you saw german flags in public and still they are basically contained to international football games . 
  that era is just defining modern germany , you can find the influence everywhere . 
  this is not about burying . 
  nobody is talking about the victories of nazi germany either , the military side is just not something there is big talk about it . 
  the war isonly seen as a part and most certainly not the most important part . 
  what gets stressed is the rise of the nazis and the racism , the racist laws , the events leading up to the war , but not the actual war itself . 
  in a way 1933-1939 is a lot more in depth than 1939-1945 . 
  it just also does n't matter that germany overran france much of eastern europe to be finally repelled by the soviets and then later the allies came and bombed germany . 
  not even the desstruction and the bombing of germany is usually covered extensively . 
  i remember it more as reporting and learning facts rather than the parts about the kzs ( it is the norm in germany for all school classes to visit a kz or another nazi monument , for example my class did n't visit a kz , but rahter the nuremberg rally grounds due to where i grew up ) and the persecution of the jews , the suppression of political enemies , the porgorms of 1938 ( which are by the way one of the reasons why november 9th is n't the national holiday of germany ) . 
  after that you learn a lot about the occupation and how the frg and gdr came to be . 
  i feel like in britain you may learn a lot about the actual war , but in germany the much bigger focus is on the nazis , the politics of them and not the military side , because then you would also have to discuss the sucesses of the nazis and people want to avoid that, 
  yeah but it is more of an unimportant operation that was never carried out . 
  people are aware of what happened during the nazi era , but people do n't know specific operations . 
  maybe people no operation barbarossa , but not so much more . 
  also the military side of ww2 is not something that is talked about in depth , people over here really dislike glorifying the military, 
  there were around 12 millions in germany after world war 2 . 
  i propose we move the european capital to berlin . 
  makes decisions a lot easier ** / s **, 
  well at least one thing i am pretty certain off is that germany wo n't reach a new peak in total number of refugees for the foreseeable future, 
  i just want to remind you that 75 years ago germany was massacring jews , slavs and other minorities ( gypsies for example ) and today germany is probably the `` most liberal gayropeans '' . 
  germany went from a state that was violently fascist , expansionist and war driven to a liberal democracy that we are today, 
  and do n't forget that well over 50 % of those will be declined asylum ... 
  well you were not coming to apply for asylum . 
  also i do n't think there is a civil war going on in poland , if there was you could be sure that there would be lots of people getting asylum in germany . 
  also you ca n't get deported back if/when the situation in syria stabilizes . 
  it is certainly not all roses, 
  taking care onto the same level you get in norway ? 
  also keep in mind that in general jordan ought to be cheaper keep in mind that the gdp per capita in norway is 13 times what it is in jordan, 
  yeah because france and germany are not paying into the eu aswell . 
  also somehow money seems to be only a topic in the uk all the time in regards to the eu . 
  also germany pays in the most to the eu ( around 175 % of what the uk does ) and france and italy also pay in more . 
  is the uk that weak that it ca n't be a counterbalance a different voice to germany or france ? 
  the uk , germany and france are just the three biggest most powerful states in europe . 
  also why the fuck do you think anybody wants the uk to be a `` province of germany '' . 
  it would be a lot easier if the uk worked constructive on eu matters and not demand special treatment all the time, 
  well you already have that right anyways . 
  find a job here and you can live here . 
  well the french also were traditionally for that , just that france seems to be pretty fucked internally atm, 
  merkel is fluent in english and russian . 
  no it will certainly not be a pleasant thing to do to send people back , just as it was n't pleasant to send bosniaks back after the yugoslav war ended . 
  hard decisions have to be made . 
  also i think we should n't muddle immigration and asylum because they are signficantly different . 
  you could also of course say that germany should nto take any refugees because after all they have to pass a safe country to come to us , but leaving greece and italy alone with the issue again is not solving any problems . 
  as for economic refugees as our chancellor said repeatedly that those that come to germany only for economic gain will have to be sent home . 
  i personally think it is good that we hvae this discussion and that this will possibly lead to a change in german and european foreign policy . 
  i am also quite glad that this is leading to a real immigration law in germany , because it is madness if the second most popular immigration target worldwide has no proper immigration law . 
  you also mentioned entitled people , but i think that these people are part of the groups is a given . 
  you can pick up single cases to make an argument for and against takiing in refugees , but after all the vast majority of the people are still rather somewhere in the middle, 
  that is absolutely absurd . 
  also nobody has been throwninto jail and there is no dictatorship in germany . 
  you complain about propaganda and yet you post this fearmongering bullshit, 
  granted that it being on the rise might mean that they could manage to get the 5 % required to get into the parliament next election , assuming the afd does n't fall apart before that . 
  also current polls have them at 6-7 % , which certainly is a rise , but still pretty low , if you compare it to other european countries, 
  the baltics were surely also really happy under soviet rule !, 
  read around a bit on the sub, 
  i just still find it extremely weird that there is no proper public health system in place in the us and that you seriously have discussion abut topics like abortion and that religion is an important topic in your elections . 
  in some aspects the us just seems to be really backwards, 
  because those countries do n't bother with unimportant things such as human rights obviously ... 
  and most american politicans in america would be viewed as center-right in germany and some of the republicans as right wing extremist nut jobs . 
  and then who does decide which cities to get bombed which civilians are left to live and how do you prevent a rise of anti western terrorism ? 
  also what reason for this missionn is there that justifies a large scale military intervention ? 
  what gives us the rise to stage such an intervention ? 
  that we can do it ? 
  sure we can , we could probably also establish puppet governments across all ofafrica and effectively colonize it again ... 
  so you propose imposing a military government in lybia provided by the eu similar to the government that was established in germany post world war ii ? 
  oh then i get what you said wrong , it is just so easy to just read what the majority of this sub apparantly thinks . 
  i actually figured it has to be the other way around that you set countries as safe to make it easier to deport those back .
