  if you do n't want a western way do your own thing then . 
  see i can understand that poles do n't like being threatened , but do n't forget that poland was also completely uncooperative in the matter . 
  what do you think should western nations have done ? 
   i know that the stream of asylum seekers has deminised which is great both for us and for them . 
  i do n't think a quota system is ever gon na be implemented properly they do n't want to go to eastern europe , and eastern europeans do n't want them . 
  and why should we care where asylum seekers want their asylum ? 
  if they do n't want it then let them go back . 
  https://www.dst.dk/en/statistik/emner/indvandrere-og-efterkommere/asylansoegninger-og-opholdstilladelser are these the proper danish statistics on asylum applications ? 
  because honestly those numbers seem rather low . 
  i know denmark is not a big country but 9000 asylum seekers in one year does n't strike me as huge, 
   geography does play a role , but realistically getting to europe from some of these places is n't a cake walk either . 
  short of turks/moroccans-nobody in mena ( let alone central asia ) has a quick and easy route into europe . 
  migrants would have to trek hundreds of kilometers or attempt a dangerous crossing of the mediterranean . 
  no it is not easy or quick ( which is also why it is ridiculous to say that merkel caused this crisis ) , but it is possible and a good chunk of these people are desperate . 
  we already have seen people attempt these journeys in the hundreds of thousands . 
   what also plays a role is the success of previous migrants . 
  when you let every migrant who shows up at your doorstep in , more will come . 
  when you openly invite migrants , more will come . 
  and where should you put these people ? 
   some countries ( such as libya ) are not safe for large numbers of people . 
  countries like tunisia and egypt ( which border libya ) are . 
  it 's much easier to get to those countries than it is to get to europe . 
  if people would like to apply for european asylum while residing in a camp in tunisia or egypt , then they should be able to . 
  if you allow people residing in camps like these to easily apply for asylum in europe ( or canada ) you 'll get far more people applying for asylum in these countries . 
  you also just have the issue that turkey or egypt are not obligated to let these people back in if they leave . 
   some countries ( such as libya ) are not safe for large numbers of people . 
  countries like tunisia and egypt ( which border libya ) are . 
  it 's much easier to get to those countries than it is to get to europe . 
  if people would like to apply for european asylum while residing in a camp in tunisia or egypt , then they should be able to . 
  i think you are vastly overexagerating here . 
  we have seen security concerns , but not associated with syrians . 
  not with those that have a realistic chance at asylum . 
  there is also certainly no `` extreme economic impact '' by this crisis and nor is there a large cultural impact . 
   greece specifically was already in a rough place economically , and now they 've been hit even harder because they 're dealing with thousands of migrants . 
  countries like belgium have serious security problems associated with lack of assimilation and migration . 
  right greece has a very unlucky position geographically . 
  belgiums issues are also not connected to this crisis . 
  right , but i would also doubt that many things indicated that the warsaw pact and the ussr would fall apart in 1980, 
   i think the deal with turkey is a good thing , no matter how much of an arsehole erdogan is , i think we should make similar deals with other north african countries like libya , tunisia , algeria , and morocco . 
  i agree . 
  that said it is problematic because for example lybia does not even have an intact government  my basic problem with the current policy is just that we receive too many , and we have no possible chance to integrate them all . 
  would n't it be a lot easier to accomplish if we dispersed them more evenly across the union ? 
  we are far below 1 % of actual people in the eu as people applying for asylum . 
   that wo n't work out on the long term , as social issues will continue to grow , and natives will become increasingly unhappy about paying for welfare for people who have never paid into the system again this is only a huge problem if the influx stays as big ( which seems extremly unlikely currently ) and less so if you disperse the burden . 
   i do feel for legitimate asylum seekers from syria i feel a lot of people/countries feel for them , but are completely unwilling to help then ( note that this is not aimed at you or denmark specifiaclly ), 
  a lot of things can change very rapidly, 
  how many articles do we really need about things gabriel said ? 
  i think i saw 4 so far about one interview, 
   to what extent the asylum seekers should be allowed liberty to choose where/which eu country to seek asylum ? 
  in my oppinion : little to none . 
  i can see a good case that it might be better to group people with their friends and family though at least . 
   why do you think there are so few applications by the recent asylum seekers to ee countries ( except of course as we all know that ee countries are super racist ) ? 
  because people believe they can go wherever they want and they prefer western europe and i ca n't blame them for that . 
  europe has to shut that door though . 
  the idea that asylants should be free to chose where they go is just not practicable in my oppinion . 
   if relocation had to be forced and an asylum seeker would still refuse to go to an ee country , do you think such a person should lose the asylum seeker status ? 
  if so , why ? 
  is n't that person in need of asylum anymore even if his or her country of origin is a warzone ? 
  if a person is granted asylum and told where they can go and then do n't ? 
  yes i do think that these people should not be granted asylum somewhere else then . 
  if you were to allow that it would make the whole system pointless . 
  if a person is truly in need they should not be complaining that they get sent to bulgaria , but should rather be happy that they have found safety now . 
  you ca n't force people to take asylum even if they would qualify . 
  that is also fundamentally why it is fine to give people the option to go back when they do n't want to take the offer of asylum . 
   i think i asked you those questions already but i 'm curious if anything changed . 
  that might very well be . 
  i do n't think i changed my views on these matters very much recently though . 
  ok , then just out of curiousity what is your problem with the current asylum system and what alternative would you propose ? 
  i did n't say anything against you . 
  then what is the problem with say ten thousand people in poland . 
  you ca n't tell me that a country of almost 40 million people would have a major problem with that or that it would be a major part of the population or that you could not build up the ressources to handle this . 
  nobody is asking of poland or other eastern european states to take in numbers nearly as large as germany is taking in , that would be stupid to demand . 
  just everyone should play their part , even if it may be a small one . 
  the idea originally was also to check upon arrival and those who are deemed to have a high chance of approval to be redistributed . 
  and of course borders are there for a reason , but we have the schengen space which means we have to check at the outer borders of that which in return means we need a different common asylum system than the one we have currently in the dublin system because that just leads to people wandering uncontrolled across europe, 
  now there is one huge difference between europe and canada thoug ha nd that is geography . 
  europe ( or at least a number of countries ) are also taking in refugees from these camps as canada does , but while you ca n't realistically get to canada from africa or the middle east without taking a plane / ship you can very much get to europe if you are determined and then you have these people on your doormats applying for asylum . 
  also saying that countries like lybia for example are safe is just not true . 
  at which point then also should people be able to apply for asylum ? 
  should it be possible to apply only when they are already in europe ? 
  and no we should not set ourselves on fire , but we are also not doing that , not even close . 
  we should also not abandon basic principles lightly and the right to asylum belongs here in my oppinion . 
  the eu has been trying to put a common asylum policy in place for well over the decade . 
  we had the dublin system and we saw it crumble in the face of the refugee crisis and has been blatantly ignored by a number of countries ( including yours and mine ) . 
  so you would agree then it would be illegal in hungary to deny a person asylum because of their religion ? 
  that it would be illegal to say that we do n't want any muslims regardless of them having legitimate reasons because they are muslims ? 
  because that is what has been happening and that is also what merkel is critizing in the interview ( i ahve to admit i did n't fully read the article , but i watched the interview it is referring to ), 
  because this is very thinly veiled discrimination based on religion in my oppinion . 
  right and then you have to decline these people and send them back . 
  it is obviously a problem , but i do not think we should take away the right to appeal a decision that is critical to a persons life . 
  but even if it might take 1-2 years to send those people back then we will have to do that . 
  we just have to make sure that we properly register them so that they can not try again . 
  at least i just do not see a good solution to the problem . 
  so then to what extent would you say countries should participate in support of asylum in the eu ? 
  or would you be in favour of abandoning asylum completely ? 
  would you not say that it is discriminating at least to say that you do not want to have muslims in your country at all even if they have legitimate claims to asylum ? 
  would you say that it is fine to discriminate on religious grounds ? 
  almost all came before the oil crisis in the late 60s, 
  yeah man . 
  i mean merkel was a teenager at the time , but obviously totally her fault !,
