  this is also not about immigration . 
  this is about asylum . 
  i went to a general school in bavaria . 
  just in an area where almost everyone was catholic so you got these discrepancies . 
  of 120 pupils in my grade we usually only had like 12 people in protestant religion clases and 90 in catholic class . 
  the point is you do n't need to guarantee anything for 40 million years . 
  you can build soemthing that lasts 100 years and then you do proper maintenance and build something new if the old bunker does not suffice anymore . 
  i do not know a place in germany where i would build such an area because ideally you want to be in a remote location , but you could easily get an area in north sweden for example and place it under military protection . 
  i guess the difference is that i do n't really think you need a place where you can store it for 40 million years . 
  you need a place for the mid term future and wait for scientific progress or if that does n't happen you can keep large buildings to store the waste . 
  nuclear waste is n't such huge quantities . 
  see i am not an engineer , but i am sure you could build a building so that you could safely store a few thousand tons of nuclear waste there . 
  the only thing this really does is get rid of the concept of a final dumping place and honestly why do we need that ? 
  well school trips can be mandatory . 
  i do n't think it is crazy to get children in touch with other cultures , be it a mosque , a synagogue or a buddhist temple . 
  they actually have to offer protestant and catholic classes at least in bavaria , even if there are less than 8 pupils for the class . 
  for a while there was a protestant class going on with 3 people at my school, 
  but you do n't get to send a political message that way . 
   and fining somebody for making a child miss one day in school is not normal . 
  should n't be , at least . 
  why ? 
  at least make up an illness of your child if you want to have it not in school for that day . 
  schooling is mandatory . 
  you went to school in germany and never visited a major nazi site ? 
  i personally did not go to a kz , but we visited the nazi party rally grounds in nuremberg, 
  yes i can see concerns there , but i think it is doable and it is viable to deal with nuclear waste in this way . 
  which recent fuck up where you referencing btw ? 
  nobody is going to auschwitz in german schools . 
  have you tried looking at a map of where auschwitz is ? 
  i know that a lot of people went to buchenwald or dachau though . 
  but yeah remembering is obviously a bad thing ... 
  but you have to trust someone to do a good enough job . 
  in every sort of powerplant . 
  and you can implement very heavy checks, 
  school trips can be made mandatory . 
  does n't matter where the school trip is heading, 
  if you are doing solid maintenance ? 
  i doubt that that would leak, 
  how does something get into groundwater through say 10m of solid concrete ? 
  france has a share of foreigners/migrants slightly below germany even when discounting all refugees . 
  in 2010 france had a rate of 85 % native french where germany in 2012 had 80 % native germans . 
  numbers taken from : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_germany#migrant_background https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_france#ethnic_groups, 
  if you cut fuel tax people will also only really notice that they now have to pay maut and not really notice that fuel is now slightly cheaper , which i think is the bigger problem for the csu, 
  i also do not believe that this is going to happen , but this is pretty much the only scenario that makes sense to consider because it is the only country outside nato that would have the military capability to leave a real dent on europe in europe . 
  because the proposal was retarded . 
  i am at this point not even sure if it was really supposed to pass . 
  the point was exactly to discriminate against non germans and apparently the people that drafted the proposal did n't think this through ... 
  i think also a large part was that they were desperate to not come off as another cash grab from germans so they made a law they should have known wo n't hold up in european courts . 
  also any other way of lifting the burden on germans will to some extent change who is paying . 
  so the planned rebate is stupid i know , but outside of that the maut is not that different from the maut in austria . 
  you just need to cut somewhere where it is less obvious like reducing fuel tax, 
  germany and italy combined have almost as large a military budget as russia , but the notion that our two countries could defeat the russian army is laughable . 
  money does not directly translate into military victory, 
  but if russia invades a good chunk of europe will be ravaged by war no matter what , in particular almost all of eastern europe , possibly finland , but little of western europe . 
  central europe is split between western and eastern europe and i think that such a war would not go too far into germany or austria , but rather be contained to the former soviet zone of influence . 
  i do n't think nato is on the table . 
  i am not away either side wants out of that, 
  i would n't say this is all that common because people generally just send their kids to school and if they do n't and get fined i would think most just pay the fine and not take it to court, 
   if you miss a random day and say the kid was sick i do n't know what happens they ask you to write this down and sign it and nothing more comes of it . 
  heck if they said on that school trip the kid was sick and could n't attend because of that most likely nothing would have happened . 
  if you get fined for something and do n't pay the fine wo n't you get taken to court in italy too ? 
  in germany school is mandatory . 
  if you do n't send your kid to school you get fined . 
  if you do n't pay that fine you get taken to court . 
  what is so unbelievable about that ? 
  because you only count those that can also take up work and are looking . 
  it is like a housewife wo n't show up in these statistics either . 
  you probably get downvoted because it is a pretty stupid question . 
  it also has the practical barrier of you having to speak german in germany too . 
  you can still look at the change and look at things like eurostat to compare them . 
  the asumption that we is over the limit is just not true though . 
  my country has taken in the most refugees and i think you could reasonably say that countries like austria , germany or sweden are over the limit , but western europe over all ? 
  not at all . 
  look at how laughably few france took in . 
  why should nuclear waste be an unsolvable problem ? 
  we just know that we ca n't utilize it right now . 
  it is also not like we are talking about giant volumes of waste that is produced . 
  why can you not build large storage facilities for nuclear waste in areas where there is practically no population edit : also how is coal less of a dead end technology ? 
   maut like the one austria is imposing ? 
  then you got it !, 
  i always thought that this is a catholic tradition considering nov 1st is only a holiday in catholic parts of germany . 
  is n't the point though that coal could be sinking as fast as nuclear does and that that would actually reduce emissions more significantly ? 
  but then would n't the conclusion be that it is better to keep nuclear plants going and instead downscale coal ? 
  you need some more flexible powerplants , but fundamentally nuclear and coal power can serve as consistent baseline energy supply . 
  you are correct that nuclear plants generally generate the same output and are not designed to deal with fluctuations in needed output . 
  granted i am no expert , but i believe coal power plants also have that problem that they are not great to correct fluctuations . 
  siegfried is not really a german surname . 
  it is a german first name . 
  germany only collects data on nationality not on ethnicity and has not since the nazis fell, 
  would not be possible in germany and i am quite happy that it is that way, 
  you also know that the us has more than 5 times the gdp of germany ? 
  the us is also importing far more . 
  if you look at countries by trade balance the us and germany are literaly on opposite ends of that list, 
  the euro surely played a role but attributing it only to that is also quite disingenous . 
  you also have to consider that germany was in quite the crisis and only really started to recover again in 2005 . 
  look at the graph preunification , reunification just was ridiculously expensive . 
  so then if the eu is a net negative why do we see the eastern european states inside the eu perform so much better than those outside the eu ? 
  and how do you raise a solidarity tax ? 
  what do you think french workers are going to say when you tell them you are going to have to raise taxes so that france can send more money to italy and spain ? 
  how do you sell german people that went through harsh reforms and now are reaping the benefits with near full employment and wages rising faster than ever since reunification ?
