  there was a lot of good will there , but that simply does not last forever . 
  also sch\u00e4uble has consistently asked the ecb to not overstep its boundaries to not do things like buying corporate bonds to prop up the economy and the ecb has simply not listened at all . 
  as for m\u00fcnchau 's views : he seems to want to shift all responsibility onto germany , that it is simply germany that has to change that we have to accept that we have to pay for southern europ , that it is only germany that has to change . 
  yes the ecb is supposed to take a eurozone wide view . 
  the eurozone does also include the northern countries though and ecb policy that is only good for the southern states can also not work long term and the ecb policies right now are decidedly not going to work long term for germany . 
  and honestly m\u00fcnchau repeating his views again does not make them anymore true . 
  i will deliver a formal proof for sure !, 
  i actually do n't even have a cat . 
  how far the links between ypg and pkk are is at least debatable , ypg at least claim to be independent . 
  ypg is an ally of the west ( and of russia ) in the syrian civil war perceived as democratic . 
  i would also not say that a car bomb is something so special that pkk could not have picked it up from anywhere . 
  we also do n't even have confirmation yet that this attack was pkk, 
  good lord describing what the pkk does , not as terrorism , but as an `` armed campaign '' is cynical . 
  as for germany the pkk is banend though as your article mentions and the german domestic intelligence agency is up on them . 
  the thing is these are hiding behind other structures , which makes it very hard to dismantle the entire structure within germany . 
  merkel is also right to say that it is not up to the executive to create judgements for pkk supporters , that is up to the courts . 
  that was a reference to him saying equal marriage should mean anyone can marry anyone . 
  honestly i do n't care about gay marriage . 
  if there was a referendunm ( which is unconstitutional in germany ) i would vote in favour , but it is not a point i will change my vote on in the general election . 
  pkk is banned in germany and hopefully that stays that way . 
  we should not be harboring terrorist organizations . 
  but of course that is only my personal oppinion . 
  as you probably know it can be hard to dismantle the structures that organizations like the pkk hide behind . 
  this attack looks more like pkk than isis to me, 
  in which countries of western europe is the pkk no labelled a terrorist organization and banned ? 
  the only one i am aware that is not listing the pkk as a terrorist organization is switzerland . 
  the eu and nato both have them as terrorist organization . 
  so i should be allowed to marry my cat ? 
  i do n't know about the finnish requirements , but the german requirements seem quite sensible . 
  especially that you have to be able to provide for yourself before you can get citizenship . 
  what a shitty title . 
  well i doubt i am going to be linking changes in my live directly to the refugee wave , but i guess this kinda depends on what you are willing to attribute to the refugee wave and what you consider a change . 
  if i interpret it in the tiny ways i would for example not have this conversation without the refugee waves , but i do n't think there will be significant change in my life because of it if that makes sense . 
  i also do n't see where you do n't see the political will to go through with mass deportations once the situation has cooled down . 
  that has been a core tenet sicne the start of the crisis and that is what happened after the yugoslav war ended . 
  surely there will be opposition to it from the left , but i would think that even the spd would be largely in favour of sending people back once the war is over , which admittedly might take years . 
  yeah countries change over decades ... you can not prevent that . 
  germany today is not germany of the 70s or 80s in so many ways . 
  as far as i am concerned this is also all about temporary asylum . 
  something that will end eventually and people will have to be sent back regardless of that not being nice pictures, 
   who is the most right wing anti-immigrant viable candidate for the german elections ? 
  i do n't know about you , but where do you see drastic change in our country ? 
  at least for me the impact has been minor at most . 
  i also remember polls being vastly in favour of allowing people in from hungary at the time . 
  and no the population does not get asked directly on issues . 
  that is the point of representative democracy . 
  that there are representatives . 
  a bit like crimea ? 
  you could , but i think there is a difference between laying claim to foreign territory and considering secession . 
  that said i think any secession should be an internal matter of spain , and of entire spain . 
  but i would not be suprised , if both western intelligence trying to destabilize russia and russian intelligence trying to destabilize western nations were true . 
  i also do think it is at least reasonable to assume that russia is to some extent trying to destabilize germany . 
  you could look at the case of the 13 year old allegedly attacked by migrants for example , that definitely came from russia . 
  right , but today it is french and it has been for hundreds of years . 
  we should not start with such territorial disputes . 
  there have been enough attacks from the outside that can definitely be attributed to russia to be concerned . 
  take `` fall lisa '' as one of the most public examples, 
  not 1938 ? 
  they both have 57 % approval according to that poll ( behind steinmeier at 79 % and sch\u00e4uble at 66 % approval ), 
  german spelling competitions are a lot easier than english ones and dont realy exist because pronounciation and how it is written are very closely linked in german, 
  and yet people were outraged when this was supposed to happen with turkey , a significantly richer country than georgia or ukraine, 
  absolutely and we should have done something sooner , but we did n't . 
  the thing is rather than dwell on that as bad as that was we should try to look forward to find a solution and i think the hotspot model in theory would be good for greece and workable for the eu as a whole . 
  i think you can at least agree that such a system would be good for greece ? 
  right and both systems have one thing very much in common : there are exactly two options to vote for . 
  yes or no , democrat or republican a system where one side will have an absolute majority in the end which frankly will not happen in german election . 
  there will be coalitions . 
  also there can be no referendums in germany as they are unconstitutional, 
  no they did n't cover up the story for the most part . 
  they just waited longer for better sources . 
  now i ca n't stop you from interpreting that as covering this up , but that is n't true . 
  there were also reportso n it pretty much immediately . 
  if anyone fucked up big time in cologne it was the police, 
  if anything the police fucked this up way more than the media, 
  if that is what you think the plan was i do n't think you understood it properly . 
  see the plan was as following : you establish so called hotspots on the outer eu border , planned mostly in italy and greece . 
  there the plan was to register everyone to a eu wide database . 
  those who would be deemed a high chance of approved asylum claim would then distributed across the eu . 
  those who are deemed no chance will get denied very quickly . 
  you also establish a system where you tie benefits to residence , but that never got that far . 
  i always though that was pretty sensible and at least tried to keep the balance between helping people genuinely needing asylum and turning away economic migrants . 
  because the british system is very similar to the american system ? 
  closer to the american system certainly than to the german system . 
  it is related insofar as saying that instability is not what merkel stands for . 
  if anything it is stability she stands for . 
  you can also of course think that merkel leads the coutnry down a disastrous path and i happen to disagree on that . 
  i do n't think she is leading perfectly , but i think she is largely doing a reasonable job and absolutely better than the alternatives, 
  you know it is the eu and merkel that were lobbying the most for the hotspot + redistribution solution ? 
  you do know that germany took in over a million people ? 
  germany and greece largely pull in the same direction in the refugee crisis . 
  well for example because your country has so vigorously blocked a new eu wide system . 
  germany at least is managing decently well at the moment . 
  the thing is that we have no system for the future . 
  i do n't think it would be politically viable to have another 2015 and i think our government would strictly enforce borders rather than have that happen again and frankly the countries germany is bordering will already have closed their borders at that point . 
  it is really only unsustainable for greece and italy . 
  also nobody is talking about redistributing people that are already in germany as far as i am aware . 
  if anything it shows that the eastern expansion of the eu was prematurely . 
  the divide between western and eastern europe still just is huge . 
  i also do n't see why freedom of movement has to apply to refugees at all . 
  you can just tie them to the country they get distributed to for a given time and importantly also tie all benefits to that residence and deport them back there if they get caught in a different country .
