  we are not obliged to send them where they want, 
  the eu can only create plans . 
  it can not force the members to follow them, 
   member states ' asylum systems today face unprecedented pressure and , with the summer arriving , the flow of people to frontline member states will continue in the months to come . 
  the eu should not wait until the pressure is intolerable to act : the volumes of arrivals mean that the capacity of local reception and processing facilities is already stretched thin . 
  to deal with the situation in the mediterranean , the commission will , by the end of may , propose triggering the emergency response system envisaged under article 78 ( 3 ) tfeu7 . 
  the proposal will include a temporary distribution scheme for persons in clear need of international protection to ensure a fair and balanced participation of all member states to this common effort . 
  the receiving member state will be responsible for the examination of the application in accordance with established rules and guarantees . 
  a redistribution key based on criteria such as gdp , size of population , unemployment rate and past numbers of asylum seekers and of resettled refugees can be found in the annex . 
  and we have seen how much trouble especially this passage has been . 
  note that this is from may 2015, 
  30 years is a long time . 
  think of 1986 and look how the world has changed, 
  when you count in west and east germany is west . 
  note that this does not include central europe . 
  a list that calls itself a list of the the 50 most beatiful old town squares in central and eastern europe and has zero german or austrian squares ? 
  they also skipped over germany and austria, 
  no austrian or german old town squares making the list ? 
  if they have commited crimes under german jurisdiction . 
  note that the problem is that these countries usually do not extradite . 
  these two men were only extradited when croatia joined the eu, 
  i do n't think what has never been together can really fall apart . 
  i do not see the european states working together to create a viable solution to the refugee problem within the boundaries of the law . 
  in fact it woul be considered very weird . 
  60 % approval is unpopular ? 
  why should a trade agreement with the uk without freedom of movement not be possible ? 
  we surely could create a fta with the uk . 
  what the uk will not get is being part of the single market without freedom of movement . 
  this poll really does not make it clear if they mean the single market or an fta, 
  just like the uk could not possbily vote in favour of brexit ? 
  it is so obviously better for them to be part of the eu . 
  i personally do not know if ttip is good or bad , but i think a referendum on it will be not about ttip , but about emotions . 
  95 % + of voters would n't even read one sentence of ttip . 
  germany certainly was n't the most powerful nation on earth at the time . 
  of course it does make sense it is when the war ended in europe . 
  this is the date the war ended here in public perception . 
  uhm germany surrendered in may of 1945 . 
  even if you wanted to go to the full end of the war , japan surrendfered in september not in august, 
  locally in brandenburg yes . 
  it is to remember the end of nazism and the end of ww2, 
  which was only a gdr thing, 
  saying the soviets liberated berlin is bullshit . 
  if anything they conquered berlin . 
   well then why did n't poles fight for nazis despite stalin literally declaring war on poland in 1939 ? 
  see , you 're despicable in your apologism . 
  because at that time poland was already at war with germany ? 
  saying the soveits liberated berlin is also pretty ridiculous . 
  did the german army liberate paris or amsterdam too then ? 
   did the nazis liberate estonia in 1941 then ? 
  if the nazis had won that would almost assuredly have been the narrative, 
  the russians could n't hold them though so they could `` liberate '' them afterwards . 
  it is also tiny . 
  monaco occupies 2 square kilometer and for that more than 300k tourists a year are enormous . 
  it also has only 38k inhabitants, 
  that also gets you really weird stats . 
  for example france as the biggest tourist destination in the world would rank lower than estonia, 
  of course you can get expected return higher , but at the same time you increase variance, 
  well you ca n't really reduce debt when times are bad , so you got ta do it when times are good . 
  and why should we care where people seeking shelter want to have that ? 
  if they do n't want to put up with it they are more than welcome to go wherever they came from . 
   you do know that if we went bankrupt until 2012 , it would have damaged your economy severly , right ? 
  in 2008 , in particular , we would have sunk the entire eu banking sector . 
  if you wanted us to go bankrupt , go ahead . 
  i do n't think i claimed that the ez did not act out of self interest . 
  greece would have been off worse aswell though if greece had gone bankrupt . 
   you got plenty in return , do n't try to say otherwise . 
  this was n't a philanthropic mission . 
  it was not , but that does not mean that it did not also benefit greece . 
  i agree , it depends on which terminology you want to use . 
  to me the russian empire is one of the big states of old europe if you want to kill it that way . 
   to dismiss it as a ` backwards feudalistic shithole ' as our friend is keen to do is just edgy nonsense . 
  agree . 
  train of love is really not a great translation . 
  move would be a better translation than train i would say . 
  and what does greece give for that in return ? 
  also germany and greece are not part of the same nation state, 
  yeah how many billions did germany/the ez lend greece again when nobody else wanted ? 
  how often did we prevent greece from going bankrupt ? 
  why is a video from 2013 in any way relevant to this ? 
  czarist russia at least was a major regional power, 
  and there is a german government in athens ? 
  why would germany agree to simply pay for greece 's debt ? 
  why should german tax payers foot the bill for excessive greek spending ? 
  an oppinion piece without an oppinion makes little sense, 
  they could also just fail to control and `` accidentally '' let people slip north . 
  also how is greece supposed to pay for thsi ? 
  basically the sek are for things that happen locally within the states , while gsg9 operates across the entirety of germany and beyond . 
  the gsg9 is usually the unit that is called when shit is really bad , they are especially trained for things like terrorism, 
  then tell me : why does greece want to be a giant refugee camp ? 
  and where do you want to have them go then ? 
  i doubt the european court of human rights would allow this . 
  and i am also pretty sure the german supreme court would smite this down . 
  and there would be absolutely overbearing political oppositino . 
  can you also put this also in mroe practical terms rather than just parroting the same things ? 
  i already said that there are problems with the northern african states and for the australian `` solution '' you would need these . 
  poland ( 5 ) ... germany ( now poland ) ( 8 ), 
  and what is the alternative ? 
  you need the north african states cooperating to send them back there and lybia is n't even a functioning country, 
  then what is the alternative ? 
  just let the people die ?
