  from the airport it takes 38 minutes by s-bahn to get to the city center ( marienplatz ), 
  who is blaming estonia ? 
  i really do n't see anybody blaming estonia in germany at least . 
  well france has at least sppported the german policies asnd voted with us . 
  it is also just a matter of the fact that the biggest load to people is coming to germany and not france, 
  for which one ? 
  the first world war may have been triggered by the assasination of the arch duke , but that was not the cause of the war . 
   his gloomy tone was a reality check on the `` we can do it '' spirit that german chancellor angela merkel - europe 's pre-eminent leader - has sought to apply to the absorption of hundreds of thousands of mostly syrian refugees . 
  but has n't merkel repeatedly stated that we also have to work to reduce the inflow of people ? 
  that just is n't mutually exclusive with also taking in people that are already here . 
   one problem likely to worsen in 2016 is that europe 's main leaders are politically weak and so preoccupied by domestic challenges that they are unable to take the necessary collective action . 
  this certainly does not apply to germany and is in my oppinionone of the main reasons why germany can take a leading role . 
  the german government has very wide backing in the german population . 
  angela merkel 's position is very safe . 
  basically everything points to her being reelected in 2017 . 
  germany at elast to me seems to be the most politically stable country in europe and unlike in countries like france , the netherlands or denmark i ca n't see a far right party rising further . 
  i think the eu is at risk , but i also think we have to work to maintain it . 
  maybe we have to reduce its size , but i sincerely hope that the core bloc of germany , france , austria , italy , spain , portugal and the benelux remains at least, 
  did they also over to cover the expenses for that ? 
  i do n't know i still feel there are countries like austria or france to rely on, 
  i really do n't like that . 
  they should ahve left the names as they were given in history . 
  those just were the terms back then, 
  yeah i probably should have added / s. 
  sarcasm is just hard to see on the internet at times, 
  but they were not pulbishing any personal informatio njust their names and statements just as they published them ( under their own name ) . 
  they were even posting it directly as comments to the papers articles, 
  has them by the guts with what ? 
  see the eu does n't always do what 's best for germany a good example would be the interest policy of the ezb still being that low, 
  i would guess people were executed after the nuremberg trials ... / s, 
  well as far as i have seen it the press has tried to report from things like pegida , but they simply were not welcome . 
  i also do n't see how it is a threat to republish things you post publicly on the internet . 
  if you did n't want those things to be public you would n't have posted them, 
  no you do n't understand . 
  merkel is evil incarnate, 
  so but why do so many people then say she leads alone when in reality she is leading an alliance ? 
  well but is n't it basically expected for a center right wing chancellor to not be beloved by the leftwing ? 
   he eu serves as an amplifier for western european ( especially german ) diplomacy , meaning that damaging it also damages german interests . 
  the eu is as much a german as a french project . 
  it just has been that more recently the french government seems to be in significantly less of a position to lead  you could make the argument that other european countries must help germany bear the flow of migrants . 
  but why do that when germany appears determined to treat only the symptoms of the problem , when other countries are pressing them to treat the causes ? 
  how does germany only want to treat the symptoms ? 
  germany also wants to combat the reaons why people are coming , but that is n't mutually exclusive with also dealing with people tha are here  lastly , merkel is actually working against germany 's interests in the migrant crisis : the two arguments that the country needs a `` demographic boost '' and `` skilled workers '' are hollow : studies and experience have shown that these asylum seekers will be a financial drain for multiple generations at least , and there 's no trace of `` doctors and engineers '' to be found among the loads of people entering europe . 
  second there 's the social consequences of this migrant crisis , which are harder to quantify but nonetheless just as present . 
  the problems of various kinds that germany has experienced with its minorities will be multiplied and more venomous than ever . 
  yes it is hollow to say that germany needs those people , but you have to help those people at least give them the chance to apply fora sylum that is just what the law demands . 
  also i really do n't see what the point of a leader presenting a dystopian view of what might happen . 
  i think a leader should be postitive so that the people can be positive aswell also it is just a matter of the fact that eastern europe demands solidarity for itself demands for western europe to help developing and then does nothing to reciprocate . 
  well but that 's more because merkel is leading with a lot of eu governments behind her, 
  you should probably look for a different abbreviation than ns . 
  ns usually refers to national socialism, 
  nah i mean the statesman : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otto_von_bismarck in germany public health insurance was introduced in 1883 that post was also hilariously sterotypically american, 
  it would take an awful lot to bring tensions up back to the level of the 80s and even back then there were no issues with soviet gas deliveries . 
  also what has russia to gain by trying to leverage a threat onto german economy that does not really exist ? 
  the only lever russia has on germany is the energy market and i do n't think they want to pull that, 
  walking from one side to the other of the airport would be alonger walk than just 1.5 km, 
  to be fair those long distances are just due to fra being that large . 
  i personally always found the airport to be pretty decent , but i aso had almost all my flights from there, 
  keep in mind that german exports to russia of 29 billion euros ( in 2014 ) for germany are a lot , but there are also quite a few other trade partners germany exports a lot more too with france leading the chart at around 100 billion euro ( source : https://www.destatis.de/de/zahlenfakten/gesamtwirtschaftumwelt/aussenhandel/handelspartner/tabellen/rangfolgehandelspartner.pdf?__blob=publicationfile - this is the official numbers from the federal office of statistics ), 
  russia did not threaten countries like germany , france or italy economically ... 
  i think a thing is that a lot of people that could have voted for ireland voted for the uk just because they are bigger/more present in people 's minds . 
  the same applies to netherlands/belgium and germany/austria, 
  yeah man kinda reminds me of the package that bismarck introduced in the 1880s . 
  france is certainly also the most important friend in europe for germany aswell . 
  kindoff crazy considering that our great grandfathers probably loathed the respecitve others country, 
  i think it is a similar issue like between germany and austria, 
  yeah that 's probably pretty common . 
  most people that seek something like austria will chose germany and i would guess a lot of the people that chose austria were from ( southern ) germany . 
  well there is no such thing as german cuisine . 
  that is completely regional in germany ( which makes sense there has been a german state for not even 150 years ), 
  the french probably are on french pages a lot . 
  the same applies for germans , you just get just about everything in german and the same applies for french, 
  well the german government has succesfuly reduced the deficit to zero , that 's at least good , that 's how it should work that you spend money in times of crisis and save it in good times, 
  why ca n't the us buy company stock ? 
  yes and nordstream was started over a decade ago, 
  no i want the uk to be active in finding a solution that can fit everyone not just me not just you . 
  i would love for the uk to take a leading role in the eu . 
  uhm i literally have in my post `` the tenth largest by nominal gdp '' . 
  as for where i got the info from that was wikipedia . 
  see but just because the others are also nutjobs does n't mean trump is n't a nutjob, 
  it is the ninth largest populationwise and the tenth largest by nominal gdp , sixth by ppp gdp, 
  i would greatly prefer the uk to stay within europe , but i would also like if the uk was more working together with the eu rather than trying to work against it always wanting special rules . 
  that at least has been my impression of the uk in the eu . 
  if i may ask : what change are you looking for ? 
  uhm maybe i understand the economic terms wrong , but how should there be a devaluation of currency when greece shares a currency with a lot of the more heavyweights of europe ? 
  well i think it could work not in a centralized way but slowly doing things like taxes together and seeking to reach a common level of wealth , through proper redistribution . 
  i also do n't think that it necessarily has to be only in the advantage of the rich and the corporations , the us poltiics are just in general set up like that . 
  also yes it will diminish the power of smaller states over some issues , but it also would give such a state more weight in international politics . 
  i think such a process an work if you gradually match the laws of the countries . 
  also factually the countries i listed all generally vote together in the eu and are very intertwined anyway lastly one example where building one big state worked was in germany . 
  my country was just founded out of tons of small countries most of which had little weight with basically only prussia and austria carrying major power . 
  yes , she did grow up there , but really this is more about business and the relations in the business of russia or the su selling gas to germany have always been fine, 
  that article explains really nicely why it 's a useful thing to have nord stream . 
  it makes germany independent of the ukraine conflict ( even tho it predates the conflict by a decade ), 
  well there certainly also was a lot of political tension between the soviet union and west germany , but that did n't affect the gas supply ever . 
  but russia is not an unstable partner at least not for germany . 
  there have been no issues in the 40 years of gas deals between german and the soviet union/russia . 
  it increases the energy security for germany because even if there were some sort of other conflict going on we can still get our gas . 
  also it saves transit fees to have the gas come directly from russia . 
  an example of a state that was molded from ltos of small states is germany,
