  well the germans had their own government . 
  the greeks have their own government aswell . 
  also the germanys were way more influenced by washington/moscow than greece . 
  but you will be really pissed if i do n't give a shit about greek sensitivities ? 
  this is really what alienated greece and the ez that syriza really does n't seem to give a fuck what the other countries want . 
  and like 10 % of the marshalplan went to germany ? 
  the marshalplan was somthing that was based on us political interests to get a strong west vs the soviet union and get a strong european market for american products . 
  that was all but charity, 
  no but the way the grek government acted it alienated ther geman public even more . 
  and the german government already acted not nearly as harsh as public opinion was . 
  and the greek demands are something that the rest of the ez can not accept from a politicl standpoint either . 
  how is that reasonable ? 
  the repeatedly said that the terms for a new ems deal would be harsher than what was denied in the greek votum tho . 
  i am not talking about reddit . 
  i am talking about the real world . 
  i personally think there is barely any chance that they will reach an agreement . 
  i just do n't think that the tsipras government will suddenly be able to give a proper plan suddenly, 
  is n't the better question which big state has not commited crimes against humanity ? 
  nobody told the soviet union either that they admit they did shit in ww2 aswell . 
  nobody is talking about the crimes against germans post ww2 . 
  well should he have nto worked together with them ? 
  also it were the governments your country elected ? 
  who else should he have worked together with ? 
  what he meant is that no government is putting the necessary reforms, 
  the us treasury is free to loan greece money, 
  do you know if there is a way to make the interpreter be louder ? 
  it is significantly more quet than the actual speakers and i only understand german and english, 
  the way there government behaves just leads me to believe that this is the path they will go down . 
  i do n't think it is good , but well the greekselected the governemenet and voted in the referendum . 
  yes they are expressed on the media without being berated or belittled . 
  to be fair i only really watch the tagesschau ( the biggest tv news in germany ) and opposing views are presented aswell . 
  naturally the opinion of the government gets mor ir time because it generally is more relevant to the news, 
  yes the yare different oppinions this is just the opinion of the majority . 
  honestly it feels like this a lot for a lot of people, 
  like the debt cut for greece we had in 2012 ? 
  and i think rihgt now the difference is that on collision course greece just has significantly more to lose than the rest of the ez . 
  well your country has its elections on every worldwide news site aswell . 
  to be frank the us is generally seen as more powerful than greece tho, 
  but i personally think tsipras will suggest some bullshit the other 18 states can not accept and then will blame everything on the eu while accepting at least humanitarian aid because that is our duty as much as the greek government is shit . 
  but is n't that exactly what the eu did beforehand ? 
  restructure the debts from private investorsto public banks at conditions far below what greece would have gotten on the open market and a haircut on the debt aswell ? 
  and then there is the greek government doing no reforms at all . 
  what happened in the 5 months since syriza got elected ? 
  what reforms did they push through ? 
  how did they make the public sector more effective ? 
  how did they make the tax collection more effective ? 
  i personally do n't see greece doing reasonable reforms to get them ou of their own debt misery and the eu funneled money to buy them time to push reforms and also obviously to not cause a flashfire across the euro . 
  by now i am really afraid tsipras has no plan for what to do when the negotiations will fail and i think by now that is pretty much inevitable, 
  and to be honest i really can not fault you for not wanting to become part of the euro atm . 
  we are already preparing the panzers to ride up to you fins !, 
  the production for besenstiehle is in full fire !, 
  uhm what will tsipras do if he just doesnt get new money from the ez ? 
  well it at least wo n't end as badly as the last time our country made shit about national pride ... 
  yeah i just read the german wiki `` kasner hatte sich bereits w\u00e4hrend ihrer schulzeit f\u00fcr das studium der physik an der damaligen karl-marx-universit\u00e4t entschieden und begann 1973 ihr studium in leipzig '' so i guess we are both right, 
  ah well it is always just mentioned that she studied physics . 
  as far as i can see it is a field between chemistry and physics where she wrote her dissertation , but she certainly started with physics, 
  no angela merkel has her degree in physics, 
  well our chancellor at least has a degree in physics, 
  i am fairly certain by now that even angela merkel has to be pretty tight with greece by now . 
  germany has a population aswell that has an oppinion . 
  yeah the acts of the greek government pretty much destroyed the goodwil, 
  i know !, 
  but that still does not put it near europe geogrpahically :p, 
  well to be fair greenland is not really near europe, 
  i know . 
  ok you are right technically i ca n't know for sure . 
  then let 's word it another way : the probability of a grexit having extreme consequences , such as a cascade on other countries , on the other eu states such as a grexit on the hight of the crisis is comparably low in my oppinion, 
  yes that is what he is saying and that is also the general consensus overall here i would sy that it most likely will lead to a grexit now . 
  so a collapse of the financial system that is fairly likely by now will not destroy greece ? 
  there just wo n't be anymore bailouts so greece will have to issue a new currency just so they can pay their pensions and public servants . 
  i just hope there will be no civil war in greece, 
  well but if that is the course the greek government wants to go there is not much we can do to keep them from it . 
  also it is significantly less impactful now than it would have been 5 years ago, 
  no i do n't think it is the solution but i think it will very soon be reality . 
  where else are you gonan take money from other than issuing your own currency ? 
  is n't ketchup a bit capitalistic ? 
  it is mostly as what he is presented in the media and also what i have heard him argue for in political talkshows . 
  obviously i do n't know the guy in person but what he said in the talkshows i have seen with him was very much pro greece, 
  so how are they gon na pay the pensions or the public servants ? 
  where do the greek banks get their money from ? 
  so we will soon have an euro without greece ? 
  nazi germany enabled a lot lot of stuff . 
  you can look for example at the gdp ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weimar_republic#/media/file:bspdrweltkriseengl.png ) it really suffered and right after hitler 's machtergreifung it went up and up . 
  a lot of our world famous autobahn network also dates back to that time . 
  germany is/was a grand nation . 
  in fact a theory is that the formin of germany is what destabilized central europe because it was a huge power emerging after the 1870/71 war which eventually led to wwi that eventually led to wwii . 
  hitler was a nutter with a lot of the stuff he did but he also did good stuff . 
  it caused a brain drain in germany to the us especially ( einstein as famous examples ) . 
  also the wars in the 20th centruy is the reason why germany is so avert to war these days . 
  the cold war and the two world wars left scars, 
  but they only started after they identified the german crew . 
  because it is reality ? 
  schulz is not the guy you would expect to say something like this . 
  he relentlessly argued that we should keep greece and now even people like him got turned around by the shit the greek government pulled, 
  so it is blackmail if you do n't loan more money to someone that has proven to not act responsibly ? 
  sorry to me that sounds more like common sense . 
  i personally feel more like the greek government tries to blackmail the ez with this referendum and i hope the other leaders stand tight and not pull up with this bullshit, 
  i would not take it as fearmongering . 
  schulz had a reputation of liking greece and understanding them . 
  he was one of the people that generally argued pro saving greece .
