  if you of course do n't enact such a system with a eu wide database a system of relocation is bound to fail but as far as i am aware all proposals for relocation also had such ideas, 
  the hotspots never really got going . 
  there simply is no plan to deal with approved people . 
  that concepty simply does not work without redistribution and that right now is only a pipe dream, 
  there is a huge regional divide in germany though . 
  bavaria alone has more than 600 breweries and has only around 1 million people more than beligum, 
  and almost half the breweries in germany are in bavaria . 
  you know there is a difference between a retarded politican doing something like this and a foreign state actor doing something like that and even then i would not say that it is really comparable considering how much more blown up the case of the girl was, 
  i would rather think a good chunk of russian shills , but also a good chunk of people that are just willing to jump onto anti german sentiment . 
  the right way would have been to do it the other way around : fix corruption or you wo n't get visa free travel . 
  crazy how much less people are concerned with economic migrants here than they were with turkey especially considering that both ukraine and georgia are considerably poorer than turkey, 
  because these are the largest english speaking countries in the world ? 
  no , but the plan with hotspots to control people on the outer eu border and enact a redistribution scheme for those likely to be approved was a plan, 
   there are issues and execution obstacles irrespective of what solution you chose to pursue . 
  that is absolutley true . 
  i think that the issues and obstacles are just larger with a solution involving large scale camps in foreign countries . 
  this is also not a debate if the current situation is acceptable because i think we both agree that it is not . 
  this is if at all a discussion between safe and controlled borders and controlled refugee acceptance within europe and a model where you have that outside of europe . 
  you can argue against that solution if you want but do n't argue like i was in favour of the disaster that is the current situation, 
   i do n't understand how bombing and destroying a country is easily understood like in libya but going there to build a few camps and invest in infrastructure seems like some kind of impossible task that requires magic powers . 
  because these are funamentally different tasks ? 
  it also obviously would n't take magic power , just a lot of money . 
  it is also not just a bit of infrastructure or a few camps . 
  you are building osmething the size of some small european nations . 
  you need camps for potentially more than a million people . 
  this seems like something a lot more problematic than disposing of a foreign leader and bombing a country with the backing of the unsc ... 
  what is a much safer plan ? 
  your plan is not exactly that easily doable in reality . 
  you are also binding yourself to some african/middle eastern country doing that . 
  you need infrastructure there . 
  you need massive personell . 
  a solution is not that simple . 
  also do you really think that asylum should be abolished in general ? 
  that say a gay man from egypt that is facing persecution in europe is fleeing to europe . 
  now you want to send that man into such a camp where he might face the same ostracizing ? 
  another practical problem : which criminal law applies in such a place ? 
  i can also tell you about a `` turkish '' friend of mine . 
  the guy and his sisters do n't even speak turkish anymore only german . 
  i remember another classmate of mine so proudly showing off his german passport when he got it ( thereby also renouncing his turkish citizenship ) . 
  how do you plan to create camps for hundreds of thousands of people on foreign jurisdiction ? 
  do you plan to fully abolish asylum in europe ? 
  do you believe that even those people that have legitimate claims to asylum currently should not be let into europe ? 
  see i am heavily in favour against registering people at our borders and judge there if they are eligible for asylum . 
  that system does not work though unless you have a plan for what is to happen with approved applicants, 
  i do n't think merkel is the problem here . 
  germany was one of the few proponents of creating a new eu wide regulation . 
  it was more most of eastern europe blocking with western europe keeping mostly quiet . 
  that 's a good joke if you look at a lot of eu countries . 
  they just do n't care, 
  well they tried for a solution last year and that failed badly . 
  we wont solve this without cooperation and frankly i dont see a lot of countries cooperating on the issue what we will see also is if schengen ultimately fails, 
  the thing is also this counts number of applications ( and 587 per 100k people comes out to roughly 500k ) , but a lot more people than that came in and only got to apply in 2016 . 
  how often do we need these articles ? 
  so then get away from germany . 
  do n't demand any new bailouts . 
  just do n't expect any more favours then . 
  that is just plain wrong or at least there is nothing on this on any german news site where i would suppose this would . 
  unless of course the danish article says something different than your title which may or may not be the case as i ca n't read danish . 
  of course they should do that and so far at leat to me it seems like the effort has been quite lackluster . 
  courts . 
  platforms like facebook or twitter should not be held to lesser standard than other media, 
  eu law if you operate in the eu . 
  us law in the us . 
  2015 crashed that ... 
  the thing is to bail out banks you have to have the investors take a haircut . 
  now the issue is the way the italian system is set up a lot of the savers are also investors, 
  the growth is certainly not great but it is also not sluggish if you consider that the population is stagnating and inflation is extremely low and unemployment is at its lowest point since reunification . 
  if anything to me it seems like now is the time to rebuild buffers . 
  we are still not at pre 2008 levels of debt either, 
  voicing criticism is not talking shit just because you do n't agree with his positions . 
  he is also far from alone on these positions . 
  he is just one of the most well known voices . 
  no iof course he does not speak for the eu . 
  he speaks for germany though . 
  he is one of the most influential and respected politicians in germany . 
  because reunification was deemed important enough to accept that ? 3, 
  greece has already gotten so many measures to reduce the weight of the debt though all the while not implementing the reforms that were tied to the bailouts . 
  a balanced budget only because debtor countries gave greece a lot of leway with paying back debt, 
  like the entire series of bauilouts to buy greece time to enact , admittedly painful , reforms ? 
  especially comsidering we are still having the debt crisis in large parts caused by reckless overspending, 
  sch\u00e4uble at least is speaking what a lot of people think, 
  is technocrat supposed to be an insult ? 
  that is the issue . 
  you are a funny fellow it seems, 
  i would say several international news outlets reporting on something makes it somewhat unlikely to be local news . 
  if you see no reports on major sides now or back in may you must have not looked like at all . 
  there were reports roughly everywhere back then and there are reports roughly everywhere right now . 
  i also do n't know why the people around you should matter for what major news sites report unless you get your news from facebook, 
  dude the world is not all about america . 
  vaccines can absolutely have side effects . 
  that i learned in school even . 
  that said vaccines causing autism is bullshit . 
  i am honestly not familiar in depth with steins positions though . 
  this is # 1 on / r/all atm, 
  the greens in europe are far less nutty than the greens in the us at least most of them . 
  that said things like being anti-vax just never really hit politics here, 
  government resigned , brexit happened , trump happened . 
  voter participation is also higher, 
  willkommenskultur was something primarily aimed towards german interior policy . 
  i absolutely agree that allowing people in without processing them .
