  why should germany consent to that ? 
  so one nose one vote only when it suits you ? 
  these cities are all called their german names in german . 
  and it very much succeeded in long term decreasing unemployment in gemrany . 
  other countries were free to take similar measures to decrease unemployment also of course german companies would continue to export heavily . 
  nobody is buying a bmw or factory equipment from germany because it is that cheap . 
  they buy it because it is high quality and in parts only made in germany also currency devaluation does not shrink debt . 
  in fact it does literally the opposite . 
  nobody will convert loans to greece from euros to drachmas . 
  instead they will be denominated in say dm or usd . 
  well the areas that are todays czechia have been part of what people would have considered german territory for quite a long time . 
  our countries are close . 
  i think we could also argue here why it is correct to be solidaric with countries like greece or hungary in the refugee issue but i do not believe we will agree here . 
  also a good chunk of these stereotypes are prussian stereotypes and i would say that czechia is unsuprsingly more like the german regions it is bordering . 
   people who argue that are n't living in this century , imo . 
  nowadays marriage is just a symbolic union that grants you some extra rights . 
  arguing its purpose is to have children is like arguing women 's purpose is to stay at home while men work : outdated , close-minded , restrictive . 
  this also brings us to another important point : a view being traditionally held does n't mean we should just accept it . 
  honestly i think you believe people to be less conservative than they actually are . 
  a view being traditionally held just still means that a good part of the population still hold it . 
  and also still the people against gay marriage usually care more about the issue than those in favour . 
  i personaly am in favour of it if it my oppinion somehow mattered , but it is not an issue that matters enough to me to change my vote . 
   i already said inbreeding is n't good for the population . 
  we have our example in the monarchy with charles ii of spain . 
  upping the chances of having a very ill child is far worse than not having them at all , i do n't see how this can be used as a comparation . 
  you do n't hurt that which does n't exist , but a child might suffer severe illnesses that could 've been prevented by not allowing inbreeding . 
  now you completely dodged the point about preventing people with genetic diseases from procreating which by that logic you also should be in favour of . 
  i somewhat recently read a statistic that something like 70 % of germans are in favour of equal marriage , but of those 70 % it is only a major issue for like 15 % while it was a major issue for a significantly higher proportion of those against it . 
  you do know that the weak euro is for and due to southern europe and not germany ? 
  it would be a lot healthier for germany if the euro were higher . 
  well it is the small states that are so much against that concept of one nose one vote . 
  german wages on average are more than double what is earned in greece . 
  what germany did not do is rather to prop this up with increasing government debt but rather went for a model to get out of an economic downswing and to get into higher employment by `` austerity '' if you want to call it that . 
  also if you were to dissolve the euro it certainly wo n't be germany that will take the worst hit . 
  not by a long shot . 
  also there is no reason to believe infaltion would skyrocket in germany with this , but there are to believe that this would happen in say greece . 
  you have to much more ensure that such a union is between more similar states . 
  say austria , the benelux and germany and if you wanted also the scandinavian countries could form a somewhat cohesive union and you could also enact fiscal transfers because the differences are small enough to make that viable . 
  the big probelem i see with that is that it would very easily be seen as german dominated , because to be perfectly honest it would be simply by virtue of so much of that cluster of coutnries beign germany population wise . 
  just that a good chunk of these net payer states have prospered under austerity . 
  germany certainly has , germany got from the sick man of europe to its strongest nation economically today . 
  well so you think it is fine to disallow people carrying markers for genetic diseases to procreate ? 
  do you think it would be ethical to disallow say someone autistic from having children ? 
  also marriage isa traditional institution , but i can see that for a good chunk of people has to involve a man and a woman . 
  well prague was one of the cultural centers of europe when it was in large parts german speaking . 
  bohemia was one of the centers of the hre for a long time . 
  i mean if you are going to few hundred kilometers there are also french plants in that radius . 
  tricastin , marcoule , cruas are all like 300km from monaco . 
  i do not glare at anyone . 
  i have nothing against gay marriage personally , i am just trying to make a point . 
  i just believe you could argue that one of the primary purposes of marriage is to produce offspring and gay people ca n't do that much more openly than infertile people . 
  at the very core it boils down to marriage being something very traditional and i do not see the harm of calling it a civil union for example . 
  then again can you explain to me why you are against incest marriages ? 
  because as far as i can see you could all these points you make also to argue in favour of incest marriage . 
  i would actually be suprised if that followed that line . 
  i would rather expect the southern more conservative areas of germany to be more against it . 
  eastern germany does not really have a reputation of being more socially conservative than the west . 
  well czechia made quite a big effort to get out of germanic first . 
  you just run into the issue that those against care a lot more than those in favour and we also already have civic unions, 
  well you could argue that homosexualiy is even less opr\u00fctimal than incest then because that cant create offspring at all . 
  what makes incest more unnatural than homosexuality in your ciew as concepts other than one generaly being accepted and the other not, 
  it brought them from 15 % to not passing the 5 % threshhold in one cycle, 
  that would be a cdu-spd coalition and that is what we have right now . 
  you always put the larger partner ( that then also has the chancellor ) first . 
  no there is no typo there . 
  journo just translated what the article , says, 
  what scenario for ww22 not happening are you even imagi ing here ? 
  well and i think you are on track here on why i like some of these and not hofreiter . 
  i just politically align a lot more with them . 
  i just always feel like whenever he is speaking he is saying things i disagree with . 
  i also feel like he is far too ideological over all , putting some vague ideas above what is actually feasible to do in the real world . 
  he just seems to lack some of the pragmatism i like to see in politicians . 
  then if people somehow were convinced what she had done was illegal they could have taken it to the constitutional court , which of course nobody did because it was not illegal . 
  the dublin regulations for example explicitly allow creating a new asylum application, 
  this also is not the same everywhere . 
  for example i would not describe merkel as a particularly charismatic leader . 
  there is probably too much resistance against that in the conservative wings of greens and spd . 
  i also do think spd and greens will bleed votes if they do n't rule that coalition out . 
  the greens have some good people in them , g\u00f6ring eckhardt , \u00d6zdemir and kretschmann all are decent . 
  then of course you got shitheads like hofreiter ... 
  you do n't have to explain that to me :d, 
  well with merkel you have a decade of actual governing though . 
  to look at, 
  if people are already againat bailouts why would you believe theyd be in favour of aomething even more extreme like transfera ? 
  because merkel has now been chancellor for 12 years . 
  people , know what they can expect of her a lot more than of schluz . 
  merkel means largely a continuation of current policy, 
  you still have to pay back debt even if you are on zero interest . 
  the very core of anticyclic fiscal policy is not only to spend in rough times , but also to reduce the debt burden again in economically good times , as we are in right now . 
  you also do know we have just seeen a massive package of investment in infrastructure ( volume of around 300 billlion if i recall correctly ) . 
  also a good chunk of what you said there especially in regards to education is mostly a matter of state . 
  i agree it is time for a pension reform but i think i would go in the opposite direction of yours . 
  do you really rhink it is a good idea to hike pension contributions hier and higher ? 
  do you think 30 % is good ? 
  we went from 5 million unmplyed to below 3 million unemployed and that through one of the most devastating global financial crisis and the biggest crisis of the eurozone . 
  we are seeing wages increasing . 
  germany is running among the very best of the western world . 
  what is the point of change just for the sake of change ? 
  what else other than the currency union is holding the greek and italian state finances even afloat ? 
  how is it germanys fault if italy and greece were reckless in how they used the options presented to them after the euro got introduced ?
