  well and then came the holocaust, 
  you literally said before that currency devaluation solves trade imbalances . 
  right , but the growth rate for turkey also slowed down quite a bit . 
  i am also not saying that there will definitely be an ongoing trend , but i could see it , due to some of the factors you also mentioned , but then of course there are also factors like betterment of relations with russia . 
  so then having free trading currrencies do not trade imbalances ? 
  then why has the us a trade deficit of $ 531 billion , why ahs the uk a trade defiit of almost $ 200 billion ? 
  well brexit is a symptom of that rise of populism . 
   mathematically speaking leaving the euro ( not the eu ) is a necessary but not sufficient condition for growth . 
  i honestly doubt that but i 'd be interested in your reasoning . 
   high level corruption ( the only one present in italy ) , while being a huge problem , is not the direct cause of this economic mess ( just take a look at the growth figures during craxi government , one of the highest in more than 30 years , if do n't know who craxi were look it up ) . 
  no of course it is not the only or even the most important factor , but it is an inhibitor . 
   i do n't suggest leaving the union but only the euro as i wrote above . 
  of course the current eu is is a sick system , many people have no idea what the eu really is , the lack of democracy therein and how the constant ignoring of the eu problems ( immigration , criminality among eu migrants etc ) are going to destroy the union itself unless it acknowledges its shortcomings and take action to reform itself which is never going to happen seeing by whom we are represented ( jucker , schultz etc ) . 
  is n't it the european union that is acknowledging all these issues ? 
  was n't the commision for example one of the ones that were heavily in favour of a hotspot/distribution quota system to tackle the refugee crisis ? 
  that would certainly have been to the benefit of italy . 
  the eu fundamentally has in my oppinion a fundamental problem in that it can be paralyzed by small groups of member states tht it needs consensus and a lot of national politicians seem less interested in that , but are rather going for quick political points at home . 
  the eu by itself literally can not seize that power, 
   wrong way around , that is why they are so far apart , this is like bavaria stopping to pay into our social systems . 
  not only would this be bad for everybody else and increase inequality , it would also be bad for bavaria because it would result in a net welfare loss and destabilization . 
  and the difference is that germany has a lot more holding it together than the eu . 
  the common language and culture for example . 
  also in germany the transfer union also exists and you ca n't compare creating a new transfer union to a state leaving and old ttransfer union . 
   if you want to export shit you actually need someone who is able to afford that stuff . 
  if nobody buys your crap you 're screwed as well . 
  germany exports mainly into the european union , a recovering periphery is good for germany . 
   if you want to export shit you actually need someone who is able to afford that stuff . 
  if nobody buys your crap you 're screwed as well . 
  germany exports mainly into the european union , a recovering periphery is good for germany . 
  right , but not at all costs . 
   there is no contradiction here , a transfer union is mutually beneficial . 
  we do n't need to increase taxes either . 
  just get rid of the idiotic schuldenbremse , we can borrow at 0 % interest . 
  haha , yeah just finance it all with debt . 
  and then if another crisis happens we are just fucked . 
  no thanks . 
  also we would be talking about absolutley massive volumes you 'd need to force the economies to get to the same state and you ca n't be telling me that that is good for germany as it will be at the cost of germany . 
   another irrationality of the german economy , people think debt is bad for some reason and turn everything into a distribution debate . 
  you can actually borrow money , there 's nothing wrong with it no debt is obviously not always bad . 
  what is bad is debt spiralling higher and higher out of control . 
  the entire point of anticyclical fiscal policiy is that you increase spending in times of crisis , but also repay the debt in good times , and this is something a lot of left wingers seem to not be willing to do . 
  and of course a transfer mechanism is a distribution debate . 
  what else is it ? 
  if the euro survives in germany and france it will survive as a greater group . 
  honestly the only way i see the euro break apart fully is if france or germany were to leave the euro . 
  but would n't it have been up to italian politicians to implement far reaching economic reforms where necessary and get corruption down completely ? 
  what do you think italian politicans would do better in that regard ? 
  how is leaving the union and say having another decade of deficit spending with little growth not just kicking the can down the road ? 
  the thing is that you then get a bloc of richer and a bloc of poorer countries . 
  if we have one bloc consisting of portugal , spain , greece , italy and the other of germany , austria , the benelux and france you simply get a signficiant wealth divide and i would expect that to further diverge if you put it that way . 
  if anything fillon seems one of the candidates that really seems to be in line with the kind of economic reforms the eu is wanting . 
  in parts i think fillon is too extreme , but what he is proposing to me at least seems like a sensible mid to longer term plan economically . 
  so you want to hike taxes in germany and force germans to finance southern europe ? 
  that simply will not fly in germany . 
  the currency union as of right now honestly is just too diverse to create a proper transfer union . 
  it would probably not too hard to set something like this up between say the benelux , germany and austria , but extremely hard between germany and greece simply because economies are too far apart . 
  a russian-turkish alliance is probably one of the potentially quite dangerous things for europe should that come to pass especially considering a us shifting priority away from europe . 
  i also honestly do n't think the eu will want to heavily worse the trade relations with turkey even if just to not let political relation detriorate further . 
  i think erdogan will look to act opportunistic not binding himself to russia or the west . 
  an economic downturn seeems realistic to me ( and is by the numbers already happening ) . 
  the comparison of turkey to russia is in so far also not equal as in turkey mostly striving to be a regional superpower , while russia is looking to be respected as a global superpower . 
  the thing is these goals are going very much in the same general direction . 
  the situation is also in so far obviously differnt that while russia has been hiking its military spending turkey has done the opposite , but still turkey is one of the big players in the region . 
  right , but that to me indicates mostly just that there is economic pressure , that the economy is not in great shape , but that does n't put it close to a full on economic collapse . 
  in fact you can see similar things in russia and i do not think we are expecting russia to collapse . 
  the more worrying possibility for me is that this might turn towards an even more nationalistic , a possibly more aggressive turkey . 
  i am personally seeing some sort of further military adventure as more likely than a full on economic collapse to me . . you are also right that that unprecedented upswing might not continue , but with how nationalistic and united under erdogan turey seems you might not necessarily need these forces to keep it together . 
  if times get worse i would imagine that turks rather get more zealous akin to the situation in russia . 
  putin also presided over masive growth , but that growth collapsing did not lead to the putin government collapsing . 
  honestly i think that would highly depend under the circumstances such a collapse would take place and honestly as of right now i am simply not seeing a collapse as likely , without a major event . 
  growth dropping surely is worrying , but i would not expect a greece style collapse and even if there were too much depends on circumstance on what happens, 
  of course , but still what indicators are there that make an economic collapse seem likely , without a major worldwide event ? 
  uhm what akes you think these laws dont work against iffending christians too ? 
   they do in greece , at the macedonian border and only recently have forcefully been relocated to refugee centres elsewhere in the country . 
  and although turkey has a larger number of refugees in total , most of them actually live near the syrian border in massive camps . 
  they never had the intention to travel further . 
  but not nearly in the numbers one would expect if closure of the balkan route was the primary reason arrivals hav e died off . 
  it is the arrivals from turkey that were reduced massively . 
  i also ca n't find the appropriate links , but i recall having read that only some 1.5 million people actually live in these camps ( which would be roughly half of turkey 's refugee population ) . 
   that has not officially been announced yet , has it ? 
  no it has not been officially announced , but it is by far the most likely . 
  there also have been some reports that schulz already gave up on the position of candidate . 
   furthermore , the grand coalition have lost seats in the polls and two more parties can enter the bundestag if they get over 5 % of the votes ( afd and fdp ) increasing the divisor . 
  now , i understand it 's 8 months till the elections , but for german standards the majority of the red-black is n't that big anymore . 
  right the majority of the grand coalition is n't nearly as big as it used to be ( it is holding 80 % of parliament at the moment ) , but still well above what would be required to form a government under current polls , which of course could change , but black-red loosing the majority would require something massive as it sits right now . 
  current polls have them at 57 % of the vote compared to 67 % in 2013 ( where afd and fdp were barel below the 5 % thresshold resulting in a higher seat share for the parties that got in )  well , i would n't suspect a lot of those people in the west either . 
  the greens on the other hand are represented in almost every west-german state except saarland and bavaria . 
  though i have heard that in some states ( like in bw ) they are quite different from the national greens . 
  the only western state the greens are really big are in baden w\u00fcrttemberg and there is the more conservative greens . 
  people were joking that the cdu had a great chancellor candidate in kretschmann , the only problem is that he was a green . 
  it is that wing of the green party that considers a black green coalition for 2017 and the wing i personally also think is quite reasonable overall ( as a csu voter ) . 
  the greens in itself is quite interesting becaause that party is quite torn internally between a far left and a more centrist wing of the party . 
  one part of the party that wants rrg and one that wants black green and we do n't know yet which part will dominate . 
   correlation does not automatically imply a causal relation , as most balkan countries closed their borders simultaneously . 
  and another important factor was that it simply gone into winter . 
  still we saw a drastic drop of people coming from turkey . 
  if it was the balkan route closing that caused it would n't we expect people to pile up in greece or bulgaria and not in turkey ? 
   which has been a difficult thing to get started . 
  a majority of them actually left the country voluntarily , most probably the honest ones . 
  meanwhile opposition parties call deportations of people who have been convicted of crime ` brutal ' .
