  the su had 293 million citizens when it dissolved . 
  russia has 143 million . 
  if anything it lost a bit more than half their population . 
  yes , but the plan was to reduce coal and instead it did n't get reduced . 
  to be fair that was signifciantly more to the general public going completely haywire than to merkel . 
  why should she be denying that ? 
  also she has spoken out in favor of border control , deportations of those not qualifying for asylum , proper registration and tightened german asylum laws the last few months . 
  after all the whole hotspot concept was to improve border control , make deportations easier and get to implement a proper registration going . 
  well that is the long term plan but not something you can do easily or fast, 
  uhm , why ? 
  that is about what she said for the past few months, 
  i also think that way . 
  the reason why germany and austria are seperated countries are mostly historical . 
  firstly austria-hungary was too strong at the time to have some of its core german lands become part of the newly founded germany but also not strong enough to defeat prussia . 
  then after ww1 with the habsburg empire dissolving , the german parts then called themselves german-austria . 
  there was an extreme majority for these to join germany ( in the vicinity of 98 % ) . 
  however the allies did n't want germany so the treaty of st.germain forbade german-austria to join germany and forced them to rename to austria . 
  austria then got annexed under hitler in 38 . 
  after the war austria stylized itself as the first victim of the nazis and also established a sense of nationalism . 
  in 1955 the treaty that recreated a sovereign austrian state also cements that austria is neutral and that it ca n't enter a union with germany in any way . 
  note that it has been argued that this has been violated by austria joining the eu in 1995 . 
  to be fair it would fit in there . 
  i was mostly reffering to the splitoff of alfa pushing more radical voices to the front . 
  people like petry and von storch . 
  it especially switched the focus from economic policy to anti-islam, 
  we 'd get used to it . 
  still are there are no other tow staes in europe that are both essentially populated only by one same ethnic group . 
  vienna  berlin anyways as a city, 
   say , how do you say ` hubris ' in greek ? 
  you know the word hubris is essentially an ( old ) greek word ? 
  well so far they have headed more to the far right spectrum away from the center, 
  that is based on context though and in the context of german politics they are far right . 
  they might not be far right in poland or the us , but that is not all that relevant for how you allocate them on the political spectrum in germany . 
  well the allies prevented german austria from joining germany after ww1 and forced them to rename to austria . 
  how are my cellphone number and my facebook account linked ? 
  facebook should n't have my number, 
  that is completely unrealistic . 
  they are basically polar opposite on any matter, 
  you should read the afd election programme, 
  well the afd . 
  the afd is closer to the npd than to the cdu though at least nowadays, 
  no the afd is far right . 
  cdu is the centre right party . 
  a lot of their program is pretty nutty, 
  lindner said on zdf that the fdp is not in for greens + spd + fdp, 
  no that 's not how that works . 
  they just have to find different shelter then, 
  the differences between % population % refugees are minimal though . 
  well the graphs would be quite hard to read if you included war time mortality, 
  what are the numbers before the franco-prussian war based on ? 
  at that point in time there existed no germany, 
  the political tone laready has changed over the past motnths . 
  that said the afd will be completely isolated in the parliaments . 
  final results should be there tomorrow . 
  that said these prognoses will be very very close to reality . 
  the only thing still pending is if some 5 % thresholds will be met, 
  it absolutely did have . 
  the thing is the more ideological part of the greens is not that well liked . 
  kretschmar especially has even been taunted of being black ( the colour of the cdu ) . 
  polls predicted pretty much exactly this result, 
  if gr\u00fcne fall out it will be extremely close . 
  current prognosis ( from tagesschau.de ) show that that would lead to parliament exactly split between linke/afd and cdu/spd, 
  that is the only way to get a change in policy . 
  the government ca n't go to more conservative policies if they are in a coalition with social democrats and voting afd only cements these kinds of coalitions further . 
  it is exactly the same in germany just that you can see the divide very clearly along the old inner german border . 
  note that migrants in this context is about usual migrants like a pole or a turk coming to work not the reufugees/migrants/howeever you want to call them . 
  note that there are not fewer refugees in eastern germany though . 
  those get distributed along the k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel . 
  there are only insofar less refugees in eastern germany asthere are also living less people overall in east germany . 
  within germany quota distribution is practice along the k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c3%b6nigsteiner_schl%c3%bcssel only german wikipedia but you can see the tables ), 
  the pragmatic part of the greens is , the ideological part not so much, 
  my personal oppinion on this is that the rise of the afd will lead to governments more to the left because the afd is too far to the right to actually be a viable part of a government . 
  the change in policies already has occured though, 
  well the 2011 results are in the op aswell . 
  the parties that lost the elctions the msot were the spd in bw and saxony-anhalt and teh cdu in rlp ( where they were predicted to win for the most part ) . 
  you could also declare the cdu in bw as the losers . 
  as for winners it was the the greens winning bw , spd winning rlp and cdu winning saxony-anhalt , but the topic is more the rise of the afd but nobody will form a coalition with the afd, 
  the cdu guy ( i actually dont remember who it was ) on ard said that tje will be looking to lead the government, 
  die linke got smashed losing a large chunk of votes . 
  die linke just is an awful lot stronger in the former east, 
  in sachsen anhalt you will see the parties outside of linke and afd form a coalition . 
  bw is probably more interesting considering that greens and spd dont have a majority and green cdu coalition seems tough . 
  i could see cdu spd fdp forming a coalition . 
  how do you lsose what you didnt have in the first place ? 
  and why ? 
  you can reelect people democratically . 
  it depends . 
  the cleanest citiys are the small cities with rich people living there . 
  from the major german cities munich appeared as the cleanest to me, 
  i guess the parts annexed after ww1, 
  it is not closing the borders that is the problem . 
  the problem is that this just pushes the problem to another eu country, 
  you could just look at recent years with the greek bailouts and letting in refugees from hungary to relieve stress there . 
  i still do n't see how this furthers german national interest . 
  an example that goes directly against german corporate interests would have been shutting down nuclear plants ( which is also nonsense in my oppinion but that is just me ), 
  how does merkel not have a democratic mandate ? 
  her party earned almost 50 % of seats last election . 
  the government is well over a supermajority in german parliament . 
  interestingly this feels a lot like a parody on racism , simply because this is so plainly obviously made to look like old race theory by the nazis . 
  already the title of talking about the brit .
