  pensions and migration are completely different pots of money you know ? 
  the problem is that in the long term the ratio of retired peopele to working people is getting too skewed towards retired people . 
  if anything migration of younger people helps with that ... 
  so you think we should take out loans to pay higher pensions ? 
  that somehow does not sound sustainable at all in the mid to long term, 
  well you ca n't have the cake and eat it ... 
  but if you raise at that rate wo n't the whole pension system just break apart under us ? 
  we are already seing pensions declining . 
  i think that highly depends where you go/live . 
  in baden baden for example you also see a lot more people wearing them . 
  still it is a really small number, 
  yeah . 
  same for germany . 
  1.7 % may not be high , but its completely fine . 
  the economy seems to be doing alright , unemployment is low . 
  that 's where i see bigger problems in france . 
  i mean 1.4 % growth is not really high but it is also not 0, 
  but they are forced redistribution of wealth, 
  then the whole world is communist , if taxes are communism by default ? 
  but if the problem is that people are too scared of going to the police what are we suppsed to do ? 
  the police ca n't look into peoples backrooms and in case of a 13 year old does n't the police investigate on its own for sexual abuse of children ? 
  pretty much everyone of these ? 
  you ca n't get them documented under german law, 
  this is probably due to 21 being the old german age for becoming an adult . 
   the problem lies with male adults (  21 ) who live with young , < 16 girls , and declare themselves religiously married . 
  this is also not strictly illegal under \u00a7 182 stgb , though you could probably make a case for this consituting exploitation of them not being to fully utilitze their right to sexual self-determination . 
  the bigger problem i see though that this is only persecuted if someone files for it , which seems somewhat unlikely in these circumstances or if there is special public interest that the offices deem pressing themselves necessary . 
  for reference : https://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/182.html, 
  i am pretty sure there is no specific crime of marital rape in germany . 
  in 1997 just the requirement of extra marital was removed from \u00a7 177 stgb, 
  if we ca n't get minors to go to school then the police is n't doing its job or the school is n't properly alerting the police . 
  children are obligated to go to school as simple as that . 
  in cases of suspected sexual abuse there is also so much you can do especially with both parties denying it or it being a huge difference in age . 
  if a 16 year old sleeps with a 21 year old that simply does not consist sexual abuse without other circumstances, 
  no but saying people blatantly disregard a law they do n't know is worded far too strongly in my oppinion, 
  firstly it is not strictly illegal in germany to be married under the age of 18 . 
  you technically can get married at 16 . 
  sex between minors is also not illegal in germany after the age of 14 . 
  also at least from the article it reads like they are not officially married in germany but only through some church , which does not have legal weight in germany as far as i am aware . 
  which rule of law do you see broken here ? 
  if anything i see the obligation to go to school violated and the police should duly enforce it . 
  as far as the german state is concerned these kids are not married . 
  if there is a problem with sexual abuse of course enforce these laws, 
  well it at least is logical . 
  where would these people know the law from ? 
  a higher living standard ? 
  maybe higher incomes on that proportion . 
  how do they even measure living standard ? 
  iron curtain, 
  right because germany is way bigger in terms of population than slovenia or sweden . 
  other way around : why should slovenia or sweden have as much influence as germany ? 
   you are not `` the eu '' ( yet ) and you have no business making threats , unilateral decisions or pushing politics . 
  i am a single person of course i am not the eu ... 
  still the redistribution quotas were decided on eu level and yet the eu is not enforcing them . 
   and yet theres no record of her `` influencing '' the increasing of investment of german companies in poorer eu states . 
  would n't that rather be the job of those eu governments ? 
   not yours . 
  right technically all eu states ceded a chunk of that power to the eu . 
  the eu doesnt enforce it though . 
   and yet here we reading about how the state is trying to control companies . 
  influencing ! = controlling, 
  asylum is a matter that is under direct state control . 
  companies are not, 
  and german companies are not state controlled ? 
  i mean sure if you go by architecture these groupings make some sense , but the people corresponding to these buildings no longer live in the areas . 
  to be fair germany and austria form one culture area . 
  or if you wanted to create multiple areas there the austrian cultural area does not end at the german border . 
  not exactly sure why so much of poland is still marked as german cultural area , but i guess they are going at historic borders, 
  well i would think the dissolution of austria hungary played a big role here too, 
  which means they camt have triggered it ? 
  no i would not say germany is culturally closer to poland than france , but also not much farther . 
  poland is significantly farther away culturally from germany than say the netherlands . 
  if any thing the group with germany should probably contain like germany , austria , switzerland , the netherlands and flanders ( as denmark goes with nordic ) . 
  the problem is that there is a civil war going on in syria ... 
   you pretty much brought them in . 
  yeah , because greece and hungary would have collpased if germany had not made a move to alleviate the pressure . 
   bitching about everyone and anyone who tried to be sane and against letting millions of people move freely through europe going whether they wanted to go , most of them economic migrants who have no right to be in european soil . 
  and who was against letting people freely roam ? 
  i recall people only being against having to take refugees themselves . 
  but those greek , spanish or portugese are often not willing to move to germany . 
  we have these people here now and it 's better to have them employed than just on benefits . 
  if you want a government to lobby for a job for the portugese look to the portugese government and not the german government, 
  i am aware and they are free to move . 
  i saw that proposal recently from 13 may 2015 outlining hotspots . 
  also hotspots were always part of the german proposal . 
  you know that this is pretty much exactly the eu proposal for hotspots ? 
  like almost completely the same solution my government had been pushing so much for, 
  no this is 1900 . 
  though the baltics and part of poland should go east then as they were part of the russian empire back then . 
  this grouping does not make much sense today . 
  the netherlands for example belong in the same group as germany much more than say croatia, 
  that is pretty much what is central europe on this map . 
  just that austria and germany are smaller now ... 
  i guess finland , the baltics and a chunk of eastern poland should go to eastern europe ? 
  then you 'd have borders of 1900, 
  i mean depending how you want to look at it this sense makes a lot of sense outside of poland/baltics . 
  having western , central and eastern europe certainly made sence before the central powers got crushed . 
  the borders of central europe on this map mirror the borders of austria hungary + germany around 1900 outside of poland and the baltics . 
  it 's also not messed up to have the borders of the warsaw pact and nato as groups it is a lot closer to the current political reality, 
  would n't you need to see the divide go through poland and not have the baltics in central europe to be historically accurate ?
