  in general as long as afd and linke do n't control more than half the seats there are no problems beause then every other party can build a centrist coalition . 
  also the afd has said that they wo n't be the junior partner in a coalition , so that wo n't happen . 
  i actually do n't know what would happen if no government forms and i actually do n't know of any case where that happened in post war germany . 
  if anything i would expect a coaliton of everyone but the afd, 
  just that this is only one state ? 
  i can also link you to the polls for bavaria : http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/landtage/bayern.htm shows 9 % afd with csu looking to govern alone again . 
  i have not enough insigt on irish politics to comment on that though . 
  if you want to discuss federal politics take the federal polls : http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/index.htm, 
   again are you talking about the bailouts or the years of loans ? 
  the bailouts were loans albeit at much better than market conditions . 
   do n't understand what you 're saying here ? 
  if greece had n't run ridiculous deficits it would not have gotten into a position where it could n't loan money on the market . 
   no it 's not , like i said in the previous comment the current method does not care for greece . 
  it is not designed to help greece as i said it is designed to prevent a default and to keep the greek state running . 
   how on earth do you believe that raising and creating new taxes everywhere to the point where people ca n't even afford to live anymore , let alone invest in the economy will help greece ? 
  the greek state was spending too much money and earning to little . 
  to change that you raise taxes and reduce spending . 
  i do n't think you quite now in what dire straits greece is/was . 
  what do you think would happen if the ez stopped loaning money to greece ? 
  trump has lead a campaign . 
  we can judge him on the things he said beforehand . 
   as a result , over the next few years , it is n't too unlikely that cdu + spd + grn will fall under 50 % in saxony , being at 53 % in this poll . 
  so then they are at below 50 % and ? 
  that still gives them a majority of seats because of the 5 % thresshold . 
   this will be especially probable if the cdu/spd lose enough seats that merkel ends up needing the greens to make up the numbers that does seem highly unlikely as of right now . 
  even by the most unfavourable polls to them they still have a very solid majority . 
   the 2019 election is going to be very interesting , especially if none of the `` usual '' coalitions can form thanks to afd occupying so much space . 
  much can and will change until 2019 . 
   the cdu could be in a similar dilemma like fianna f\u00e1il were after the 2016 election in ireland : presented with a choice between getting into bed with afd or aligning with spd/grn/linke . 
  that would require some significant gains on sides of linke and afd . 
  i could see there being a lockout though because that leaves no viable coalitions . 
  this is the state where one would expect the afd to have the most support . 
  election in saxony also is more than 2 years in the future and a lot will have happened by then . 
  which does n't matter at all considering saxony is only voting for a new landtag in 2019 ? 
  why even post this here ? 
  yeah the euro crashed so european countries will seem poorer on that metric ... germany did for example not loose like 15 % of its gdp from 2014 to 2015, 
   the decision with respect to greece and cyprus . 
  the prudent move would have been to solve the problems . 
  forgive some of the debt and make a payment plan which allowed growth and stability . 
  instead : they were given very little help , most of which was only given to protect german and french banks . 
  ( this is the one i cant forgive germany for due to the rise in suicides in greece ) . 
  you do know that merkel was lobbying hard to even give any help to greece by 2015 ? 
  it would have been way easier to get support for not giving another bailout . 
   the stability mechanism . 
  the german public was against the stability mechanism as they did not want to give any financial power to the eu . 
  merkel delayed on its implementation until a lot of the damage that it could have stopped was already done . 
  so merkel did what the german populace wanted and was perceived as best for germany . 
  that is her job . 
  she was the main one against any type of stimulus or quantitative easing . 
  both of which were unpopular in germany but could have helped the banks/other countries . 
  same again ... 
  there also was a point in last september when merkel was forced to make a move by orban where she could not stay quiet, 
   the better method - use investment if possible ( if not still feasible ) to kick start economic growth again . 
  taxes are either left at current levels or reduced to increase business and personal wealth in order to increase spending and growth . 
  this increases tax revenue naturally but slower . 
  debts can be payed over a longer period of time but in the long term everyone wins . 
  greece is not in eternal depression and debt has become sustainable . 
  and without the aid of the ez countries where do you think that money would come from ? 
  without the ez countries where do you think greece could have borrowed any money from ? 
  money does n't just come out of thin air . 
  and yes if greece had n't reveled in debt it would not have needed the aid . 
  it did though to a point where greece could not loan money on the open market anymore which is where the ez countries jumped in . 
  if you stop paying pensions or public servants because you ca n't get the money to pay them how are they going to eat ? 
  and how is that better than getting lent money from the ez countries at rates far far below market prize ? 
  the current method is to get out of the situation without having greece default . 
  not more and not less, 
   without the `` generous help '' of germany , greece would have been able to keep it 's sovereignty and be able to fix their finances much better than the current method . 
  can you tell me how greece would have served its debt or paid its public servants or pensions without the help of countries like germany ? 
  do you really think it would have been preferable to send emergency humanitarian aid to greece ? 
  how do you fix a states finances when said state collapses ? 
   we ca n't have common currency if there is n't convergence , that defeats why supposedly the euro was even created . 
  i ca n't change that i am just stating a fact that the ez countries right now are definitely not in aligned fiscal cycles and i do not know how to change that without massive transfer payments which i think wo n't happen . 
   more integration . 
  but i argue that this should n't even be a negotiation just assessing realistically the situation . 
  if integration just favours a part of the union it will be hard to go forward with it though . 
   because if another crisis comes in and italian banks blow up we can say arrivederci to the euro . 
  that will be pretty much the case almost whatever we do . 
   not necessarily , most proponents of eurobonds defend them coupled within the limits of 60 % on public debt . 
  so we could pay less interest for debt and still trying to lower debt to 60 % . 
  yeah but which countries are actually trying to lower their debt ratio aside from germany ? 
  the 60 % ratio is not fulfilled by most countries , only luxembourg , denmark and sweden do it in western europe along with the baltics , poland , romania , bulgaria and slovakia in the east . 
   now if the various debts are disguised in a eurobond way , investors do n't know if they 're investing in greek or german bonds . 
  risking in the whole eurozone is much safer if you have the institutional backing of the ecb to prevent more contagion of cyclical crisis . 
  you are increasing the risk and interest rates for norhtern europe while lowering it for the south . 
  the eu countries are also not in aligned fiscal cycles . 
   the current path is not level headed . 
  by being pragmatic means we all have to accept that in order for greece and other indebted countries to grow and be pay back whatever we can recover we have to have haircuts . 
  it is always easy to be generous with other peoples money . 
  what concessions are on the table for such haircuts ? 
  hitler is literally hitler !, 
  so then the imf can go ahead by example and grant greece debt relief themselves, 
  eurobonds effectively amount to a transfer union . 
  it is also a very lopsided idea in terms of who benefits from that . 
  it would basically mean that it makes lending cheaper for southern european countries on the assumption that the northern states pay if things do n't go well , but we have no influence on how much and on what money gets spent . 
  oh and it will also mean that interest rates on government bonds will rise . 
  also what is pragmatic action even supposed to mean ? 
  you ca n't give a haircut or you will have other countries asking for it and you ca n't just expect northern countries to finance much higher deficit spending, 
  there can be no transfer union without a political union . 
  it was not germany that asked greece for help ... 
  it was not germany that almost went bankrupt .
