  the main probably influences it more ( the town i live literally is on that river ) , but yeah the rhein-main area is one of the more mild areas in germany, 
  hm i live near frankfurt/main and that is what i would say is the climate here, 
  35c in summer is unusual . 
  you do n't have that more than a week or two . 
  -20 c is pretty much unheard of . 
  in general i would say most of the time it is between 0 and 25c, 
  berlin is a bit north of calgary for example, 
  so the phoenix is like 80 % the area of belgium ? 
  to me it seems a bit like east asia is collectivist . 
  america is anti collectivist . 
  europe is somewhere in the middle, 
  it is also not uncommon to have 2 cars here for a family . 
  like husband and wife both need a car to get to work, 
  and now can you explain how that storage system works ? 
  of course it is not an easy solution , but a debt write off was on the table . 
  it is also not like there are a lot of other possible solutions , but i do n't think going forward the status quo will be sustainable at all and rallying for another bailout will be tough, 
  but technically he was only saying germany and not the federal republic of germany . 
  to be fair technically he is correct . 
  not that it is really relevant , but it technically is a true statement, 
  well the greek government declined to leave the ez and declare bankruptcy, 
  the ng in ngo is for non government ... as for what is our lena : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/31/teenage-girl-made-up-migrant-claim-that-caused-uproar-in-germany that case was primarily pushed out by russian media as for party funding type it in google aswell ... you will find the results, 
  asd i said she is a very centrist politician . 
  merkel really is not a left wing politician . 
  granted she is also not really a right wing politician . 
  she really is a centrist, 
  he 'll be forced to resign, 
  that really does n't seem politically feasible though . 
  also it seems like a dangerous precedent to set, 
  so then what keeps greece from going bankrupt ? 
   at that point , in july , the imf plans to corner chancellor merkel into choosing what costs her less politically : continuing with the greek program without the imf ? 
  or granting the greek state substantial debt relief ? 
  i would believe that the only answer to this can be having greece leave the eurozone and then a debt cut which has been proposed repeatedly, 
  probably also depends on what you mean by consequences, 
  i would expect that s\u00fcddeutsche has scanned that thoroughly for the big german names and i would also expect them to open on that if they found something by this point . 
  that said there still might be something found . 
  is putin responsible for his close friend , the cellist ? 
  i can tell you what did n't change : you still need evidence to convict people . 
  the same disinformation . 
  just look at the case of the girl from berlin that allegedly got raped by refugees , that turned out to be a giant hoax . 
  there is a russian minority in germany aswell mostly wolga germans . 
  every political philosophy thought out to its complete extreme is absurd, 
  note that in the title it should say propaganda war . 
  let 's hope we wo n't need war propaganda any time soon . 
  uhm in the time it meant german . 
  also considering that william of orange was from germany ... also is n't duitsland germany in dutch ? 
  \\ #makegermanygreatagain, 
  the eastern expansion of the eu propbably just went too quickly . 
  i think it is just a touchy topic for a lot of people . 
  i know that it is true that these territories in now western poland were german , at least as far as you would also describe bavaria or saxony at german , but a lot of people just dont delve into thr topic and it is one that is in my oppinion still very clouded with propaganda, 
  an interesting sidenote : this is from the public broadcasters, 
  you still need to organize the necessary explosives . 
  also youd ned channels for communication that are not scainned by western intel . 
  also you need to segment information so that one individual cant topp , e the operation if caught . 
  that is actually really scary because that means that the only waay for russia to prevail in a drawn out war would be massive use of strategic nukes which is why we shouldtry toa voidanato russia war at most . 
  costs, 
  yes but it also is significantly tougher to execute and a bigger operation is easier to target for intelligence services, 
  which settlements ? 
  these areas had been german for centuries . 
  they were german before the partitions of poland, 
  how i think these people got to these areas where they were deported from ? 
  well for the most part they lived there for generations . 
  these were not people living in areas that germany stole from poland . 
  these areas had been german for centuries . 
  there was no sizable polish minority in most of the areas cleansed . 
  these were lands that were german even prior to the partitions . 
  i also think calling this a tragedy is a bit of a euphemism . 
  this was a crime against humanity in my oppinion . 
  that said i am just trying to point out that even with how grateful we have to be for the protection under nato that not everything was rosy and that under the allies a number of terrible things happened in germany . 
  no we are not . 
  the combined forces of western europe could repel russia just individually russia would steamroll us . 
  that is why we stand together militarily, 
  that people want us soldiers out of germany is not the coiceof a minority it just is that h vast majority of us soldiers and military bases already left germany, 
  why is ovcupied in '' ? 
  the us did occupy germany . 
  that obviously does not take away from the us being the biggest protecting power of germany in the cold war , but saying that the us only did good for germany is simply not true . 
  the us was complicit in the deportation of millions of germans aswell . 
  the picture is neither black nor white ... 
  one could argue thatthis move alsodestabilizes the region . 
  granted it may be correct but it is moving towards escalation rather than deescalation, 
  honestly we should be clearer in what the eu and the eurozone are . 
  we need a clear inner circle within the ez that is ultimately thriving for political union embeded i. the larger trading block if necessary, 
  i have never heard of a bank charging a deposit fee . 
  really ? 
  nato for so long was at the very front of thr cold war with millions of soldiers just in germany . 
  also there still is the nuclear veil and it is just way more profitable to all parties to maintain stable relations with russia and rather prevent a war before fighting it , because fighting a full blown war would just lead to extermination . 
  but on the flipside the states also dont yield nearly enough power . 
  transfers without giving up more power is also not something really feasible, 
  its significantly below minimum wage in germany, 
  you know it costs less money if your goal is to defend yourself and not project power globally, 
  well the . 
  leave ? 
  nobody is forcing the us to have these bases over here . 
  and the vast majority is gone anyways, 
  yeah but the goal of the us militry , unlike the german military for example , is not only to defend but to project force . 
  it 's not like people are asking to have american bases in germanyand the vast majority is closed by now anyways . 
  the attackers were primarily eu natives ... 
  if that is the priblem , why are almost all perpetrators homegrown ? 
  and donald trump and pis are also left wing parties ? 
  a random muslim in the uk most likely has as much to do with brussels as a random german today with the holocaust, 
  of course you can critizise islam .
