  the massive german trade surplus comes pretty much exclusively from outside the eu/ez which is much much less of a problem , because that does nto cause other eu countries to run deficits . 
  also i know that the euro being this low is good for a lot of europe . 
  it is also good for german exports . 
  it just causes the external trade balance to baloon up . 
  it 's not like ukraine is the country of the tartars though ... 
  becaue then the greek state collapses and greece does not get money on the market at the moment . 
  it gets it from bailouts . 
  then reforms should be implemented swiftly so bailouts do n't have to be cancelled and greece would most likely have to leave the currrency union . 
  how are government deficits a zero sum game ? 
  so firstly you should stop conflating government surplusses and trade balance . 
  germany has not seen massive government surpluses . 
  the goal has been to have a balanced budget ( and that has been met the past few years ) . 
  germany will also naturally have a trade surplus as long as you have a fundamentally undervalued euro . 
  so one step in reducing a trade surplus would be to get the euro to appreciate . 
  so then how does greece pay its pensions and its public state workers for example ? 
  and how does it deal with the fact that it wo n't be able to lend money for the foreseeable future ? 
  it has only been this year that argentina got back on the capital markets and still is paying huge rates, 
  i do n't think you can undo the euro without causing massive financial chaos , that is the issue . 
  i do think germany could cope with the euro being dissolved even if it would cause an economic downswing , but i think countries like italy would be in much greater peril . 
  then the conclusion has to be that the bailouts simply should not happen, 
  the idea of a `` northern euro '' seems a lot more workable though . 
  for example i think in principle it would be decent for germany and the netherlands to share a currency . 
  so what do you think would happen if greece would not be granted new loans ? 
  you cant argue with people there . 
  you just get banned for dissenting oppinions ir presenting facts if they dont align wiht their views, 
  firstly there were two elections in 32 in germany for reichstag and both had the nsdap as the largest party with 37.8 % of seats in july and 33.5 % of seats in november . 
  berlin is larger than paris ... 
  then the us would simply take the death penalty off the table like they usually do ... 
  if he gets granted that is a wholely different question though . 
  people just keep postimg the same story, 
  also votes may very well be along party lines moreso than country lines, 
  in germany there are hatespeech laws , that for example forbid to call for violence against a group of people . 
  these laws have to be enforced in germany on facebook aswell and facebook is simply not doing so, 
  that was hardly hidden . 
  at worst it was reported on too late . 
  and in local news you literally found that on nye . 
  uhm rhine-ruhr has more than 10 million population ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhine-ruhr ), 
  do you think that having laws to prevent people from leaving their country is better ? 
  or how do you think countries should tackle that ? 
  and why is that the reponsibility of france or germany ? 
  the us has an absurdly nationalist culture . 
  take the pledge of allegiance as an example, 
  rescuing people in distress on sea ? 
  which every ship is obliged to ? 
   or how about just sending them back which is not happening on a large enough scale yet . 
  there is due process before that can happen . 
   or just not let them in in the first place . 
  how ? 
   most of the people coming at this point come from africa , do n't know of any large scale wars going on over there at the moment . 
  that is just wrong, 
  so we start a war against a nato member . 
  that sounds great !, 
  like making a deal with turkey ? 
  you know you need these kind of deals to make the hailed australian model work ? 
  you wo n't secure the borders until you find a way to handle asylum in europe . 
  we need something to replace the collapsed dublin system . 
  nobody is bringing them over here . 
  they are coming ... that is quite a difference . 
  also how do you plan to gather support for a large scale military intervention in syria ? 
  how do you think people will feel if you get news all the time of dutch soldiers dying abroad ? 
  do you really think that that is a better solution ? 
  that also poses vast logistical issues : how do you acquire the land to build camps for possibly millions of people ? 
  how do you manage the infrastructure ? 
  how do you provide people with optios to do someething productive with themselfes ( i.e. 
  work ) . 
  where do you get teachers from to work in these camps/cities ? 
  at least longterm that seems qite problematic to me . 
  i can see that if this is well done it could work quite well , but i do n't know if at this point this would not just be vastly more expensive, 
  so far it has been mostly working out fine . 
  but no we absolutely do not have infinite capacity . 
  that is why we create deals like the one with turkey . 
  i think we also have to work together more on asylum . 
  you ca n't have no borders , but no shared asylum system and the dublin system is absolutely obsoleted, 
  and then do what if they ask for asylum ? 
  and where do you want to put these people if turkey does n't allow these vehicles to reenter its territorial waters ? 
  the afd already said that they will use them, 
  but then how are people supposed to identify when they are doing somehting potentially illegal ? 
  i mean you surely do n't start to have waivers on you to sign that sex was indeed consensual ... also there is a world between being to drunk to to be allowed to drive and not being able to think for oneself, 
  i bet that map was made by an irishman, 
  missionary only . 
  and only for procreation !, 
   yes i know , that is why i said it was still greece 's fault . 
  but i do n't like it when people try and act as if we are trying to fix the problem now . 
  because we are n't , the only thing we are doing currently is repaying the creditors asap irrespective of the tole on greece . 
  this is my whole point . 
  greece is on the floor now and germany pursuit of eternal tax raises and austerity is beating it when it 's already down . 
  no greece is trying to somehow regain control of the state and then work on reducing the debt burden again . 
  you have to cut spending and increase revenue to make that possible though . 
   if people are poorer and continue to become poorer by the day , the very worst thing you can do as a state is worsen the problem by invoking even more taxes . 
  if you want the country to recover you wait until growth is reached and people are becoming richer before you even think about raising taxes . 
  this way instead of actually raising taxes you are instead allowing the increased wealth of the people increase tax revenue naturally . 
  and that is the point where the greek state fucked up because it overextended so far before te crisis that it could not afford stimulus . 
  do you really expect ez countries to fund stimuli programs in greece on the vague hope that tehre some day may be growth again ? 
  i actually like shops being closed on sundays . 
  there is no harm in having a day off for everyone , a day where you can be with your family . 
  it just ensures that people ahve a day off . 
  i mean you can go to church and go vote before or after if you want to ? 
  you have elections on sunday , so that everyone can go to vote without it conflicting with their work, 
  which is german law and does not contradict taking in refugees ? 
  as long as cdu + spd have a majority the will govern .
