  see the state is n't shutting down pegida for example . 
  it is not illegal to be against refugees in germany, 
  no of course it is not , but generalizations and spewing out hatred against refugees is not right . 
  statements like we should just gas them all are just spewing out hate and calling for violence . 
  these are the kinds of statements this is directed at . 
  well yeah , maybe tho i would expect the cia world factbook to show the su in a particularly good light, 
  nominal also gives you some pretty weird murks . 
  for example you will see germany 's gdp in 2008 was higher than it its now like that , simply because the euro was a lot stronger at the time than it is now . 
  well basically only because the euro to usd rate went down . 
  see if you look at the german gdp in usd you will see some of its peaks in 2008 because that 's where the euro hit its all time high ( around 1.6 usd for 1 eur ) . 
  it 's pretty insane considering that in 1990 the su still had half the gdp of the us ( according to wikipedia ), 
  no but in germany there is the concept of rechtsstaat . 
  basically there has to be the proper processings for us to deport people and that takes time and quite long currently with how overburdened a system is . 
  i can assure you that basically everyone in the ruling coalition ( tho probably not the opposition , that is actually a lot more to the left than the government ) is more than willing to deport these people , but there still is due process to make that happen . 
  you do n't just go in there , say you saw him with an isis flag and then take him to the airport and fly him out to syria ... 
  well that 's the internet . 
  you get called a lot of names if you represent diverging oppinions . 
  people in the internet are a lot less restrained than in real life . 
  https://www.rt.com/news/328379-police-pegida-cologne-rally/ that is one piece that gives that point . 
  another source : http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/koeln-pegida-101.html, 
  yes they have no right to disrupt the protest because they do n't like what is saying . 
  they have the right tho to use water cannons when protesters throw fireworks and beer bottles at the police and do n't stop . 
  well the protesters at the demonstrations attacked the police throwing beer bottles and fireworks at them . 
  after they did n't stop the police used water cannons . 
  also this time there was state police . 
  at nye there was an offer to call the state police aswell but that offer got declined, 
   scuffles between the police and pegida supporters started after the demonstrators hurled firecrackers and beer bottles at law enforcers . 
  when they continued to throw projectiles , police deployed two water cannons and used pepper spray to disperse the group . 
  supporters of the anti-immigration movement were then herded towards an area near the city 's station . 
  the issue is also that thousands of people gathering on the streets of a major city like cologne would be a big anomaly most times but on nye it is basically expected, 
  yes france may need support for its regions but i doubt it would need as much as the czech republic for example ( please do n't see this as anything against the czech republic it just is n't in the same economic league as germany ) . 
  but the big issue that it is not politically feasible without france to create such a transfer union . 
  that economic bloc would also be by far the most powerful within the eu . 
   to mitigate some of need for transfer german wages would need to increase substantially sorry i do n't get that connection . 
  why would german wages need to increase substantially ? 
  overall i do n't think that is currently feasible . 
  honestly the most likely scenario for such a union to form would be if the eu were to dissolve in my oppinion . 
  i am fairly certain there would be some form of union between austria , germany , the benelux and france if the eu were to dissolve under the assumption that france wanted to be a part of that . 
  these scenarios also change a lot if the lepen wins french presidency . 
  one scenario i could see a union form between germany , the benelux and austria would be if britain were to leave the eu . 
  then france elects lepen as president and then procedes to leave the eu aswell leading to a cascade of countries leaivng the eu/possibly dissolving it . 
  in the aftermath such a union between germany , austria and the benelux could form . 
  yes the euro crisis really pushed the yield of german bonds down simply because so many people wanted to buy them seeing german bonds as a safe haven, 
  they added annotations nothing more , albeit a lot of them . 
  still what sense would it make to censor a book without copy right that is freely available on the internet hat anyone can reprint if they want . 
   every german child at the age of 16 has to visit a concentration camp that 's not 100 % true . 
  visiting the reichsparteitagsgel\u00e4nde ( nazi party rally grounds ) was enough when i went to school . 
  all the kzs justwere further away . 
  also yes germany is very pacifistic these days and so is japan . 
  you know having your whole country bombed out occupied and then split up all the while any tendencies for a party to the far right were shut down in the early brd were shut down basically . 
  as you said the primary reason why mein kampf did n't get printed that in 1945 on hitler 's death the state of bavaria got the copyright of mein kampf and they chose not to reprint it and if you wanted you could find a copy from the 30s or 40s anyways . 
  these were never illegal . 
  well but has n't this been said for the past 100 years already ? 
  why do you assume those incentives are not in place ? 
  in germany there is kindergeld ( basically the state giving money each month towards children ) , there are maternity/paternity leaves . 
  what do you suggest to introduce ? 
  the fbi ca n't raid offices in wolfsburg ... 
  well you could also make a case that that money is spent on german jobs and paying german companies for the most part . 
  there are no pay freezes that i know of at least . 
  this money basicalyl will be spent on the cost of refugees and it is honestly an easy way out to pay for it, 
   the germans should finally raise salaries of their mitarbeiter so that other euro-zone countries can get some breathing space the state ca n't command the salary that companies pay . 
  also that money will be needed to pay for the refugee crisis . 
  also of course economyis oing up and down but currently germany is in a pretty good position economically . 
  no there are term limits only for the german presidency . 
  maybe in 2021 or 2025 . 
  i seriously ca n't see anybody but merkel winning elections next year, 
  the judicative then also decides if these laws aree constitutional/lawful . 
  east germany already was enough of a hassle . 
  i do n't think it makes much sense for the czech republic or poland to have the same currency as germany . 
  these countries just do n't have the same economic power . 
  also yes it would give germany a bigger position of power which is why i included france . 
  if you create a transfer union of say the benelux , germany and austria you know what people would say : anschluss . 
  because there are basic laws that you do n't abolish . 
  these treaties are also international law and not only german law, 
  maybe maybe not . 
  we have state government elections in bw , saxony-anhalt and rhineland-palatinate coming up soon ( in march ) . 
  if the afd does that well i would expect parties like the cdu and spd do better in the elections after that and participation go up, 
  the bvb surely is not the reason :d also actually germany is just one of the countries that follows these laws and the humanitarian situation in hungary or greece is already really bad so you can not deport people there . 
  factually dublin deportations were not happening even before merkel 's statement . 
  the rest of europe ( actually you really should put austria together with germany and sweden ) is just in the why give a fuck if they want to go to germany or sweden anyways mode . 
  the people that call them racists decide that and people decide by their actions . 
  i would for example call a person that says stuff like `` all muslim men are rapists '' a racist . 
  that is just a generalization backed by no facts , that in my oppinion is at the core of racism . 
  generalizations and fearmongering . 
  you are right they are not necessarily connected but xenophobia in germany is just very closely tied to nazism in germany at least . 
  you are also right that these terms are used to bash political opponents and you wil also find that most politicians and the public media is n't calling people nazis . 
  they may have called them racists , but not nazis , those were mosly private people . 
  another people that makes people think of nazis very easily is nationalism . 
  levels of nationalism that would seem normal to a lot of countries and even tame in other countries are seen as fairly extreme in germany . 
  if you go to a protest waving german flags and shouting stuff like `` muslims out '' you will get tied in with nazis in germany . 
  public flags are usually fine during international football tournaments and that is also a fairly recent development . 
  to a pole maybe people running around waving flags singing your national anthem on a protest march against muslim immigration wo n't necessarily seen as far right the situation and how these things are seen are just different in germany . 
  yeah germany is also gladly mostly clean of the damn jews ... 
  thanks hitler / s, 
  the issue is that the bvg would overturn decisions to deport people back to greece or hungary due to human rights violations . 
  also do you really propose to just detain anyone coming here for asylum indefinitely ? 
  this `` not our problem '' approach simply wo n't work and if only because those other countries wo n't / ca n't take them back . 
  also keep in mind that only 30 % of syrian refugees in turkey live in these camps . 
  the thing is is n't it right to call people behaving like racists and nazis , racists and nazis ? 
  the thing is even in an incident like this you should avoid generalizations like `` all muslim men are rapists '' .
