  they do n't lose that because they were born and raised in germany , nor does being born in germany give you german citizenship . 
  the thing is that they do n't have a shot at the german national team and better to ply on the turkish team than no team i guess . 
  i also have the feeling that a lot of turks here still see themselves as having a turkish identity aswell as a german one . 
  not like he really could say much else even if he wanted to . 
  germany needed the occupying powers to comply so that reunification could go on and occupation could end, 
  poland still is nowhere near as relevant for germany as germany is apparently to poland, 
  that is not really true . 
  germany would in that case just trying to restore the borders before the war . 
  poland annexed a fifth of german territory after ww2 . 
  also frankonia is certainly germany though it can look like poland from afar, 
  i do n't think you should really look at the relations during ww2 for the relations now . 
  france and germany for example hated each other guts . 
  i 'd be kinda curious if the results were the same if you replaced switzerland with the netherlands . 
  the us that seems to be less and less enthusiastic about nato ? 
  the us that sounds more and more isolationist ? 
  people still feel a lot more connected to southern europe i think . 
  everyone goes to vacation there and you have been our allies and not our enemies . 
   look buddy , it 's getting ridiculous you are seeing that a big majority of muslims are not integrating that is just not something i see . 
  the vast majority of muslims are turks and turks in my experience are at least decently integrated for the most part . 
   i 'm telling you why it 's hard to switch their way of life and you spell out some nonsense about `` what 's wrong about that and what 's wrong about this '' what you are telling is why a very conservative interpretation of islam makes it tough and some of the points where you see issues and with some of these i just do not see issues . 
   it 's been 70 years since wwii and muslims have not integrated our societies where in europe has there been a signficant muslim population right after ww2 . 
  at least in germany most of these came in the 60s and 70s and most of these integrated reasonably well to me . 
   do n't know where you are from i guess germany , but as i said i was born in syria i lived with muslims , i studied their history their culture , i talk about them from experience . 
  well my flair says germany and that is where i live and where i am from . 
  i also made my experiences with muslims in germany which may very well be differently from your experiences with muslims in syria , but it seems like to you muslims are all the same . 
  the culture was very different . 
  politics played a vastly bigger role in the former warsaw pact for example . 
  there was way more surveillance going on . 
  europe is also a geographic term for hte most part . 
  also i would definitely call nazi germany a different culture than post war germany . 
   i 'm not calling you dumb i 'm calling you misinformed . 
  being dumb is irreparable , being misinformed is easy to fix . 
  there is a big difference between being misinformed and interpreting information differently ... 
   i can assimilate better because my religion does n't require me to cover up women , not drink alcohol , not eat anything i want etc. ... all these things help me not distant myself from the native population . 
   and yet we have many moderate muslims that are part of our society . 
  i also do not see what the problem is if women chose to wear a headscarf . 
  during my great grandmothers generation that was common to wear for christians here aswell . 
  also it just is their choice as it is their choice what to eat . 
  we are not questioning the ability of vegetarians to integrate into our society are we ? 
   for example going to work and some of the coworkers ask if we should go for drinks later , a muslim will refuse , missing out on a chance to bond and make better relationships with the natives , he will go to a tea salon where he will hang out with other muslims . 
  that is a big generalization and also often just wrong . 
  i have seen plenty of muslims drink rather large amounts of alcohol . 
  i also think that in general generalizing to `` the muslim '' , `` the jew '' or `` the german is wrong ''  integration is about little stuff , that you think are irrelevant but are very important . 
  a muslim will mostly look for a muslim bride , reducing his chances of integration . 
  people marry within their social and religious circles . 
  just 50 years ago it was very weird that my catholic grandfather married a protestant girl . 
  and funnily just last weekend my stepsisters were on a wedding of a turk and a german girl . 
  i personally will also most likely marry someone that does n't care too much for religion . 
  people are usually attracted to people closer to them . 
   not all muslims are unable to assimilate and integrate but there 's a reason why have complete communities and neighborhoods , that are full of them and only them , they find it difficult to switch to our way of life yes people prefer usually to be in envorinments that are familiar to them . 
  you observe this clustering by the way not only with muslims , but generally with poorer people ( and muslims tend to be in a lower social class in general ) . 
  you will often find the russians in the same neighborhoods as the turks . 
  in the same way you will see middle class families ive in the same neighborhoods or the rich live close to one another . 
  edit : you are also mostly talking about a very conservative interpretation one that is definitely not followed by all muslims . 
  jews are greedy . 
  there was a culture distinct to western culture certainly . 
  also please do not call me dumb because i hold different views than you ... 
  poles and russians had soviet culture aswell which was definitely different from western europe . 
  also racism does n't strictly refer to their skin colour . 
  it famously has been used for jews and jews were also white . 
  so you did assimilate , but you think that musilms can not assimilate ? 
  what makes muslims somehow less able than christians to assimilate ? 
  can jews assimilate better or worse than christians ? 
  you are tlaking in generalizations about religious groups and i do n't see a real difference between that and grouping bpeopel because they are arabs, 
  asylum seekers will have to go back once the war ends or assimilate . 
  you yourself called yourself a belgian , even though you were born in syria . 
  so basically pure racism ? 
   you mean ww2 ? 
  that 's not a civil war . 
  no i mean the holocaust . 
   if immigrants keep flowing into the country and have more babies than the natives . 
  that is extremely unlikely to ever cause a point where natives do not outnumber recent immigrants . 
  you also have to account for assimilation  irrelevant issue , not my problem it is not irrelevant because it shows to me that people have a problem with muslims and not with immigrants . 
  we already tried preserving our countries gene pool once . 
  people got really mad at that when we started eliminating undesierables . 
  also how the fuck should the population suddenly be 50 % immigrants ? 
  and why were people not nearly as outraged when we had poles or russians coming ? 
  the natives no longer being a majority is n't really something that is any likely to happen in europe . 
  all the areas in that has been the case it has been due to interventions in the 20th century or earlier . 
  yes i can see rising nationalism and mistrusft in the government , but so far these have been a small minority and i do not see them rising much further . 
  you already can observe them discrediting themselves . 
  also we have maybe 2 or 3 million people that seek asylum in europe . 
  we have more turks , poles or russians in germany than asylum seekers and people are not making doomsday prophecies about these people taking over our countries . 
  and why would that lead to a civil war ? 
  also i think you are really overexagerating the effects of immigration . 
  because you are spewing bullshit ? 
  i mean about those native americans ... 
  which would mean in most cases be national debt then . 
  i guess you could probably get international debt denominated in gbp or dem ( when those were still around ) , but you wo n't get them that easily in drachmas from outside of your country . 
  also just as a matter of the fact these countries do not have their own currency for the most part , but rahter share it with the rest of the union and we have to prevent another greek crisis from happening . 
  there should not be constant demand for bailouts and for that you have to consolidate the economy . 
  germany did it . 
   however , in general terms i agree with you , the uk does need to manage its debt carefully and cut the deficit gradually . 
  it 's kinda crazy to think that in 2007 the uk had a debt ratio of 43 % and germany had 66 % and now the uk has one of 90 % while germany is at 78 % . 
  it seems so much healthier long term how our government is handling debt for the long term . 
  can you help me find the data for west germany pre reunification ? 
  that seems to be not listed . 
  also shos that germany had a surplus for 4 years since 2000 ( and is estimated to have one again in 2015,2016 ), 
   which results in european politics and european institutions tending towards more alignment with germany ( which is definitely the case right now ) . 
  well not necessarily .
