  you ca n't let 100.000 s of these people run around . 
  we have an open border agreement with france though and as you very well know the assailants were french nationals and not refugees . 
   the current influx is neither sustainable for germany nor the region the came from oh i fully agree on that , but people will flee from civil war and if nobody provides refuge in the area they will look further . 
   i ca n't believe i actually found someone who thinks that 1 million migrants a year is just fine . 
  oh i do not think this is fine . 
  i just do not think the solutions are as easy as so many seem to think and i am also just not willing to throw away our grundgesetz over this ( hyperbolically ) . 
   because the government gave them a refugee status they did n't deserve . 
  treat them as migrants not refugees and the problem is solved . 
  that is not true . 
  \u00a7 1 gg also applies to those without a refugee status , which is why these people get that . 
   if nobody takes in migrants they would be discouraged to make the journey in the first place and therefore not a lot of them would show up . 
  also it 's not very hard to watch over a small shipping canal with greece 's massive navy and coast guard . 
  maybe they should ask spain or frontex for help they have been doing this for years and are doing just fine . 
  the civil war in syria does not end because we do not take in people . 
  the government of eritrea wo n't stop persecuting people becasue we do n't take them in . 
  these people do not suddenly not have to flee . 
  maybe you just do n't care for these people i do not know . 
   right , but that would mean actually enforcing european legislation . 
  ca n't have in the eu  no that would be going against the rule of the bundesverfassungsgericht that ruled the deportations to greece , italy or hungary impossible because deporting there risks the human dignity of the people deported ( \u00a7 1 gg really is at the core of the issue ) . 
   it should be really easy . 
  with u.s. air support you literally could just drive the kfor to syria and they would have no problem to defeat some badly organized `` wan na be '' islamic state idiots and that failure of a dictator with his shitty old russian tanks . 
  not that i would actually think that assad would attack any german troops or european troops for that matter . 
  and how do you get us support ? 
  why should the us want to go against one of its big allies in the region . 
   with the afd  . 
  just kidding , everything but those people . 
  i do n't think you would need to pass it . 
  the threat of the possibility would get things moving in turkey . 
  i do not think calling that bluff would be particularly hard because erdogan and turkey know very well that such an intervention would not pass in the bundestag . 
  und das trotz des eigentlichen ziels der bundesregierung , die zahl zu erh\u00f6hen there is a big difference between a declined asylum application and being `` unmittelbar ausreisepflichtig '' though . 
  if your asylum application gets rejected you have the right to appeal that for example . 
  as you said for most of the people from the balkans this was rather easy and as such they got deported . 
  and yes the number of people this year might be very well in the 100.000 s and that will be a logistical nightmare , but it is mostly that a logistical nightmare . 
  this will take a while to all get resolved , but i honestly do not see why we should not be confident that after a while we will have these issues resolved aswell . 
  it just takes a while to create the capacity needed to handle this influx . 
   12 $ really ? 
  even the courts recognize that this is on the same level as the unemployment benefits for natives . 
  also depending on how much rent he has to pay he still might receive more benefits than a native that lives just further outside of the city . 
  technically it is less though , but i get your point . 
  but again the government tried to reduce it further only for the verfassungsgericht to intervene . 
   not at all . 
  if germany would n't accept these migrants ( because they are n't refugees ) the countries on the balkan route could n't just wave them through and we actually had law and order for a change . 
  i agree that something would change , but i believe that something would mostly be that these countries would just rigorously enforce their borders leaving greece stranded . 
   it also would mean that greece in particular had to properly protect it 's borders instead of this `` do n't care '' `` germany , austria and sweden that way '' attitude . 
  if there are by any chance migrants that would make it to germany anyway . 
  the issue i see is that it would be very tough for greece to actually do that and certainly would require some draconic measures ( for example cutting the ferry services from the islands to the mainland , basically leaving the islands to collapse )  . 
  there are a lot of emergency measures that could be declared : most importantly all balkan countries will get `` sicheres herkunftsland '' status and turkey will be a `` sicherer drittstaat '' . 
  the balkans have already been declared that as far as i am aware . 
  people fleeing from the balkans have been going down and down over the last months essentially stopping in the last months of last year . 
  having turkey be a `` sicherer drittstaat '' is something that i see more critical , especially because turkey did not sign the 1967 protocol to the status of refugees . 
  anyways people seeking asylum in germany by definition have to arrive through a `` sicheres drittland '' because all eu members aswell as switzerland ( and norway ) are classsified as sichere drittstaaten . 
   the migrants that did n't came from balkan countries will be put immediately under arrest ( and yes in the real prison ) after they have crossed the border with the options to either stay in prison until their asylum application is processed or to return immediately voluntarily so you want to imprision anybody coming to germany seeking to apply for asylum ? 
   if turkey does n't want to take in the migrants back then we could threaten to intervene militarily and create the the country of kurdistan in north syria directly on turkeys border . 
  i 'm certain that turkey would take them after that . 
  with whom do you want to stage such an intervention ? 
  also are you planning to attack turkey to create that state ? 
  and how the heck should that pass through the bundestag ? 
   you are talking about around 400.000 people there . 
  that is twice the population of my hometown rostock . 
  for me that 's way more than horrid . 
  actually the article i was referring to was for around 80k people of which roughly half were deported , but of course these were numbers for 2013 and 2014 . 
  the article you linekd to also does not mention at all how hundreds of thousands of people that are `` unmittelbar ausreisepflichtig '' living in germany . 
  it merely says that there are 400k unworked asylum applications ( and that number is actually higher by now ) , but that is due to the bamf being completely understaffed and it taking time to get the personnel to decide these cases aswell as just parsing through them . 
  now even if they get their asylum claims denied the first try that does n't mean that they immediately have to leave . 
  we still give people the right to appeal these decisions in germany . 
  it 's going to be an interesting year . 
  i highly doubt you could get the eu to fully collapse though as long as germany and france hold onto it as much . 
  you could probably create some horror scenarios for what could happen in the next few years though . 
  if you had greece collapse 6 years ago this could have lead to a way bigger catastrophe . 
  just look at how lehman cascaded through banks and now imagine a similar cascade , but this time it is not banks going down , but rather european nations . 
  and that liquidity was denied because the greek government left the negotiation table and staged a pointless referendum . 
  yes , but that is kind off a pointless vote because removing the troika and staying in the euro was just an unrealistic outcome . 
  this is like we could hold a referendum in germany saying `` should greece repay its debt now ? 
  and the ecb is already doing that with the ridiculous amounts of bonds it is buying . 
  i honestly dread another crisis because the ecb is already trying so desperately to induce inflation and growth while inducing insecurity doing this . 
  this quote literally confirms what i wrote . 
  392 $ is less than hartz 4 , which currently is at 404 $ . 
   they are not refugees . 
  they traveled illegally through like 8 different countries to reach germany . 
  do you actually think that they still flee war in austria or greece ? 
  they are abusing the asylum system nothing more . 
  do you think that a system that puts all the burden of dealing with these people onto the border states is a good idea though ? 
  as for those deportations , the article you linked shows a deportation rate of 50 % for those that are `` unmittelbar ausreisepflichtig '' and that is not great but it is also not horrid . 
  yes , we could remove the right to asylum , but do you really think we should get rid of that ? 
  should we not give sanctuary to those fleeing from war , political or religiouis persecution ? 
  see , but you have to determine first if they have a legit claim to asylum . 
  then if you decide that they do not have that they have the right to appeal that decision . 
  if that fails they will be sent back . 
  how are these people put ahead of our own people ? 
  those who do not get asylum will get deported eventually and until then they get less than unemployment benefits . 
  the thing is you can only cut down benefits so far before the supreme court smites it down, 
   hell , you can even support isis , fight for isis , behead people , take a 4 year old to a war zone , the list goes on , and not receive so much as a fine in many european countries . 
  but ca n't have people making joke videos . 
   you can not do that if they can prove you that , but the tough part mostly is proving that to people . 
  also i do not think that we should allow ideologies that are aiming to destroy the foundation of our very democracy to be protected . 
  do you think people would also find it hilarious if it said `` kill all infidels '' instead of gas the jews and `` allahu akbar '' instead of sieg heil ? 
  is it really unreasonable to call that man a nazi though ? 
  `` gas the jews '' is a joke now ? 
  well yes if you destabilize the eu with an event like a brexit that might lead to war in europe eventually . 
  granted that an increase in risk does n't mean that there is a realistic risk of an event happening , but saying it increases a risk is not too far fetched .
