  how do you create the confidence of people that these new banks wo n't fail again and they will lose everything again ? 
  well the greek government had that option and they rejected it . 
  well it is not like the 500 $ bills will somehow lose their worth . 
  this just means that they wo n't print new ones . 
  not many more ? 
  these came here on the recruitment programs in the 60s and 70s when there was a severe shortage of workers in germany . 
  it really is funny how people are so riled up about granting turkey free travel fearing that millions of turks might flood europe , but are not nearly that enraged , when the eu is discussing visa free travel for a significantly poorer country, 
  there is a pretty big differene between having people immigrate to work and asylum . 
  the thing is you can not detach banks and people so easily simply because people rely on banks . 
  we all saw the pictures last summer of pensioneers being unable to get their pensions . 
  if the banking sector collapses the average greek ca n't spend money on northern european goods simply because he ca n't transfer the money to northern europe . 
  what do you think will happen wenn greek pensioneers can not get access to their pensions anymore because the banks ca n't pay him out ? 
  what happens if your company ca n't import vital parts for their business because they can not pay their business partners anymore ? 
  these companies just close down as happened last year . 
  where in the world do you not face regulations like this ? 
  what do you think would happen if greenpeace put up a container in front of the washington monument without permission ? 
  the thing is that you most likely would be even worse off if the greeek banking system had collapsed completely last year . 
  still one thing people also tend to forget is that greece spend that money aswell and that nobody forced them to take out that many loans, 
  i really do not think greece would be better of though had the greek banking system collapsed, 
  note that it was closed because they didnt have the proper permit to deploy the container there and not because people could read ttip there, 
  we could also try and create a system that does not heavily incentivize turning a blind eye to refugees, 
   this proposal will increase the rise of afd in germany how so ? 
  if there is one country that really stands to profit from a quota system it is germany, 
  do you get different results when you do these questions in bulgarian ? 
  do n't you know it is the other countries only that should help relieve the crisis, 
  i do n't think / r/europe is really the place to be if you value care about getting downvoted so much . 
  interestingly though when these threads are new i tend to have something in the plus range and then looking 3 hours later it has all been downvoted into oblivion ( see this thread were most of my comments were in the 4-6 point range a few hours ago ), 
  i do n't think people have real issues with italy , spain or portugal . 
  i can see that there are states that are poorer that also need funds , but at least from how i see it southern europe is invested in the political idea of the european union , the ever closer union . 
  there is less of an ideological rift going through the north-south line than through the east-west . 
   when they can get all of the perks by living in germany or sweden . 
  so you take that away, 
  well those are corner points of almost all plans ... 
  no , just as you can dress yourself up as a policemen for carnival . 
  the thing is these uniforms have to be confusingly similar to qualify as impersonating the police . 
  you might have also noticed that they are not tried because it said police on these vests specifically . 
  so a system of distributing refugees acros europe ? 
  these proposals just seem so very close to what the proposed hotspot system was, 
  then why does your government proposes it as a way via the visegard group ? 
  and if the positions of the visegard group are not the positions of the governments of the v4 what is the point of having that group ? 
  so if i go out to town and we all wear t shirts saying `` fashion police '' and ask people to dress badly , i should be kept from doing that by law and not just be a moron ? 
  so if i were to go around town and call people out on what they wear wearing a vest calling myself fashion police i am a criminal in your book and not just a moron ? 
  if you want to have a trial against someone you have to find a law to hold that trial for . 
  there is massive political pressure to have a trial so they look to get one . 
  the first attempt at getting this to trial failed by the way because the court rejected the case, 
  still this seems a lot like this is a trial because there was quite a lot of political pressure to try these people for something and '' violating laws against wearing uniforms with political messages . '', 
  might make some sense . 
  if you had a catholic priest in the mall asking to people to abstain from gambling and alcohol and rather considering going to church again , would we try that man ? 
  would we try him if he wore a shirt with jesus police ? 
  oh so the v4 did propose a sensible way . 
  i can see that concept working , but that seems to go directly against what their heads of states said, 
  then why do n't the v4 propose other sensible solutions on how to redo the dublin regulations ? 
  honestlyby this point i dont really care if it hurts the feelings of the v4 . 
  if they dont want to be part of the eu they are free to leave . 
  also the limits that austria imposed for number of refugees is significantly higher than what they would receiveunder a quota system . 
  if anything austria stands to benefit from enforcing a quota system, 
  there are more important issues than the uk and greece though . 
  waiting until summer to do this just seems foolish, 
   subject to any regulations applicable to aliens generally in the same circumstances leaves a lot of rooms what these regulations could be though , for example that you could introduce legislation assigning refugees a shelter , as is already happening within germany . 
  it basically means you 're in trouble . 
  like if you come home at 15 blackout drunk poland is open at home . 
  your parents gon na be angry at you, 
  at least in germany i know that the dublin rules are not enforced due to direct order from the ministry aswell as the supreme court deeming them unconstitutional . 
  the issue is more that we do n't want to enforce the rules . 
  i also still recall people calling germany cruel for rigorously sending people back to the balkans once the war was over . 
  absolutely . 
  note that i do not want to see people shot , but rather police officers detain them , if necessary using nonlethal weapons if there are violent riots ( which i doubt ) . 
  note that this is highly hypothetical and also that there wo n't be a critical situation if you do not let large crowds form . 
  you basically have to single people out . 
  why is poland so catholic ? 
  ( warum ist polen ... ) other suggestions : why is poland open ? 
  ( that 's a german saying ) why is poland not in the eu ? 
  why is poland poor ? 
  why is poland catholic ( again , but without so ), 
  you very clearly inform them of their options of either accepting where they will be sent or the possibility to leave . 
  if they still refuse you will have to resort to violence . 
  not going to be nice , but if that is the way it has to be then so be it . 
  apart from that i do not think that it is really possible to do this retroactively anyways, 
  the issue is with how the dublin system works and without redistribution there is just nothing pulling greece to actually want to be part of that because registering would just bind these people to greece, 
  yeah that was kind of the point of these hotspots to create areas where you can check where people are from . 
  also claiming you are from syria without speaking arabic is just stupid . 
  i could n't claim i was czech either ... 
  and risk being sent back when they get caught ? 
  sure these wil happen , but as long as you are tough and unrelenting on these people it should be possible to contain the issue . 
  there is only so much you can do as always to make people obey laws though . 
   the migrants will not be satisfied , they might in fact get frustrated , this will only antagonize the local population , because they will see the behaviour as ungratefulness or even contempt and the chances that the migrants will integrate will be very low well these are the issues any eu country has to work on . 
  also as always they are free to leave to wherever they came from . 
  give them a plane ticket and some spare cash if they want to . 
  yes , but you know now these are dirty arab muslims !, 
  then why are n't we seeing a huge influx of romanians trying to come to germany ? 
  they even have that way easier because they do n't have to go illegal , they can just move here and work if they have work, 
  reclaim eastern territories and anschluss austria ? 
  sometimes i also feel people think turkey is significantly poorer than it actually is . 
  i have not seen such huge objections when visa requirements were lifted for bosnia or serbia . 
  what is stopping people from romania or bulgaria from just coming and living and working here ? 
  they even have the right to do that and these countries are poorer than turkey is . 
  what incentives do these people have to come here and try to make it illegally ? 
  would n't it be a bigger risk to allow countries like serbia or bosnia visa free travel ? 
  after all these countries are signficantly poorer than turkey . 
  the article is literally linking to the video of her talking about it .
