  there is some extent to which not offending others makes sense in my oppinion . 
  we are somewhat based around that . 
  that said it seems like this is an issue people are going massively overboard on and get offended way too easily . 
  in comedy i think almost anything goes , but even then i think jokes that are purely there to spew hate and make people angry are not good . 
  comedians should make people laugh or think , but not be there to just get people riled up . 
  it also includes securing the outer borders , setting up reception centres in countries like greece and italy to make sure people are properly registered first . 
  it includes trying to strike a deal with turkey to reduce the flow and ultimately it includes ending the civil war in syria . 
  that at least is the solution the german government has been working on . 
  that is why our foreign minister was flying between iran and saudi-arabia for quite a while because you need those countries to solve the problem in syria . 
  that is why deportation agreements are heavily being pushed for , why the government is exerting pressure on northern african countries . 
  yes , but then at least there was the attempt to save it , to not let europe break down . 
  if a solution fails very soon we will have schengen fail, 
   the refugee crisis is not germany 's fault . 
  how atrociously bad it 's handled is though . 
  how can germany influence the policy of the other eu countries when these are apparently not interested in a solution that involves them partaking in the burden ? 
  are people really making a big fuss about # 50 million ? 
  that seems like a sum that easily gets spend somewhere anyways . 
  that is not even 1 promille of the uk budget, 
  what she did was relieving pressure of hungary when the situation there was short of collapsing . 
  before that germany was basically `` not our problem '' aswell . 
  what she consistently does is trying to find a european solution , trying to reach a consensus very similar to what your president said . 
  for ilves on that point i would ask you to read the speech again . 
  `` today massive migration in the form of flight from the horrific slaughter of civil war and the systematic brutality of daesh , mixed with economic migration from poverty and lack of economic opportunity , threatens europe like never before . 
  schengen is under threat . 
  some countries refuse to take refugees , others are overwhelmed by the numbers flooding into their countries . 
  solidarity is crumbling . 
  some refuse to help , others justly say that solidarity is a two-way street . 
  structural and cohesion funds are also expensive manifestations of solidarity . '', 
  or this one : `` so , ladies and gentlemen , let us now gather our wits and strengths , leave behind the indecision , finger-pointing and ducking of responsibility . 
  we will handle this migration crisis if we show the resolve of our forebears . 
  ( ... ) '' because this is exactly what the german government did for the most part : stopping the finger pointing , taking responsibility and being more or less decisive . 
  the problem is the whole of europe took this as an opening to point fingers at germany and duck from responsibility . 
   oh , and un used 50 billion back then ? 
  germany expects to pay that in two years alone . 
  inflation ? 
  we do n't have leaders that are that skilled at rhetorics . 
  the points he points out are mostly the positions of the german government tho . 
  yeah this is actually what merkel is doing . 
  you might not have noticed it but there are no hotspots running , there is no refugee distribution going on . 
  germany can not dictate other countries policies , in fact all they are trying to do is reaching consensus and reach a compromise within the eu, 
  you 'd need a bag for both . 
  that still would be 2000 500 $ notes, 
  then why do these positions get critizised so massively when they come from german politicians ? 
  why do we now applaud a man calling for a solution that divides the burden when this is so frowned upon here ? 
  the sentiment that external borders have to be secure if we do n't want to have internal borders is also shared by everyone, 
  and this is what merkel lacks . 
  she is not nearly that good of a speaker even if she says a lot of the same things, 
  1 million euro in 200 $ notes is still only 5.35 kg, 
  well there still will be cash even without 500 $ notes it increases the size of the stuff you have to carry around by around 2.5 . 
  also banning cash all together wo n't fly , not if germany has weight still, 
  yes but you can also use lower denominations for that . 
  if you wanted to seriously hit that you 'd probably have to abandon every denomination above 50 $, 
  but that is cummulative over an entire year, 
  in germany it is still quite common . 
  for example buying used cars is most always done in cash and this is where 500 $ notes are also really useful, 
  no actually the matters merkel speaks on and what she wants to achieve is actually very similar to this speech . 
  try listening to her speeches , listen to what merkel actually says and not what people write about her . 
   furthermore , as far as i know merkel has neither done nor talked of consolidating and closing the external borders she talks about that aswell , a lot actually . 
  well almost half of europe is russia ... ( ok closer to 40 % but still ), 
  so he is basically saying about the same as what merkel is saying ? 
  because i feel like a lot of people here are only reading what people write about merkel and not actually listening to what she is saying . 
  the marshall plan also had the uk and france as the primary beneficiaries . 
  well we have cem \u00d6zdemir in german as the president of the green party . 
  that guy has the local accent of the reutlingen area only tho . 
  that 's interesting i did n't know that . 
  in germany ministers are mps aswell . 
  an evil leftist in power ?!, 
  but indeed usually ethnicity is n't discussed in german police reports . 
  neither if they are german nor if they are foreign . 
  we need to invite austria for the power of mountains !, 
  i have seen them used to buy cars or furniture . 
  when you buy something for thousands of euros it is much easier to handle with 500 $ notes . 
  i have seen shops not accept 200 $ and 500 $ but lower denominations are always accepted and most of the big chains also accept the big notes, 
  werent varoufakis more extreme suggestions shut down by hos own government ? 
  wasnt it varoufakis that wanted to seize the national bank and have greece exit theeuro ? 
  that is a great speech !, 
  i know :d it honestly probably would not be a good idea for germany , but hey its mostly a joke anyways :d on the other hand i do n't see there being a lot of trouble with germany and austria uniting . 
  so this is a bit lower than the minimum amount you have to make for a blue card in germany ( $ 49.600 ) outside of high demand areas ( where the lower limit is $ 38.688 ), 
  germany is also subsidizing purchases from outside the eurozone for other countries . 
  if their currencies were weaker purchases in deutsche mark or us dollar would be more expensive, 
  it fits in prague ... 
  but this was the point . 
  to avoid a humanitarian crisis and buy time for a mutilateral solution . 
  the reason to accept people was to relieve hungary and greece and to avoid more trucks of dead people . 
  i would say that it was more the other way around that public o\u00fcpinion was shaped towards a policy . 
  blocked by the member states, 
   that the public broadcaster zdf 's reporting - what to report , how to report and what not to report - is set by government agenda . 
  he calls it scandalous , and that such pro-government journalism leads to people losing their trust in journalists . 
  what he said was the line of the news part coems from `` oben '' which in practice means that the edor in chief decides the line which does n't seem uncommon nor particularly newsworthy, 
  no merkel wants fewer refugees in europe aswell . 
  what merkel wants is to follow the geneva convention and the eu charta of human rights . 
  i really do n't know why these are not that valuable to the rest of the union . 
   so the law should be followed when it means to let them in , but when it says they need to be deported to the country of arrival it should be ignored because hurrdurr that 's evil . 
  the epitome of hipocrisy . 
  if you want blame the verfassungsgericht ruling the deportations illegal . 
  even aside from that i do n't want to force a collapse in greece . 
  i wish people would also understand that just burying your head in the sand and just screaming `` not our problem '' does n't solve anything either . 
   it might have already started with her speech about how the syrians are `` naturally supposed to go back home '' . 
  you know this is actually just the law , it is just something that was usually not said explicitly because it is already there , in the law . 
  yeah nobody would protest , at least nobody important .
