  i just feel really weirded out when you use a word like angst in english when you already have a word like fear which is literally the same word in english, 
  it just seems like a super weird merge of german and english, 
  what kind of abomnination of a word is angsty even ... 
  i use it to pay for stuff . 
  the stores have to accept them ( at least here in germany ) aart from that i am just bringing them to my bank and put them onto my account . 
  it 's 5 $ for half a litre here, 
  same in germany i would say , tho i do n't know about scandinavia , but especially amongst younger people atheism ( oh well maybe apart from christmas ) is very prevalent, 
  for western germany it was just extremely common for you to be baptised ( god that sounds weird in english ) when you were born . 
  also western germany isvery divided between catholicism and protestantism as the map shows nicely . 
  this still dates back to the reformation :d, 
  honestly i do n't like any of the things you listed , but i do n't live in the us i live in germany . 
  and i am pretty sure my country would have experienced a third war without the us . 
  i would certainly want to disagree that america is a shitty ally . 
  or well it definitely is a good protecting power . 
  but it wo n't be applied in the vast majority of cases ... 
  but french guyana is part of the eu ? 
  have you ever heard of that wall that parted germany into the western part and the communist part ? 
  kinda famous one . 
  is named after our capital berlin . 
  well china and sk are not really in the west . 
  also why kazakhstan ? 
  i mean that country was part of the soviet union until 1990, 
  honestly i think it would be kinda stupid and really foolish if there were no greek plans . 
  obviously they dont ' t want it to happen andhave to deny it , but there should be plans for sucha case simply becaues such a scenario is possible and it would bee way too impactful . 
  yes and newspapers will provide whats relevant to the readers . 
  like east asia is usually not covered a lot in western international news . 
  i also honestly ca n't take your comment that you want to hang gay people serious ... 
  i mean it is just those people that reduce it to a fight of islam versus western secularism/christianity , that makes it a problem to solve the base conflict . 
  also the tensions in the middle east are nothing you can solve in a day , a week or even a year . 
  they have their values as deeply ingrained as we have . 
  and as much as i may not agree with them , i am not the one to impose on anybody what they have to belief as long as they do n't harm anybody . 
  i can see that you might try to push a bit into a `` better '' direction , but ultimately it is more of an issue with middle eastern culture ( of which islam is a huge part of ) than the islam itself in my oppinion . 
  also still the vast majority of muslims are still peaceful people . 
  surely there are more violent extremists , but that is i think more attributed to the history of these regions the poverty in those regions and the lack of good education . 
  and really reinforcing prejudice and stereotypes will not help us solve these problems . 
  there is a big difference between arguing against that islam is inherently evil and loving islam . 
  i do not love islam , but i certainly do n't think it 's the root of all evil . 
  i have met muslims that were really nice people . 
  i am friends with muslims and they are normal people like you and me . 
  i just really do n't like it if you just classify one group of people as inherently evil because in essence that is oversimplified . 
  more like they come from ignorant people for the most part . 
  you probably do n't really hear about things related to buddhism for example because you live in canada and buddhism is not really a thing there . 
  and burning non-believers and gays alive is better ? 
  i mean christians really did do a ton of bad stuff in the name of the faith aswell, 
  pretty much the same in germany, 
  well they also simply are heard way louder because russia actually gas power contrary to nk . 
  well i kinda doubt they want to risk article 5 or at least i hope they dont because the consequences ... 
  i am pretty sure budgets would immediately skyrocket, 
  i dont think so they just have significantly more power, 
  god thank the soviet union, 
  germany has had nato weapons stationed for a fairly long time but never possesed own nukes, 
  k\u00f6nigsberg aka kaliningrad is also a nice example of that ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad ), 
  well there is a significant difference between having own nuclear weapons and `` only '' having shared ones . 
  quelle ? 
  the people that were responsible for it got their trial and the people living in that time are dead anyways . 
  it just is in really bad taste if greece owes money and only in that context is coming up with war reparations no matter if they are justified or not ( i am not a lawyer i do n't know ) . 
  also it is not like german people did not suffer a lot aswell ( especially in post war expulsion from now soviet ( and puppets ) territory ) and it 's not like people are crying about that either . 
  yeah of course not , but i just do n't want this discussion to be about demonizing depressive people but rather about one lunatic, 
  this was a reference to how loosely germany was united . 
  no it is not , but it also does not necessarily turns you into a lunatic . 
  you still have the option to take a step back and think about what you are about to do . 
  it does not make you brainless ... ( and yes i have gone through severe depression myself the past years ), 
  there is an area called europe today aswell . 
  the 19th century . 
  also it does not make sense to really speak of a germany before 1871 because there never was a state called germany before . 
  the german reich had 43 million people in 1871 . 
  france had around 40 million at that time ( i had hard time to find the statistics for france tho ), 
  i would rather say it took the unification of the german states . 
  suprisingly easy to get the gist aswell even without speaking dutch, 
  they qre at mcdonalds which is one of the biggest sybols of capitalism, 
  well a lot of `` german '' cities got purged after ww2 ... 
  well pomerania is in part german and in part polish today and yes the polish kingdoms probably conquered that part of pomerania first following it by wars between poles and pomeranians . 
  it was later on a part of the german order . 
  also to reference berlin it makes a vast difference if 95 % of the population identify as german and 6 % turkish people in berlin . 
  the city and the area was conquered numerous times . 
  also it is quite interesting how differing the german and the english wikipedia articles on the history of danzig are . 
  one difference that really jumped my eye was `` in june 1945 124,000 germans and 8,000 poles lived in the city , [ 67 ] from 1945-1950 most germans were expelled . '', 
  that this is the only notice on the expulsion on germans from danzig . 
  also before the expulsions post ww2 there was quite a german minority in poland and danzig is a city that had fairly strong ties to germany . 
  it was an important tradecity under the hanse for example . 
  saying the city is a polish city only is probably as wrong throughout history as saying it is a purely german city . 
  concerning today i guess we can agree that it is a purely polish city . 
  honestly it did not shift public oppinion . 
  it maybe strengthened it , but it definitely did not make a big difference . 
  voices against greece/saying greece wo n't honour the agreements were loud before aswell . 
  it is also just not really trustbuilding to pull stunts like bringing up ww2 ( of which a big part of german population is also just tired of getting blamed for so often considering that the people in that time are now dead or were young children at the time and are now super old ), 
  and you can make similar claims about danzig being a german city . 
  if you look at numbers from 1923 95 % said their native language was german for example . 
  danzig was part of germany when it was founded it was part of the german order, 
  i guess because the iron cross was a pretty common medal in nazi germany, 
  it definitely makes a difference if you explicitly say you were ready to use them if necessary instead of just implying you are ready to use them if necessary . 
  honestly thats only because how the video is made :p, 
  yes hitler reformed german economy , but 37-38 is only an episode before the actual war started . 
  the years of 31 and 32 were way more important to why hitler could rise to power . 
  this is the graph of unemployment from when hitler came to power and practically full employment in the beginning of the war : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wirtschaft_im_nationalsozialismus#mediaviewer/file:arbeitslosigkeit_im_reich.svg the start of the war was only the ultimate consequence of hitler rising to power . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wirtschaft_im_nationalsozialismus#mediaviewer/file:bspdrweltkrise.png that is the graph of change of gdp in germany . 
  in 1931 and 1932 it sank by 5 % and unemployment was fairly high . 
  you could argue that the economy in germany pre hitler was worse , but you can definitely draw analogies, 
  i am pretty sure there were hardliners in the 1988 ussr . 
  also if you want an example on the other side you could look at the rise of hitler .
