  with force if necessary . 
  rinse and repeat till they get the message . 
  and then the lybian coast guard turns them back . 
  you just propose we leave people in limbo in international waters ? 
  no but we need to find a compromise . 
  it would also not be impossible to forcibly deport people from greece or italy with european support . 
  it would just be illegal . 
  it is also not impoosible for russia to annex the entirety of ukraine . 
  you propose we change the universal declaration of human rights ? 
  just then do n't be suprised if we wo n't have someone as soft as merkel at some point in the future, 
  so a quota system like the one ee is trying to fight tooth and nail ? 
  who cares about pesky human rights anyways . 
  i bet you are applauding theresa mays effort, 
  how is the ideas of european registration centres with a distribution of those that are deemed highly likely to get asylum and immediate deportation of those that do n't while simultaneously trying to combat the sources for said refugee flows not at least more of a sound plan than what is comign from ee ? 
   well there 's no legal basis for you to force other countries take anyone actually . 
  not poland , not hungary , not estonia . 
  in europe there actually is under the dublin agreement . 
  not poland or estonia , but hungary . 
  anyways it is a lot easier to build legal procedure for this in europe than in north africa and the dublin rules have failed and we need a replacement ( can you at least agree that the dublin agreement failed ? ), 
   mmm , last i checked it falls under smuggling and you just telling me no does n't change the fact ? 
  can you explain to me how saving sailors in distress and taking them to the nearest possible port is smuggling ? 
   well even if we paid 100 % of their gdp , for most african countries it would still be less than what for example nordic countries are paying for the mena migrants atm . 
  and those countries wo n't be able to provide humane conditions for the people in these camps . 
  also again waht legal basis is there to deport people to a foreign country in the first place , that wo n't fail at the echr ? 
  so you say we should just ignore our very own echr ? 
  i can assure you a lot of germans will see that differently and this is ultimately what matters . 
  and what if that does n't work ? 
  what about genuine war refugees ? 
  just have these be stuck in greece ? 
  that will be struck down by the echr though . 
  europe ca n't deport to where basic human rights are not ensured . 
  we also would more likely get in a game of no-more-takey-if-you-no-gibs . 
  just look at how outraged people were at the deal with erdogan . 
  that ultimately ends up with just greece/italy with dealing with the `` unfortunate overflow '' of those we can not deport . 
  as for why it divides the union is it builds subgroups , it weakens cooperation . 
  it shows how much the eu states are unwilling to stand together . 
   so why not send to north africa instead then ? 
  what the fuck :d because there is no legal basis for that . 
   bringing them to europe falls under smuggling that is just objectively wrong . 
   if the money is good , then probably all . 
  also wrong unless we are talking about an obscene amount of moeny that nobody is wiling to pay, 
  then you 'd have to stop doing it again already ? 
  it is idiotic to discuss measures that are so obviously illegal though . 
  i am pretty cetain a large part of the people polled also do not really understand what such a travel ban means . 
  what african leader would do that ? 
  how do we ensure we do n't get another manus island ? 
  how do you even build the infrastructure to house hundreds of thousands of people ? 
  no i do n't want to gun them down . 
  as for your solution with islands : the locals shall just bear the consequences of that ? 
  also these islands are not that big or populated . 
  even on crete the largest island only 620k people live and the geography often does n't allow for easy living . 
  overall your solution is to just turn greece into a nation sized refugee camp ? 
  that coalition of willing nations will be small though and it is also a move to divide the union . 
  it is germany that has wished repeatedly that the ecb would take measures to get the euro to appreciate . 
  it is not the german state that wants these measure . 
  and by the way you also get all these rights in germany including moving here for higher wages, 
   well that 's not acceptable to you perhaps , regardless that 's what is going to happen even if you ship them all to estonia , or wherever you think you are going to ship them . 
  they just pack their stuff and come back to germany . 
  actually that 's exactly what 's happening right now . 
  and then you send them right back to estonia . 
  simple as that . 
  do that often enough and people will stop coming . 
   haha , so what happens in 50 years when all countries are where you are right now then , after spreading them all evenly . 
  if the syrian civil war is still going on in 50 years we will have a problem regardless . 
  same if we ca n't send people back to afghanistan in the enxt 50 years . 
   for smuggling obviously ? 
  the point is saving sailors in distress and taking them to the nearest port is not smuggling . 
   well you hand a lot of money to african leader for giving safe place for immigrants from mena region , and you send them there of course , silly . 
  so which stable african country wants to take part in this ? 
  and how do you plan to build proper infrastructure for hundreds of thousands or even millions of people ? 
  this is not a few thousand we are talking about . 
  that will be struck down at the echr, 
  then please show me this quote . 
  becvause i am damn sure it does n't exist, 
   yeah sure , lets fix inability to pay loans with more loans , that rest of eu is going to pay for . 
  fucking brilliant . 
  and just letting the country default and risk a cascade across europe is a better idea ? 
   just confiscate the ships , we 're not talking about rubber boats here , we 're talking about ships that not many can afford to have one way trip from north africa . 
  and fine & jail every sailor for smuggling according to heaviest offence and deport people to camp you 're giving monetary assistance in north africa they are not smuggling though . 
  they are rescuing sailors in distress . 
  you ca n't make that illegal . 
   well they are , you just want to make it hard as possible to get as many africans and arabs you can . 
  do n't worry i 'm sure germany will have lots in the future . 
  lots  that 's just horseshit . 
  if you just do n't look at the ramifications of your `` solutions '' then yes probably everything seems easy . 
  where ? 
  and then do what with them ? 
  just detain them indefinitely and pray that wo n't be struck down by the echr ? 
  from another reply of mine to the same question :  the good will to deal with ee preventing a necessary measure over and over , the goodwill to deal with the policies of the ecb , the endless crisis in greece , the demands for solidarity only when it suits some countries , but not being there when these countries are supposed to be solidaric, 
  and while we wait for that to happen we just say fuck you to greece ? 
  and if people start trying to leave greece by force we gun them down ? 
   well they 're practically in germany already , because that where they end up eventually you know ? 
  that is not acceptable and that is also not the truth . 
   not really , estonia will not have mena immigrant problem , nor will latvia . 
  because if you spread it out it is a lot less of a problem . 
   jail , fine , confiscate ships from people shipping africans here on what grounds ? 
   start sending people back how ? 
  to where ? 
  this is a lot easier said than done . 
   stop giving money or assistance so you get roaming criminals .
