  i agree with you here , but decisions and compromises have still be made in reality . 
  and if the decision is to phase out nuclear we can not at the same time cut back as drastically on fossil fuels as regrettable as that is . 
  i also agree that we should hve done more towards the migrant crisis , but still i think that 5 years ago that would have been very hard to communicate to the population . 
   we could 've acted differently on both ukraine and syria ( on the former we were too soft , on the latter we were too focused on maintaining rank and file with the us instead of letting assad get the situation under control , same as in libya , and now we have widespread chaos as a result ) . 
  i agree on that . 
  i do n't necessary think we were too focussed on removing assad in syria though . 
  i think the biggest problem in syria was that the west was simply not decisive enoguh . 
  we should have either gone to remove assad by military force or let the situation stabilize under assad , but instead we chose neither . 
  what i personally find very interesting that in general our positions seem very close yet we seem to be drawing very different conclusions . 
  and if gysi was die linke i would have a lot less of a problem with them . 
  then the differences would mostly be just political . 
  gysi definitely is a capable politician , even if i may disagree with his positions . 
  also i think governing according to realitiy is important . 
  it is reality that we live in afte all and not some ideological dream world . 
  i also do not disagree that there is anything in principle against left rationalism.i just do not believe that die linke subscribes to such an ideology or that a rrg coalition would . 
  i would certainly say that the cdu is in general significantly more rational than die linke or rather significantly more realit\u00e4tsbezogen ( not knowing a good english translation here , means acting in relation to reality ) . 
  i also disagree that the federal linke are nearly as sane as some of the states may be and even in some of these states there is an abysmal record on security and deportations for example . 
  the spd also last time ruled out a coalition with die linke beforehand and i do think the voters would have punished them quite a lot if they had broken wiht such a cardinal election promise . 
   change is needed because we need forward looking people , people with a vision for the future that goes beyond just trying to maintain and manage the status quo and barely staving off crises . 
  there is no politician that is providing such a clear alternative though and a lot of parties from the left and greens in particular that are calling for naive approaches that simply ca n't work in practice , but are nice to call for in opposition ( thinking of social policy , enviromental in particular here ) . 
   we also need substantial investment in infrastructure , both in germany as well as in the eu we are seeing massive investment in infrastructure . 
  there is more often a problem of simply not having the capacity to actually utilize all the available money . 
   many institutions , services or policies are n't serving the people as well as they arguably could or should ( again both domestically and eu wide ) , and the eu as a political and economic entity is n't where it should be either . 
  the instituions and serveices can never serve the people as good as is possible . 
  i am not quite sure what you are going at here . 
  there is also the big problem that different groups have contradicting interests . 
   ` measured ' government is what has allowed the current chaos to take hold though this is something i disagree on . 
  measured government is what is keeping these crisis at bay . 
  measured government is what prevented the greek crisis from spiraling into a grexit or even a dissolution of the ez . 
  measured government is what prevented a humanitarian crisis in ee . 
   there are many questionable aspects of both the green as well as the left party . 
  but there are questionable aspects of any party , including cdu with all its corruption and spd with its incompetence . 
  there is a difference with the level of questionable aspects here though that is very signifciant . 
  you are absolutely correct that every party has questionable aspects though . 
   forward looking idealism is badly needed even if it runs a bit `` too free '' ( looking at the left on foreign policy and the greens on technology and science here ) with some people on some issues . 
  why ? 
  `` forward looking idealism '' leads to decision based more on ideology than on rational thought , at least in my oppinion . 
  it also tends to focus on areas that are not as relevant . 
  think of gendering for example, 
  it is going to be tighter than last eletion of course . 
  last election was a blowout victory for cdu/csu though . 
  it might not be 16 points difference again , but as of right now almost every pool is pointing at a cdu victory . 
  i still do not see a way for the spd to go into the election without clearly answering waht they would do if rrg were a possibility . 
  and if they do n't clearly answer that you have to assume that they will go with rrg if possible, 
  that would require another somewhat large spike in popularity though . 
  and also would such a result not imply a mandate for a rrg coalition most likely anyways ? 
  the only scenario i could imagine that happeneing were if the spd ruled out a coalition with die linke , but i think that is unlikely and it is also unlikely that the spd will outperform the cdu/csu, 
  i think that would be great and probably was one of the most likely scenarios if mekrel had stpped down . 
  the thing is though that sch\u00e4uble is simply getting too old . 
  i hope we will have him as minister for 4 more years , but by 2021 he would be 79 . 
  that was two decades ago , two decades in which sch\u00e4uble did excellent work . 
  and it did cost him a lot . 
  chances are good that if not for that scandal we would have had sch\u00e4uble be elected chancellor in 2002 or 2005, 
  switzerland , austria , italy , liechtenstein are not western europe ? 
  they ca n't keep quite on this though because it is pretty much the crux of their campaign . 
  if they are not willing to ggovern if they have a majority where is the alternative ? 
  if you want continuity you should vote cdu anyways, 
  i am seeing why change is warranted when the country is being run quite well . 
  a rrg coalitoin would just create uncertainty in a time where stability is of utmost importance . 
  it would also lead to radicals in government in a time where measured responses are needed . 
  what exactly do you think needs to be changed ? 
  no , it is not somethign that is brought up . 
  the thing to attack him that is brought up the most in my impression is that he has no actual political stances , but is campaigning on empty talk . 
  and actually governing is all about compromise and not principle and i do doubt that die linke would properly compromise . 
  also changing policy with circumstances changing is way better than stubbornly insisting on ideology . 
  of course that is a point against the mt oo and they elgally are the successor party of the sed , but their politics are also simply outlandish . 
  especially their stances on foreign politics and fiscal politics better stay far far away of the government . 
  their social policies are at best financially disastrous , their economic policy is terrible . 
  there is more than enough vulnerability on actual political matters for die linke . 
  so they are only bad and no longer catastrapohic ? 
  civil unions are not far from marriage though . 
  germany also has civil unions . 
  well germany is not discriminating against homosexuals , there is no persecution of homoesexuals . 
  175 stgb was repealed . 
  the differences right now are a minor issue , there is no widespread discrimination, 
  what is progressive even supposed to mean ? 
  since 1982 germany has been under a conservative led government for 28 out of 35 years . 
  also a lot of europe does not recognize same sex marriage , but only some form of civil unions . 
  switzerland , austria , italy , greece or czechia . 
  in fact no german speaking country recognizes same sex marriage, 
  right and i know these polls . 
  the thing is the people that are against it and are possible cdu voters care a lot more than the people that are for it and are possible cdu voters . 
  some of the people most fiercely for gay marriage wo n't ever vote cdu ever anyways so no reason to worry about these . 
  the cdu has struggled to maintain a proper conservative image in recent times and being against gay marriage is one of the the traditional conservative policy . 
  this really is more about being conservative than the issue in particular . 
  as an issue gay marriage just does n't matter for the vast majority of germans . 
  other topics that are similarly important to people usually just do n't get polled . 
  why ? 
  also merkel only is the third longest serving chancellor in post ww2 history and only the 8th overall since 1949, 
  this is about party politics and party identity . 
  nothing more . 
  people just do n't are that much about gay marraige as a site like reddit leads you to believe . 
  and where is the large natural ressources of greece you could build a recovery on ? 
  greece is not a petro state . 
  i also highly doubt that it is worse than a default . 
  a default would have seen severely worse consequences . 
  in germany humanitarian aid was prepared for that scenario at the height of the crisis in 2015 . 
  we were prepared to send the fucking red cross to a european country to provide humanitarian aid . 
  do you really believe such a scenario would have been better ? 
  this would also have meant that pensions for example could not be paid at all and what do you think what were to happen if masses of pensioners suddenly are without money ?
