  if for example an america under trujmp would decide they think of nato as obsolete all hell could break lose in europe, 
  america certainly was also occupying germany , but well that ended in 1991 when the independence of germany was fully restored, 
  to a part yes these were protection forces , but you should not forget that these were also the troops the us used to occupy germany until 1991 ( when the 2 +4 treaty was ratfied ), 
   but come one , if you do n't want to take lead , then at least do n't make stupid comments like this is it stupid not to want to engage in sabre rattling and exchanging threats ? 
  is diplomacy not vastly preferrable ? 
  keep in mind that the bbc twisted steinmeiers words . 
   would it hurt steinmeier if he could just shut up and not criticize the only organization than provides security for eastern europe ? 
  he is the german foreign minister he has to respect the view point of the german people to some extent and also for what he personally stands for ( at least to me ) and that is dipomacy and not a politics of war and sabre rattling . 
  then tell me what does my government have to gain from providing weapons to ukraine ? 
  if there is no talking to russia that basically means war and we definitely do not want to be engaged in a war with russia . 
   let 's face it , not one conflict side is going to go nuclear over small baltics and as economic situation continues to go to shit and putin 's gang start feeling physical danger from their own people they are more than likely to stage a non-nuclear provocation against nato . 
  lets hope that even in case of a russian attack the war could be contained . 
  there is no point in wanting absolute victory, 
  you 'd need somewhere around 150 million people to have ashare comparable to lebanon in the eu, 
  and who is saying europe should take in 150 million people ( which would undeniably change the countries massively ) ? 
  why is it a good idea though to put so many people in so few countires ? 
   but here they form them and most live on welfare for tens and tens of years this is based on what ? 
  which people that came here to asylum lived on welfare fore tens and tens of years ? 
  the entire point of asylum is that it is temporary and that you have to go back when the threat is over ( which may well be ten or more years ) , unless you get naturalized , for which you have to prove that you can provide for yourself . 
   i would be fine with taking them here if we did n't have this welfare system , but then they would n't come because there would be no free money on offer and how do you think people survive without any money ? 
  do you want them to become criminals ? 
   no one would want to come here without welfare , not many want to go to spain or portugal either even though those countries have much more favorable climate etc , but no welfare comparable to ours . 
  so it boils down to : `` i do n't want these people here '' ? 
  can you tell me why you are so against helping people that flee from war and persecution ? 
  i hope they have worked out more than one possible plan ... 
  the sanctions are not tied to crimea , they are tied to the minsk accords . 
  right , but i am fairly certain ukraine is launching attacks aswell . 
  this articles reads like this was n't the actual law already ... 
  they do n't have to form enclaves in lebannon . 
  they are more than a quarter of the population ... 
   europe ca n't take more immigrants without seriously affecting our societies no that is just not true . 
  we have maybe 2 million here in a population of 500 million people that is hardly seriously affecting our societies . 
  and here in germany we already have by far the biggest part while so many other states do next to nothing . 
  crimea will reamain russia . 
  russia has just made that a reality and nobody is willing to change that reality . 
  also do we think that ukraine will treat the people that are seen as traitors well ? 
  the ceasefire that gets broken by both parties repeatedly . 
  china could play that role aswell and china becoming an even bigger threat seems like the only scenario in which russia joining nato seems realistic . 
  i am not saying they should in any . 
  just that they probably could if they wanted to for some reason ... 
  i do n't think so either , but i do n't get the feeling that ukraine tries really hard to implement the minsk agreement . 
  how long do you think it would take russia to take ukraine if they were to fight an open war ? 
  3 weeks ? 
  4 weeks ? 
   perhaps i 'm being stupid but i 'm not sure what you mean by this sentence , can you rephrase it or provide context ? 
  at least i am getting the impression that especially from the v4 you get a lot of anti german rhetorics, 
  right , but an attack on western europe still eems quite outlandish . 
   think the v4 are a little less sanguine than we are . 
  yes , but still i do n't think it is particularly conducive to the alliance to constantly push your rhetorics against your allies . 
  people are nowehere near as scared of russia now as they were of the warsaw pact . 
  pretty sure he said at least and not about . 
  man we could enlarge the area of the eu by 50 % by adding greenland . 
  we 'd also get an increased population of 1 \u2030, 
  i would guess they asked people if they identify as rather left moderate or right . 
  france, 
  do people at normal work really do speak english to a decent enough level ? 
  this does n't have anything to do with that . 
  just look at the statistics and it just shows that the perpetrators are from eastern europe . 
   i think the end of the cold war changed pretty much everything and the eu is a remnant of that , it should have seen massive ( much more massive than it did anyway . . ) reform to include the eastern european countries and so on , it should also probably have played a bigger role in the aftermath of the collapse of the ussr , but then there were other pressures ( especially for germany . . ) and we ca n't turn back the clock . 
  i am not sure this would have been the correct direction , but rather should have gone towards a closer union at its core and not allowed new members to ascend so quickly . 
  i personally at least find the cohesion within western europe a lot bigger than between eastern and western europe, 
   and most of them end up being imperfect because of their scale and ambition note that there are also examples of this working very well , see for example in the us or germany and as far as i can tell china . 
   no , it is something born out if wwii that is no longer quite fit for purpose and so is straining under the weight of both needing reform and needing to keep its members on board . 
  the eu is n't a blueprint for the future , it is a cobbled together , almost capable project that does n't have public support , never mind public adoration . 
  in my oppinion destroying what was left of cohesion in the aftermath of the cold war hurt the eu pretty badly . 
   that is still low compared to usa ) to serve as that adjustment mechanism . 
  well there is this issue that people speak different languages everywhere . 
  so what other electoral system would you propose ? 
  or should we just abandon democracy ? 
  no not really because one of these things is happening right now and the other is 75/100 years ago, 
  yep the eastern expansion of the eu certainly was not good for germany in that regard . 
  the point is that they only got eu citizenships when their respective eastern european countries got admitted to the eu . 
  eurobonds that would be issued by whom ? 
  also you basically suggest that the ecb should just finance government deficit spending by the printing press ? 
  why the heck should the ecb be allowed to directly bankroll individual countries ? 
   but yeah , it would help massively if they would up the scale . 
  i 've already noticed a lot more consumer credit available in the last year or so . 
  getting people spending again rather than saving for the rainy day when this is the rainy day is needed . 
  can you explain to me how a massive cashdrop would increase consumer confidence ? 
  note that the problem here is people from eastern europe ... 
   again there is no banning . 
  you simply do not finance it . 
  it 's not that hard to understand . 
  that depends what you consider financing . 
   if the state finances religious activities , then there is no separation between religion and state . 
  i think that 's logical ... is n't it ? 
   it would be if seperation of church and state was a simple true or false matter , but in fact it is a scale . 
   most people do it because animals are sentient beings and they do not wish to obtain nurishment by killing another sentient being . 
  that is n't logical though because if you look at how humans are built ( think our teeth for example ) we are designed to eat flesh aswell ... 
  i also do not know why you seem to abhore religion that much . 
  i am personally not a religious man , but why does it bother me if other people are ? 
   do i have to declare my religion or non religion to the state ? 
  yes ? 
  then it 's not a secular state . 
  that is an extremely narrow definition of secularism and i do not agree that any state that does not take secularism to its extreme is not secular . 
   the state not funding religion programs does not mean the state impedes on freedom of religion . 
  it simply means that the state is secular and does not intervene in any religion . 
  does not support any religion . 
  does not give 1 euro cent to any religion based activity . 
  the state banning prayer directly impedes on that though in my oppinion .
