  and germany is n't . 
  there are significant downsides to germany from the euro , from the low interest rates fueling housing prices to the ow exchange rate making imports more expensive and pushing trade out of balance . 
  only marginally though . 
  the bundesrat has a lot less power than the bundestag in practice . 
  i could see major political issues , but aside from that i do n't see an issue why this should n't work . 
  i could also see joint dutch-german bonds working, 
  you you believe that for example the government of berlin should be able to prohibit the federal german government on for example enacting cuts for asylum welfare on its own ? 
  because it would amount to germany having joined liability for the debts of other ez countries , countries that have shown to be fiscally iressponsible . 
  it would also mean that the german state would have to spend more on interest payments as these would inevitably go up and you 'd have to finance that . 
  it would also just be transfer payments away from germany without any political power . 
  the whole `` taxation without representation '' issue, 
  well there were plans for a dutch german currency union in 2015 . 
  these countries probably would be able to create a much more coherent currency union . 
  the big isue is that geramny would be so much bigger than the rest, 
  i find it still quite funny that this font is commonly associated with the nazis , when it was the nazis that abolished it, 
  there is no such thing in the german bundestag . 
  there is in the bundesrat , the german upper chamber , but not in the bundestag, 
  how can it be easily avoided ? 
  if there was such an easy solution i am sure it would have been implemented already . 
  democracy is about being ruled by the people not the individual states . 
  germany does n't do it for example . 
  and the whole notion that one vote carries more weight than another is quite ridiculous to me and fundamentally undemocratic . 
  quite possibly . 
  then again there were already plans to create a dutch german currency union should the euro collapse, 
  would kurz have a realistic shot at becoming chancellor were he to run ? 
  in general ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i think a good chunk of people would maybe favour a smaller eurozone then . 
  one where the imbalances are not as large where there would n't be such massive transfer payments . 
  i do n't think you 'd get a huge backing for the eu if that was part of the conditions . 
  just think about how ee reacted when they were told they 'd have to take even miniscule amounts of refugees, 
  which is about as unpalatable as a grexit overall and definitely even moreso than that in germany . 
  germans do n't just want to be paying for se, 
  it 's kinda tough to argue against it because fundamentally i agree with you here . 
  i think the point of this is primarily to send a signal to ankara that we do not condone such a referendum and to look tough on ankara to the electorate . 
  i do n't think we 'd have this discussion if we were not in an election year, 
  well but this is the point it goes against german constitution or at least that is the argument . 
  also there is a difference between democracy in your country and democracy of a foreign country . 
  the german government is not barring anyone from voting . 
  they just bar them from voting in germany . 
  i do n't think mr. varoufakis is a good source on this matter . 
  also of course the troika knew that this solution was shortsighted but there was no viable long term alternative . 
  i also do n't think it is too late for greece to leave the ez . 
  i do n't see a good way out differently . 
  what is being done is just kicking the can down the road at the disadvantage of the greek populus . 
  these are done because we have an eletion year and schulz brought it up . 
  simple as that . 
  i also see why she has to do this even if i do n't necessarily agree with that position ( i am not decdided on this ), 
  if germany forbids it and turkey moves to just hold the referendum anyways then there is huge political fallout anyways . 
  and yes germany could prevent access to embassies and consulates . 
  you could also argue that the current solution is quite short sighted . 
  it just postpones the problem , it does n't solve it . 
  maybe an orderly grexit with ensuing debt cuts and aid would have worked a lot better towards a soluttion . 
  it would have also been more honest to admit that we will never see a large chunk of the money lent to greece ever again . 
  why ? 
  his position during the greek crisi for example were quite popular in germany . 
  a lot of people still think germany was too soft on greece or rather that we should not pour more money down a bottomles hole, 
  because the greek state maneuvered itself into a position where it had no money to pay for these if they were higher, 
  any attempt at a federal parliament would have to weigh every vote equally . 
  not something this powerful . 
  and that weighing is fundamentally unfair . 
  how is it fair that say an irish vote has 2.5 times the weight of my vote ? 
  well if he continues on rhetoric like this it will be what loses him the election . 
  you ca n't campaign on just having germans pay in germany . 
  how were other countries coerced into joining the euro ? 
  for germany it was a condition to french consent to reunification . 
  there was no choice . 
  sch\u00e4uble is the most popular politician in germany ( or one of the most popular politicians of germany depending how you look at it ) generally hovering at around 65-70 % approval . 
   i mean sch\u00e4uble also agreed to give money to greece , only at astronomical rates and with the condition that the greek fuck over their pensions and stuff . 
  source ? 
  because that claim is bullshit . 
  the interest rates for greece were far far below what greece could ever have hoped to get, 
  the parliament also is weighted . 
  it does not count every vote the same , similarly to the electoral college in the us . 
  the european parliament also does not have real power . 
   france ended up winning that argument . 
  however , the victory was a pyrrhic one , with the currency union ending up suiting germany but not france . 
  reunification was quite a powerful bargaining chip . 
  france does n't have that chip anymore . 
  germany was basically forced to consent to the euro or france would not have consented to reunification . 
  if you ask in an american school if people know who george washington was do you think they would know ? 
  die linke and afd . 
  sorry if that was not clear . 
  what ended up happening in 2005 was that cdu+fdp held 46 % of seats , spd+g reens held 45 % of seats and pds ( what is today 's linke ) held 9 % . 
  everyone had ruled out a coaltion with die linke though . 
  that made a grand coalition the only viable scenario . 
  similar thing happened in 2013 , where cdu is holding 49.2 % of seats , spd and greens are holding 40.5 % of seats and die linke holds the rest . 
  again everyone ruled out working with die linke . 
  now the big issue here was that fdp and afd both barely missed the 5 % mark which made it so ~ 15 % of votes are not represented in current parliament . 
  the thing that changes for 2017 is that a coalition with die linke is no longer being ruled out . 
  what you still get is a picture where an alliance of spd-greens-linke still does not hold a majority of seats in parliament , but neither does cdu-fdp and the afd does n't want to work with anybody , which again gets you nowhere, 
  they still are strongly preferring a cdu coalition . 
  similarly to how the greens do not rule out working with the cdu but a large portion of the greens would prefer working with the spd, 
  fdp and cdu would immediately form a coalition if they got the necessary majority . 
  the fringes on the left and right make such coalitions impossible though and are what led to the last two grand coalitions . 
   what if sdp rules out another grand coalition and somehow manages to strike an agreement with the others ? 
  then they will be punished by the voters becaue that would indicate a hard swing left . 
  cdu and spd are not that far from each other . 
  it would also probably force spd into the opposition , there are simply no stable mmajorities thanks to the fringes on the left and right . 
  you can look at the polls yourselves : http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/index.htm afd wo n't form a coalition with anyone .
