  but isnt that what happened ? 
  crimea proclaimed independence anf then put a motion in place to join russia ? 
  what ? 
  how do you even get to that conclusion ? 
  there is also a direct land connection to the netherlands . 
  and you know what is funny : the shortest route from syria to morroco by car from syria to morroco goes through europe ... 
  the point is that predictions that far in the future are mostly guessing because so many variables can change in that time . 
  you do know that morroco is significantly farther from syria than the netherlands ? 
  then why is it greece 's or hungary 's decision to allow people to go to germany and have their system in such bad shape that the bgh forbids dublin deportations ? 
  projecting as far as 2080 is quite pointless and guessing at best . 
  so much can change in that time . 
  for comparison . 
  german population in 1910 was about as large as the uk population today . 
  at least in germany i would say this is because a lot of criminals come from romania . 
  so we let them protest and do it anyways ? 
  https://www.destatis.de/de/zahlenfakten/gesellschaftstaat/bevoelkerung/migrationintegration/glossar/migrationshintergrund.html this is the definition used in the official statistics i referenced, 
  with 1 million ? 
  no or at least not without larger problems . 
  with a smaller number very much though, 
  assuming you speak german this would be one article on the matter : http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/der-grosse-check-in-allen-bundeslaendern-focus-online-deckt-auf-welches-bundesland-wie-viele-ausreisepflichtige-tatsaechlich-abschiebt_id_5645412.html the issue with these statistics is that for the most part we do n't have the full data for 2016 , but this is already a trend . 
  for comparison every fifth person in germany has foreign roots . 
  the people saying you should take in absolutely no refugees are still a small minority . 
  people generally agree that you should help those fleeing from war . 
  it just ca n't be all germany doing it . 
  getting people actually deported is largely a matter of how much we put behind it . 
  you can already see that within germany where some states like bavaria deprot significantly more declined people back than say berlin . 
  you certainly have to make a concentrated effort but i think that is very much doable if you create proper agreements with these countries . 
  as for people slipping in : you have to reduce that to a minimum . 
  you could for example send people to these hotspots first when they get picked up somewhere . 
  you will not achieve 100 % secure borders , but i think you can prevent most of it , but i think to even start that process it is critical to have a common european ssylum system first . 
  i would not say it is an irrelevant position on budget . 
  it is very much a managable position though and not putting a big financial strain on the federal government, 
  commercial airlines i think . 
  ca n't really send them by train/bus to syria . 
  but honestly i do n't think the issue is to physically get people back to syria once the war is over . 
  i mean it is not like this is the first time germany would be doing this, 
   as from the article , migrants should simply have their applications rejected . 
  and that is what happening . 
  the issue is that that takes quite a long time due to bureocracy . 
  i do n't see a way to provide a solution in southern europe without redistributing new arrivals though , while maintaining common human decency as you put it . 
  oh absolutely . 
  how about we establish a series of checkpoints all across the european outer border where we establish who is entering and only send those with high chance of approval on to the member states while sending those that do n't have that back swiftly ? 
  like refugee hotspots ? 
  and that would tell you that youth unemployment is by far the lowest of any country in europe in germany . 
  munich somehow got moved north west while i did n't look !, 
  that is not really seen as acceptable at all these days in germany . 
  even the hardcore nationalists generally are not openly for that, 
  do you really think that it was better to have the german population expulsed from the territories and their possesions stripped wihout compensation ? 
  how much ethnic german population was lost is at least questionable . 
  one thing though : the german census of 1939 shows only 3 million people less than today . 
  now that includes sudetenland ( where you can argue how much of that population was ethnic german at the time ) and austria ( which definitely was ethnically german ), 
  you know at least your people were not forced to leave their homeland . 
  german unemployment is very low ( around 5 % in west germany and 8 % in east germany according to official german statistics and lower the way eurostat measures unemployment ) . 
  in the south ( bw , bayern ) there is pretty much full employment . 
  depending on who you ask what full employment even the overall unemployment may qualify as full employment . 
  in general employment has taken off since 2005 with only a small dip during the 2008 crisis, 
  seems like i actually missread the table i looked at it . 
  you only directly lose your license for going 41 over outside of towns borders and 31 over within . 
  you also get points in flensburg and when you accumulate too many you lose your license . 
  i actually do n't know exactly how it works . 
  for not getting fines it might also just be that you never got checked or that you were within tolerance ( 10 % is usually subtracted , so 33 in a 30 zone is still fine ) . 
  there also just are n't a lot of checks for speed depending where you are . 
  on bavarian motorways for example there are quite rarely actual controls ( and also a lot of stretches where there is no limit anyways ), 
  31 too fast would lose you the license for a month here . 
  2 km/h too fast is a 10 $ fine here . 
  dutch fines are crazy . 
  so there should be no reason for a general speed limit !, 
  damn . 
  in germany the general rule is that if you go less than 20 over the speed limit you get off with just a small infe ( like 20 $ -35 $ ) . 
  buddy of mine was caught 29 over the limit and had to pay 100 $ . 
   it 's invested into some safe funds until you retire , which then governments distributes it back to you with interest that is just plain wrong for germany . 
  and even under that projection france would have a significantly lower gdp than germany . 
  extrapolating data like this to such a far a in the future also leaves room for a lot of variance . 
  so what makes that not solid growth then ? 
  it leads to very low unemployment . 
  it is also quite mood to talk about what could and would be if there were `` normal '' birthrates ( i assume you mean replacement level with this ) because that is not the reality we live in . 
  germany has been on growth of around 1.5 % in 2014 and 2015 which is not big , but it is not terrible either considering we have had basically no inflation . 
   germany 's not in economically solid times . 
  germany 's economy will be surpassed if nothing is done by uk and france will reduce the difference between the two . 
  based on what ? 
  what makes you believe that ? 
  especially considering that it is not like france has better economic growth than germany at all and that there is also a lot more unemployment in france ? 
  we are closing in on full employment in germany with growth going solid , though not great . 
  it certainly is not not the greatest time but also certainly not bad times, 
  so you propose a solution that essentially makes every greeks savings worthless that would likely lead to a period of heavy inflation ? 
  where the job market would collapse even further ? 
  you 'd maybe get growth eventually but not before losing another massive chunk of the economy . 
  greece is also running a signficant trade deficit and some goods you have to import, 
  relaunch which machine ? 
  and also there is no reason to massively ramp up public spending in economically solid times and additional revenue is of course spent . 
  we have not even reached pre 2008 levels of debt again not even speaking of the maastricht criteria . 
  we are seeing measures that are actively going against a balanced external trade most importantly the low euro . 
  i simply do not see how the german trade surplus is supposed to go down without that changing . 
   even if you export it outside of eu you make other eu countries that want to export anything outside of eu less competitive . 
  if other countries are less competitive than germany that is not exactly germany 's fault ... also most countries do n't run a balanced trade long term . 
  take the us , take russia , take france , take south korea . 
  but then your point is kinda moot too . 
  see germany running massive surpluses to other eu/ez countries would and has been a big issue . 
  that has been adressed though . 
  right now germanys trade within the eu/ez is roughly balanced .
