  well the acquiaition of a lot of eastern germany by poland is accepted and the claim to those territories in 45 really only was we are atronger and we can take that, 
  well the acquiaition of a lot of eastern germany by poland is accepted and the claim to those territories in 45 really only was we are atronger and we can take that, 
  well the acquiaition of a lot of eastern germany by poland is accepted and the claim to those territories in 45 really only was we are atronger and we can take that, 
  no they surely are not the same for example now we dont have everybody looking away . 
  still we just have to accept that crimea mow belngs to russia , we just need to make the best of it, 
   then why are you trying to compare the 2 ? 
  to show what happens when stronger states take territory from weaker states and create facts that people are unwilling to challenge ? 
  also there are more differences for example that crimea already has a russian majority while the territory annexed by poland had a german majority by quite a margin ...  only by treaty and you can sure as bet ukraine wo n't be doing that anytime soon . 
  it does n't matter though . 
  nobody will challenge it . 
  who is willing and has the power to force russia to give up on crimea ? 
  what do we have to gain from that ? 
  well yeah we tried to build up a solution with hotspots to properly register and decide there and then redistribute people across europe ... 
  apparently people still think this is a terrible idea . 
  i know that germany has no claim to these territories anymore . 
  the annexations were accepted in the treaty of warsaw in 1970 . 
  finally it was officially recognized as the border according to international law in the 2 +4 treaty of 1990 . 
   the only way that example would be equal is if no ukrainians lived there so if russia takes care of these people it 's fine ? 
  if they all deport them to the donbass for example . 
  if you retain this state for long enough ukraine will eventually give up these claims as germany did . 
  so the solution to relish the ukranian claim to crimea would be for russia to simply deport all of the ukrainian population ? 
  the territory is already inhabitated by a russian majority, 
  i mean turkey probably is one of the more critical nato members ... 
  i mean that is pretty much expected by most i would guess ... 
  and eastern europe will blame germany for the ensuing crisis , when they were the ones blocking a solution to prevent that . 
  yes and by now the `` solution '' will probably just be to pool everyone in greece . 
  i sincerely hope the balkans and eastern europeans will be in the first line for providing humanitarian aid . 
  i personally expect merkel to turn more as she has already been doing . 
  maybe she will step down and sch\u00e4uble will step in but outside of sch\u00e4uble there really is no other suitable candidate . 
  you know that this basically just solidifies the current government ? 
  honestly the only way i could see a more conservative government would be if fdp and cdu/csu would form a government . 
  basically have women be in the kitchen and raise children at home . 
  also against in general nontraditional families . 
  basically they want family to be seen like it was 60-70 years ago . 
  that will probably happen at the same time poland gives back silesia and pomerania ... 
  why is it called teutonic order in english anyways when in german it is called deutscher orden ( german order ), 
  yes that happens if you expulse the people that used to live there and then resettle people there ... 
  well the euro is pretty weak currently and we have n't seen inflation rise, 
  and these countries are also among the most opposed to ceding power to brussels as would be necessary to create the union, 
  and there already are tons of workers coming to germany . 
  harvest is usually done almost exclusively be eastern european workers here in germany . 
  this is not true for germany, 
  wow that seems pretty shitty . 
  my health insurance here in germany covers psychologists and psychological treatment . 
  yes that 's how it is done here . 
  the downside is that you have to do your degree in german at least for the bachelors . 
  well western poland used to be very much protestant at least ... 
  western pommerania certainly used to be protestant as was what now is now the lubusz voivodeship . 
  beer europe seriously is too small . 
  the notion that a good chunk of germany should be vodka europe seems just weird . 
  also not calling russia old europe, 
  so like the soviet union ? 
  well i can still vividly recall the pictures from keleti, 
   once greece has an unsustainable number of migrants , the other eu countries will `` temporarily '' offer relief by channeling the migrants to their territory . 
  then they 'll say `` no more '' until the next impossible situation . 
  so like germany did last september with hungary ? 
  and still the old enmity was buried with trade relations and statesmen trying to reshape the relation instead of holding onto it . 
  hungary literally bussed people to the hungarian-austrian border, 
  2011 if i recall that correctly, 
  in general by eastern europeaners, 
  i am not . 
  i wanted to say that in worse times there were no issues so why should there be now ? 
  which eu law did germany break ? 
  the dublin regulations were broken by hungary and greece first , before germany allowed people to travel on into sweden, 
  what comments ? 
  the thing is if the su even at the height of the cold war kept gas deliveries coming why should russia stop now ? 
  russia needs the money , germany needs the gas, 
  but that is n't really a topic anymore either, 
  whats so special about rheinmetall ? 
  because we are part of the same country ? 
  because hessen and niedersachsen vote towards the same central government that does the important decisions unlike germany and greece . 
  i have no power to vote for who is in power in greece . 
  the last admissions to the eu were just carried out too quickly, 
  well for example russia has n't marched on kiew . 
  we do n't know how far russia would have gone without that leverage , but in a military conflict russia could probably conquer ukraine in a matter of weeks if that was their goal, 
  you may not believe it but nord stream really is not a topic in german politics these days . 
  i have no reason to believe that putin would cut off germany of gas . 
  getting that indendependence of transit countries seems like a good argument to have these pipelines . 
  i personally also really do n't consider it more likely that poland cuts germany of gas than russia cuttin germany off , but i see it more likely that ukraine would meddle with gas than russia or poland, 
  no , but the german supreme court ruled that the dublin deportations to greece were illegal so we ca n't perform them . 
  it is quite ridiculous for germany to blame austria as one of the countries that is holding a similar position in the refugee crisis as ours . 
  all these points adressed by the austrian minister also apply to germany . 
  the dublin agreement just has faileda nd we need a new solution and that solution ca n't be to send everyone to austria , germany or sweden , but also not to just say that we do n't take in any refugees . 
  yes i can somewhat imagine that . 
  the trade balance between germany and the rest of the eu is also roughly balanced , most of the trade surplus is coming from non eu states . 
  also i see it more that german bonds are and were seen as a safe haven during the crisis of the other european states . 
  one thing i also do n't get is what would be the benefit of handing even more money towards eastern europe rather than spendign the money in germany or spending it to recduce debt ? 
  refugees are n't the same as economic migrants and most people coming from former yugoslavia or warsaw pact states are exactly those econmic migrants . 
  well non eu members are excluded . 
  in the same vein you wo n't find switzerland, 
  or the `` we must follow international law and avoid a humanitarian crisis as best as possible '' line of thinking . 
  nobody has the power to lead in this crisis . 
  we did n't really get ourselves into it . 
  we started it . 
  i do n't think we should expand the eu anytime soon . 
  if anything it already feels too disjointed . 
  georgia , moldova and the ukraine specifically seem like bad ideas to have them become eu members any time soon . 
  germany paid out significantly more money to bail out greece than for the refugee crisis so far . 
  i also do n't see why germany should pay for other countries because our country is running well . 
  we do n't need more east germany,
