  these bailouts have very little to do with the greek crisis . 
  well your stats show french and german banks holding the largest stake of foreign held greek debt and bnp paribas is a french bank . 
  still thanks a lot for these statistics . 
  i could n't seem to find these ... 
  the far biggest share of greek state debt ( a majority in fact ) was held by greek banks : https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed  by december 2009 , according to the bank for international settlements , german banks had amassed claims of $ 704 billion on greece , ireland , italy , portugal and spain , much more than the german banks ' aggregate capital . 
  in other words , they lent more than they could afford . 
  this is also bullshit . 
  banks are leveraged so they will always have lent more than their capital ... 
  so germany should have just paid the interest it had to pay for the loans germany had to take to grant greece these loans ? 
  or do you think germany just has 80 billion lying around idle ? 
  if you were investing in say 10 year portugese bonds you would get 3.11 % interest and i would say that portugese bonds still are safer than greek bonds and at the time when these bailouts happened you would have raked way higher interest even, 
  the bank bailouts in germany were the result of the international financial crisis of 2008 . 
  yes you can blame the banks for that . 
  also the debt to gdp ratio graph also shows a sharp increase in the german ratio from 2008-2010 . 
  it just stopped rising after that in germany and even fell . 
  it is normal though that during economic crisis debt rises and during economically well tiems debt should shrink , which especially italy and greece did not do sufficiently, 
  banks all over europe were bailed out . 
  germany also bailed its own banks out , that is n't special to greece . 
  just that this task led the greek states finances to crumble unlike the german state . 
  so you are telling me it is somehow a suprise that the banks from the largest foreign countries had hte largest share of greek bonds ? 
  also your graph conveniently excludes greejk banks . 
  and yet it was greece that was bailed out and not the cheaper alternative of simply bailing out our banks ... also the biggest share of greek state debt was still held by greek banks, 
  you wo n't get that . 
  the eurozone is to heterogenous for that to work . 
  the german public is massively against eurobonds and getting eurobonds through against germany seems nigh impossible . 
  do n't need to inflate it to hundreds of billions . 
  the 80 billions in loans and 160 billion in guarantees is already staggeringly large without inflating it . 
  the sum of loans is almost as large as the entire gdp of slovakia ... 
  1.3 billion interest compared to more than 80 billion in loans is close to nothing and far below what greece would have gotten on the open market, 
  but unlike voters politicians have nothing else to do in their job to get this information . 
  i mean frankfurt already is this in large parts today . 
  there are literally hundreds of thousands commuters every day to frankfurt . 
  i am gon na do this this summer for an internship too . 
  70km one way . 
  then you need to fight corruption to breed competition because the high standard and low prices in germany are in large part the result of competition . 
  well then strengthening the authorities in romania seems the way to combat that ... 
  the us is also not really a great place to compare population density to because the us is on the very low end on that spectrum . 
  the netherlands has 15 times the population density of the us and is fine . 
  well a lot of people from the former eastern bloc also seem to ignore that the largest country in central europe is germany or that germany is part of central europe at all . 
  then introduce legislation that fish sticks have to have at least 65 % fish in them , for example . 
  eu legislation does not prevent tighter rules . 
  could just be that there is less cut throat competition , more price fixing , happening in romania leading simply to higher margins . 
  how does that make for a bad market for consumers in germany ? 
  food is cheap and the quality is good and there is a good amount of competition that keeps it that way . 
  i have never had issues with 100 $ bills . 
  200 and 500 bills often are not accepted though especially if the sums paid are not in the hundreds . 
  it is for buying something like a car in cash . 
  say you want to buy a 25k car in cash that is a ton of bills if you could only use say 100 $ bills . 
  even just like 9k is a lot of bills this way, 
  right , but in the same vein sudetenland should never have become czechoslovak territory, 
  you basically nailed the three groups that support him . 
  it only says that a similar share of germans see trump or may negative as see putin negative . 
  i do n't expect may to be seen to the same level of negative as trump or putin though . 
  i do think that these two are seen at similar levelss of negative though . 
  putin by the way also was voted in . 
  and what value does have assigning territory to some country without even looking at the population of said territory ? 
  well sudetenland was also mostly german speaking ... 
  but that was also not what hitler did in 1938 . 
  you would support joining what you deem your home country though . 
  what made these lands ? 
  these lands ethnically were inhabitated in a vast majority by germans . 
  also the bohemian crown for the longest time was prince elector in the hre . 
  is it really suprising that they were pro nsdap though ? 
  they did n't wwant to be part of czechoslovakia , they were n't asked . 
  nobody wants refugees . 
  you still help them . 
  of course that could happen but then they 'd need to be in germany without state support and you ca n't have charities openly supporting illegals, 
  that means they are tied towards ee states then, 
  well they simply wo n't get residence in western states though . 
  if you do not build the system to make it work of couse it wont work . 
  you conveniently ignored that i proposed a european database with biometric data to avoid benefit hopping, 
  but you just said that governmetns shoul just ignore international treaties as they see fit . 
  that includes nato . 
  in your oppinion why should some human irhgts only apply to europeans ? 
  and how exactly do you define europe ? 
  this is not about these groups of people though ( and eritrea is a really poor example , there is no war in north korea either and i think dissidents from nk if they somehow were hre should be granted asylum ) . 
  this is about legitimate refugees , this is about jezidi people fleeing from isis , gays fleeing from persecution in their home countries . 
  i already prefaced this by only looking at legitimate refugees, 
  so if russia were to invade poland you think it would be cool if other nato countries just said : tough luck ? 
  of course we can . 
  we can tie their benefits to residence for example and establish eu wide databases with biometric data for refugees so they ca n't reregister . 
  so in your oppinion governments do not have the role of safeguarding human rights ? 
  you think governments should just ignore the international treaties they subscribed to ? 
  so for example in a scenario in ww2 a polish jew makes its way to the uk you think they should have just send them back to german occupied poland to die ? 
  so you think human rights are not as important ? 
  you think that what the russians did with these alleged isis militants was right ? 
  and why do you think germany should or would agree to that ? 
  these measures were proposed in 2015 and there was massive resistance to quotas, 
  and without quotas what is your plan to deal with approved asylum requests ? 
  but these hotspots on the european borders were denied because there was no plan on what to do with approved asylum requests because quotas were opposed so heavily and now the result is this uncontrolled flow, 
  people here seem to have a very dissonant approach to applying human rights anyways here . 
  how do you think we would stop the echr from interfering ? 
  just abolish it ? 
  that wont fly, 
  so your solution is just to havegermany and sweden deal with refugees and use force to turn people back ? 
  merkel has been trying to get the eu to do that . 
  the eu can not get to a line on what to with legitimate refigees so the system does not work because the border countries understandably cant take everyone, 
  theresa may wasnt even born when the queen became queen, 
  i would not say most people love her . 
  most people are fairly happy with her , but she isnt the kind of leader that would inspire love or devotion in people .
