  military budget only counts for so much here . 
  i am for example sure that one pound gets you a lot further in russian than in british military . 
  i also very much doubt that russia is a paper tiger . 
  it still has one of the largest armies of the world and certainly the most powerfull individually in europe . 
  if we had seen a spiral of agression , a war could have very well occured ( and still could ) even if there is no obvious reason right now . 
  it also looks from the outside like there was no reason to annex crimea and yet it happened . 
  poland is also not that big , it is in fact way smaller than ukraine , and the russian army is large . 
  depending on support i 'd be suprised if russia could n't take poland . 
  then again it is also a lot more dangerous to underestimate than to overestimate russia from a western point of view . 
  or they might march into europe . 
  this route could have very easily led to a ww3, 
  at the risk of ww3 if the west could even do that . 
  i would honestly doubt that tbh . 
  that is not the ecbs purpose though . 
  the ecb is not the fed or the boe . 
  we also already have friction between european economies , but it is not our job to pay for all other countries . 
   at the border . 
  i do n't believe people should be allowed entry into our countries without permission and our goal should be to establish such a system , but right now the eu states are unwilling to create such a system at least as long as it entails every part taking some responsibility  personally speaking , i am fortunate enough that this wo n't ever be an issue . 
  however , on principle i would fight for the queen . 
  think about it more in an abstract . 
   not our problem . 
  so you would think it is fine that britain deported german jews back to germany and that these jews were subsequently gassed ? 
  ( i know this is a historic example but i think it is a good one ) that this is morally fine . 
  somewhere between 1.5 % and 2 % are consostitenly what is estimated to be the german growth in 2016 . 
  you are also right that we can not make monetary policy , the ecb does that not germany . 
  german fiscal policy is for germany though as italian fiscal policy is for italy . 
  we are subject to the maastricht treaty and while pretty much everyone is in violation of the debt quota germany is at least working to fix it in germany . 
  we have unemployment rates of 4 % according to eurostat . 
  you ca n't get taht much below that in germany . 
  and we do n't have a political union to make decisions for other countries, 
   they could , but to less attentive voters , this distinction is not very clear . 
  then you very much risk , or that may even be the goal , to create unfounded sentiment . 
   which is part of why the public are so angry : these people should have been prevented from entering europe to begin with . 
  there is a difference between having people apply for asylum and repatriating people . 
  if people want to abolish asylum then propose that . 
  because if you allow people to apply for asylum you have to let them enter somehow . 
  the main issue was in my oppinion that the dublin regulation was entirely unfit and the european states refused to work together to create a redistribution system that would allow for a system where you could properly check people at the outer borders . 
   for fighting age men , i am in two minds : if it were me and my country , i would be fighting for it until my last breath , but i also do acknowledge the rationale behind genuine refugees . 
  if in your countries there was a civil war between multiple factions and all of them suck who do you fight for ? 
   again , perhaps not deport back , but prevented from arriving in the first place i could support . 
  so where do you suggest these people should go/should have gone ? 
   as do i !, 
  i just believe they should be vetted and assessed before being allowed to set foot in europe . 
  then you need a common system for asylum though if that is the concern . 
  because if you create a system where the first state is solely responsible you create a system that encourages not checking who comes in that supports loose borders, 
  we are closing in on full employment . 
  and i fail to see what the big difference between 3 % growth and 2 % inflation and 1.5 % growth and .5 % inflation is the same real growth . 
  you are also in that case `` investing '' into a lower debt because you will eventually need to create more debt when the next economic crisis rolls around . 
  that is the entire core of anticyclical fiscal policy . 
  you invest when times are bad and save when times are good . 
  when do you reduce debt when you increase it when times are bad ( i think we can both agree that this is generally what you want to be doing ) and when times are good ? 
   i would argue that the hate is popular because the previous politics was so pro-immigration . 
  the people will vote for the party which at least acknowledges the problem ( in a real way ) . 
  then these parties should at least start properly differentiating between immigrants and asylum for example . 
  also a lot of what people are demanding is simply not possible as long as you want to respect the laws . 
  you can not repatriate someone into a country if that country does not agree to that . 
  also do you really think that we should send people that fled from active warzones back into these warzones ? 
  that we should send people back to dictatorships even if that will likely mean that they will die ? 
  that those with very valid reasoning why they can not return home should go there ? 
  to put it to an extreme : would you argue that the uk was right to deport german jews back to germany during the nazi era ? 
  now you might notice , that i am arguing here that there are some valid reason why we should grant refuge to some people , but not for immigration . 
  i think there is also a good number of useful immigrants . 
  you need people to do the harvest for example and at least in germany you wo n't find cheap enough people to do that so they hire immigrants . 
  a well educated german coming to the uk to found a business there is also in my oppinion not a detriment to the country . 
  saying that immigration is always good or bad is just wrong . 
  there are reasons why you should prohibit some of it and allow other of it . 
  there are reasons why you ca n't get unemployment benefits in germany without having worked here . 
  i guess then we just disagree on a very fundamental level . 
  also for something like eurobonds you also have to make that palatable for all sides and with how they are envisioned currently they are very lopsided . 
  that simply will and should not fly in germany . 
  then you need politics to go against more immigration , which would be fine , but instead we are seeing hate reinforced and hate is not what helps . 
  if you want the end to asylum rules , you can argue for that just be honest with what you are demanding and do n't just fall into populist arguments and solutions that can not ever work ( `` we 'll build a wall and mexico will pay for it '' for example ), 
  and big investments are happening ? 
   i think nobody says that greece could have continued like before . 
  however , the strategy of sch\u00e4uble and the other euro states in greece was wrong . 
  you don \u00b4 t cut the budget drastically when a country like greece is in crisis , you invest more . 
  if a country is running a budget of 15 % you can not just invest more because you ca n't lend more money at reasonable rates . 
  that was the disaster that happened . 
  you first had to consolidate the greek state to make it even possible to change something or you could have created something like a `` greece soli '' , which obviously wo n't pass . 
  or would you have liked your taxes to be raised so that germany can pay for greek fuck ups ? 
  and if that happened , what would have kept spain or portugal to ask for germany to pick up the tab ? 
  it was also the greek side that was insistent on staying within the ez . 
  i recall our minister of finance suggesting grexit ... 
  you do realize sch\u00e4uble is one of the most popular right wing politicians in germany ? 
   `` we 've had enough of this in germany , we do n't need this any more . 
  we must n't make minorities the scapegoats of problems we ca n't solve ourselves . 
  whoever starts this , ends up where we once were in germany , at the end of german history . '' i also do n't see how this is particularly controversial ? 
  i do n't know about where you live but at least over here there are a lot of building sites , where streets are built/widened and bridges are renewed . 
  also a good chunk of that infrastructure is not federal responsibiltity , but rather responsibilty of the states . 
  as education for example is a state matter . 
  sch\u00e4uble also has not demanded a black zero from anyone . 
  just limiting deficits . 
  has greece not been a lesson of what happens when you recklessly run huge deficits ? 
  actually the vast vast majority of nato forces in germany were moved out of the country . 
  even if you payno interest you still have to pay the money back eventually or rather re finance in the future possibly then on higher interest . 
  it is not like that money is a donation . 
  itis a prime example of anti cyclic fiscal policy . 
  also if you are overspending in good times and overspending in bad times that will lead to collapse eventually . 
  see greece for example, 
  because trying to lower debt in economically decent times is such a terrible idea !,
