  some of their parents did n't speak german well but the children all did, 
  if you want extreme radicalism you should just read around on this subreddit . 
  here is a lot of radicals in the wild, 
  you should try that with a german flair downvotes will come, 
  a considerable amount is quite the understatement in my oppinion . 
  it was 15 times the amount that we might be facing this year in a war ridden country, 
  i do n't think so . 
  it takes quite a while before they are eligible voters, 
  the idea of a pure german does n't even make sense . 
  our country is already the second most popular target for immigration ( after the us obv ) and i think that is good . 
  there is nothing wrong with having more muslims . 
  at least most muslims i know are very moderate and we already have a big turkish minority here, 
  maybe our grandchildren will be able to grow up without constantly having the nazis referenced , but i somewhat doubt it, 
  the germans backed merkel in the greek crisis ( and quite a lot wante a harsher course than she did ) and a lot of people are backing her now . 
  also you should remember that our finance minister still has very high approval ( 72 % approval ) since the greek crisis . 
  the german people back what their government did, 
  if i had to chose a different country i would probably chose austria . 
  seems the closest to home and i already speak the language anyways, 
  what is a sockpuppet ? 
  yes as i said in another point i also mixed up refugees and immigrants i am sorry, 
  really ? 
  just think back to the greek crisis there were people arguing for both the greece side and the side of the creditors and right now basically everything that is not harshly against refugees/migrants gets downvoted into oblivion, 
  i know and by now i feel it is mostly the same people you see running around here with german flairs . 
  only one thing spans over both : just go and blame the germans !, 
  merkel repeatedly also stated that hard decisions will have to be made . 
  i also think that a pragmatic approach and not ideologically driven approach will lead to sucess in how this will be handled . 
  and to be honest if i think of one thing that merkel is good at it is acting pragmatical . 
  well i felt like there was a pretty big decline of german flairs here since the refugee crisis has been so widely discussed here and a lot of people seemingly have very radical opinnions on it, 
  indeed , it is also refreshing to see some german flairs again in / r/europe, 
  if we ignore the little difference that there were repeated acts of agression from syria directed at israel . 
  yes sure . 
  i just expect by now that people use immigrants and refugees synonymously . 
  sorry for using unclear language . 
  you are completely right !, 
  yeah it is kinda sad how much this sub has devolved into a xenophobic racist shithole recently, 
   hungary wanting to take less muslim immigrants ( note the word used here ) is in no way more discriminatory than only wanting immigrants of a specific qualification . 
  yes and it is both massively fucked up . 
  but just because there are other local issues that does n't free your from your duties according to international law . 
  europe took the refugees from the yugoslav wars aswell . 
  and pinpointing it in the religion of refugees is also seriously fucked up . 
  how is it not discrimination if hungary says they wo n't accept ~ ~ immigrants ~ ~ refugees because they are muslims ? 
  and this is not even about refugees yet who have rights under international law that people here seem to just want to ignore . 
  so basically hungary is discriminating based on their religious beliefs and we applaud that ? 
  awell germany also needs a ton more gas than estonia ... 
  you should try reading this sub it is incredibly biased against refugees recently, 
  so it is the responsibility of germany to finance romania even more ? 
  so tell me about those third countries willing to take them, 
  yep that is indeed fair . 
  also romania seems to be making heavy progress in fighting corruption these days . 
  to be fair the vast majority of syrian refugees are also `` just '' internally displaced, 
  i guess we all know she wo n't die before 2022 , i mean cmon its queen elizabeth, 
  well living as an illegal doesnt sound particularly fun, 
  see my view is obviously biased , but i feel like the only thing nationalism really brought is war and well the country of germany . 
  nationalism is also what fueled the aggression towards poland from germany and the soviets . 
  nationalism is what caused the attacks on france . 
  uhm some are migrants and some are refugees ... 
  welldo you think leaving countries like hungary italy or greece alone would help ? 
  there is hardly any way to enter germany without passing another eu country, 
  nationalism also brought us two world wars and oneof the biggest genocides ever, 
  if germany had won ww2 we wiuldnt even need to discuss the refugees !, 
  i also think that quite a lot of german redditors are dissapointed by / r/europe recently, 
  germany was ravaged by the war tho . 
  also we had the wirtschaftswunder in the 60s . 
  there was a reason there were workers imported to germany because at that time there was basically no unemployment in germany ( unemployment quota was around 1-2 % ), 
  you say travel like it is like boarding a plane and flying out to new york . 
  what they go through is a lot more physically demanding and way more time consuming and also extremely expensive . 
  maybe they just can not afford to flee with more than the family father and the rest stays in hiding for so long . 
  well you can hide . 
  it is not safe , but fleeing to europe is really expensive and a lot easier to do for a single man . 
  see for a single man it is easier to make the rough travel when you do n't have to be constantly on the look out for your wive and family . 
  i think you missjudge how the german public thinks . 
  no he was making a point that was basically only critizing th racism on this sub recently . 
  there would be a pretty big backlash in germany, 
  wow those are crazy low approval ratings especially considering merkel just dropped to one of her lower points of approval at just 63 %, 
  yes germany lost less than greece where the gdp of germany is 15 times the gdp of greece . 
  same here in germany tho only for bavaria you could get some support but that also is due to history as bavaria was probably one of the states least fond of a prussian led germany, 
  just a massive possibly nuclear war between china and america . 
  i just had the german version in my head all the time, 
  i will be voting csu begrudgingly because i ca n't vote for cdu in bavaria but i want to see merkel stay . 
  she is doing a fine job overall and i do n't see a candidate that could do a better job, 
  currently they probably ca n't process this fast enough simply by the mass of people that are coming curretnly . 
  they certainly are checking but i am not entirely sure . 
  maybe they mostly do the detailed check when there is doubt . 
  that the asylum applications are not that easy is part of the reason why the dublin checks were supsended simply because there is just not the ressources currently, 
  see you can check if somebody is syrian . 
  for example if they claim to be from village x in syria you better speak the local dialect and know the surrounding cities . 
  also still around half of the refugees still come from the balkans and those get declined, 
  completely ignoring that even during the cold war west germany had gas contracts with the soviet union ? 
  thats right as that is the matter of the sates in germany . 
  well you can ... 
  it is just not particularly humane . 
  both the german emppire and the soviet union deported millions last century, 
  yeah but it also had a huge impact that the country was destroyed by war and under . 
  foreign military rule . 
  it is humor , a parody on orban i would guess, 
  for how long has germany pushing now for a fair distribution ? 
  it feels like it has been the position of most people here and of the german government to not accept economic migrants through asylum, 
  no it was not in the programme simply because that wasn an issue at election time , but still if you look at surveys her position is backed by the german populatio, 
  but it is not like you can not recover from that . 
  after ww2 a fifth of the german population were refugees,
