  a lot of people are already quite pissed how their savings are not earning interest . 
  people will ask what we will get in return , especially considering how utterly unhelpful most of the eu has been in the refugee crisis ( and think about this however you want i am trying to present the perspective i think a large chunk of germans are taking ) . 
  i personally do not think a closer fiscal union is possible wihout a political union and i do not think that that is viable currently . 
  to me it just seems extremely lopsided of who is supposed to benefit versus who is supposed to lose out, 
   if the us invests heavily into domestic infrastructure , engineering and industrial base if china partially gears away from extreme export orientation towards domestic market etc these events would if anything boost german exports . 
  so if we are rallying for less jews in germany that is cool with you ? 
  if we call for less gypsies ? 
  or less eastern europeans ? 
  i really do n't know why this guy still is in office . 
  he has been making a fool of himself for years now, 
  how is poland denied rights to buy german companies ? 
  well the poles did not kill all that many germans , but there were a huge number of jews in poland . 
  also quite funny how much a problem the uk seems to have with poles while in germany where there are vastly more poles people do n't really make an issue of it . 
  the uk was one of the biggest of those pushing for eastern expansion though . 
  an amicable deal has to be something both parties have to want though and i am at least not under the impression that that is what the uk is aiming for . 
  i do not think military matters really at all in the brexit negotiations . 
  why would it ? 
  i do not think that draghis conclusions in generally are wrong they just seem mismatched for germany . 
  germany is not facing aj economic crisis . 
  germany has record low unemployment . 
  the ecb is consistently sending signals of crisis rather than recovery though . 
  the low interest span is also not exactly temporary anymore . 
  also if they are exhausting their means akready what is supposed to happen should another crisis hit ? 
  germany did not nearly shit as kuch on dublin as greece or hungary . 
  we let way less pl go to sweden than these countries letthroufh . 
  also lets face it the dublin system is dead, 
  isnt that the comission isnt independent or rather too politicized the prime reason to move away from it ? 
  gysi is part of die linke though which means they wint become large enough to become chancellor, 
  would you really prefer gabriel ? 
  abecause the policy of draghi is very much to the detriment of germany, 
  because the syrian civil war is repsonible for the latgest part of refugees ? 
  also the eu can not act against its memberstates, 
  well but this was agreed upon in the coalition treaty as far as i am aware . 
  because you can apply for asylum in general ? 
  alos in germany nationalities are spread out regionally . 
  you get clusters of syians egyptians , tunisians etc. 
  passing a law against your coalition partner is very much just breaking the coalition . 
  that is how that would be perceived . 
  yes i also expect merkel to stay in office , but discussing who could be chancellor is not be particularly interesting if you dont presume that merkel does not, 
  also germany has pretty much resolved the issues with intra eu trade balance which were signicficantly larger . 
  things like a low oil price and a weak euro also very naturally lead to a rise in current account surplus, 
  he is also one of the most popular politicians in germany . 
  if he was younger i could see a good chance of him being chancellor . 
  if merkel does not wamt to run he is the most suitable candidate fir chancellor, 
  i can not recall germany or the eu being responsible for the syrian civil war, 
  how do you house potentially hundreds of thousands of people in a small island ? 
  how do you get the infrastrucuture there ? 
  what happens if the numer of arrivals drastically change in either direction with these camps ? 
  also which laws would aply there ? 
  there for example is no eu criminal code, 
  do you know the dublin agreement ? 
  well that was created because it was decided that you need a common asylum system after the yugoslav wars . 
  well we have seen that system fail and now we need a new system, 
  lybia is certainly not invading a european country . 
  that notion is ridiculous, 
  and where and how do you want to create these camps with good conditions ? 
  germany has a pretty low surplus . 
  preety much the goal is to have a balanced balance on government spending . 
  dont confuse current account surplus and government spending . 
  a large part of the former is the undervalued euro . 
  also keynesian policy says you spend in bad times and you save in good times . 
  well right now economically times are good, 
  my government had the policy of not creating more debt as one of its core policies which led to a reduction of debt ratio . 
  and why should we expand that system ? 
  so then so be it . 
  you cant have a union built on one way solidarity . 
  and then what do you do with thise that come to europe ? 
  you cant send them home after all, 
  so then these ee countries should leave the eu if they are not willing to share the responsibilities that were agreed on sharing, 
  so we go for a war of aggression against lybia and install our own government there ? 
  brussels and berlin tried to install hotspots and a permanent relocation scheme to solve the problem , but we know how that went, 
  and which airlines fly into syria ? 
  one million ukranian immigrants not one million ukranian refugees . 
  or do we have two million polish refugees in germany then ? 
  so you would prefer the polish state were to pay for asylum procedure in italy or germany ? 
  because not enough people care enough to make it legal, 
  how is mandatory school a ridiculous law ? 
  i know mine as oma too :o, 
  then having mozart be austrian is questionable at least too , considering if anything he would have considered himself german or much more a citizen of salzburg , but salzburg is no longer an independent state . 
  if you do n't want to split nationaity liket his it makes little sense to attribute hitler to germany instead of austria . 
  attributing hitler to germany , but stalin to georgia is also at least very questionable, 
  uhm why should holding the baltics be so difficult ? 
  of course it would happen then too . 
  it would n't happen if the parent just said their kid was sick instead of talking about ideological reasons though ... 
  to learn about other cultures i would guess . 
   the kid was n't skipping school , he was kept home by his parents . 
  that is truancy . 
   nobody should be fined for taking their kid out of school for a day that is the law though . 
  it may not be in line with your belief , just as i think that it should not be allowed to homeschool children ( and that in fact is not allowed in germany ) . 
  i also agree with enforcing it . 
  compulsory schooling is compulsory . 
  why this is n't obvious to the germans ? 
  because we have different laws and different priorities ? 
  you ca n't just take your kid out of school . 
  interesting . 
  i ca n't recall my school wanting doctors notes on school trips but then again i do n't recall me or my sister ever being sick on a school trip, 
  well yes , but you could n't just have stayed home instead . 
  in my school the few times there was a church service with the pupils you could opt to not go there but you had to stay at school for that time, 
  they most likely would n't even needed that . 
  they most likely can just call the school for that,
