  that said i think the media is vastly overstating the prevalence of burqas/niqabs, 
  yes . 
  compulsory education is exactly that . 
  it is compulsory . 
  religion does n't give you the freedom to do what you want , but you do need a good reason to lmimit people in the freedom to execute their beliefs . 
  forcing children to go to school has such good reasoning and i think banning burqinis does not, 
  i do n't think that it is constitutional to target specific clothing of religions ( and i do n't see what grounds you 'd have to ban burqinis ) . 
  little to none , but do you think that those spouses wo n't just prohibit their women from going out ? 
  no because that would be breaking the law ... 
  i am against banning it because as you said banning clothing without very good reason should not have a place . 
  i also just do n't think burqas/niquabs are prevalent enough to warrant a ban . 
  see i do n't live in a major city and i have n't seen one outside of very touristy spots which most likely just were tourists from the arab world . 
  and honestly i do n't really care what tourists dropping their money here wear . 
  is n't the presumption usually that there has not been a crime though if there are no apparent signs of it ? 
  and we stop opression by dictating what womens can not wear ? 
  forcing someone to wear a burqa ( or anything specific for that matter ) is already banned, 
  and you live in copenhagen ? 
  if you go to the areas where arab tourists are you will see burqas because these are the ones that usually wear them . 
  the gdr was a bit less of a quarter of pre war germany , about as large as the territory lost after ww2, 
  these numbers are for gdp/capita . 
  as such for example berlin has a lower gdp per capita than germany has overall, 
  austria was not divided as germany was after the war . 
  austria maneuvered out of this fate . 
  well there is a shortage of workers ( especially qualified ones ) . 
  if you meet the criteria for a job why should n't they hire you even if you are from somewhere else ? 
  really interesting to see that the numbers stayed the same for germany ( and also very similar in austria ) . 
  honestly i think the system the way we have it here is a lot more healthy . 
  you do n't need a university degree to be an electrician . 
  you need to learn how to be an electrician for that, 
  you 'll also have a share of people in between jobs or recently graduated and have n't found a job quite yet . 
  then you have people that might be looking only in a very specific field or their studies might not be relevant to employers, 
  so , you punish people that say own a house ? 
  a fundamentally undervalued currency makes it hard to reduce trade surplus does n't it ? 
  the government just recently enacted a large infrastructure program ( worth almost 300 billion until 2030 ) . 
  defense budget has also been increased, 
   furthermore , that surplus could have been used to make it easier on other european states . 
  i will never get this : the greeks , other european citizens with whom we share close political ties , are the immoral slackers and deserve to be punished , yet somehow we 're rich enough to take on all the problems of the world ( as long as they happen to reach our territory , we of course conveniently forget about them when they 're holed up in jordan ) . 
  because the situation is fundamentally different . 
  greece overspent and now iss sitting on a huge pile of debt . 
  germany and the rest bailed them out so they do n't go bankrupt but that does n't make debt go away . 
  i really do not get why german tax payers should pay for the excesses of the greek state even more . 
  germany has at not point denied humanitarian aid if that were to be necessary . 
  i remember the drk was set up to go to greece if necessary . 
  on the other hand there is an obligation to at least examine the claims to asylum of people that come here and apply for that . 
  and the reasoning that we do not allow asylum applilcations say in embassises is to not get our countries run over with refugees . 
  so then you support also the requirement for women to wear a niqab in saudi arabia ? 
  you can use that line of thought to justify almost any oppressive law . 
  democracy abides by certain rules . 
  if you break those rules democracy can easily turn into ochlocracy/autocracy, 
  forcing people to wear something is already forbidden though ... and because you suspecti was not her own chocie to wear a burkine ( which it very well could have been ) you strip a person of it ? 
  right , but forcing other people to wear something is already forbidden ... 
  if russia moves lots of lives will be lost regardless . 
  the goal is to avoid a confrontation . 
  the thing is for considerations on how russia acts the russian viewpoint is a lot more important than western views . 
  see i am certainly not a fan of russia , but we can not deny that they are powerful and that we have to pay some consideration here . 
   oh come on ... is it wrong that there is an anti german sentiment in poland ? 
  and where did nato not hold up its obligations towards estonia ? 
  is n't nato trying to prevent such a hybrid war with estonia ? 
  well you should care . 
  is n't russia considered the biggest threat to polish national security ? 
  how can you ignore the first sentence of your quote ? 
  that part of the sentence is the most important in my oppinion . 
  ultimately each state will have to react appropriate . 
  you ca n't force independent nations to act in a certain way that easily and the treaty already specifies that every state considers an attack on one an attack on them all . 
  see if poland is unwilling to trust then so be it , not my problem . 
  if poland is not interested in reconcilliation and instead wants to harbour old resntments then sure , nothing i can do about it . 
  that said if you do n't trust your allies to act on their obligations then you do n't have many options . 
  if poland were to leave the npt though and build its own nuclear i would expect some rather worrying diplomatic events happen before and after and i do not think that the west should continue considering poland its ally in case the state goes rogue . 
  see germany has no nuclear deterrent either . 
  we have to rely on our allies too , but germany seems to be able to trust its allies . 
  the closest ally of germany is france , the conflict with which was at the very foundation of germany . 
  france used to be the german nemesis , but old grudges have to settle if you want to move on . 
  i am sure that the relevant staff in the us knows these things . 
  ultimately it is irrelevant if the general population knows . 
  i also think that many people believe that war is somewhat unlikely , but it is not impossible . 
  i was not alive 30 years ago i can not compare it to that . 
   the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all how else would you interpret this sentence that an attack on one is to be considered an attack on all ? 
  if all other nato countries agree that one country should not be given aid that is most likely the end of the alliance but there is nothing the attacked party could do anyways regardless of the treaty . 
  you literally quoted the part of the treaty that says that ... 
  if poland is peaceful and has nuclear weapons then there is no reason to be afraid of . 
  if however russia has nukes or iran wants nukes , then that 's the problem . 
  that makes perfect sense from a western perspective , but no sense at all from say , a russian point of view . 
  and honestly the though of polish nukes also makes me at least uneasy as a german considering the anti german sentiment that seems to be already harboring in poland . 
  i am personally not particularly interested in a further proliferation of nuclear weapons even if that means my own country wo n't be nuclear . 
  and how else should nato nations be required to react ? 
  nuclear weaposn are fundamentally an offensive weapon . 
  can you not see how polish nukes might look like a threat to national security from moscow ? 
  russia does not only violate estonian airspace , but also that of other nato members as far as i am aware . 
  also there are already nato air patrols in the baltics, 
  you 're a funny lad , but hey throw out claims and then not back them up . 
  not my problem, 
  yes all the 3 liechtensteiner and the 4 luxemburger ( even if they insist they speak their own language ) on reddit are welcome . 
  you suggested that this happened not me, 
  which problems did estonia have where estonia asked for nato assistance and nato did not supply that ? 
  is nato not strong enough as a deterrent ? 
  if poland withdrew from the npt and went to acquire nukes without backing . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  what else would you think ? 
  if a nation openly hostile to russia withdraws from the npt and develops nuclear weapons clearly aimed at russia what do you think is the appropriate reaction ?
