  cdu also ruled out a coalition with afd, 
  because that was a very central campaigning promise that they would n't enter a coalition with the left party . 
  without that promise they would have most likely suffered quite a bit with those voters closer to the political center voting spd . 
  the left in government just is not a palatable option to a lot of people . 
  ideologically a lot of the people that are high ranking in the spd also belong to that more centrist part of the party as does angela merkel in the cdu . 
  subsequently this is giving us a mostly centrist coalition edit : die linke has a lot of nutty ideologues , for example they are insistent on germany leaving nato . 
  they also were always for closer german-russian relations . 
  they are the successor of the east german sed, 
  so would merkel-macron ? 
  and that right now still is significantly more likely, 
  afd has ruled out being any junior partner in a coalition . 
  brookline , massachusetts is in the us not in ireland . 
  are we supposed to claim all americans of german descent too then ? 
  that was at the time the criteria for being german . 
  there was not much uniting germans other than that . 
  you get a lot of nonsense like this for germans . 
  for example counting mozart as austrian does n't make much sense either , but salzburg is in austria now so that 's where that 's from ( salzburg was independent though when mozart was alive ) . 
  defining german before the 20th century is also muddy at best . 
  in general it was done by mother tongue ( and that would also make copernicus german ) . 
  how is this preventing just anybody to sign or for people to sign multiple times ? 
  which is n't bad considering that almost a fifth of the population is concentrated there, 
  also cleanly shows the north/south divide in germany . 
  it would be funny if it was n't so freaking dangerous, 
  he is for integration only where it suits him, 
  is n't that pretty much only the anglo press ? 
  at least in germany i have never heard this be used other than reporting about english speaking press calling merkel that, 
  luxembourg is hosting a lot of eu institutions and is very small apart from that . 
  not long ago 30 % for the spd would have been an abysmal result . 
  before merkel took office you know when the last time was the spd did as poorly as they are polling right now ? 
  wot ? 
  the spd suffered a lot in these, 
  in what world is being part of a socialist youth in a socialist dictatorship something that makes that person left ? 
  not exactly much choice there, 
  germany pairs much more with the netherlands than poland . 
  as much banter there is between our countries in football we are still some of the closest allies and some of the most interwoven countries, 
  right we are deviating but i will still adress your points  the initial redistribution scheme for the initial 160 000 failed also because refugees allotted to eastern eu countries would not want to go there anyway , and any mechanism to force them to stay ( considering schengen ) was not yet defined . 
  the redistribution scheme failed because we asked refugees . 
  we should n't , we should just allocate them . 
  secondly a large chunk why that failed because there were no proper registration centers which did note existed because nobody wanted to have these in their countries because without a proper guarantee for redistribution this jus tmeans that they are esentially stuck with them . 
  as for how to bind them locally you can tie all benefits to residence and send them back if caught . 
  there does n't need to be freedom of movement for these people . 
   the number was not capped to a few hundred ( in the case of estonia ) but a fixed percentage point . 
  that could mean a steady inflow that would continue until the outside borders are secure or until the sources for refugees dry up . 
  and that is why all these programs also included programs to also make sureless people come and importantly only relocate those that have a high chance of acceptance ( for example syrians ) and to send those that are not back right at the border . 
  at that level of income you still have not trouble to survive at all in most of europe . 
  you can still afford all food and you can stil afford a flat . 
  you maybe ca n't go vacation in spain , but that is hardly counting as poor . 
  is 1000 $ a month comfortable ? 
  you can easily live on less though . 
  a vast majority of university students lives on less and outside of say munich that is without trouble ( and yes in munich it can be tight ), 
   we might be worse than the us if the s80/s20 comparison would compare the top 20 % eu citizens to the bottom 20 % eu citizens , regardless of their residency . 
  we would almost definitely be worse if you do that . 
  you would then be comparing the top earners from countries like germany , france or the uk to the poorest of the balkans and eastern europe . 
  that just does n't make much sense at all . 
  the european countries are a lot less equal than us states . 
  but then why do you trust facebook better to police itself ? 
  i just personally do n't trust facebook either . 
  i do n't think it is a good idea to give as much power to an opaque institution such as facebook . 
  i also can absolutely see the need for uncensored news , i just also think that this is also dangerous as this can be used to spread propaganda and as much it is necessary in unfree states like iran , i do not think that the german law is absurd here . 
   i completely agree . 
  however i always think there is room for better education and providing more information to the general public so that they make an informed decision . 
  and even then people will still value different things at times . 
  i live 40km from a former nuclear reactor and that does not bother me . 
  i can see why it could bother others though . 
   this is a slightly different can of worms . 
  at least research regarding nuclear can be seen as a little more free of emotion than whatever sociological data there is about the impact of a large refugee influx . 
  one lends itself to measurements a lot easier than the other . 
  and the potential damage from nuclear is a lot higher . 
  and saying that it would massively alter even a small country like estonia to host a few hundred refugees is absurd . 
  if you want to make a massive impact on people 's daily life by this you would need a far higher mass . 
  refugees altered lebanon a country that took as many refugees as germany , but is the size of slovenia . 
  we live in a democracy though and not in a technocratic dictatorship . 
  there is only so much you can do against the explicit will of a huge majority of the population . 
  same thing happened during the refugee crisis for example where a lot of countries resisted a new european asylum system purely off of emotion . 
  there is no good way to store energy . 
  you do know that it was the schroeder government that put that in action ? 
  also as much as i disagree with her on fastening the phase out ( and i am not convinced she thinks it is the right thing to do ) it is perfectly acceptable to change an oppinion after an event like this . 
  they agreed to remove hate speech , when reportted , and nothing happened . 
  facebook is responsible for its own site being compliant with german law , i.e. 
  not spreading illegal content . 
  that is the decision of the government when they deem it enough of an issue to tackle . 
  i do n't think facebook has a signifcantly different share in germany than in say spain and yet it seems to be a bigger issue for more people here . 
  i also think my government has been trying soft with facebook long enough with informal agreements that have yielded nothing . 
  if we ca n't do this the friendly way the bigger guns have to be brought . 
  oh i can see and obviously i will see the example in iran differently . 
  similarly i do not think the extent to which say turkey goes in censoring social media is good . 
  we ca n't go to either extreme . 
  we have to strike a balance somewhere and i think forcing human checks on these reports is one way to do this . 
  edit : seems like facebook is actually more dominant in spain than germany, 
  well pretty much all consumer goods have to be imported to iceland which is not exactly a major trade hub . 
  interesting . 
  that still leaves the differences that dw is not really a far reaching medium in spain ( or at least i am pretty sure off that ) . 
  if dw somehow was one of the top 3 news websites in spain then i think it would be asbolutely reasonable to require them to fully comply with spanish law ( and it would be reasonable right now too in my oppinion ) . 
  so yes i do believe dw spain should comply with spanish legislation , but as long as there is not a large problem nothing would happen simply because it is too complicated . 
  facebook is a large issue though . 
  facebook has a huge market share . 
  if your blog that 500 germans read written from the us is breaking german law nobody will give a shit . 
  a lot of legislation could be abused and if the government was looking to abuse its power it could do much more . 
  they could just create new legislation . 
  you have to have some sort of trust into the government and right now i have no indication to believe that the government is looking to abuse this .
