  nope that were the courts . 
  read the article, 
  but factually we did not see a major rise because of it, 
  without that the whole situation in germany would not have worked out though . 
  you needed that public support at the time . 
  this was mostly important within germany and yes everyone who gets to germany gets welfare . 
  that is how our constitution works and every one has the right for due process . 
  the government also tried to further reduce benefits which faiked in the supreme court, 
  you should really read the article ... 
  how else should someone just have 100m ? 
  i also do n't see how someone else having it easier diminishes my chances in live . 
  so you think the state should seize all assets of a person when that person dies ? 
  that parents should be disallowed to give money to their kids ? 
  and someone who had 100m to boot probably was born into a rich family . 
  families that made money will also have kids and i do n't see why it should be bad if they can preservae and pass down that wealth . 
  it 's their money after all . 
  germany is one of the five largest arms exporters . 
  or less relevant . 
  how would you phrase it ? 
  or do you deny that countries like hungary or estonia are less relevant than germany or the uk ? 
  it 's more like no seats no nukes . 
   you have no nice banners '' ... paid by eu cohesion funds '' ? 
  nope , but we are paying for them !, 
  and how is the eu supposed to solve these crisis if its memberstates ca n't agree ? 
  see the eu can create solutions but it ca n't or is unwilling to enforce them . 
  who the fuck is wolfgang m\u00fcnchau supposed to be ? 
  uhm no ? 
  i think reuters is a very reliable source hence reading that title made my heart go faster for a moment . 
  the interest policy of the ecb is hurting germany enough as is . 
  also the bundesbank before the ecb was de facto the most important central bank in europe . 
  now the ecb is the most important . 
  especially considering it lists reuters as domain . 
  vw also only had the devices in one type of engine , just that these were built into a lot of different cars . 
  any scandal like this in vw will also of course affect significantly more cars than with fiat chrysler simply because vw builds a lot more cars . 
  also note that for fiat chrysler there might be more to come . 
  jesus can we please have this without an editorialized title like this ? 
  for example : http://www.forbes.com/sites/bertelschmitt/2016/09/01/dieselgate-reaches-fiat-chrysler-proof-of-defeat-devices-exists-german-government-says/#689b720b6f89, 
  so the central bank of germany has more influence than comparable institutes in smaller/less important countries ? 
  colour me suprised . 
  that is a function of being larger and more important . 
  the influence of the bundesbank also definitely got reduced heavily with the introduction of the euro . 
  germany has no special influence on the ecb . 
  in fact a huge part of germans is very unhappy with the ecbs course . 
  also what does our trains have to do with this ? 
  also it is not like vw was the only car supplier cheating, 
  people are happy with it . 
  there is nowhere near the level of support for doing that for the rest of europe though . 
  we still today are paying a special tax for reunification . 
  thiswas only possible because people were willing to make sacrifices , sacrifices i do n't think they are willing to do for a federal europe . 
  eastern europe is also a lot larger than just east germany, 
  so basically the bank was given special treatment which made it look better , but it would have passed regardless, 
  official statements seems to be a lot more tame in general than what these parties say outside of these in my experience, 
  the development funds are a drop in the bucket if your goal is to bring the regions on the same level in a reasonable pace . 
  well the npt was created after the unsc was already fully effective . 
  if that was the case also why are states like india and pakistan not on the unsc ? 
  i am also positive that both germany and japan would have the know how and materials to build nuclear weapons . 
  it is also not that germany is behind the uk or france it is in fact ahead of them economically . 
  sou need massive transfers to make the regions equal enough . 
  look at the history of german reunification if you will, 
  and then what if these us multinationals were to just ignore that law ? 
  the unsc primarily represents thr victors of ww 2 . 
  otherwise why dont germany and japan have seats ? 
  germany is not on the unsc, 
  quite the difference between west and east germany, 
  for estonia for example i think giving 1 every 500 would be a fair share . 
  for germany 1 every 5 refuees could be fine . 
  right , but ordinary romanians also profit a lot from these . 
  you could also argue that they relief romania of paying for these and help attracting companies from other eu states that then create jobs in romania . 
  and what is the eu demanding in return ? 
  that the money is actually spent on that and not go to some local politicians purse instead ? 
  oh of course . 
  there is no difference though, 
  and paying for roads , bridges , power plants , hostpitals , sewage sytems , etc. 
  are not handouts ?!, 
  if money directly given so you can build some infrastructure is not a handout what is ? 
  where is the difference between bip and gdp other than one being the german and one being the english word ? 
  bruttoinlandsprodukt literally translates to gross domestic product . 
  it 's basically those that would have to foot the bill be against and those that stand to profit in favor . 
  people will also just like the whole idea way less when you tell them that you need to raise taxes to make this possible , once they realize they will have to funnel even more money into other countries . 
  we already had reunification in germany . 
  gdp that has dropped because the rouble dropped primarily and the oil price dropped . 
  well if the vietnamese think they need a great power to back them against chinese influence would n't having russia as backing accomplish that ? 
  it also deals a large blow to the relations with france and sends signals that you can not rely on poland upholding contracts made . 
  who cares about stupid things like treaties anyways, 
  germany does n't have that different a social net than most of the rest of western europe . 
  the chance for merkel to get reelected if she runs is very high at this point . 
  i dont see a massive economic boom in the us, 
  well german identity is a lot more of a cesspool than danish identity i think . 
  there is a lot more difficult history on german identity or at least that is my impression . 
  you know i would be very happy if we had that debate any time soon in germany , but it just wo n't be happening . 
  devalued currency and low interest is causing other issues in germany than in italy, 
  i agree on this , i guess i have just seen too many people blame these shortcomings on germany and the north . 
  the euro also helps germany and it also helps italy . 
  it also hurts germany and hurts italy , but each in different ways . 
  for example the low interest rates are there to help italy meanwhile are hurting germany . 
  the euro is also fundamnetally valued too low for germany which leads in parts to a large trade imbalance , it also makes foreign goods more expensive for the common man . 
  and no i sadly do n't speak italian . 
  right , but i am just feeling like a lot of people are seeing devaluing a currency as some sort of god tool which it is not . 
  depreciating currency also only works in a very limited way as it is not that relevant domesitcally how highly the currency is valued , just as we have not seen ordinary goods getting more expensive despite the euro dropping massively, 
   the main reason why unemployment is so much higher in say , italy , compared to germany is because productivity and efficiency has improved much more in germany compared to italy .
