  it just strikes me as weird because people said these very same things about germans, 
  absolutely . 
  all the monies the kremlin pays me for saying that is insane . 
  you should shoot putin a message !, 
  was easy enough for me as he speaks german, 
  that is really unrealistic though . 
  that would require the cdu to drop very signficantly and the fdp to not get into the bundestag . 
  also the spd has no good candidate for chancellor, 
  because russians are inherently bad people , right ? 
  and who else would form a coalition against merkel ? 
  if cdu/spd would n't get an absolute majority we 'd just see cdu/spd/fdp or cdu/spd/greens, 
  one big issue with this especially from the view of the smaller countries is that their countries simply wo n't matter as much . 
  who cares about 1 million votes of cyprus or 2 million in lithuania when there are countries like france with 66 million people ? 
  3/4 of the population of the eurozone are concentrated in germany , france , itayl and spain, 
  it will be merkel or if she is not running it will be the person running for the cdu , but by far the most likely scenario currently seems to be a reelection of merkel in 2017 . 
  there also just is nobody to really challenge her or the cdu, 
  and who will take office ? 
  who is your realistic candidate for chancellor if merkel runs for the cdu ? 
  when the german military stages a coup d'\u00e9tat or realistically when she retires or gets voted out of office, 
  because people do not want to give up the necessary power . 
  also you ca n't really make one fiscal policy for all of the eu at least currently . 
   the migrants themselves do n't really want to go to ce and ee countries uhm austria and germany have been prime destinations in central europe, 
  `` both men are currently in detention awaiting deportation from germany , the court spokesman said . '', 
  there is also a pretty big difference between 1998 and 2016, 
  it really is funny how people still say that with the eu really not working as germany would like it a lot of the times especially recently, 
  putin would eat trump alive, 
  our defense from whom ? 
  the thing is he is making an arrogant and rude request , insisting a guideline that is not more than a guideline is a contractual obligation . 
  if he were to try and ask that of germany the response will be all but understanding it will be outright angry . 
  i also just do not see what the us has to gain from abandoning nato and antagonizing europe . 
  i just do not see what the us has to gain from destabilizing the region . 
  it is also not like the us hasnt cut down on their european deployments massively . 
  i am living in old us barracks.\u00fc , my university is partly in army buildings, 
  which members agreed to intervene ? 
  because i am pretty sure that germany did not agree to intervene in ukraine, 
  why is nato obliged to help ukraine ? 
  ukraine is not a nato member . 
  the political landscape regarding the military is also a lot different in some nato countries . 
  i am honestly curious what will/would happen if trump ges elected presidents and asks for money for the us bases in allied countries and just gets a big `` fuck you '', 
  so they were n't stronger then ? 
  see you can say a lot of things , but the german army was in good shape when ww2 started . 
  certainly not every country germany took on was stronger . 
  france fell , poland fell , the balkans fell . 
  you basically only had the americans , the british and the soviets left defeating germany in the end and it is at least debatable how a war between only germany and the uk or the su would have played out and the idea of germany and america fighting a war does n't seem very sensible due to germany and america simply being so far apart, 
  and getting 1.6 million people this year seems very very unlikely, 
  1 million people is not 2 % of german population . 
  also these people do not come here to work primarily and those who are will get asylum denied . 
  paid by whom ? 
  it was not the eu that toppled varoufakis, 
  but the euro has been on the down and down . 
  so because he is my ucle he should give me the bmw for free ? 
  the money is not used to pay pensions , but it is used to prevent the greek state from going bankrupt and as such being unable to pay pensions for example, 
  what the heck does the german trade surplus have to do with this ? 
  taz does not belong on that list, 
  it still increases prices for gas for example and for all sorts of electronics . 
  also wages do n't increase nearly as much as the low exchange rates are eating away at purhasing power . 
  unemployment also has been low for years and honestly a little increase in unemployment would n't be a huge issue, 
  no shit ? 
  if interest rates are lowered debt gets cheaper ? 
  colour me suprised . 
  also low interest is a double edged sword . 
  we also see housing prices bubble , we are seeing imports getting more expensive , we are seeing retirees eating away more rapidly at their funds . 
   it 's not as if sch\u00e4uble has ever demanded austerity for his own house . 
  no sch\u00e4uble is just the guy that is super insistent on germany not creating new debt and that has safeguarded his black zero for his entire time as finmin . 
  if he wanted to garner votes he would expose a more hardline stance on greece , not a less hardline stance . 
  and honestly i do not think most germans understand why the imf even has to be there . 
  cheap euro makes gas for me more expensive . 
  low interest makes the financial situation of my grandma tough . 
  in general the low euro does n't benefit me as a person at all . 
  i am just feeling the effect of imports being more expensive . 
  it also lead to the german export surplus balooning . 
  and the misery continues . 
  this really is not healthy, 
  there is nothing on there saying that pious kurds should n't join it . 
  it is saying though that the pkk is `` godless and immoral '' . 
  honestly as much as i dislike erdogan that brochure is not wrong . 
  i am pretty sure singles ca n't adopt either . 
   but what the dickens does blocking adoption to same-sex marriage buy ? 
  party identity . 
  the cdu in particular has moved quite a bit to the left in recent times and this is one of the core policies for the more strictly conservative wing of the party . 
  the people that are against gay marriage simply care a lot more about the issue than those that do n't if you are looking at potential cdu/csu suppporters . 
  uhm the csu has not changed its position on gay marriage ? 
  conservative policy ? 
  it is not like there are anti gay laws in germany . 
  just not all the same rights for homoesexual couples . 
  and honestly insisting to call it marriage is n't really necessary in my oppinion . 
  the point is that a large portion of the people not opposed to gay marriage simply do n't care enough to change their vote on this issue . 
  the actual problem is to get to a western european central station . 
  zagreb munich is 9 hours . 
  munich london is 11 hours ( via paris ) . 
  i do n't think it is necessarily a moot point , but you obviously ca n't force all sermons to be in german . 
  that causes too many issues . 
  what i could see is the need for a german translation of the sermons maybe ? 
  ( in written form ) and i think asking of these priests , imams , etc. 
  to speak german is not an extreme demand . 
  what does the csu have to lose from also applying these rules to christianity ? 
  latin sermons have n't been a thing in decades, 
  in the same vein you can also just eliminate most dialects that existed within germany to the point where today most people in germany speak standard german . 
  that said these dialects are not really mutually intelligible if spoken very thickly . 
  best seen today with luxembourgish or heavy swiss dialects .
