  while this is partly because of the actions of the german government , it is not that simple . 
  it is also because of german culture . 
  it is impossible to take the nation of italy and for the government to pass laws to turn it into germany . 
  there are some things that the italian government can do , but it will never be competitive with germany if its currency is fixed . 
  right there is a difference in culture , but it is undeniable that germany underwent reforms to get into a more competitive place and that italy did not undergo this process and that in part due to these reforms unemployment in germany is low for german standards , while unemployment in italy is high for italian standards . 
  as for the uk events during black wednesday i am not familiar enough with the events to comment why the system did not work out . 
  i do not think that the uk and germany are fundamentally too far apart to share a currency though . 
  that said issues with the currency are also plaguing germany and german banks in particular and it is also undeniable that if germany still had the bundesbank in charge we would have seen raises in interest rates that germany is looking to . 
  we 'd also have a stronger currency which would naturally reduce the trade imbalance . 
   this . 
  the only way it would have worked is if there were huge fiscal transfers . 
  but this was and is politically completely unfeasible . 
  i think the easier/better solution would have been to have a smaller union and one that is tighter politically . 
  local representatives are generally one by every party , but others might get in via list . 
  then you run into the issue that some rationale and data/fact driven decisions are jsut going against the emotions of the people . 
  people then will decry the lack of emotion . 
  this way of policy making is what brought a good chunk of this mess ( not that i think it is bad , in fact it is how i wish it would be ), 
  nobody wants to have a debate on national identity in germany . 
  maybe you have different left wing parties in the uk , but i have never heard that viewpoint from any relevant german left wing party, 
  but if they want to argue they should come with arguments , with different proposals on what to do . 
  i do n't think anyone has a problem with people presenting differing oppinions in a rational way , but providing solutions that seem easy while actually being impractical or anlawful is absolutely useless . 
  if they think they have a better solution than the established parties they should present it , but beforehand actually make the effort to find out what the government is working on . 
  a lot of people organized in these protest parties seem woefully uninformed . 
  oh right now absolutely not . 
  but if relations deteriorate a lot further we might see it happening. , but that would require a vey significant worsening, 
  northern italy also does n't have the issues nearly as big as soutehrn italy . 
  i agree though that reducing/stagnating wages is the painful way to go . 
  a lot of this unemployment is not really just a matter of the eu , but a matter influenced very heavily by national governments . 
  otherwise would n't we see unemployment go up across the union and not in some countries a lot more than in others ? 
  it is not even that just the rich countries have low unemployment in fact many of the poorer countries have among the lowest unemployment . 
  i can see that the eurozone has some , possibly fatal , flaws , but i think the biggest is that it is a fiscal union between states that are not economically equal . 
  it makes sense for germany and the netherlands or germany and austria to share a currency . 
  it does not make sense for germany and greece to share a currency . 
  for me a large part of the blame also lies with southern european states where interest rate on government bonds dramatically fell on the assumption that states in the north would bail them out if worst comes to worst and that that was abused . 
  then how else do you reduce debt ? 
  italy had been overspending for quite a long time before too . 
  the 2008 crisis just exposed a lot of weakness . 
  in general gdp nominal is extremely exchange rate dependent . 
  gdp ppp also leaves us with russia as the second largest economy in europe ( behind germany ) ahead of the uk and france, 
  one of the last few successful export destinations ?!, 
  germany has a postitive trade balance with roughly 3/4 of the world ... 
  germany has a 50 billion trade surplus with the uk, 
  people use that word for smartphones aswell, 
  right and that lack of processing facilities was because the first country of entry did not just want to get stuck with everyone arriving so ressources to build those facilities do n't get poold . 
  saying less than 5 % would get approved is also a number that is set far too low . 
  approval rates are hovering around 40-45 % especially syrians ( which make up ~ 30-35 % of arrivals ) have an extremely high aproval rate, 
  colouring the map after absolute numbers of people arrived is just stupid . 
  if anything this maps shows where the largest german states are population wise ... 
  i think the point behind these quotas is that you can set up a sysem where you can check people at the outer eu border and decline and deport them there where appropriate . 
  for this to be a viable option though you need a plan for what happens with those approved . 
  well but austria, 
  no greece did n't have the ressources to pull it off , but you ca n't tell me that france or the uk do n't have this kind of ressources . 
  i think also that where these people want to go should n't really be of major importance . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_german-austria if wikipedia is an acceptable source, 
  of course that tweet was dumb . 
  it was probably from someone in the bubble of the whole process for whom that was not a terribly special thing to say . 
  the implications of starting to deport people again under the dublin treaties to hungary and greece . 
  at least that was what i was referencing . 
  i do n't really see that happen practically though . 
  i do think we need a different solution going forward though . 
  is it really the right thing to do to use hundreds of thousands of people as pawns in a political game ? 
  dublin was formally suspended temporarily for syrians after the deal with austria and hungary . 
  factually it was suspended already before, 
  it is in the modern sense . 
  it is not in the sense of the mid 1800s . 
  no i know what the dublin regulations mean . 
  the point is that the dublin deportations ( which i admitetedly shortened in my former response ) were already factually not happening before these speeches and the tweet as they failed in german courts . 
  that tweet just stated that , which was not exactly news when you were familiar with the matter . 
  people just were n't . 
  germany closing its borders was also not really politically viable from pressure from the inside and also with the pressure from hungary . 
  germany absolutely was not the only country with the ressources to handle it . 
  germany just was one of the few countries that was actually willing to pour ressources into it , to take responsibility, 
  that tweet from bamf precedes said `` deal '' by a good week though . 
  the tweet also merely stated a reality . 
  dublin had already stopped being enforced well before that . 
   while suspension of dublin regulation did not started migration crisis ( it was just continuation of eu impotence in solving problems for years ) it certainly motivated many more migrants to move to europe . 
  but germany ca n't force greece and hungary to better the situation in their refugee camps which was in rather large parts what brought the dublin regulation down . 
  there was also the problem that german bureocracy was largely not equipped to deal with this large an influx . 
  it needs time to rebuild the personel . 
   yes , though it can prevent turning your country in to a country that `` ca n't provide a human-right respecting treatment '' . 
  of course there is that limit . 
  that said all limits that are proposed are far far below where states would struggle to provide human right respecting treatment should they try . 
  the biggest problem with the upper limtie that are proposed is though that there is no plan what is supposed to happen once that limit is reached . 
  what bugs me about the whole situation the most though is that i think at least that it would not be terribly hard to solve in unity and not with european states infighting . 
  different taxes might also . 
  for example in austra you have 20 % vat and in germany you have 20 % vat, 
  in the us everyone speaks the same language and thats not true for the eu . 
  you cant just move to germany and get a job withiut knowing german, 
  it was also a terribly leading question, 
  because those religions have no significant amount of followers ? 
   germans need to understand , that being german is not defined by language funnily that used to be the only definition of german for quite a long time . 
  divided we fall, 
  nrw is the largest state in germany . 
  if it were its own state it 'd be the 8th largest state in the eu a bit larger than the netherlands in terms of populaton, 
  i think a lot of people here want more from people to integrate than just following the laws, 
  and north rhine westphalia has an even larger population density at 524 per sq km, 
  this is all under the assumption that there wo n't be a bailout and that deutsche collapses . 
  germany has a government hellbent on achieving spending without a deficit . 
  the `` schwarze null '' which is huge for sch\u00e4uble . 
  we also had the agenda 2010 ...
