  oktoberfest is in munich, 
  i just pointed out the very first basic things that would collapse if you put the entire world population into new york . 
  i also never said that germany should take in more people , i only said germany could and i do n't think you can really debate that . 
  for example i do n't think there would be a huge outcry about massive numbers of refugees if we had to take for example 3 million french people because of a nuclear disaster for example . 
  as for why not overseas refugee camps : the people are here . 
  we ca n't easily change that . 
  the eu outer borders are not guarded . 
  yes , but you also have the issue that it simply is impossible to deport someone where his life is in danger or he is in dnager of being tortured no matter how big an arsehole he is, 
  but it involved nato boots on the ground did n't it ? 
  you said you wanted another dayton accords , but with which parties would you want to sign such a treaty ? 
  also what do you suggest we do on russian support for assad ? 
  so you want a nato boots on the ground operation in syria to remove assad ? 
  no it could not simply because water and food supply would break down instantaneously for example, 
  that is only about having physical place for these people and really just the physical place for people to stand . 
  thank you that was basically my point . 
  germany could take in 12 million people . 
  it would create extreme effects , but germany would not cease to exist . 
  do n't you think that if germany had to it could harbor more people ? 
  like if we absolutely needed to ? 
  i am not saying we should do it , i just say it would be possible . 
  well the median wage of the czech republi is lower than the median wage in belgium or the netherlands, 
  and how so ? 
  when has the germarn government issued a media ban ? 
  turks are just the biggest group in germany . 
  there are more people of turkish descent in germany than there are people in latvia and estonia combined, 
  i jus said that it would be possible if the will is there . 
  for example if for some reason austria became uninhabitable i am sure you would be able to find places for 8 million austrians in germany . 
  imagine if there would be a catastrophic nuclear accident in nogent ( 60 km southeast of paris ) releasing a nuclear cloud heading towards paris . 
  we could surely spread millions of frenchmen if that were to happen . 
  if there was some sort of catastrophic event in europe germany could surely create more capacities . 
  well germany certainly could take more with more drastic measures . 
  germany took in 12 million people after the war ... 
  and i am fairly certain that those deportations would be overturned by the bvg . 
  this ( https://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/shareddocs/entscheidungen/de/2008/02/rk20080212_2bvr214106.html ) is a fairly interesting case in my oppinion for example . 
  it is in german tho . 
  in the end probably judging each case on its own is probably the best . 
  and by attracting fanatics you push away those in the middle, 
  who is not the ones driving the narrative ? 
  currently the cdu surely has the platform to tell their narrative and in a way that a lot more people will listen to than what the pegdia and afd do, 
  yes , but still if more stuff like this happens , the cdu jus will shift a bit more to the right again on the topic and people will elect them . 
  chances are you get a lot more stable government from that . 
  just look at what is happening in poland atm, 
  well yeah but at least the rhetoric is changing . 
  there is basically no chance for a fixed upper limit tho ( simply because of the problem of what happens when the n +1 person comes with legitimate claim to asylum ), 
   indeed , but there are better ways to do it and ways to avoid getting unnecessary amounts of economic migrants along with refugees . 
  we could pick them up from camps and checking their background and their eligibility for refugee status prior to allowing them in . 
  also we should actively prevent traffickers to ship migrants across the mediterranean . 
  yes that is the reason the eu is trying to implement the hotspots so that you can process the applications of the people and deport them if they do n't have a claim to asylum and to get rid of the chaos that currently holds . 
   are we not getting a majority of young male immigrants from the middle east and north africa ? 
  and has the german government not admitted that many of them are not qualified to work or integrate in the foreseeable future ? 
  those are coming mostly to apply for asylum and will have to be sent back if they do n't qualify . 
  also yes the majority does n't have a direct degree , but considering the amount of trouble we had with eastern european degrees it is not suprising that the vast majority of people from the arab world will have trouble aswell . 
  also when you got to flee you do n't necessarily take your university certificates with you . 
  it is also tough to verify those certificates with universities that may be in a war zone  i never said punish them all nor did i ever say to kick them all out , i l saying we should ask for proper checks on alleged refugees and that we should stop allowing economic migrants to get in illegally . 
  they are still welcome to come legally and i still think we should get refugees but there must be more control , enough of this nonsensical `` all welcome '' approach based on emotion . 
  yes i absolutely agree that we need proper checks ( hence hotspots ) . 
  i also fully agree that people that come here purely on economic reasons will have to be sent back ( this is btw also the official line of the german government ) . 
  also the geneva convention specifially mentions that you ca n't punish those that seek asylum for illegally entering your country . 
  saying they are still welcome to come legally is honestly a bit cynic considering that there are basically no legal ways to flee to the eu also keep in mind that this was all directed at people coming here to apply for asylum . 
  immigration to work like under the eu blue card or inner european migration is a whole different topic, 
  yes , but if pegida and the afd act like that they do n't have any chance to get into a government, 
  yes but to gain enough traction you need voters . 
  voters you push away with actions like these . 
  yes , if you use nazi rhetorics you will be called a nazi . 
  the same as if you use communist rhetoric you will be called a communist . 
  it is right to call people that act like nazis nazis or is n't it ? 
   make it clear that refugees will never be granted citizenship and will have to return to their homeland . 
  but that is what is happening for the most part ( well they can be granted citizenship ) . 
  most people that fled to germany from the jugoslav wars returned or were forced to leave . 
   create un refugee shelters at the logical entry points to the eu well the eu ( with our government at the forefront ) is trying to create those so called hotspots in italy and greece . 
  those countries heavily oppose these . 
  granted those would be eu institutions and not un ones tho . 
  these also would have the goal of redistributing people across europe so the burden is n't only left to be shouldered mostly by greece and italy . 
   one strike and you 're deported policy for misdemeanours . 
  and make this very clear to the migrants , that even a small infraction will lead to immediate deportation . 
  so you want to deport people for crossing a redlight ? 
  or how do you define an infraction ? 
  these laws are also already in the process of being changed by lowering the bar necessary for a deportation ( and yes 3 years as the required sentence is definitely too high ), 
   we do not need them and do not benefit from them . 
  yes that is absolutely true but we accepted international obligations when our states signed the geneva conventions . 
  that does n't mean we have to take everyone from all the world but it means that if someone comes to a european country with a legitimate claim to asylum we have to grant it . 
   unlimited immigration of young , uneducated men from extremely conservative and religious countries is nonsense i totally agree on that and gladly that is not happening . 
   a thousand immigrants committing crimes is a thousand too many , the well-being and safety of europeans should be prioritised over that of foreigners . 
  any crime commited is one crime to many . 
  also it is extremely draconic to punish 1 million people for the crimes that 1000 commited . 
   last time i checked they came into the eu illegally , that into itself is absurd well there are basically no legal ways to get into the eu, 
  is n't what germany is currently trying a more moderate approach ? 
  the refugees welcome rhetoric is already getting replaced by one trying to contain the number . 
  honestly moderate is one word i certainly would use to describe the german government . 
  granted a lot of people see that differently here , but in most cases the german government under merkel has pushed for rather moderate solutions . 
  yes but in domestic politics in germany it just voids your voice simply because nobody listens to people openly wanting to apply violence . 
  well maybe the police will and arrest the people ... 
  it also makes you completely unrelatable to the majority of people . 
  if you try to win the public over this is certainly not the way to do it, 
  so the press is freeest in central europe and scandinavia ? 
  i highly doubt putin admires any western leader, 
  the first polls conductedin 2016 show no change really in what parties people are electing ( so far we have results from emnid and insa ) see wahlrecht.de, 
  gender-equal probably means that not only men get drafted but wonmen aswell . 
  bl\u00f6d is a german word that means something in the direction of silly , stupid and it is a play of words that bild and bl\u00f6d look similar, 
  there are but not remotely comparable to the size you would find in canada .
