  and can you tell me to what international waters you want to return them to if turkey does n't want to take them back ? 
  if you wanted to absolutely keep everyone out you do n't need the australian but rather you would need the gdr solution . 
  it is honestly relieving that we have real diplomats . 
  i feel like people on this sub sometimes would just want to wage war against russia or turkey . 
  no but australia also has international waters it can return boats to not the waters of another state that does n't agree with it . 
  also yes the eu could effectively secure the border if it had the wall . 
  you could a system similarly to what the gdr had at the inner german border, 
  yes because the hre simply was n't a unified government it did n't have the power over its members and of course a unified state will be more impactful . 
  for example all us states made laws themselves and washington only had very limited power the us also owuld n't be an effective state . 
   in other words when peace and prosperity ran out , there was no reason to be united anymore . 
  no , unity was born out of a desire for peace and prosperity that was n't there before . 
  unity was created so a war could n't happen again , that the carnage that we saw in ww2 wo n't happen again . 
  also your whole post reads more like a giant rant against germany than anything about european nationalism . 
  yes but that is also the reason why people are not so prone to pay for others mistake simply because you have no political influence over the other countries . 
  the problem is a fiscal union is hard to work without a transfer union and a transfer union is hard to work when there is no such big sense of belonging together and if that transfer is so very heavily skewed towards some countries . 
  the us are also fairly similar that they are both a collection of states that unified to form one country . 
  the us is actually an older state than germany . 
  if you want to compare the eu to something it probably compares better to the hre than to an actual state, 
  it 's like saying the roads are free . 
  or sending your children to school is free . 
  of course these things are paid by taxes ... 
  that 's just not true . 
  real earnings increased by quite a lot , the biggest increase since that is measured . 
  and the eu does n't even span half of europe . 
  the european part of russia is almost as big as the eu . 
  the big difference between the eu and the usa is that the usa is one state while the eu is a confederation of states . 
  if you want to compare the us it is more reasonable to compare the us to germany as a single state . 
  but the states are not doing a fiscal policy alone . 
  fiscal policy is still made from washington . 
  how is germany benefitting from reece suffering . 
  in general germany is built a lot on export so a booming greek economy seems to be a lot more in the interest of germany . 
  i do n't htink we need a concept of european nationalism , as a concept similar to the german nationalism of the 19th century , i think what we need is more intergovernmental cooperation . 
  one thing i need is to close the fissures between our countries more . 
  today france is one of the countries i feel most connected to which just 100 years would have been unimaginable . 
  actually i think the biggest issue ( apart from language barriers ) is the fissure going through europe along the iron curtain , dividing europe into west and east to this day . 
  i doubt this will go away anytime soon . 
  i am actually fairly certain we will still see this in a hundred years , but ending the enmity seems to be one of the pivotal elements at least to me . 
  it basically works that the l\u00e4nder have to pay a certain amount in that then gets redistributed . 
  i do n't know how the system works in the us or in belgium/canada . 
  it certainly is an automatic mechanism . 
  also yes the east german l\u00e4nder are all receivers , but the major investions were done outside of the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich, 
  the netherlands are the country germany has the highest trade deficit with tho !, 
  but they area also both governed by the same central government . 
  you have these transfer mechanisms aswell within germany . 
  america as a country compares better to germany than to europe . 
  so we should use german tax money to finance greek overspending ? 
  how about we invest it into our own infrastructure ? 
  well you have a higher standard of living when you work than when you are unemployed . 
  and if industry and production are relocated away from germany who is going to pay taxes for pensions , healthcare and school here ? 
  man you can see the outline of the gdr well on this map, 
  people can also move to germany . 
  also a lot of production is already outsorced to poland or the czech republic . 
  i think the problem is that the discussion is too emotionally loaded . 
  i think you should set up camps to register and decide ifpeople can get asylum in europe and then redistribute them . 
  do n't ask them if they like it just tell them where they are going to be brought . 
  bayern is not only the csu, 
   even now , the germans are less wealthier than the greeks , on average . 
  but i do n't know if the greeks have huge savings , it may be their houses . 
  that seems like that would be a function of renting being very common and there just not being that high a quota of house owners as a result, 
  you still have the problem that occurs when you get economies that are heavily differing in economic strength under the same currentcy . 
  yeah all those pesky jobs in poland . 
  but if you want go ahead seize everything and create a communist utopia . 
  go leave and create your own union , if you do n't like it , with billions of tansfer paid out every year, 
  if millions were to enter the uk that would menas tens of millions would come and get accepted it would literally require every person with somewhat a claim to asylum showing up at the border of europe which frankly is unrealistic, 
  they are basically as close to a nazi party as you can legally be . 
  well i could see that for the vast majority it is more outrageous that your allies are spying onto you than that russia is fighting a propaganda war . 
  the spying also was something way clearer where you could create hysteria , whereas this is a lot less clear , a lot more muddy . 
  disclaimer : this is not my oppinion , but this is at least how i think the general public often sees it . 
  no but there has been a very recent offensive onto aleppo, 
  i would say the argument can be made for both . 
  if you use the term central europe i count germany among it , but very often it is just western and eastern europe , basicaly along the iron curtain and germany is on the western side of that, 
  in theory ? 
  yes . 
  people could claim welfare and would n't have to live on the streets . 
  what tone do you mean ? 
  it is most likely that the core of the eu wo n't go anywhere . 
  even if the eu were to fall apart i would be highly suprised if a mini eu across the states he mentioned would n't prevail, 
  are n't migrants literally dividing central europe ? 
  we have austria and germany on the one side and the likes of poland , hungary and the czech republic on the other side . 
  well when you force everyone in a city to leave the city is fairly empty . 
  after all you just forced everyone to leave, 
  i do n't think merkel uses twitter, 
  how so ? 
  germany did n't force the excess spending on greece what ultimately caused the state to be in such a bad shape when the global financial crisis hit . 
  you do n't have an opposition in germany for being a big spender or being the biggest contributor in the eu . 
  what people have a problem with if economies like greece fuck up and then this has to be paid for with german tax money, 
  one big issue i still see is the big economic inequality within the eu . 
  kaliningrad lost so much during the war tho . 
  it took until the 80s for the city to regain its 1939 population numbers . 
  actually that seems to apply for a lot of the annexed german cities in western poland aswell . 
  you know that you have the right to live and work in berlin as an eu citizen ? 
  imperial russia had allies for the longest times . 
  you can look at the world wars or the napoleonic wars for example in all these russia was fighting on the side of an alliance, 
  how does russia have access to the mediteranean or the atlantic ? 
  the bosporus is still turkey and the baltic sea is separating them from the atlantic . 
  i am not sending anyone back . 
  i tell them where they are assigned . 
  if they do n't want to stay in asylum in europe well nobody forces them to stay here . 
  well there are only 9 eu states with a gdp higher than half a trillion ... 
  to wherever they came from .
