  do n't try to come with reason into the circlejerk against germany ... 
  yeah saying that you are sad the kzs are no longer in use . 
  totally not a nazi thing to say ... 
  if you rally behind nazis it is fair to call them nazis in my oppinion . 
  and you know people know that it is a bad idea to ban pegida . 
  as the article states it would only reinforce radicalisation aswell as escalate the conflict which can not be the goal . 
  well in sharp contrast to hungary austria is taking a lot of refugees in, 
  why ? 
  merkel is constantly pushing for a european solution . 
  but a solution can not be that all the people just get funneled north towards austria , germany or sweden, 
  i think blaming the eu is something that mostly happens in smaller countries . 
  i never heard any politician in germany blame the eu , but then again germany has quite a bit of power in the eu, 
  merkel has been for increasing the controls at the outer borders , but that can be only part of a solution and countries straight up refusing being a part of a solution is not solidaric either, 
  the issue i see with it is that a lot of especially eastern european countries just do n't want to take in a part of te refugees . 
  honestly i would just be happy if we could coordinate between germany and austria better, 
  ca n't that retard finally retire ? 
  yeah i think so too . 
  i think that part of the reason why the support in germany is comparably low is that it is just not really a topic here, 
  you also have that line along the former iron curtain, 
  i still remember my music teacher singing it to us while playing it on the piano . 
  mind you that was in west germany a good 15 years after the fall of the soviet union . 
  just a majestic anthem, 
  i would say austria , but maybe that qualifies as cheating :d, 
  when prague was a crucible of cultures . 
  also yes bohemia was one of the powerful kingdoms in the holy roman empire and traditionally one of the kingdoms that elected the emperor . 
  i think it is sad what happened in much of eastern or central europe if you will during soviet times . 
  in what world is stripping eight million people of their homes and possesions just minor inconvenience ? 
  i never claimed that poland had much of a say . 
  i just claimed that poland annexed thoe territories and that is just a fact . 
  again i can stress that it is not about the fucking land but rather the people that were forced to flee and who aparently countries just want to forget about . 
  why ? 
  tell me why is it so irrelevant apparantly that more than eight million germans were forced to fllee out of the territories annexed by poland ? 
  why do thes people paparently matter so little ? 
  they may have not made the decision but still the territories got annexed by poland ... 
  still that is not the point . 
  i just do n't like that i feel the people that were forced to flee ( and they had to flee from the poles aswell ) are being forgotten . 
  i do n't care so much about lost territories , but more about the people that got their belongings sacked and were cleansed from their homes . 
  i can understand why it happened , but that does n't make it right in my oppinion . 
  sorry , but the sentiment that poland annexed nothing is just factually wrong ( here if you want to read up on the territories that were annexed by poland : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/former_eastern_territories_of_germany ) also i am not complaining to the poles . 
  i am not complaining that these lands got taken , what pisses me off that the germans that fled and were cleansed out of their cities apparently do n't matter . 
  yes and still millions were forced to flee . 
  i just hate that this is something that is apparently irrlevant, 
  they were moved to germany not back to germany . 
  they never lived in the now territory of . 
  germany before ... 
  if you expect a seriously different government in germany yyou will most likely be disappointed . 
  so , ewhat biased is somewhat an understatement, 
  and i am fairly better that nobody talks about the millions of germans cleansed out of now poland . 
  oh and poland also annexed a quarter of germany, 
  and 150 years ago there was no germany . 
  also i think we know what came off the situation in germany 90 years ago . 
  i have heard this guy from austria a. hitler is a person that supports a highly anti immigration extremely nationalistic view . 
  maybe he is more your taste, 
  a journalist can have his own opinion in fact everyone can . 
  the ard has to be neutral overall , but that does not mean reporters cant have oppinions . 
  if a reporter of the ard for example expressed that he is for deporting everyone would you have found that bad ? 
  i expect german polish relations to suffer significantly again, 
  alets make a new eu without easstern europe . 
  also a lot more leveled in terms of economic strength, 
  well prague once was a great city, 
  seventy years ago germany wasnt pretty either . 
  well i still feel that a significantly bigger problem was how it was interpreted and that other european countries apparently dont give a fuck about refugees . 
  also keep in mind that when!erkel went public saying the dublin deportations will be suspended that was already the situation because the situation in the camps were deemed inhumane, 
  who said they get a choice ? 
  dont try to argue with human rights . 
  this sub doesnt really give a fuck on human rights, 
  it really is a bad odea to have a german flair on / r/europe ... 
  so you are for compulsory quotas ? 
  you know that that fence wont happen because for that youd need something like a majority in parliament . 
  also merkel said repearedly that she is against such a fence, 
  so all the power to the media and basically make it into a propaganda war ? 
  well merkel is not nearly that extreme . 
  she is more mostly reacting and yes she does often what the people want . 
  well i guess we have to thank the british for that at least in part, 
  no the allies did that, 
  and all those leaders have a democratic mandate, 
  the uk is just doing jack shit in the eu . 
  they just us their opt out of everything . 
  you know that is just the german constitution . 
  she can not change that . 
  especially because that is part of the german constitution that has an eternity clause . 
  the european charta of human rights says the same so does the geneva convention of 1951 . 
  sure you have to discourage and send back if they come people coming for purely economical reasons that doesnt change the fact that the basic right to asylum knows no upper limit . 
  merkel does n't have any dictatorial powers . 
  still in the eu the states agreed to cede some of their sovereign rights and if they do n't like it they can always leave the union . 
  germany and merkel are just at the forefront but keep in mind that only 4 countries voted against the last quota with 23 voting for it . 
  the only thing germany did was to openly say that syrians will not be deported back according to dublin instead of just doing it that way ( because those dublin deportations would have been ruled unconstitutional because of art 1 gg ) germany is apparently one of the onlycountries that actively takes in refugees ( just as your country by the way ) instead of just redirecting the burden onto so called `` partners '', 
  you know that most of western europe stands behind germany ? 
  germany ca n't do shit alone we have to rally other countries behind us aswlel, 
  then no benefits for them and deport them back if they come, 
  no the problem is that the airlines wo n't take them with because if a person without proper documentation would enter and declined asylum the airline has to pay for returning them effectively leading to airlines just not taking people without visa, 
  or we do the eastern european way and send them to italy !, 
  well german dubbing got good because there is enough demand for that . 
  most films are produced in english and a lot of those are relevant to the german ( austrian , swiss ) market so they get dubbed . 
  films mostly get dubbed because it makes economical sense to do so, 
  well denying that french is a widely relevant language is just stupid . 
  french has significantly more speakers than german ( tho less native speakers ), 
  yeah , french is only the fifth most spoken language of the world clearly a dead language !, 
  holy crap that 's a lot . 
  in germany there were 23 different governments since 1949 under 8 different chancellors .
