  well and in the case of germany this is fully on purpose . 
  just look at greman history and you know why that is that way . 
  also the broomstick thing is mostly a joke imo, 
  the times where a pole is happy about germany increasing its military :d, 
  yeah retarded might be the wrong word and i probably use it that way mostly because i learned/practiced english via the internet or online games . 
  i just feel that generally people tend to single out germany especially in regards to trade surplus . 
  just look at comments in this thread saying stuff like the german government think rules are for everyone else . 
  no but that makes it retarded to only single out germany, 
  well this is because you do n't want people to feel good about the war so you do n't focus on the initial german success, 
  well there was war for pretty long there ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_wars ) , but also poverty is an issue there . 
  this is what a lot of people refer to as refugees for economic reasons and these are the kind of refugees a lot of people have problems with . 
  they clog up the asylum system making it a lot slower and most of the time get rejected anyways . 
  a pretty big part of asylum seekers coming to germany are coming to balkans . 
  kosovo and albania are the second and third most common country of origin ( amounting to a total of 49000 approximately ) whereas syria is the country of origin with the most asylum seekers with around 32000 until june source : http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/154287/umfrage/hauptherkunftslaender-von-asylbewerbern/ edit : the article also mentions the figures of `` in the first five months of 2015 , 26,250 refugees from syria applied for asylum in germany , according to government figures . 
  some 29,747 migrants from kosovo applied , alongside 16,250 from albania and 13,502 from serbia . '', 
  the refusal rate also extremely highly ranges from country of origin and a lot of these statistics come from the high number of people coming from the balkans . 
  i just feel like it is so wrong to in any way decline people that seek asylum because they get represesed for their oppinion , their religion or their race ( as much as using this term disgusts me ) . 
  i just feel like germany has a duty to take those people in . 
  people fleeing from economic problems is a lot different and in a way a lot more complicated . 
  it is still massive . 
  you inject a number of refugees that amounts to more than 15 % of the entire population into a country that was war ridden . 
  see i just do n't like it that it is seen as completely fine to deport germans from eastern europe , germans whose families lived in these territories for centuries . 
  see this is probably a bit hard to argue rational for me because frankly it is a kinda emotional topic for me . 
  see it is absolutely atrocious what happened under the nazi regime and should not be tolerated , but how can you justify deporting millions of germans ? 
  how is it right to strip them from their property and force them to leave from where they were living and maybe what bothers me the most is how is this different than deporting jews or slavs ? 
  also please do n't hate me for what i write , this is a reply that is driven mostly by emotion and i also deviated from the original topic . 
  well this is less an oppinion of the german government , but rather a position of the german society , basically a result of the holocaust, 
  there are no hitler statues to make selfies with : /, 
  being anti asylum and anti immagration gets you branded as a nazi pretty quickly in germany . 
  see i think that a lot of what the people against asylum say is blatant racism but they really get labelled quickly as that . 
  and being labled right wing or a nazi basically makes your political oppinion irrelevant here, 
  does them being german make them any less refugees ? 
  austria imposed the ultimatum onto serbia ( that was intentionally unacceptable ) to start a war with serbia . 
  then russia mobilized against austria hungary and the day afer against germany . 
  as a reaction to this a `` state of danger of war '' leading to general mobilization aswell . 
  that caused austria-hungary to call in general mobilization aswell . 
  germany then asked france to stay neutral to decide which plan for deployment they had to use . 
  this lead to germany deploying a lot of troops in the west and ultimately declaring war on france preemptively . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i#july_crisis this is not about being apoloptic , but rather about clarifying that it certainly was not sole german war fault . 
  this was something the french pushed for majorly because of the humiliation of the 1870/71 war . 
  also generally the problem in central europe was that germany basically emerged as a new big power a power that could threaten france and france certainly felt threatened aswell as germany felt threatened by the russian-french alliance ( something bismarck fervently faught for not happening ) and a two front war . 
  germany was just a new powerful state a new state in central europe emerged that suddenly was the biggest state in that reason that was a pretty big problem for the balance of power in europe edit : also a war 's fault lies always with the party that loses it, 
  english is the language the rest is depending on where you are in europe . 
  specifically for business in europe i would probably say russian because chances are pretty high that bigger business when they do n't speak english speak russian, 
  certainly not , but this does n't change that ww1 was started by austria, 
  because that was such an eloquent statement from him ? 
  how should you argue properly with that ? 
  well world war 1 was started by austria and not by germany . 
  also remember the racial segregation and the massicre on the native americans ? 
  well thats what the jugendwort is . 
  it is usually a joke, 
  during and post ww2 by by soviets with the polish did just take the stuff that was expropriated from the germans in gdansk . 
  also with danzig only falling in march 45 it doesnt make that big of a difference anyways considering the surrender was just 2 month later, 
  well according to the 1923 census danzig had a population of 335.000 . 
  of those 327.000 were german . 
  those germans were cleansed out of gdansk by the soviets and the poles post ww2, 
  yeah sometimes it just feels so wrong to me that even tho terrible atrocities were commited by germans nobody is talking about what happened to the german minorities in eastern europe . 
  first as a child from lodz where she was born as part of the german minority there . 
  after world war 2 they were forced to flee to the dresden area . 
  then again in 1959 they fled again this time to west germany . 
  see my grandma ( or better my great grandma ) lost everything they were forced out of their homes after ww2 just for the crime of being germans . 
  see i can see why it happened but just because therewere reasons does n't make it right or at least we should be able to talk about it without being seen as nazis . 
  well yeah but then 2.58 $ is way too much for a beer . 
  if you mix up supermarket and bar pries is just weird . 
  the graphic says it used pintprice.com , which seemingly looks at prices in bars . 
  what ? 
  merkel made clear she backed maas and definitely did not back range in the affair, 
  well the remaing german population in the territories that were given to poland post was expellee ... 
  well for the poles it worked . 
  just look at danzig for example, 
  well that happens if you force all the germans out the country, 
  oh i can assure you i am all but a fan of tsipras, 
  well a lot of people stiill seem to be fns of tsipras, 
  yeah thats why we had a dept cut and continously increased maturity on greek debt ... 
  actually this is more about changing how greece works than about punishment . 
  you ca n't runa country on a 15 % gdp deficit, 
  tsipras was elected on a basis that was basically impossible to get the demands through tho . 
  see we could elect a government that demands that nobody should pay taxes but that still would n't be possible, 
  what is wrong with there to be a platform where nations can speak ? 
  of course it does not have real power but without the veto rights the un could not exist because some states just would n't want to be a part of it ( hint : russia , us , china ), 
  if finland is so worried about russia why is finland not part of nato ? 
  well but is n't the entire point of nato to be united against the ussr/russia ? 
  why risk my life when i can move ? 
  i am not skilled to fight and as / u/icapica said . 
  i like living where i live , but i like living more . 
  well the other countries can not simply give in to greece trying to extort them . 
  give us money , but we do n't do anything for it doesnt seem sensible to me, 
  capital controls could have been avoided if the deal could have been finalized when the referendum was called and syriza quitnegotiations, 
  well it seems like that is what the greek government wanted ... 
  yes and they somehow thought they were in a position of power , they completely fucked up negotitiations which led to the banks shutdown and to the controls . 
  they had two options : stay in the euro and accept the measures or leave and do their own thing . 
  somehow they wanted to stay and still do their own thing which seems like it was impossible . 
  the referendum was called so fucking late tho . 
  they could have done that a month earlier and everyone would have been fine with it . 
  also do i understand you correctly that the french and the german government should have pushed more for greece to default and exit the euro ? 
  if you extend it to syriza didnt do anything positive than it might be more accurate, 
  well there was theoption but you canonly bend the rules somuch, 
  capital controls were the direct resultof syriza ending the negotiations because they wanted the referendum that they promptly ingored thereafter, 
  and what exactly did it achieve ? 
  there is even a friggin / s xd,
