  but it is not europe helping . 
  it is germany , sweden , austria ... 
  this time without opt outs or rebates though . 
  the eu wo n't give the eu a deal akin to switzerlands, 
   british people would still be able to live , travel , study and buy homes on the continent but the same rights would not be automatically extended to eu citizens in the uk , he wrote . 
  britain would also be freed from sending `` a substantial sum of money '' to the eu budget , which he said `` could '' be used for the nhs . 
  my goodness this is fucking ridiculous . 
  oh i wo n't hate you . 
  i would agree with you . 
  it is happening in large parts to refugees . 
   financed by the kgb recently the kgb does not exist anymore ( well belarus still has the kgb ) . 
  if anything i would expect the svr to engage in such actions . 
  we are talking about the earlier days of the crisis think 2010/2011 . 
  at that point the risk of contagion was a huge point against having greece default . 
  also i am prey sure the eurozone could have stomached greece defaulting . 
  if that had led to portugal , spain and italy defaulting not so much anymore, 
  more like : let 's prevent this crisis getting even worse and possibly have the whole eurozone unravel with completely uncertain political consequences . 
   funny how noone seems to be talking about that side of the moral hazard . 
  lots of people talk about it, 
  if the people give a majority to anti democratic parties is that not the will of the people . 
  political violence certainly was a factor in the end , but even in the elections that are still regarded as free the anti democratic parties were a majority . 
  communits and nazis just hated eatch other guts, 
   but in relative terms , if the uk voter does n't like something westminster did , it can call an election . 
  if a uk voter does n't like something schauble or merkel decided , they do n't have a lot of say in the matter . 
  if sch\u00e4uble and merkel decide something uk citizens have very little say about this , but just as much germany has very little influence if cameron decides something domestically . 
  when it comes to the eu though the uk has its say in the union just as much as germany , just that germany stands with stronger allies most of the time , where germany tries to build consent and the uk tries to go against . 
   this is like the official statement , while the reality is very different . 
  read accounts of what happens at eurogroup meetings . 
  i am not entirely sure what you allude to , but yes germany has a lot of say in these meetings . 
  you would expect the bigggest economy to have a big say . 
   since you bring up greece -- greece is the perfect example . 
  everyone , including the imf , is saying that not only was the wrong approach taken by the troika , but , that greece needs debt relief immediately . 
  and who keeps shooting it down ? 
  germany . 
  and in these same statements the imf declines to give greece debt relief on the debt greece has to them . 
  i do not know if the decisions made in regard to greece were right , they certainly did n't work out great , but there definitely were good arguments for taking the course we took in the past . 
  also the german government also has a duty to the german people and a huge majority would be against granting greece debt relief . 
  that last bailout was already highly controversial . 
   all i can say about this and the paragraph that follows is that if this is how you really feel , and it is representative of how the eu feels , it is no surprise that the uk left . 
  and others that will follow . 
  so should the ultimate goal not be some sort of consent , some sort of solution everyone can work with ? 
  do you think strongarming everyone else would be better ? 
   if you ca n't see consent is not really consent , and ca n't see how lopsided the balance of power is , i fear you will be constantly surprised by what happens in the future . 
  of course i know that the balance of power in the eu is very lopsided , just as population and economic power is very lopsided, 
  merkel unsuprisingly has been among those advocating for a moderate approach, 
  yes we had bailouts all over europe . 
  that leads to risks shifting from banks to states . 
  this is also not only affecting german banks . 
  also the notion that tax payers have spent as much on germany as on greece already says a lot considering how much larger germany is than greece . 
  also unlike in greece the german state bailed out the german banks . 
  that study that he handelsblatt also baffles me . 
  to pay for loans and interests is the entire point of a bailout . 
   you 're of course free to presume that . 
  but i 'm oldschool enough to know that presumptions are just that it definitely is only a correlation , but it is ther and i think it is a reasonable presumption . 
   there 's likely numerous reasons behind the voting behavior in the uk , and there 's likely numerous reasons why a well-educated person would like the eu more , such as : it could provide new career opportunities for an educated individual i.e. 
  it 's just simple personal self-interest . 
  establishing those numerous reasons needs more than presumptions : hard data and scholarly analyses of it . 
  i agree . 
   additionally i do n't simply assume that a well-educated person knows any better say what 's the difference between ecthr and echr and how they might relate to the eu than an average person does unless that happens to be in the area of their experteese . 
  i do not assume that any single better educated person knows more about eu instititutions , just that on average more well educated people know more about the eu than the average . 
   and the idea that the more you know the eu the more you like it is certainly not always correct . 
  this is just a personal anecdote but i used to like the idea of the eu a lot , i 'm familiar with the eu institutions and relevant treaties and i even used to be a federalist . 
  yet during the past few years after seeing how the eu actually works i have to say i 'm certainly not a federalist any more . 
  does n't mean i now completely hate the idea of the eu , but certainly having less love for the eu as it is . 
  again i am not trying to speak in absolutes , just that a person that knows about the eu is more likely to like it than a person that gets all its information from tabloids . 
  it certainly does not apply to every individual person . 
  i also do not disagree that there is the possibility of over regulation or that there are over regulated areas . 
  to me having regulations in the common market is good and necessary in principle though . 
  i also have to admit that i do not know as much as you apparetnly do about these things . 
   also when we bailed out german and french banks in greece - pretty good idea ? 
  that 's not really true . 
  we bailed out the greek state , that had also borrowed money from german and french banks . 
  it was germany that bailed out german banks ... 
  becaue that had the risk of cascading defaults and if spain/italy would have defaulted the problems would have been a ton worse the loans also do n't just go away just because you default . 
  i think there is a chance that greece would have recovered faster , but there is also a chance that the whole situation would be an extreme amount worse right now . 
  i think politicians closed their eyes far too long to the effects of countries that are not similar enough economically sharing a currency . 
  for example i do not think that there would be issues with germany and the netherlands sharing a currency  how do you feet about leaving euro ? 
  i think it would be a terrible idea for germany . 
   you 've written a lot and i think it 's easier to respond than to take it line by line . 
  do whatever works for you best . 
  i hope you do n't mind if i structure my resposne like this . 
   i do n't know whether in the long run brexit will be good or bad for britain . 
  i do n't think anyone knows -- as much as the media is full of doomsayers right now . 
  a lot will depend on how affairs are conducted going forward . 
  i do n't think anyone knows what will happen , but you can make somewhat educated guesses and i just do n't really see how this will be good for the uk personally . 
   what i can say is that for these voters several things are true : [ ... ] i can see these things being true . 
  i do not think the sentiment that regulations from london are inherently better than regulations from brussels is necessarily true . 
   i am however saying that the future of the eu is going to be determined by germany , and that everyone is going to be forced to go along with it . 
  such is widely understood and has happened in effect . 
  look at the refugee plan and the quotas . 
  look at greece . 
  the eu is certainly not in the hands of germany . 
  germany is a big voice in the eu , but germany can not do anything in the eu without consent . 
  the eu is built upon consent and all major decisions are being made in consent . 
  take the negotiations with greece where germany could have never taken its position without being backed by northern and eastern europe . 
  germany has been the face though especially for the media . 
  one thing also that the german political system is built on consent aswell . 
   since there was obviously no change coming in the eu system to bring about greater equality between member states , to solve any of the long-standing issues , and in general a domination of some states over others , at least the uk is outside such a system . 
  i do not think making equal what is not is possible or eveen wise . 
  how for example should ireland achieve the same political weight as germany ?
