  do n't cut yourself on that edge, 
  so a supermajority for macron ? 
   i 'm sure a bunch of german govt planners can come up with some smart investments . 
  =d definitely . 
  one smart investment would for example be into people that can actually plan investments . 
  this is one of the area germany has trouble at . 
  actually realizing investment projects and not a lack of funding  the crisis is n't really over yet . 
  yes yes the recession is over but the post-crisis catch-up to potential is just about getting underway in the eurozone . 
  but the german government can not do fiscal policy for the entire eurozone , it does not have that mandate or that power . 
  it can just do fiscal policy for germany and germany is well beyond even the point of catchup . 
  german gdp only had a small dip in 2009 and by 2010 already was higher than in 2008 . 
  german unemployment also already had recovered by 2010 . 
  realistically the crisis in germany is over for years now and if there is no crisis you should not make policy as if there was . 
  at this rate you 'll be back at 60 % debt/gdp in 5 or so years ( primarily due to growth , not the measly surplus ) and you 'll start banging the other countries over the head with the treaty and complain for 10 years until they get there as well . 
  if there are problems to be solved by some deficit spending , it 's not a bad time to do so at all . 
  well we are solving one problem and that is the staggeringly high state debt . 
  there is also massive investment already being done and where it is n't done it is usually not mainly due to a lack of funds , at least not majorly . 
  of course the debt ratio is primarily lowering due to growth . 
  that is simply how that works . 
  you are literally running a surplus . 
  i 'm all for running a surplus if there is debt to pay down but only if every other ( or most ) major issue has been resolved . 
  otherwise , you 're just contracting your future growth ( or exacerbating social issues that may be improved with some spending ) . 
  the thing is debt is a major issue in itself . 
  interest has to be served and that is the third largest expense of the federal government already today with very low interest , but that is not always going to stay this low  this would be exactly the wrong approach to take right after a crisis . 
  investment into healthy growth or reform would be much more beneficial than battening down the hatches . 
  and i could see that if it were right after a crisis and right after the crisis policy like this was n't happening . 
  factually the crisis has been over for 5 + years though in germany . 
  germany is not a developing country though and germany has massively hiked the debt ratio during the financial crisis . 
  germany alsi signed the maastricht treaty and commited to reducing the debt ratio below 60 % of gdp . 
  what you need is a deficit lower or at parity averaged out over all times which means that the deficit can be higher than that in times of crisis as has happened and lower in economically good times which is happening right now too . 
  we could be facing a new crisis some time in the future . 
  the development of housing prices is at least dangerous . 
  if a backback was destroyed in a controlled detonation that does n't make it seem a lot like the terrorism suspicions were false, 
  german unemployment is at the lowest it has been since reunification . 
  wages are rising . 
  a minimum wage was introduced . 
  german wages are not state controlled . 
  wages are negotiated between two parties . 
  we are not under a communist dictatorship . 
  the imf quote says that this shouldd have the end goal of helping other eu countries . 
  also being employed is good for a lot of people and reduces the burden of society . 
  also still wages are negotiated and not set by the state, 
  the afd never polled 20 % countrywide . 
  yes , currenct accoutn surplus will be reduced , unemployment will go slightly up , people will have more purchasing power . 
  no state has major issues with unemployment , though admittedly not every state is in a state of full employment . 
  we also have the cdu campaigning to oreduce taxes . 
  as for states the federal republic of germany is exactly that : a federal republic . 
  if states have issues after decades of bad policy then that is not necessarily the fault of the entire state as that can not even intervene in state policy agood part, 
  that is simply untrue . 
  there is a huge number of poles in germany . 
   the international monetary fund has warned higher wage growth in germany is needed to sustain the eurozone recovery by increasing the country 's purchasing power and making other countries ' companies more competitive . 
  so according to the imf germany should simply fund other countries unwillingness to take tough reforms ? 
  becaue having a deficit in economically good times is a good idea ? 
  if you want a deficit in economically good and in economically bad times when are you going to end up paying back debt ? 
  do you want a situation like in greece ? 
  why ? 
  what is wrong with anticyclic fiscal policy in your oppinion ? 
  we have had a tax surplus of 15 billion ? 
  that is not that much overall . 
  do n't mix current account and tax surplus . 
  what we would need and really the only efficient measure to kill the current account surplus would be a normalisation of ecb policy and a signfiicant appreciation of the euro . 
  of course people from ee can move to germany and work here . 
  we have the european union after all . 
  there are also for example already 2 million poles living in germany , the second largest group of foreigners . 
  learn german come here to work . 
  not that hard to do if they want to . 
  i think also the family of candidates os a lot more a concern in some countries than others . 
  nobody in germany talks about merkels or schulz children or lack thereoff . 
  i am very interested in the whole matter and i just had to google if schulz has children ( he has two ) . 
  private matters usually are simply not brought up much . 
  this article says nothing about what was actually talked ... and i am aware the german government was pushing facebook, 
  uhm no i am damn sure nobody got fined for identifying perpetrators . 
  that is absurd . 
  and the police was not censored by the media , the police just did an atrocious job at that event and reported on it far far too late . 
  facebook also has no such history . 
  facebook has a history of censoring nipples and ignoring actually illegal content, 
  does it really suprise you that ther are emotionally unstable people that might be open to such propaganda ? 
  there are countless examples in history how people can be influenced to believe in atrocities . 
  this is also not about getting rid of rights it is about restricting them , about the fundamental principle that your rights end where others rights begin . 
  i also do not see a way as you put it to get rid of people, 
  no i am not and i do not think posts critical of terrorism should be removed if they remakn somewhat reasonable . 
  still i do think that law also needs to be enforced on facebook . 
  that blatant nazi propaganda should be removed ( and no not according to the left of what nazi propaganda is ... ) . 
  i also do not think that criticism of immigrants is bad or should be removed , calls to send all of them to the gas chambers should though , calls for a new hitler for a new final solution should be . 
  in the same vein terrorism recruitment should be remved . 
  do not conflate mere criticisms with these issues, 
  winston churchill being the first to serve under the current queen . 
  so you think isis using facebook to recruit should be legal ? 
  why elections change exchange rates ? 
  because the uncertainty affects the decisions of traders . 
  similarly the euro went up after the french election, 
  people as in you and me , no . 
  you need a huge amount of money to do currency.speculation properly . 
  banks do so . 
  the spanish government and the eu will ignore it as an illegitimate referendum . 
  i also doubt that you get that high turnout . 
  there is a difference between wanzing a legal referndum and an illegal referendum though . 
  why would a centrist be happy with what we have now though ? 
  corbyn is also a radical . 
  there simply was no one close to the center up for election,
