  collapse ? 
  invoke article 7 . 
  effectively trying to kick the uk out, 
  i have the feeling that the uk might try it , but i do not think brussels will allow it . 
  i think as far as brussels is concerned the uk is out, 
  i doubt the eu will afford the uk the same good will as greece, 
  and he is right, 
  i agree that that would be pleasant to have happen , but i simply do not see france solving its domestic issues quickly . 
  the role of germany currently is not so much a symptom of german strenght ( which is also there currently ) but one of french weakness . 
  that , was supposed to be an m. m and , are just right next to each other, 
  officially you are a victory power ( ok i do not think that is actual english but you get the point ) . 
  i am also very happy that the eu will have at least one seat on the unsc . 
  france has also been supportitive of a permanent seat on the unsc for germany, 
  the vote seems to suggest a very clear position against being an eea member though, 
  yeah but that is because you were in berlin . 
  berlin is one of the shittier cities in germany, 
  the unsc is the victors table of ww2 . 
  what other reason is there for germany and japan to not have permanent seats ? 
  a belgian is fine , it most likely just could not have been a german and it probably is also better if it is not a french , an, 
  merkel . 
  the answer if the question of who is to blame is always merkel . 
  or germany , that works too, 
  you do t have to explain me . 
  my post was pure sarcasm . 
  i am probably one of the few supporters of merkel here, 
  right this was not due to human rights at all . 
  this also damaged herself pretty heavily, 
  yes and merkel has been pretty clear that those will have to go back ... 
  this absolutely is a major legal complication but i am sure the eu has lawyers amass, 
  because pushing everthing on greece and italy will work ? 
  do you not agree that the dublin system has proven unworkable ? 
  do you think for example that people would oppose a deeper integration between germany and the benelux ? 
  i do not see an issue of further integration between countries that are already very close and also on a similar economic level, 
  amerkel was the moderate bridge in the dealings with greece . 
  a rather large chunk of her party demanded a more hardline approach, 
  a moderate saying moderate things . 
  no it is not . 
  people fromdifferent education perform differently . 
  people for example from sub saharan africa perform worse than those in western europe by virtue of how these tests are set up, 
  what kind of gun does the uk have to the eu head ? 
  isnt it much more the eu that will be putting a gun to the head of the uk . 
  the eu can not alloow the uk to blackmail it, 
  you could almost definitely increase the media . 
  heck it is substantially higher than it was hundred years ago, 
  it sounds a lot more aggressive this way as if germany was seeing europe as its teritories, 
  that was its ultimate goal already when the uk joined ... 
  no because it charges these decisions so emotionaly, 
  this shows more clearly why these kinds of referendums are stupid to have . 
  i am pretty glad german law does not allow for this, 
  a border of some kind will be necessary regardless most likely . 
  also what currency would you expect an independent scotland to use ? 
  directly transitioning to euro ? 
  why should the schengen agreement matter so much to scotland though ? 
  not like you are bordering any schngen countries, 
  well it is not like the eu would not happily accept a norwegian plea for membership, 
  right but no concessions will look punitive and the point is to state an example to not further endangerthe cohesion of the union . . 
  it just is in the interest of the eu to be tough on the uk, 
  we should end the sanctions on russia right away aswel then . 
  honestly who goves a fuck about ukraine anyways ? 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  i am not a fan of the result but this is plain ridiculous, 
  oh i would not be sure it would only be the russians, 
  i am glad we do n't have referendums here . 
  i also hope the german government will follow a hard line in negotiations . 
  should the us choose to elect trump and should trump leave nato there will be war in europe, 
  months seems optimistic . 
  i think it probably would take a year or two to actually build nuclear weapons . 
  what makes you think germany does not have the technology to build nuclear weapons ? 
   and may not have armed forces of more than 200 000 the number dictated in the 2 +4 treaty is 370k, 
  like just about everybody else that predicted a sharp drop should the uk vote out ? 
  gib back elsass-lothringen !, 
  too bad the uk trade balance is in the negative significantly . 
  why do n't we start dissolving nato aswell ? 
  and the rise of fierce nationalism once more ? 
  let 's just hope the european economies do not get hit that hard . 
  i do n't want another 2008/2009, 
  because they sue if the geman state can not follow its own laws ? 
  really ? 
  i think most of our churches are fairly empty rather . 
  i highly doubt they got the gsg9 involved . 
  probably just an sek . 
  i highly doubt a bunch of fools on a church tower are a case for the counter terrorism unit . 
   i ca n't recall a muslim country ever converting . 
  spain/portugal ? 
   turkey used to be a 2nd world country turkey joined nato in 1952 ... 
  the guardian page looks pretty clearly in favour of remain . 
  do you want a map of the ethnic distribution in western poland say 1925 ? 
  the point is that we just have to accept what happened in the past and accept that territory that once may have been inhabitated by your countryment may no longer be . 
  poland was defeated after a bit longer than a month . 
  i would call that a very quick defeat . 
  well more like the only other european country that was brave enough to fight the nazis and did not surrender before the war turned . 
  the poles and the french also fought . 
  they just lost very quickly, 
  why should we not celebrate the liberation from french occupation ? 
  do you think we would have been better off as vassals of a great french empire ? 
  these issues are related to us though even if not directly , as in that there were no issues really with blacks in germany simply because there were/are very little black people in germany . 
  in a way using something like blackface endorses racism though because even if it was n't a thing here a lot of people still know what it means and where it comes from . 
  honestly i am pretty sure that the people that did this campaign debated this and i think displaying a black german is fine , even if black people are a small minority in germany . 
  because we do n't live in an isolated world . 
  calling a third most of something is somewhat missleading .
