  also germay is probably the country in europe where the people generally dislike this kind of hatred and right wing extremists the most, 
  so then it would be making a good point to lay fire to a vacant sd office to make a point aswell ? 
  no not everything certainly , but still the majority probably is right wing terrorism, 
  i feel i is the same way in germany . 
  also if the speakers at pegida say stuff like `` sadly the kzs are no longer in use '' i can not see how it is wrong to label them as right wing extremists, 
  yes and i think the only correct answer that there can be is that the state can not give in to terrorism . 
  do n't pretend merkel backs such a fence because she does not, 
  yeah and she does n't back that plan either . 
  this plan has a chance of approximately zero to pass the german parliament, 
  keep in mind that this has a zero chance to pass the german parliament even if the whole cdu/csu was behind it , which they are not , spd , greens and die linke will vote against it . 
  also and quite critically merkel herself is opposed to the idea, 
  well that is a plan . 
  a plan that has a zero chance of passing the german parliament because it is just not reasonable as you said, 
  i think it is something that can very well get very dangerous tho . 
  i just do n't think that violence should be part of the solution . 
  also when speakers on a demo like pegida say `` sadly the kzs are no longer in use '' i think that is scary . 
  well igniting the building does not make them go away it just means you have to find/build new ones . 
  but there are principles on how you protest and setting buildingson fire certainly does not fall under that . 
  that is just arson and that is illegal . 
  i also find it really scary how many people apparently it is justified to lay fire to an asylum home, 
  `` ode an die freude '' is a poem by schiller . 
  the music is by beethoven tho . 
  i do n't know for sweden , but this is definitely not true for the asylum homes in germany . 
  the vast majority of those burning burns before asylants even arrive . 
  but it is a lot lot easier to demonize people if they do stuff like igniting buildings . 
  also always keep in mind that there may be other oppinions that can be held . 
  it looks like some people are serious arseholes . 
  i hope these people get found and punished , even if you are against taking in refugees i ca n't see how igniting asylum homes does anything but cost the swedish tax payer, 
  during the sixties there was a big shortage of workers in germany so they looked to get workers from other countries which is why there are a lot of turks in germany . 
  also notable that almost all turks live in western germany, 
  yeah , i fixed it now, 
  you get these 91 % answersnif you ask if germany should take in people fleeing from an actual warzone . 
  in general in germany you get a sharp division between real refugees and people domingo for economics reasons . 
  these questions regarding refugees almost always impliziert that purzeln economical , migrants arr getting werde out, 
  i do n't even think she gets the level of backlash she got during the greek crisis where there was a sizable of her party demanding a tougher course/no bailout, 
  to a much mich leser exzentrische tho , for example you still speak german in austria and germans were never cleansed out of austria , well thatwou.d have also not made sense . 
  those territories are certainly no longer germanjust like the cities of stettin or danzig . 
  german influence was removed from these territories after ww2 . 
  if this sub is leftist in your oppinion i do n't know what is right wing in your book . 
  austria , germany and south tyrol should all be the same country . 
  i have another unpopular one for you : austria and germany should form one big state, 
  and then who do you buy your oil from ? 
  to be fair making fun of dutch drivers is very common in germany at least . 
  what is causing the most problems is the sudden increase of people and that thte systems are highly outdated , so it takes a few month to bring them up to date . 
  for example the computer systems of locl offices processing applications operate differently than those at the state level . 
  the logistics is just not there and germany was notprepared for it . 
  you have around 16 million people in germany with a migration background amounting to around 20 % of the population, 
  slovenia was annexed after poland got invaded tho, 
  if you sort it by controversial the top guy suggests a lot of policies that are remarkably similar to third reich policies, 
  then prepare people for the invasion of poland !, 
  well the nazis also wanted to show the superiority of the german race . 
  i really dislike the concept of races generally tho , but the term of racism just stuck throughout history . 
  there is really no reason to personally attack me . 
  also yes you have to negotitate to resolve these issues . 
  you ca n't simply shoot anyone trying to cross the borders . 
  you ca n't just sink ships trying to cross the mediteranean . 
  there is no easy and quick solution that 's why you have to engage in the long political endeavour to solve it and that also involves talking to people you and your country may not like . 
  so what makes jews a race and muslims not ? 
  and sped up membership means that they maybe will come into the eu in 15 years and not in 20 years certainly not in the near future . 
  oh i know that muslims are technicalyl not a race , but neither are jews and still what happened to them over the course of history is called racism so i think we can apply the same . 
  what ? 
  nobody is giving turkey access to the eu . 
  also i think generally hating on muslims is disgusting racism . 
  i said mostly . 
  not exclusively . 
  well to be fair there is still quite a big difference between assad and erdogan . 
   accepted by basically everyone outside of germany , apparently . 
  there are a lot of facts which are n't accepted in germany these days . 
  again can you show me some sources on that that are not just scaremongering ? 
   yup , it got mistranslated and went viral and she 's done nothing to fix it . 
  well germany is consitently trying to fix it , but apparently the rest of europe rather engages in scaremongering and racism . 
   any sane country would have done the same . 
  when winter comes , you 'll see why this is . 
  yeah because who cares about these states you should be working together with or those values you have subscribed to . 
  who cares about such petty things anyways ... 
  germany is not taking responsibility ? 
  what the fuck . 
  german politicans are constantly on their way to negotitate to somehow resolve the crisis instead of bathing in right wing populism or fear mongering . 
   germany 's statement at least doubled the flow of refugees . 
  this is an accepted fact . 
  accepted by whom ? 
  what are your sources on that ? 
  i can assure you that it is not an accepted fact in germany . 
  also it takes at least a month simply because it just takes a while to travel from syria to hungary . 
  it is not like these people are boarding airplanes ... also yes those people coming from the balkans are a problem and it was to be expected that people try to get through the system disguised as syrians . 
  also as much as i am tired of repeating it merkel never said germany would take everyone . 
  hell just a weak earlier she got called out for saying to that little girl that germany ca n't help everyone ... on a sidenote it was n't like dublin ii deportations were happening anymore anyways simply because the other european countries were overloaded . 
  this was done to relief some of the burden on the entry states and hungary repays it with a large middle finger . 
  it is pretty interesting that in germany those private schools have an attitude that you go there if you ca n't make it on a normal university or maybe if what you want to study is not available there but mostly the former . 
  are n't those high tax , free education countries some of the countries that draw talent aswell ? 
  i always feel like that countries like the netherlands , germany or the scandinavian countries are countries that attract people, 
  well germans and turks are also the biggest nationlity groups period . 
  sometimes people forget i think that the turkish community in germany is bigger than some eu states, 
  sometimes it seems like that in germany you have different big cities that all have kinda their own appeal and reasons why people go there and in the uk it is just all concentrated in london . 
  probably a relic of germanys splintered past, 
  no the refugees were there well before there were any actions by germany . 
  also even if there was an influence by the german statement it would take likely at least a month to manifest and the numbers increased regardless . 
  it is more that the situation in syria is growing more hopeless and the situation in turkey is bad aswell . 
  also that both hungary and germany are eu states should surely rather warrant working together more closely rather than going against each other ? 
  turkey is looking away and letting the refugees get over to europe and that is terrible .
