  you should try reading more than just the headlines of media reports because what is said in the article is really not new, 
  and who is even remotely competent to be the chancellor of germany in your oppinion ? 
  i think the message overall was very clear . 
  the issue was that it was too easy to single out sentences to create a different tone . 
  she always made clear that germany could not take in economic migrants . 
  she also made very clear that this was only for stopping the deportations under dublinii ( that were most likely impossible anyways considering the situation in the countries of entry ) . 
  this was mostly done to prevent a full on humanitarian crisis and also i would guess anticipating that the deportations under dublin ii may have very well been ruled unconstitutional at the time . 
  also what did hungary ever do apart from deflecting ? 
  they basically funneled everyone just through to germany without trying to register them and house them and then making remarks in the way of `` we do n't any more muslims , because we do n't want muslims '' . 
  also how is everything that is happening at the moment with the state scrambling to find housing for asylants and looking to provide shelter for the winter for everyone nothing , while the entire rest of the eu is just watching instead of helping ? 
  and let the conditions within europe keep on the level where it was already completely out of control ? 
  the first entry states already were completely unable to handle the situtations . 
  also you need to keep in mind that the general political climate in the uk is a lot different than in germany and the uk is also on an island . 
  she did point that out multiple times . 
  the thing is that was never a huge topic in the germn media simply because it felt fairly obvious and representative of the public oppinion that you send those back that come purely on economic issues . 
  she said that weeks ago even before her so called `` invitations '', 
  i never said anything that the people are dumb i just said that the idea that one human is better than another because of his race or religion is stupid, 
  yes and racism is dumb even if a lot of people are for it . 
  what are your sources on the muslim population in europe ? 
  as far as i have found out there was a comparable amount of muslims and jews in europe around 100 years ago , mostly across the balkan as expected, 
  1933 : not wanting jews = literally hitler 2015 : not wanting muslims = our saviours, 
  i think it was in the spiegel 3 months ago , dunno where they got their numbers from , but that just stuck with me, 
  well sure , but fighting a proxy war in syria wo n't lead to peace either . 
  see i a certainly lnot a guy that likes russia , but that does n't mean we should n't talkto people we do n't like to find solutions everybody can live with, 
  no i am just saying thatsolving this conflict without russia is very hard and that i jthink we should take to russia and tr to reach a diplomatic solution, 
  they are trying to reduce the grants refugees get and especially for those that are denied asylum . 
  also balkan asylants are a huge issue as they clog up the system which makes the entire thing so hard to handle . 
  they basically want to give asylants mostly goods instead of raw money for example . 
  i personally have found repeated reports of people that were saying that there is a practical limit to how much people you cantake in . 
  sure there is no `` we do n't want muslims because we do n't want muslims '' bullshit for the most part going on but saying that there hav to be some sort of limits happens . 
  see as a whole germany leans fairly heavily to respecting the unhcr conventions and helping people out and people here have a big problem with racism ( and i call `` we do n't want muslims because fuck muslims '' pure racism ), 
  no actually i am in munich and not the same dude . 
  also it does not matter that i do n't like the russian policies , they are still a player in the region that is vital . 
  also in the case of an ukraine style war in estonia i do believe nato would react a lot harshere than with ukraine, 
  yes and that is exactly why you have to talk to russia if you want to solve the conflict . 
  as long as the west is trying to fight against assad and russia is supporting him you will more or less end up with a never ending conflict that only drives more people into fleeing the country . 
  you have to somehow talk how to resolve the issues and russia is one of the very important parties in that . 
  i can hate assad all i want , , but if the russians back him and the west fights against him this is a terrible recipe to stop isis and the refugee crisis . 
  see i am certainly not a fan of russia , but that does n't make talking any less necessary, 
  well you might not like it but you can not find diplomatic solutions without talking to both sides, 
  really ? 
  as far as i can tell tehe syria conflict is one of the issues that is most vital at least to our current politics, 
  well not necessarily . 
  for example in the city of schweinfurt you got 55.000 jobs but only 53.000 people . 
  i would guess that negative unemployment means that there are more jobs than people to take these jobs, 
  yeah , thist felt a little bit like an attack and i wanted to defend myself . 
  no the consensus here is radical rightwing in my oppinion . 
  see i would see myself somewhere more in the middle but a lot more leaning towards the views john olliver portrays although it was really was extremely one sided and the girl was not that necessary imo, 
  he did a very one sided show on refugees that just was the opposite of the consensus here on the subreddit . 
  honestly it was jokingly . 
  he mostly pointed out that `` we do n't want muslims because we do n't have mosques '' is a really poor argument, 
  yeah i do n't think that is how it should go . 
  yeah , but if you do n't want to do university at least over here you have the option of doing an apprenticeship and a lot of people still do that . 
  basically anybody that didnt finsih the gymnasium here . 
  there are more than enough people that are better off doing that and getting something practical . 
  a bigger issue is that i see that there is a growing pressure to get a university degree , but i still think that most people think doing an apprenticeship is something respectable to do and will usually get you a decent job . 
  maybe not one where you get to be a millionaire but a decent life . 
  as for my university degree i am actualyl not sure if i learn enough practical skills but i will have to look into getting internships for that . 
  may i ask what you are studying ? 
  the thing is that the nature of warfare has changed because of nukes . 
  nukes are what keep the major powers from going for each others throat . 
  i for example believe that there could have been a full scale nato intervention in the ukraine if there was not the threat of russian nukes , because in terms of conventional warfare i believe nato could utterly destroy the russian army . 
  i can see that if you believe that grand international warfare is obsolote a nuclear arsenal is unnecessary , but i highly doubt that grand international warfare is obsolote . 
  peace is fragile and nukes serve in my oppinion well to at least keep warfare out of nato territories . 
  for example ask someone from the baltics if they think it is necessary for nato to have nukes and i am certain they will be very adamant that nukes are necessary . 
  same goes for germany 30 years ago . 
  yes it is a threat and even it is a game with fire i still believe that nukes are the only thing that kept at least my country save during the times of the cold war . 
  i am fairly certain that if not for nukes there would have been a full scale war between the west and the east and germany would have been ravaged in the process, 
  yeah i know , but even in the more southern part of bavaria , while more people can speak dialects , people still generally tend to speak hochdeutsch , but i agree that the difference is a lot more pronounced witht he `` wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator '' than at the austria-germany border , tho i found it always to be very distinctive as the dialect that is mostly spoken in austria differs from hochdeutsch which even below the wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator is the norm also another big thing is how old peopleare because older people speak a lot more dialect . 
  actually i kinda do n't . 
  what are they gon na do to me ? 
  come at me because i watch porn ? 
  i also highyl doubt that i am even remotely important enough to get stuff that i do filtered and reviewed manually and even then what can they do with it anyways, 
  i doubt they can store them for any more than a fairly limited simply because you need huge datacenters for harstoring all that, 
  also m\u00e4dchen is a diminuitive which makes the gender to neutrum . 
  i would say that location is probably the most important one for this . 
  the biggest difference in german you obviously find when you go over the german-austrian border because the language grew a bit apart in the last 100 to 150 years where the language in germany grew more homogenous . 
  well there are also people that absoultely enjoy university . 
  i am currently enrolled for mathmatics and i am absolutely loving it . 
  not necessarily to go into research , but also to land a good job afterwards , but then again i had a huge passion for mathmatics my whole life, 
  well your country has the university that often ranks highest among the non uk/us unis, 
  the problem i could see with that tht people tend to hire people from national universities a lot more, 
  also in germany research is often done externally at institutes like fraunhofer or max planck, 
  that is because these rankings usually look a lot at reasearch . 
  the issue with research in gerany is that a lot of that is not done directly at the universities but rather at institutes like max-planck or fraunhofer . 
  honestly you can show them whatever the fuck you want . 
  the german dubs are good, 
  it is pretty cool . 
  i read the beginning of the german consittuition just yesterday ( for unrelated reasons tho ), 
  i felt like most of them are mostly pissed at the incredibly unbalanced video on a matter that is not black and white . 
  i got the feeling that the people are usually leaning towards johns views , also because that is the general tone of the subreddit , but there are also a lot of people that are critical , but not to the extent of not accepting anyone, 
  i would like to point out that the / r/de threat everybody was just pointing out how ridiculously onesided and fairly bad the video was . 
  most answers do n't even touch his views, 
  to be fair unlike fox news he never claims to make any kind of normal news, 
  actually i think a lot of people did n't like it because it was made so extremely one sided . 
  see i am inclined to agree with the direction his views go , but that still makes it a fairly weak episode . 
  nevertheless it gave me some laughs , but it was just ridiculously onesided and only picking out the extremely good examples, 
  well i would guess it was german only because it was mostly directed at germans . 
  to be honest until today i was n't even aware that people use it outside germany a lot . 
  also yeah i can see why it makes more sense from a language perspective to redirect to co.uk , but everything else is closer to the netherlands on . de for example it is the same currency,
