  turns out the world goes on and different things come up in the media . 
  maybe the spd should try some actual content . 
  also keep in mind that is insa that always has the cdu lower than all other pollsters . 
  and that from an insa poll . 
  nice to see, 
   you seriously think that people from the left will vote for the far-right ? ... 
  i mean movements from the far left to the far right are not all that uncommon . 
  both are just against . 
  the gap in polling between lepen and macron is way way larger than trump vs clinton ever was . 
  and the end result in the us still was extremely close, 
  i can look at the political statements from the left , especially the far left , where a good chunk seem like they would prefer to jus tsee the bundeswehr fully dissolved . 
  i have also not seen the left parties cry for for more opposition and more police while in opposition . 
  i have seen our police forces here in bavaria expanded considerably in recent years . 
  also unions complaining about understaffing is not really interesting . 
  to complain is kind of the point of a union . 
  the relevant info is all in the pictures, 
   how ? 
  the us and uk are both doing fine as countries and the fptp system has resulted in some remarkably stable governments compared to say italy or france . 
  they absoutley are doing fine . 
  fptp just stifles minority movements . 
  germany also has a proportinal system and has extremely stable governments aswell . 
  in fact germany only had 8 chancellors since the end of ww2 where the uk had 15 pms  how ? 
  that is n't obvious at all and that 's not how democracy works , your government does n't need to make all sides happy . 
  the majority of voters voted for brexit , the government entrusted to represent those people then decided it was in the best interest of the country to go for a hard brexit . 
  there is n't a need to make sure everyone is heard just to go with what the majority wants . 
  the one thing that bugs me is that i feel like the decisin to leave the european union was more based on emotion and sentimen rather than arguments , but i guess that is more an argument against suh far reaching referenda in general ( and i am not a fan at all of these ) it certainly was a democratic decision though . 
  right and i can also call them out for doing wrong there ? 
  there were also coalitions . 
  and we can be sure that any left coalition would have cut funding significantly more . 
  it could recreate a landbridge to kaliningrad . 
  it works to create a larger bufferzone of states for russia instead of having nato right on the border of the heartland . 
  it also gives larger access to baltic sea ports . 
  there are simply strategic benefits to it . 
  similarly as the harbour of sevastopol on crimea . 
  and what makes you so confident in that ? 
  like russia would never annex part of ukraine ? 
  and what if it does ? 
  you are fine gambling with security in europe ? 
  with the security of our allies ? 
  with the security of germany ? 
  of course it will take time too , but it also takes money . 
  and they were not ordered in appropriate amounts to save money , that is the entire point . 
  military spending in germany is simply deeply unpopular iwth a large portion of the electorate, 
  you would also not care at all if our allies in the baltics were to be attacked ? 
  if russian troops were crossing into poland ? 
  would you have thought it would have been good if the british or americans would simply not have cared had the warsaw pact crossed the inner german borrder ? 
  security happens in collaboration . 
  and that means that we have to keep the german military up aswell especially in times of higher tensions . 
  but these issues all are fundamentally issues of funding . 
  if a system is so old that you can not get spare parts to do proper maintenance , maybe you should look into replacing it ? 
  the same thing with the maintenance . 
  these steps were taken to save money . 
  to strip the bundeswehr of its own maintenance was a hideous idea , but one that was made to save money . 
  and that is not a place where we should be saving . 
  of course it is the money . 
  do you think spare parts were not ordered due to a lack of availability ? 
  fundamentally both the lack of qualified personel and spare parts could be solved with more money . 
  on the flipside napoleon bound a lot of british ressources in the war of 1812 , which could have otherwise have seen the brits regain control over the thirteen colonies . 
  modern era, 
  but there is no aggression ? 
  i really do n't get what you see there :d i i am not atacking anyone . 
  i have not even been saying anything negative about napoleon . 
  just that he was the most pivotal person in modern european history , which i think is at least something you can make a valid case for, 
  what does it have to do with arguing . 
  saying that napoleon lead to the unification of germany ultimately is i think not controversial . 
  neither is that that is in large parts what caused the imbalances that led to ww1 and that ww1 led to ww2 should also be pretty uncontroversial . 
  really ? 
  hesse has been one of the richest german states for decades . 
  basically you could say that there are three major groups of states in germany : the south ( bavaria , bw , hesse ) , the rest of the west and the east . 
  of those the south is richer than the west which is richer than the east . 
  the difference between west and east is just lost because of the granularity of the map . 
  the south of germany in general is one of the richest regions in europe at or close to full employment . 
  one could certainly argue that napoleon and the french revolution stood at the beginning of the chain of events that led to german unification and ultimately the world wars, 
  the issue is that it is pretty hard to imagine a future without hitler . 
  importantly that heavily depends on how such a dictatorship is prevented . 
  even if there had been no war started in germany we could still see the su starting a war . 
  we might not have seen the scale of the holocaust though . 
  napoleon probably has a good shot at being the most pivotal person in the modern era . 
  so like the quota system that got hammered ? 
  ** re : re : spending , when ? 
  ** of course investing enough into the future is important , but my point is that already a lot is being done . 
  maybe more slowly than would be optimal , but we are things moving forward . 
  as for the reasoning why silicon valley is in the us and not something similar in europe , i think the biggest differences here are in mentality , most people over there just tend to be more daring than here in europe . 
  you also of course have a more business friendly politics . 
  another large contributing factor is of course the concentration of some of the best education in the world in a relatively tight space . 
  of course perception locally is shaping our views . 
  what i am seeing is roads for example being expanded and rebuilt everywhere . 
  i have been driving a lot between munich and frankfurt in recent years and the vast majority of that ( rather long ) stretch of the autobahn has been expanded somewhat recently or is currently being expanded . 
  i also agree that our school system is lacking quite a bit , but i think that is something most people actually agree upon just not what would be good . 
  i just hope that overintegration is soemthing that does not keep going here . 
  you should n't have disabled children in normal classes if they ca n't participate normally . 
  ** re : re : diffusion of responsibility ** as for the refugee crisis i am pretty sure schulz would have taken the same steps as merkel . 
  also at least at the point we were at in 2015 no solution in syria or lybia would have worked . 
  the real issue is that the dublin treaties simply do not work under that high pressure . 
  merkel should have absoutely been insistent that there is no invitation and to assert that the taking in of hundreds of thousands from hungary in september was a one off thing . 
  for lybia and syria i do not think that europe should accept failed states like this on its borders . 
  you ca n't just go in and dispose of a leader without a plan on what is to happen afterwards . 
  i think an approach where the west goes for a state building approach could work too . 
  the lack of decisiveness is also not just an eu issue . 
  the us lacks that decisiveness too .
