  the entente after ww1 played a pretty large role in germany and austria being seperate countries aswell . 
  probably the 30 years war , the napoleonic wars the declaration of the state of germany in 1871 , the rise of hitler and the second world war . 
  yeah who does n't want another lehmann brothers !, 
  interestingly germany is doing well under merkel economically . 
  we are having near full employment . 
  why the heck should the german state giving a haircut to greece ruin banks ? 
  this is more of a political no no . 
   is n't switzerland due to block `` free movement '' in february ? 
  and if they do they are out of the single market . 
  the treaties with switzerland have guilllotine clauses . 
  to force people to follow a rule you would need to make it a rule first . 
  and it also still is not a binding rule in any way, 
  and which memers te is gon na start fcoming out first in support of ceding fiscal policy to brussels ? 
  you do n't even have to wake up early . 
  the voting stations were open until 10 pm ... 
  can you point to me where the treaties are saying that a country gets fined for an external trade imbalance ? 
  do n't all these treaties cover intra eu/ez trade ? 
  that was the first time he was put back off of becoming chancellor . 
  is it sch\u00e4ubles fault though , that the international press reports much more on him than on the ministers in romania , spain ( well when they have a real government again ) , france , finland or denmark . 
  sch\u00e4uble just happens to be one of the most influential and respected politicians in germany, 
  we could fight , but in a case of war the baltics almost definitely fall to russia . 
  you know that the parliament already exists ? 
  for the news because a lot of people would not understand cameron otherwise, 
  he got ta be joking right ? 
  my goodness that man is fucking retarded . 
  maybe he should look up what a dictatorship is . 
  germany and the us do not have that special relation so far . 
  it was merkel and the other eu leaders that came together . 
  it 's because that 's what everyone is used to . 
  people do n't know kevin spacey 's voice , they just know the dubbed voices and then it is not weird at all . 
  this is an originally in german produced show . 
  also the notion that everything in german gets dubbed comes from a time where people did not really speak english , but the german speaking market was big enough to justify a localization and these just sell better . 
  it is not a job creator , but it also does n't destroy so many jobs as were predicted . 
  in fact we are facing record low unemployment and full employment in parts of the country . 
  i think for most jobs here you need some german at least , but yes you could also work in germany as a greek . 
  that was literally the proposed redistribution system that the eu was trying to implement with merkel at the forefront of trying to implement such a thing . 
  the thing is that people were so vieolently opposed to refugee quotas . 
  merkel already has been crystal clear on a lot of occassions that those who do not qualify for asylum will be sent back . 
  honestly i think a big reason why people were so opposed was that they did not understand it . 
  that has been the plan all along . 
  the thing is it makes no sense for greee or italy to have these hotspots if that only means that they have to deal with them for their entire stay on asylum , which is why you need a redistribution system . 
  `` in der nato '' is normal german , but in english it is `` in nato '', 
  the thing is for the most part these were laws we have not only here in germany but across all the eu , that dictate that we grant people that come here asylum if they qualify and that gives people the right to apply for asylum . 
  the thing is a lot of europe just ignored these laws or made little to no effort of actually implementing them and was also not interested in finding an laternative to the dublin system that very obviously does not work , that also complies with euchr and our asylum laws . 
  in german having that `` the '' there is gramatically correct so it is in the original text and op just made a small grammar error, 
  those people were already coming . 
  the bundespolizei reported about it in march well before merkel added anything to the topic . 
  to where do you want to expand the nordic council ? 
  to the original 6 or to the baltics ? 
  the polish government blaming brussels for rising levels of euroskepticism carries quite some irony . 
  that 's just a quirk in the translation . 
  you have an article there in german . 
  i am pretty sure thats how it works, 
  a lot of the benefits of the eu are similar you have in the us between states . 
  for example you can just move from california to texas without needing a visa , without needing a work permit . 
  it also allows you to travel a lot easier . 
  imagine that every time you move out of your state you need a passport and have long border checks . 
  imagine what would happen if different us states imposed trade tariffs upon each other . 
  the us in its whole is a lot what at least parts of the eu want to become . 
  the us even has it in its name it is the `` united states of america '', 
  nobody is about imposing punitive tariffs on the uk just not retaining the single market access . 
  i am pretty sure that these trade agreements are made with the eu and not with the single member states . 
  which is also the reason why the uk has no trade department, 
  well more like why do the csu have to be such morons these days . 
  greece was kept in the union because the greek government wanted it . 
  they very much had the chance to get out . 
  would n't such a trade agreement be made between the eu and the uk and not the uk and the single states ? 
  of course they can , the uk can have too that does not include the advantages of the single market though . 
  think more of say ceta and that has already been in negotiations for seven years . 
  honestly sturgeon seems very much like she has a good idea how she wants to go forward with scotland . 
  born in 94 can not confirm, 
  well i personally do not like voting csu either , but that is primarily because i do not like seehofer at all . 
  i also consider voting fdp , but i prefer a stronger conservative voice in the government and frankly i do not believe that cdu/csu + fdp is possible . 
  so overall i probably will still vote csu . 
  overall i agree on your assesment on sch\u00e4uble and steinmeier and i think they have done a good job . 
  steinmeier is one of the only spd politicians that i actually think are good . 
  who do you think would lead our country better ? 
  but the country did not get broken up, 
  austria did not get divided after ww2 . 
  merkel is probably the most reasonable leader we have in europe . 
  the current polish government seems to be pretty anti german though, 
  germany , france and the benelux do !, 
  and other people here in germany might have never voted for anyone who in turn voted for merkel . 
  people in poland may have never voted for anyone that voted for szydlo but still these are ( at least nominally ) the leaders of our countries . 
  italy belongs to the core group . 
  they are literally part of the six founding states . 
  also interestingly austria is in none of your groups . 
  but there still needs to be a leadership until reelections can be called for example . 
  there needs to be a contingency plan on what to happen especially when the implications are so huge for the country if leave wins . 
  i also do not think that in times of crisis having the entire government step down is wise . 
  this is when you need stability . 
  see it would be fine if that vote of confidence did not have immediate ramifications , but this vote does have massive implications for the entire uk and those wo n't wait until there is a new government in place . 
  nigel farage does . 
  this really is just banter, 
  there is also no real reason for this to happen . 
  it is just more practical as everyone already speaks english . 
   cameron rejects invoking a50 until informal talks concluded . 
   i guess as informal talks have concluded now he can invoke article 50 . 
  no that is the united states . 
  france is second and the uk is third .
