  it has also been reported that he visited winnenden . 
  i have not seen any of the usual press talk about any political motivation, 
  nope . 
  they just get lumped in with `` osteurop\u00e4er '', 
  the attacks against muslims are a lot harsher than what gets thrown at christianity . 
  just read what trump says for example . 
  you will find a number of people demanding that we cleanse europe of all muslims ... 
  so then you attack people for their conservative policy . 
  that is not necessarily linked to religion . 
  would you want to be constantly attacked for your religion ? 
  i certainly would not want to be attacked for being christian, 
  it seems more like the hate towards muslims has played a role in this than islam itself, 
  yeah i also just heard it on br where they had one of the police aswell , but the tone of the message is significantly different in german . 
  more that he studied breiviks attack, 
  do you have the original source on this ? 
  which major ones have said that ? 
  i already forgot the shootout in the train in w\u00fcrzburg !, 
  because the terrorists always have guns !, 
  germany is governed by a centre right - centre left coalition . 
  france is being governed by centre left and i would call the us government centre right . 
  the final solution ? 
  the difference is tht the eu is not a state . 
  how is stripping eu benefits when leaving the eu a punishment ? 
  it is a question that can and has to be asked . 
  in this case the clear answer to me is yes , but that does not make the question any less valid . 
  no of course not , but i am certainly not going to fault policemen for using lethal force if a man with an axe is charging at them, 
  you can get a life sentence , but after 15 years there is the possibility for parole . 
  a judge can also rule to `` sicherheitsverwahrung '' , preventive imprisonment , but that has to be reviewed every 2 ( ? ), 
  years . 
  also you can not be sentenced to life without parole as far as i am aware in germany . 
  when has the german government flip flopped on nato commitments ? 
  no only those allowed under the npt should build nukes . 
  i do not think that abandoning that treaty will make europe more secure, 
  german citizens not the government . 
  also this is during peacetime, 
  well sure . 
  where do you want to do stops fling from the us to the middle east then for example ? 
  thats more a function of the us being very sparsely populated, 
  you already withdrew almost all american soldiers from europe ... 
  i think i missed the part where germany demanded the american military budget be that high . 
  would you prefer if germany had to field its own nuclear deterrent ? 
  do you think the world would be a safer place if more countries had nukes ? 
  the thing about nonbinding agreements is exactly that . 
  they are nonbinding, 
  i 'd vote epp , but i 'd also consider alde, 
  i am talking about salazar 's portugal . 
  you probably should not take only that one part of a sentence out of context . 
  the article says `` the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all '' and i do not think sending a single drone would be the reaction by the us if they were attacked . 
  that said of course nobody could force the us to act . 
  i also do not see how saying that there are no requirements and only guidelines for spending is disingenous . 
  that is how it is , it is only a guideline and not a treaty obligation . 
  calculated on your income or on your parent 's income ? 
  you did not even have to pay an administrative fee ? 
  for me i am paying roughly 100 $ a semester , but that comes with a public transport ticket, 
  i pay 200 $ a year !, 
  we had dictatorships in nato before ... heck one of the founding members of nato was a dictatorship at the time . 
  nato is a military alliance primarily and as much as i would prefer to not have to associate with turkey they are in quite a valuable position, 
  a treaty is not void because there is no enforcement possible . 
  a lot of international treaties can not be enforced . 
  the spending guidelines are not part of the treaty though . 
  so he wants the us to leave nato ? 
  the whole alliance is pointless if you do not hold up the guarantee of mutual defense, 
  yes , but our military also follows vastly different tasks thant he us army ... also nobody is forcing the us to have that high military spending , they are free to reduce it , if they think that that is what serves them best . 
  there are no obligations on spending . 
  trump may wish this was more than a guideline , but factually it is not . 
   his point is that freeloaders should finally do something about their militaries and spend money according to requirements of nato . 
   there are no nato requirements on military spending . 
  there are only nato guidelines, 
   they want to earn more money , they want jobs , they can get those in germany much easier than they can in spain . 
  a migrant would earn way more working under the table than he would receive from his asylum allowance in spain . 
   if that is the case we have to crack down more on under the table work . 
  and again i think the threat of immediate deportation back to spain if caught should be quite effective . 
   how do you know which ones are extremists ? 
  illegal labor is part of this issue . 
  yeah figuring out which are extremists is hard to impossible . 
  still i think illegal labour while a problem is only of secondary concern here . 
  it is not something you can solve easily . 
   so , again , this is a decision made by germany to allow any individual coming from syria asylum in germany . 
  no other country has an obligation here . 
  greece and hungary had the obligation under the dublin agreement to provide adequate shelter and not let them pass on . 
  they pretty much directly ignored these obligations . 
   the problem is that they are n't applying for asylum in the right country , they are n't being deported ( at all ) , and even if they are put in an asylum system they just vanish . 
  so the problem is rather in insufficient enforcement of deportation laws ? 
  and yes getting these deportations through can take months , but that is because we have rule of law here and people have the right to appeal decisions . 
   if greece is the closest safe country , then yes . 
  they should then be processed in greece , and dealt with according to dublin regulations . 
  well it depends if you count turkey as a safe country . 
  turkey is not a signatory of the 1967 convention on non-european refugees ( the 1951 one does cover only european refugees ) . 
  now we tried to enforce the dublin regulation . 
  and you know why it fails ? 
  because the countries on the border have exactly 0 incentive to enforce it . 
   right , but what 's stopping them from just ... leaving again ? 
  there are no internal borders within the schengen . 
  literally the best case scenario is people are deported back to another european country , and the moment they have the funds available they jump back on a train to germany or sweden . 
  and what is that supposed to accomplish ? 
  i mean i guess you can penalize people for doing that . 
   this seems very expensive , and given the fact we ca n't even keep track of thousands of children i doubt we 'd be able to keep track of every adult who may pose an illegal work risk . 
  it 's not realistic . 
  you only have to keep an eye on extremists . 
  illegal labor exists anyways and is a seperate issue .
