  right , but we do n't have that inflation . 
  i think we just have fundamentally differing oppinions on why people are not investing though and maybe these reasons also differ with us being from different countries . 
  to me it feels like a lot of scaremongering at a time where the economy is actually doing pretty damn fine . 
  well a lot of people here on this sub at least do not really care for being a moral authority , at least not when it does n't suit them . 
  but it 's not like there is lots of investment going on . 
  people are so scared even if the economy is doing fairly well . 
  hell we have the lowest unemployment since reunification and are closing in on full employment in some areas . 
  and with how low interest rates there currently are people save more because well you got ta make up the lost interest somehow , all the while rents and property prices are rising because that 's where people put their money because nothing else really gives yields and the ecb is consistently worsening this . 
  i mean what would we have said 40 years ago that some parts of the soviet union would join the eu . 
  yes the russians brought that flag down and hoisted a soviet flag, 
  how about the next time we make a ww1 game we make it without germany ? 
  uhm i would not call ww1 a victory for russia ... 
  launch a preemptive strike ? 
   some w. european countries wo n't have balls to support that , most likely it would be german government . 
  even though i also consider it most realistic thing since we ca n't defend ourselves , other countries ca n't really defend us either , we 're stable democratic nation , no mad man is going to launch nuke out of blue , we 're capable of getting one , but are we capable of maintaining it ? 
  i do n't really know . 
   what would you say if the german government now announced that it would be building nuclear weapons to defend against the russian threat and reduce our reliance on nato ? 
  ( and in contrast to the baltics germany would actually have the means to build nuclear weapons on its own ), 
   they will certainly not think so once the lithuanians , estonians , or letvians have enough nuclear tipped missiles aimed at russia to end civilization as we know it . 
  yes they would swoop in before the nuclear arsenal is finished after the baltics already antagonized their neighbors . 
  and where the fuck do the baltics even get the necessary infrastructure from to build nukes and missiles ? 
   it wo n't even be that difficult , since the americans and the rest of nato are no more interested in seeing the world go up in smoke than the russians are , nato will have to give the baltics all the troops they need to feel safe , just to stop proliferation of the nuclear weapons could destroy all of human civilization . 
  you could also launch a cooperative nato russia mission to end the baltic nuclear program ( and how would the baltics even muster a nuclear program ? 
  how do you get the materials ? ), 
   to those of you who doubt the baltic states could achieve such a program , remember that israel did it when they had a population of only three million back in 1966 . 
  back in '66 the world was poorer and nuclear technology was n't as widely available , the baltics are certainly capable of doing it . 
  israel did it with the backing of the united states of america . 
  that is a huge difference . 
   i see germany is helping a lot in that . 
  / s  germany is `` only '' getting close to 40 % of its gas from russia . 
  how high is that number for estonia again ? 
   by suspending it . 
  no the only thing that was suspended were the dublin deportations , which by the way were also ruled unconstititutional , because it apparently violates human dignity to deport back to these camps in say hungary . 
   wanted to apply border controls and process people before allowing them to wander around willy nilly . 
  they wanted what we 're all doing now , and were called right wing , xenophobic bigots by the hypocritical germans . 
  primarily what eastern europe wanted was no muslims in their countries with complete disregard for the people fleeing . 
  they also do not acknowledge that the dublin system simply is not workinganymore, 
  this is literally the law . 
  there is no upper limit enshrined in german law . 
   and she should have also said that refugees will not make germany their home , only temporary protection is guaranteed . 
  so like repeatedly saying that everyone will have to go back once the war is over and it is safe again ? 
   i agree that merkel did not explicitly invite the whole world , but she was slow in clarifying and less public than her positive statements merkel ca n't control what the newspapers write . 
   its well known germany not only encouraged them but suspended dublin allowing them to reach germany and pressured other countries to accept them . 
  all because they wanted more migrants for the workforce . 
   the dublin regulation would have forced greece and hungary whereever they enter first to register refugees and care for them and ensure that they do not travel on . 
  if anything it was these countries breaking the dublin rules , though admittedly germany allowed people to travel through to sweden . 
   eastern europe did what 's best for themselves and europe as a whole . 
  germany did what 's best for itself and tried to dick everybody else over , as usual . 
  germany certainly did not do what is `` the best '' for germany , what it did was trying to apply our asylum law , while eastern europe ignored these laws . 
   complete with funny clip of her petting a child . 
  the one where she said that germany can not help everyone which got the girl to cry ? 
  can you give me any proper source where such an invitation would be articulated with a direct quote from merkel ? 
  the quotes were spinned into the direction of being an `` invitation '' by the british press . 
  the polish government has ramped up its anti german rhetorics quite a bit, 
  what does this have to do with this ? 
  russia is a good chunk in europe in fact russia is the single country that has by far the most territory in europe . 
  that will triger the guillotine clauses . 
  it is not like the eu is not respecting the swiss vote , but the swiss also have to know the consequences . 
  sch\u00e4uble may not speak for the government always , but he still is one of the most important and most respected politicians in germany . 
  the point is that you should call insults insults, 
  critzising is quite an euphemism here . 
  unless you would call it criticism of you if i called you a `` goatfucking pedophile '' ( which is obviously ridiculous , but still ), 
  said peace treaty was signed in 1991, 
  more like wanting out of europe for the reasons articulated and then joining the eea makes no sense at all ... 
  german exit of the eu simply will not happen , without something extremely dramatic . 
  do you think the uk will start a trade war it is most likely bound to lose , because they ca n't get everything like they want it ? 
  against what threat are we defending though ? 
  we ca n't really do much against the russians alone . 
  china could probably erase germany through nuclear missiles , but there is not much risk of a conventional war simply due to geography . 
  with the rest of the powers that could potentially be a threat to grmany militarily we are already allied . 
  the fact i would be interested in is , what france and britain would actually say if we would rise our military power to a lvl that is inline with our economic power lots of nazi comparisons most likely . 
   for now the military budged of france , britain and germany looks kind of inline to balance these three countries . 
  would love to hear you thoughts on that . 
  the military power between the three countries is not balanced at all . 
  well maybe france and the uk are somewhat at parity but both trump germany and i doubt we can reach their military might , simply because they will have nukes and we do not , but overall this point is quite moot as long as they are our allies . 
  and when has there been an attack on a nato member and nato did not stand united ? 
   before any brexit even happens , i 'm supposed to name specific party officials who i think might be amenable to accepting automotive industry campaign funding ? 
   there is little chance the cdu will nominate someone else than merkel . 
  there are no primaries in germany . 
  also what makes you think he does not care about the automotive industry ? 
   yes , that 's part of why i think sch\u00e4uble 's current statement is mostly just a jab at british nationals than it is a real threat . 
  why ? 
  you can very much negotitate a trade agreement without both being part of the same single market . 
  germany and the us are also notboth part of the same single market ...  ... but it 's entirely true that if the uk were to have an unfavorable trade position , with some room for policy to gain them similar or the same position they have now with respect to germany - - a lot of german industry would in fact lobby government/fund campaigns , etc. 
  of course the industry will lobby , why are we even debating that ? 
  and i do not see how the uk coud be in a favorable position going into these negotiations ... 
  these politicians are demanding something they know is unrealistic to get though . 
  they are demanding an exception to the very pillars . 
  i think we could do more , but what is really our goal in it ? 
  i think that basically changing how much we do for nato would require changing entirely on how germany is looking at miliatry . 
   do n't forget the u.s money because of that in germany does the us pay pacht for these bases ? 
  or is that still falling under occupied ground ? 
  yes , but these also abide by the eu rules , importantly there is also freedom of movement there . 
  becaus that is not a rule . 
  it is a loose guideline to do so . 
  an attempt to make that a fixed rule was smitten down by canada and germany amongst others, 
  i never said there will be no trade agreement ... 
  right , but this is only aboout eea not being ap ossibility most likely, 
  and all muslims are by default uncivilized ? 
   the taboo in the use of nuclear weapons is at this point so strong it is unlikely a country would use them unless its own existence was threatened .
