  so your solution is just to abolish the right to asylum ? 
  you know the reason that the eu ca n't get anythign accomplished is because it does n't have the power ? 
  you ca n't complain that you do n't want to cede any power and that the body you do n't cede power to does n't get shit done, 
  time to summon the ambassador !, 
  i mean germany increasing the defense budget is a fact , at least that you have to concede . 
   on a public platform maybe . 
  but economically and financially ( the shit people do n't read about ) they have bent nations over barrels and are still doing so . 
  i guess you could say so for africa , but again that applies to the entire western ( and eastern ) world . 
  do n't forget it was germany that pusehd for a compromise with greece instead of letting the country collapse for example . 
   most of europe is n't visibly re-arming in a time of no war . 
  this is n't just about the missile test . 
  i 'm aware of the army expansion as well . 
  ok so germany is expanding to a niveau significantly smaller than the armed forces of the uk again ? 
  everyone has been bugging germany to increase its military budget . 
  if you are not aware that pretty much collapsed since reunifications . 
   just answer me this , why are germany building hardware and expanding it 's forces right now ? 
  it seems odd . 
  what are they preparing for ? 
  everyone else is dis-arming and retracting ( except the u.s of course ) so why would germany be doing the opposite ? 
  because the foreign threat from russia specifically is getting bigger ? 
  also a lot of other countries mostly in eastern europe are also increasing military budget . 
  you also ca n't use cold war equipment forever . 
  germany was at a time where we had an ammunition supply for only two days ... you sound quite a bit paranoid about german military and a bit detached from reality tbh, 
  i 'd think that living in germany is also more expensive, 
  i mean they 'd get more on welfare , which they also could apply for . 
   germany is a very aggressive nation politically i think you can use a lot of words to describe german foreign policy . 
  aggressiveness certainly is not one of them . 
  if anything it is usually extremely focussed on reaching compromises . 
   they have shown to be aggressive militarily in the past . 
  so has most of europe . 
  germany just lost, 
  it 's not like germany is buiding nuclear weapons ... 
  it 's funny you bring up this because these incidents were pretty much entirely the fault of the referendum and tsipras leaving the negotiations, 
  when did tsipras ever had any sort of backing of his idea ? 
  it was far from only germany that was against tsipras and also has nothing to do with the ecb . 
  the euro is far weaker than a deutsche mark would be . 
  the ecb does not really care about germany . 
  germany ? 
  you also see the netherlands and germany doing well ? 
  we both have the euro . 
  it seems like the situation in denmark is similar to the one in germany . 
  both countries also have very low unemployment, 
  actually fairly realistic article, 
  merkels popularity has fallen a lot in germany too . 
  just that having her popularity fall a lot still leaves her pretty popular because she was incredibly popular before, 
  i think that does not prevent us from being one of the most immigration friendly countries . 
  that just means we are better than most which we are in my oppinion . 
  i have to admit i personally view a lot of people of turkish descent here still as turks , but i think i also view them as german . 
  hollandes approval rates never were as high as merkels approval rates though . 
  keep in mind she was closing in on 80 % approval which is pretty much unheard of in democracies, 
  it is actually agood artiicle though . 
  a lot closer to reality in germany than the vast majority of english press, 
   2 ) you 're right . 
  i can only say that there must have been something better , because it only seems like germany accepted migrants , only to sell them to turkey , wasting everyone 's time and money and making sure that neither the far right or the left are happy , the former due to replacing syrians with turks and the latter due to human rights violations involved . 
  as far as i am aware the turkey deal does not cover any people currently in germany already . 
  also any compromise will leave the extremist spectrums unhappy . 
  that 's why it 's a compromise . 
   4 ) yes . 
  the average immigration rate in france is in the 14 thousands , and you 're suggesting something that is an extra order of magnitude . 
  we 're already seeing problems in immigration with the calais jungle and mass unemployment . 
  if you are confident in your government doing it 's duty , than it 's good for you , but i do n't anyone thinks it 's worth it . 
  please do n't mix up asylum and immigration . 
  and yes it is an order of magnitude more but france is also a country of 66 million . 
  120k would not even be a promille of the french population . 
  my perspective also might be different here considering that germany took in over a million people and 120k compared to one million is little . 
  we also do n't take in refugees because it benefits our countries directly we do it because it is the right thing to do . 
  of course there are practical limits though . 
   5 ) actually , it 's because germany is saying how everyone should go forward , and most nations are against that , at least to me . 
  there might not be even a european union if the next round of elections go badly . 
  i 'm sorry , but to continue when everyone else is saying stop is pure ideological fanaticism which will only drive other people away . 
  but most nations are only against it while not proposing any solutions . 
  and as far as i am aware germany also gathered enough support for the quota system to make it law even if it is not enforced by the eu . 
  right which is why we do n't speak to isil but should speak with nk . 
  i probably was not precise enough here . 
  i think it was important domestically to create a welcoming culture simply to make it even possible to take in the number of refugees because you needed volunteers and avoid a second lichtenhagen . 
  i also do not deny that there was a prescribed welcoming culture , but saying that merkel somehow invited people is plain wrong . 
   how should the refugees have been distributed ? 
  who knows , certainly not with a system like quotas that generates resentment . 
  the current deal with turkey has only exacerbated human suffering . 
  see , but ca n't you see how it is a problem only saying what you not want ? 
  we need a solution that maintains some basic principles at least . 
   are you surprised how unpopular this has been ? 
  far right parties are on the rise and the eu is fragmenting with `` just '' the amount you 've described . 
  anything more is not sustainable . 
  anything more ? 
  most european countries are only sustaining what is a pretty negligible number of asylum seekers . 
   this problem did n't have a clever solution where we could take all the refugees with the limited bureaucracy and resources available . 
  will germany fund efforts to deport people after the war ? 
  because only they seem to believe that 's feasible . 
  the idea was to distribute the burden more equally . 
  it might be very troublesome for germany to sustain a million or more asylum seekers , but 150 or 200 thousand ? 
  not so much . 
  do you really think it would be extremely hard for france to sustain say 120 thousand refugees ? 
  it is only that huge an amount when its all concentrated . 
  and if countries fund deportations once the war is over should be on every country themselves and i personally am confident that the future german government at that time will also fund sending people back to syria . 
   you can keep pushing moralistic measures , and be stubborn about them like the proverbial oak , but do n't be surprised if everything breaks and if other nations are n't willing to follow what seems like a suicidal and delusional decision . 
  but is n't everyone breaking mostly because the european states can not agree at all on how to go forward ? 
  and yes i think these principles are important and if europe wo n't lead by example who will ? 
  i am pretty certian they care at least to an extent and if it just because it benefits them to be on better terms with the west . 
  there have been massive economic sanctions against russia and crimea specifically .
