  as far as i can tell he politiicans a least actively tried to salvage th situation . 
  i am getting a feeling that there is a lot of hatred brewing between greece and germany . 
  i really do n't like the lazy greeks hurr durr that you mentioned ( in fact i hate the bild , but it is one of the most important `` papers '' ) . 
  you get the voices from greece aswell hating on germany and i do n't think this is a good thing overall . 
  i think there are two things . 
  one is that germany generally is a fairly easy target to take blame , after all our country is quite used to it by now ( as much as it annoys me and other young people by now ) , another reason is that germany has been one of the country that has been big on `` austerity '' and in general is probably the most powerful fo the 18 states . 
  i think a big part of the problem is that the discussion is lead too much on idealism and ideology rather than pragmatism and calculation . 
  it just seems like a really stupid move to get this referendum to me . 
  it basically means no matter what the result for greece will be pretty bad ( in my oppinion ) . 
  either you quit negotiations essentialy forcing a grexit if the no vote passes or leaving a big political vaccuum and no government left to negotiate with . 
  honestly i am not decided if it is best for greece to stay in euro or leave it . 
  both have their merits , but to me the behavior of the greek government just seems pretty unprofessional and to much based around ideology rather than actually finding soliutions for the problems , because you wo n't get a solution by doing this referendum . 
  the only point i can see in this referendum is that syriza is trying to get their power backed up by their people or saying that the government failed if the referendum fails . 
  to me it looks like the european countries tried to negotitate all the time and accepted that nobody can get 100 % , but it seems like syriza is not willing to negotiate . 
  i also do n't see a good reason why the european states would want to force greece out of the euro because as you said it wo n't get us the our money back . 
  i just feel like the greek government is throwing out the trust and is making this about power . 
  as for greece flirting with russia , i do n't think greece is of big enough geopolitical relevance to really worry about that too much and russia does n't have that much money anyways . 
  i also like the idea of a unified europe but it just seems utopian to me . 
  the interests of the countries are just way different . 
  i also think it is right to bully newer members into accepting human rights and health benefits and the likes , but i think what you said about cutting peoples incomes this may be painful at times but when it is necessary to do so it is necessary . 
  if your wages grow way faster than the gdp and the amount of new debts skyrockets that will backfire some time requiring to reasses incomes . 
  also it is not like there are a lot of alternatives to supporting the banks . 
  the risk if a bank crashes is just so high that it will cause a big economic downfall . 
  also you can not do so much for the people if the income rises to a not sustainable level you will hit the ground at sometimes and the higher you fall from the more it hurts . 
  i also think it is right to have he finance ministers manage this because this is majorly an issue of money and those are the institutions that have the expertise in this field . 
  i do n't think too many political gestures ( like this referendum ) will change anything and i think the politicians should rather invest their time into finding actual solutions, 
  it has less consequences on international stock markets . 
  it also has less impact on the euro . 
  it will not cause a ripple effect it could have caused 5 years ago which is a good thing i believe . 
  just look at how the stock markets reacted today, 
  honestly if you do n't want any help then get fucked and we cut our losses . 
  greece at least is not system-relevant anymore . 
  so the idea that you should not spend significantly more money that you have is extremely right now ? 
  that does not even make sense . 
  how the fuck is a policy that says do n't spend too much money you do n't have not centered ? 
   it is more complicated than that , greece not only is capable of paying all the debt back but has been trying to negotiate a deal to do such . 
  so what happend last weekend when greece simply left negotiations ? 
  also if a country has 15 % of gdp as a deficit in state spendings you have to reduce that to a reasonably amount ( not 0 % , but 3-4 % maybe ) . 
  i just get the impression that greece is just consistently asking for more and more money without actually having a real plan to pay them back . 
  also politicians should not reach a state of i do n't give a fuck anymore because that is a great recipe for disaster . 
  they are there to negotiate calmly and in a rational manner . 
  also it seems absurd that greece decides that they just submit suggestions and say we wo n't back down take it or suck it and then expect the people they are negotiating with to not be upset . 
  if you ask for more money and then do n't accept that the people that give you the fucking money have some terms aswel then do n't take the money . 
  well next weekend we will see if we have a greece in europe or not . 
   the referendum is whether or not they are willing to accept the bailout package that bailout package is off the table tho because the greece government left the negotitotaions . 
  nobody is saying the greek ca n't do their referendum it just does n't make a whole lot of sense . 
  the consequences of a greek no vote to me are quite clear . 
  it will be a defaulting of greece and because they simply do n't have euros anymore they will be forced to introduce their own currency and there we have our grexit  the politicians have been consistent in their insistence that `` there is no formal legislation to remove someone from the eu/ez '' there is no formal legislation to expulse someone from the eu/ez . 
  article 50 of the lisbon treaty says `` 1 . 
  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . '', 
  so greece could very well exit the eu and ez as their own decision . 
  it is just that our german government can not say greece has to leave the euro and kick them out of the euro , but the greek government can exit it . 
  why should i not have an oppinion on what will happen ? 
  is n't that one very democratic value in itself ? 
  also i am really sure that this referendum is all but `` one of the most democratic things '' . 
  it will be executed democratically , but primarily this is a vote that either will cause syriza to fall or will cause syriza to stand with probably an exit outo f the eu and the ez . 
  i also do n't say that the greek people should not have a vote on how their government acts , i just get the very distinct feeling that this is a desperation move by syriza to stay in power and if the referendum fails they are pretty much out most likely, 
  so you would have preffered if the greek government had defaulted significantly sooner possibly dragging down the entire eurozone and just reinforcing the crisis ? 
  they are even named `` coalition of radical left '' and they are extremely leftist in their policies . 
  so they want to fucking go to court that the other european countries have to lend them money where there is no ay of getting it back ? 
  they do n't want to negotiate anymore and now they want to sue that they get that money ? 
  that does n't even make sense to me at all . 
  i feel like the greek government is now more or less forcing a greek exit out of the euro zone, 
  if greece decides to exit the euro there is not exactly something we can do to stop them, 
  greece can not even be kicked out of the euro . 
  europe can apply political pressure on athens , but what the fuck do you expect when you say you do n't want to negotiate ? 
  if you do n't negotiate the support will end and greece will be forced to default and therefore probably be forced to exit the euro but not because of the eurozone , but rather because of political choices by syriza, 
  you can not make a referendum on a set of options that are not even available . 
  that just makes no sense . 
  the `` coalition of radical left '' is not radical left ? 
  maybe syriza should change their name then . 
  people might come to the idea that if a party names it self coalition of radical left , they might radical left . 
  well i am certainly not part of your our then, 
  yeah because if you loan somebody money he is free to not pay it back ? 
  then why do we even make treaties ? 
  also didyou really just compare the greek situation to the holocaust ? 
  sorry , but this is really just sad , really , really sad ... 
  it is our fault if we offer you money so you can repay your debts and then you say `` fuck you '' and we just wo n't pay back ? 
  i think part of the big impact that greece leaving the eurozone is that it is a political failure of our politicians . 
  also how do you think greece will go for th next 3-4 years without declaring bankruptcy ? 
  also is n't it solidarity to pump money into the country to take the debt onto public side and then greece just leaves the negotiation table ? 
  see i do n't like how this turns out for the greek people but the greek government look more and more like lunatics to me, 
  so you ask for a loan then you say fuck the people that lended you money and say they are the fools because they lended you money ? 
  honestly that is what gets people enraged over here, 
  in the past ? 
  no there were no other options . 
  you could have ended up with the french which would have probably ended up somewhere in between , but i much rather take growing up in the former american zone than in the soviet zone, 
  yep that 's exactly it . 
  people do n't care about it enough that they will swap their votes around it so it is n't a political priority so it does n't get changed . 
  you get majorities for it even in the ruling cdu ( albeit not a big one there ) , but the people that really are in power are the ones that are more against it that 's why they are not fully equalized . 
  note that also in germany you can get registered partnerships which are not exactly marriages but also not nothing, 
  i think she is most likely just an older woman with conservative values . 
  i doubt she would stick to it tho if it were to prove politically unholdable tbh, 
  that was more an excourse in history . 
  i grew up in an area that could have ended up in the soviet zone but ended up in the american, 
  i meant because i called guadeloupe a colony . 
  at least i now know more about the history and political situation in the french antilles :d, 
  i do n't think the government has power about accounts outside of greece and millionaires/billionaires will have stored it . 
  i doubt they have more than a minor part of their assets in greece by now . 
  the majority of these has probably already been moved out in the past months/years,
