  it does n't need to be the largest , but it is one of the largest and that is probably enough . 
  see i do n't like the bank either , but i dislike the idea of a new financial crisis a lot more with potentially uncontrollable consequences, 
  the collapse of lehman brothers and the ensuing global financial crisis ? 
  you literally could n't have missed that crisis . 
  eurobonds have no chance absolutely no chance of happening , they are politically completely unviable . 
  the eu institutions will also cetainly not be doing anything about fall out in the us . 
  the us that might have played its own not small part in bringing deutsche down . 
  pretty much regardless what happens it wo n't be managers that will be paying . 
  if deutsche goes bankrupt then yes . 
  now that if is still fairly big right now but no longer impossible, 
  we could also see multiple southern european states go bankrupt completely in the process of that including the political upheaval that comes with that . 
  for example to save your own ass ? 
  do you think a crisis that would be caused by deutsche collapsing would leave the us unscathed ? 
  i am really puzzled why people here seem to want to see deutsche collapse so badly . 
  has everyone already forgotten 2008 ? 
  like the system reset that happened after the crisis in the 20s ? 
  germany is running a government surplus . 
  that leaves room for debt under the stability agreements . 
  greece , italy portugal do n't do that and still want to run more debt . 
  for greece even worse because the country gets massive amounts of financing from the rest of the ez . 
  i am also not sure how you see the german government going bankrupt here but ok , but i guess you are too deep in anyways . 
  italy has been told they ca n't bail out their banks without first letting investors bleed too . 
  italy just does n't want that . 
  like the austerity germany has been employing since 2010 ? 
  and if germany does n't we will have another world wide crisis on our hands assuming worst comes to worst and deutsche is on the brink of collapsing . 
  germany has also been subscribing to austerity itself . 
  also unlike greece germany wants to spend german money not foreign money . 
  if deutsche collapses the damage will definitely not be contained to germany . 
  the german government can probably economically afford not to bail out deutsche if worst comes to worst . 
  nobody wants another 2008, 
  money does not go bad . 
  here are some from a german chocolate manufacturer : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/wissen/zukunftsvision-im-jahr-mit-der-schiffseisenbahn-zum-nordpol-1.1943137, 
  the thing is you have to sell of things . 
  you also might have to sell of things you do n't want to sell off to raise enough money . 
  ultimately what is sold of should be decided by greece but there should be a sum of money that has to be met and if it does n't the lenders should be able to sell stuff, 
  so the imf dares to make a profit too while still charging way way less than greece would pay on the market and german government bonds are seen as safe contrary to greece ? 
  these things do not mean at all that the bailouts are not in part done just to benefit greece  lending money to a man in need and pimping him out are two totally different things . 
  of course and lending a man in need money has happened . 
  just that that man was asked to sell some of his belongings to make him able to pay the debt he has accrued . 
  merkel the one who pushed for a softer deal with greece ? 
   no of course not . 
  they should n't have to pay for something that 's not theirs . 
  but that is exactly what the rest of the ez has been doing acting as lender of last resort to greece . 
  where else do you think greece can get money from ? 
  how is that not solidarity ? 
  should the rest of the ez in your oppinion have let the greek state collapse and forced greece out of the ez just sending the red cross for humanitarian aid . 
  the fear of a great collapse also was not really all that huge anymore by last year . 
  well the azores for example are significantly closer to the us than ireland . 
  saint pierre and miquelon is also just like 25 km from canada . 
  well yeah they were not happy with migrants . 
  they were also spreading nazi propaganda which is the thing that got them in trouble . 
  also as far as the law is concerned private facebook groups are considered in the way it would be considered private if i was talking to my sister or close friends at home . 
  https://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/130.html this for example . 
  it is not that hard to find the laws regarding hate speech in germany ... 
  the issue is that it is up for distributors to moderate these things out , but facebook for example just does not act which is why there is a deadline, 
  yeah nato . 
  without the us protection i honestly doubt europe could withstand russia . 
  it is the rouble that lost a lot not the russian economy that lost . 
  or do you want to legitmately tell me that the russian economy lost a third from 2014 to 2015 ? 
  if anything it is bound to the price of oil . 
  russia also still is one of the biggest military mights in the world rivalled only really by the us and possibly china . 
  russia may no longer be the soviet union but it still is a major player in the world like the eu , the united states or china . 
  man did you remember how people acted when merkels favourability rating fell below 50 % ? 
  in germany you generally only always learn a third language on the gymnasium . 
  depending on state there are some lessons in third language in the realschule too . 
  i personally learned english and latin in school ( latin for some reason is still pretty widespread as a subject ), 
  i am pretty sure germany does not have data on share of right wing extremist . 
  how do you even define that ? 
  well we have the police report to base this on . 
  this also does not seem like the style of attack one would expect from isis . 
  oh i know :d, 
  luxembourgish is signficantly closer to german than dutch though . 
  do they erally teach german as a foreign language in luxembourg ? 
  i think so too . 
  that he has rebuilt his reputation . 
  that just seemed so directly pointed at sch\u00e4uble, 
  the issue is that the chancellor can only go so far against the will of the populace . 
  all the bailouts were already quite a stretch . 
  merkel was among those that only made these bailouts possible . 
  he is only slightly older than adenauer when he became chancellor and i do n't think him sitting in a wheelchair really is an issue, 
   b ) is not involved with any corruption scandal . 
  so basically not sch\u00e4uble ? 
  or are there any other scandals involving current politicians that i do n't know off ? 
  that said i think sch\u00e4uble would make a decent chancellor certainly my favourite from the rest of the candidates, 
  that law would be superseded by eu law, 
  even if that law were to pass it would most likely fail in eu courts . 
  he is the very cause of the mockery though . 
  ireland is definitely not the closest to the us . 
  i 'd actually be curious which country in europe actually is closest . 
  france should be closest to canada at least . 
  if both win i think we are in for some potentially very dark times, 
  in some of the coalitioon wars france didnt invade england and england didnt invade france . 
  they fought at sea, 
  it depends . 
  le pen just is significantly less likely than trump at this point, 
  that is potentially very dangerous to think that way, 
  a quota is paramount to securing borders . 
  because without a quota you have no plan on what to do with approved refugees which lets the whole secure the border idea fall apart because if the border states get stuck with people they will allow them to slip through, 
  yes only the vast vast majority of people in germany i guess, 
  the thing is why should we give them the choice of where to go ?
