  it seems more akin to the us not reacting militarily to the 2009 coup in honduras . 
  it simply is something that seems to be more made up by the english speaking press than a title germany would give itself or even would want . 
  germany already was reluctant to be as leading as a position as it has in the eu and rightfully so . 
  we saw in 2015/16 that that is simply pointless . 
  but honestly what is the point ? 
  we wo n't be having a more credible deterrent if we spend 63 billion instead of 36 billion . 
  you also do n't solve the problem of there not being more recurits . 
  ceded in an act that was entirely administrative without even the consideration that the ussr might break up . 
  the people locally idenitfy as russian . 
  they tried to hold an independence referendum in the 90s . 
  ultimately it is in my oppinion the people of crimea that have a claim to crimea and i think it at least is pretty clear that they do not identify with ukraine . 
  you could definitely argue that it was the russian empire that was responsible for a good part of the russification of crimea . 
  right . 
  and there are only 20 states that recognize taiwan . 
  and yet would you deny that taiwan is an indepent state and not part of china ? 
  well the difference here is that k\u00f6nigsberg was won in war while crimea going to ukraine was largely an administrative act in the 50s ... 
  uhm russia did collapse twice in its history ? 
  once 1917 and then 1992 . 
  not exactly a state that is incapable of staying stable . 
  you can look at a lot of european states that historically have been less stable . 
  if russia has no claim to crimea than what claim does ukraine have ? 
  let 's briefly take a look at the history of crimea crimea was won by the russian empire in the russo-turkish war from 1768-1774 and formally annexed by the russian empire in 1783 . 
  it then was russified and continued to be part of the russian empire until its collapse . 
  it then became an autonomous soviet republic in 1921 when the red army defeated the whites in crimea and continued to be this until 1945 when it officially became a part of the sfsr until it was handed to the ukrainian sfsr in 1954 by chrustchow in a mostly administrative act not even considering that the ussr might break up . 
  the country did not collapse often . 
  you get 1917 and if you are counting that the collapse of the soviet union . 
  that is not exactly more collapses than for a lot of other european countries . 
  well yes , but does that matter ? 
  they have translators . 
  also people simply do n't need english so they do n't use it which means they lose a lot of their school english . 
  it does not need to be mandatory if it is already reality . 
  is n't reformation usually said to have started in 1517 in wittenberg and not in geneva ? 
  is n't de facto english already the mandatory second language all over the eu ? 
  that simply wo n't happen though . 
  people sure learn english in school , but simply do n't use it much . 
  not like you really need english in your day to day life like ever . 
  i do n't think you could get any sort of market penetration without dubbing it in germany . 
  well germany is consistenly among those that work the least hours on average . 
  according to the oecd an american worker worked 1790 hour in 2015 while a german worker worked 1371 hours . 
  for german workers the difference just seems to be that a significantly higher share of the time working is actually spent working than in say italy https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs, 
  yes , if you mean things like easter or christmas, 
  well tell that to the italians , the hungarians and the greeks . 
  4 week is the minimum demanded by law here though 5 or 6 weeks is common . 
  that was not banned already ? 
  the thing is unemployment did not take a meaningful hit . 
  simply because it was already really low in 2013 . 
  it does not really make a significant difference if 5 % or 4 % are unemplyed . 
  in fact you have people just being unable to fill positions by now . 
  wages are already rising quicker than in all the years before . 
  it does make a significant difference if you get 1.35 usd or 1.06 usd per euro though . 
  it does make a difference if you have to set away more money to save for retirement because you have to account for lack of interest . 
  it also ensures that rents and property prices are rising rapidly raising the threat of a bubble there simply becaue people have no outlets to profitably invest . 
  a low interest actively hurts savers and insurances though . 
  edit : it only helps you also if you get employed due to it . 
  otherwise you notice things like imports getting more expensive more, 
  well it is also just germans that get hurt by this . 
  then that makes no sense in this context , although it would be gramatically correct, 
  and on the other side you have people complaining the ecb being far too lose wiht monetary policy . 
  there is no such right as freedm from religion in public . 
  itwould also just be a crime to demolish historic churches, 
  why does this read like it is at least as much about germany as it is about greece ? 
  also i am sure the ez would be thrilled if the us took care of the greek problem , but i somehow doubt the us wants to finance greece . 
  sure nobody . 
  we also cant establish a system that just means the richer states just \u00fcay for the debt of thpse that fuck up or where is the incentive to not fuck up ? 
  so where is eu foreign policy ? 
  where are unified taxes ? 
  sure you could turn it into a state rather quickly but right now it is not more than a union of states, 
  of everyone is only offering loans at 20 % how is going to say 5 % not charity ? 
  because that would require a european state and that wont happen, 
  you do know germany is probably the fiercest critic oft the ecbs policy ? 
  germany just cant stop the ecb, 
  the eu us not a state like the us , the uk or germany ? 
  if you consider current interest rates on portugal bonds high , you should take a loook at pre euro rates, 
  there are rules for this , rules that i do n't know personally by heart because i just do that intuitively . 
  for f\u00fchrer it should be the - er ending that gives male away, 
  male not female . 
  sorry that 's just not true . 
  germany has been among those behind the sanctions on russia the most . 
  and there are good reasons not to sanction energy . 
  that would hurt us quite a lot too and might risk escalating the situation further as that would be potentially a heavy hit to russia . 
  a good chunk of europe also just simply relies on russia for gas . 
  and the netherlands only produce so much gas germany can buy . 
  well if it is hte only possible scenario we 'll have to wait and see . 
  i do not believe it will come down to that though , but i also have enough faith that cdu/csu will come out ahead of spd !, 
  frist of all this is german elections not for the europarliament . 
  and yes i do believe that the cdu/csu wo n't vote schulz into power . 
  rather going into oppsition with dignity or form a coalition with fdp and greens . 
  well we wo n't lose power  ca n't have the nutjobs from the left in government, 
  i do n't believe schulz can be elected chancellor without the aid from the pro russian left party . 
  uhm germany is among the most anti-russian countries in europe , or to be more precise the german government . 
  also it is nice that the uk has more natural ressources than germany , but it is not something we can magically make appear . 
  a government that has schulz as chancellor will have to involve the left in my oppinion and that will force them to take a more russia friendly stance . 
  i do not think fdp or cdu/csu will help elect schulz as chancellor . 
  i am pretty sure there is no cut and dry line here . 
  it is about what is perceived as glorifying the nazi regime . 
  if that falls under that might just be decided in court . 
  as for what i would think is that the haircut is not really a problem . 
  that mustache will get you looks though . 
  and these would be thrown out in court of law immediately ? 
  how could the government even use this to arrest people en massse unless they all decide to dress up as hitler in braunau ?
