  uhm he was german-iranian . 
  not sure where you get arab from . 
   for all he knew they were all persian why would he have a problem with persians ? 
  he is persian himself and the victims were not , they were turks and foreigners . 
  the article also states he hated turks and arabs . 
  we already have citizens chosing in elections already though , which in my oppinion is good . 
  i think referendums tend to be too much about what people feel and not what is . 
  for example if you created a referendum in turkey right now if the death penalty should be reintroduced that would probably win . 
   yes , which is why nobody wants to kill the company . 
  vw can be fined without going bankrupt . 
  too many companies are already considered too big to fail . 
  i hope that we are not going to consider that those companies are also too big to follow the rules . 
  and vw is going to be fined in europe too , just not to the absurd level the us has its fines . 
  and yes a fine the size the gdp of finland would kill of vw, 
  you pay me a bmw instead of a vw ? 
   this argument can work for any big company that has been breaking the rules , meaning that such rules are useless . 
  it just means that you do not impose fines in a size that would destroy these companies . 
  in europe there is also not a history of these extremely high fines . 
  do you really think it would make in any way sense to impose a $ 250 billion fine ( roughly the gdp of finland ) onto vw ? 
  what would that do other than bankrupt the company and send hundreds of thousands of people into unemployment ? 
  who gains from that ? 
  if you let citizens choose we will get muddy campaigns based only around emotions and lies . 
  just look at what happened in the uk . 
  people can not the extent of these referenda . 
  how is creating a referendum on such a complicated treaty such as ttip a good/fair thing to do ? 
  has n't the brexit referendum shown us why referendums on complex measures are problematic ? 
  no then i only know it is complex . 
  you also can not make special relativity `` clear as daylight '' to the public without anybody fucking with you there, 
  would n't in principle this fall under eu authority only anyways ? 
  trade is an eu domain . 
  oh then why do they not contribute to the unhcr or to development aid in the area ? 
  what has hungary for example done so that people do not have to flee ? 
  i only see them doing everything they can so they do not have to help . 
  also germany has been the largest single contributor in europe to the unhcr followeod by sweden ( http://www.unhcr.org/575e74567.html ) . 
  i also do not see why it would matter where people that come here to seek sanctuary want to live in europe . 
  they also do n't get to chose where they go to in germany . 
  i know i just wanted to mention the quote because it fits here . 
  i am also not rabidly anti religious as a lot of people here are, 
  yes , but should people fleeing from civil war not be granted asylum ? 
  yes , but i do not see germany being able to do that ion its own, 
  or to put it with marx `` religion is the opium of the people '', 
  isis provides material via the internet . 
  that is pretty much what isis does and yes these people will pick just whatever terrorist organization . 
  and how would tighter border controls accomplish that ? 
  these people can still apply for asylum at the border, 
  a mostly technical difference . 
  what paralyzed munich was not the attack itself . 
  it was the response to the attack with the police locking down the city ( which was completely justfieid obviously ) . 
  people have a heightened awareness currently to terror attacks being a possibility and as such the reactions are also more far reaching, 
  saying that isis is not causing these attacks at least to an extent seems quite the stretch to me . 
  sure isis might not organize the attacks themselves but they instigate and justify these crimes . 
  sure creating a martyr outoferdogan will make things a lot better . 
  if it ever came out that some european states assasinates the democratically elected leader of an ally that could in no way lead to a large war in europe . 
  this could in theory force an alliance between russia and turkey . 
  yes , but there were/are lots of countries that just do not care about these people fleeing from civil war at all and just want none in their own countries ... 
  why would greece or hungary want tighter border security and properly registering people applying for asylum if that means that they are stuck with them under the dublin regulations ? 
  and where do you take the infrastructure and the space to house hundreds of thousands of people in good living conditions there ? 
  i am not aware that these islands are that large and that there is the required infrastructure there . 
  also do you think it will be easy to get the required language experts to work there ? 
  and no there is no legal way to get to germany , but that does n't matter as long as greece , bulgaria , hungary , italy , etc. 
  just ignore the dublin agreement and do not register refugees . 
  that is the flaw in the system that it incentivizes countries to not enforce it . 
  also how do you think forcing people to live in camps for years will fly for the voters ? 
  you will draw concentration camps comparisons like that . 
  the most critical argument to me though is how you want to create a city the size of brussels or prague out of nothing, 
  that is pretty much exactly what happened . 
  he already had two failed suicide attempts, 
  i know . 
  it still does n't change that the way the current system is set up it inentivises border countries to not register refugees and for refugees to not want to register . 
  that is why i think you need central registration facilities from where you then can distribute refugees across europe . 
  that seems like the only viable long term solution, 
  yes . 
  it is not really a secret that the border states do not cover the schengen outer border well . 
  and why would they ? 
  under the dublin agreement they are stuck with every person they register, 
  man what could germany even do without being critisized ? 
  the dublin agreements have nothing to do with the schengen area . 
  the dublin agreement actually covers the entire eu + eea, 
  yes . 
  do n't people always say we should follow the dublin proceure more closely ? 
  he got denied asylum under dublin rules because he already had an approved claim to asylum in bulgaria . 
  i feel like that there are significantly more people now thought that know that this is bullshit at least . 
  turning a blind eye to this sort of crime is not pushing an agenda it is the norm . 
  this sort of crime usually does not get reported outside of local or maybe regional news . 
  there are more than 2000 cases of murder each year in germany, 
  just a clear up here : it was a d\u00f6ner knife . 
  we should probably also stop all immigration from ee too then i guess ? 
  yep . 
  the way i have seen it reported that the laws dictating how guns have to be decomissioned are pretty tough in germany , but less so in other europen countries . 
  yes you will never be 100 % secure , but that does not mean we should not make it harder to obtain guns / ammunition . 
  right and also limit accessibility to weapons like guns . 
  do you not agree that if the attacker in reutlingen had a gun instead of a machete most likely more people would have been killed/injured ? 
  what is censored aside from nazi insignia ? 
  the point still stands that guns are among the most efficient weapons for this kind of attack . 
  the kid could not have killed 9 people with a machete . 
  german law also covers `` nothilfe '' which would cover for example mowing down a person that directly attacksi another person with a machete with your card . 
  at least that is how i learned it at school, 
  there are also quite a lot of stretches where you can drive that fast on the highway in germany . 
  you have cars over 90 mph because you can get faster from a to b and there are plenty roads where you can drive faster than 90 mph, 
  no they just report that he has been somewhat obsessed with mass shootings .
