  in general the south is faring best in germany closing in on full employment, 
  but there are n't enough jews left for another holocaust !, 
  but that is not what she said . 
  the only thing she said is that the dublin procedure for syrian refugees will be stopped due to humanitarian concerns . 
  sadly that seems to be the position of a lot of eastern european countries and the uk, 
  which is pretty funny considering that i feel like austria is just as fine as germany . 
  these are two very similar countries in the center of europe with a lot of shared history, 
  it is usually implied that the city he names is the capital . 
  why else would it make sense to say i hope bonn doesnt follow suit ? 
  he said that he hoped bonn does n't follow suit . 
  and here in bavaria it is almost 75 %, 
  well the eu does not simply mean to reap be efits it als means shared reaponsibilities, 
  no way bavaria    nrw, 
  see we managed 13 million refugees in a country that was uteerly destroyed , with bombed out cities and we build that to the strongest economy in europe, 
  maybe you missed the memo but bonn hasnt heen the german capital in 25 years . 
  also that was the bavarian police, 
  well nobody forced you to become part of the eu, 
  well to be fair abou two thirds of germany technically still belong to a church , but descring germany as anything but secular seems just wrong, 
  and why is that relevant when discussing refugees according to the geneva convention ? 
  all the time you hear about labour shortgage and unfilled apprenticeships . 
  also i highly doubt it makes people against them that did not fight in the civil war . 
  did that post really contain some big anti-russian sentiment aswell as the demand to disband nato ? 
  some good old fashioned isolationism for the uk ? 
  that is entirely not the point of what merkel said tho . 
  she just said that germany wont check for dublin anymore for syrians that should not be an invitation for other countries to just let them through to germany ... 
  the point was that germany said it halts dublin process for syrians due to humanitarian reasons , that does not mean `` hey everyone just come to germany , no you others countries dont have to give a fuck we take em all '', 
  oh sure germany will still be taking in the most i would guess simply by virtue of being the biggest ( by population , gdp ) country in europe, 
  merkel seems to be heavily pushing for it . 
  but letting everyone just through to countries like germany is certainly not the solution, 
  the problem is that a lot of eastern european countries and countries like the uk just straight up refuse to participate, 
  for solely humanitarian reasons , because italys and greeces systems already cant handle shit, 
  but we the most in terms of raw numbers by far, 
  they were simply let through from vienna to munich and last tim i checked munich was in germany . 
  but that should have been done in greece or hungary and not in germany . 
  see i think we should set up a system where refugees are registered first in the countries they arrive and thenif accepted distributed across europe . 
  also yes it is clear that you ahve to help the countries that have refugees enter with this , but having people just freely flow is no solution, 
  i am giving hungary specifically this shit because this was in the news just oday . 
   i would like if we could send them back where they came from . 
  i do n't understand why we are not doing that . 
  because there are international rules regarding asylum . 
  there were massive amounts of german refugees aswell during and after world war two . 
  there is just a moral duty to help people that have civil war going on in their own countries, 
  yes , but if these countries pull shit like hungary letting people freely on trains to austria and if countries like greece and italy just can not handle the load what shall we do ? 
  we have to help these people . 
  enforcing dublin for syrians was only stopped due to humanitarian reasons . 
  i would like if we could establish a system where upon arrival in the schengen area , refugees could be registered and then distributed across europe safely , but we are far from that . 
  yes that why that poll is fairly useless, 
  they are under entirely different circumstances tho and need to be treated differently . 
  edit : or do you think that we should be treating the syrian fleeing from civil war the same way we should have treated the russians that were settled into the estonia or the british businessman trying to open a business ? 
  refugees ! = immigrants even tho people here seem to mix those two up a ton, 
  dont forget the romans forging an empire across all of europe !, 
  the thing is you can not enforce dublin simply because countries like italy or greece already can not handle the refugee problem . 
  the idea is to distribute them across the eu so they can get asylum in europe , but not necessarily all in sweden or germany . 
  i can assure you that the vast majority of germans would be opposed to this . 
  this is actually fairly common in germany . 
  people here geneally are friendly to people fleeing from wars . 
  is n't that ismply by virtue that there are the most medals to get in athletics ? 
  yep we got the slide aswell :p, 
  i feel like the majority of these do n't really apply at tum . 
  granted i am mostly at the garching campus , but there is only one card you get overall for everything , there are enough power outlets , there is the atrium where you can sit when you want or go to one of the libraries . 
  also there are exercises for every lecture with homework that get solved in small groups . 
  granted this will also wildly vary on what you study , but i found that most of this does n't apply studying math at tum, 
  i suppose this is partially due to where he studies . 
  i personally have not really experienced much of this studying at tum . 
  there are exercise groups for every lecture with a tutor and groups of 10 to 15 people where you do exercises can ask questions and solve them together . 
  xams are usually few questions you have to solve , time varies from an hour to three hours . 
  i only have exactly one card i use as student card for the library and paying in the mensa . 
  exams are usually managed well at least in the early semesters so that they are decently spaced apart . 
  solutions are generally uploaded . 
  the main bulding where i usually am is basically open 24/7 ( tho i never went there at late night ) and you can sit there and do your work or go up in the library also there are power outlets at every table . 
  i would guess that it varies wildly where you study . 
  here in the math department at tum i have not run into the majority of issues . 
  i just can not comment on stuff being available in english as i simply usually do not pay attention to that . 
  another quite interesting difference is that the universit\u00e4t zu k\u00f6ln has only around 45 % of the etat of the tum ( 550 million compared to 1.2 billion ) while having almost 50.000 students ( compared to 38.000 at tum ) and with that also less general staff and less professors . 
  there are millions of immigrants that are very well adjusted . 
  the vast majority of turks , descendant of guest workers are constitutional germans . 
  there is nothing wrong if they want to be muslims or if they want to wear headscarves that is well within their religious freedom . 
  the article reads more like a fairly harsh criticism of the german government handling the situtation with a title that will get people interested tho, 
  a lot of this dates back to the 68s probably and to world war 2 and a strong resentment against rightwing people and nazis which are commonly the people you would expect to be very much against refugees . 
  also people see it as a moral duty to help people fleeing from civil war . 
  also just after world war 2 about a fifth of the german population were refugees themselves, 
  see , but the brits seemingly do n't give a fuck about europe . 
  the isolationism brits seem to be pushing for recently is ridiculous ... 
  merkel never said germany willl take all of them . 
  she is relentlessly pushing for a more fair distribution and i thinkt his is important . 
  everyone in europe should share the burden , not just germany . 
  the nsu made nowhere near the impression on germany than the raf tho . 
  i would say that this has far more to do with germanys past . 
  the uk seems to be really hellbent on isolationism recently, 
  nobody in germany is expecting smaller countries to take in similar amounts to germany . 
  people just want every country to take a part of the burden and you can be sure that people are a lot lot more pissed with the eastern european countries, 
  as of now it looks like merkel will be reelected and i think she is doing a pretty good job this far . 
  it was austria-hungary for how many years ? 
  to be fair that was always called either austria-hungary or habsburg empire . 
  there were other currentc ountries in that empire that were not part of the name, 
  yes the point is this is what persists in peoples minds , if you randomly asked people here in germany you would probably get the vast majority putting czechia , slovakia and poland into eastern europe and germany into western europe, 
  the countries are only split between north , east , south and west and if you split them by these portugal traditionally falls into the south, 
  to be fair erasmus of rotterdam was more an exception in that point, 
  this is basically a political map . 
  eastern europe = warsaw pact,
