  how many polish cities destroyed how many dead poles do poland to surrender ? 
  do you need to destroy a small town of ten thousand ? 
  maybe it would take a larger city , maybe zielona g\u00f3ra ultimately i think if a city like katowice , lublin or poznan is destroyed poland would surrender . 
  how are politicians in tears when bases close ? 
  people wanted the us out of germany for quite a long time ... 
  closing those bases down was certainly not unpopular and the vast majority of american bases in germany is closed down . 
  you know that the us has multiple strategically important bases in germany ? 
  also if you occupy a country you need bases and personell there and that costs money . 
  the logistics branch of the bundeswehr also is not nearly in as bad shape as you describe it . 
  the german army just has fundamentally different goals than the us army . 
  the german army mostly is just there to defend germany where the us is projecting power across the entire globe . 
  also assuming that germany does not spy on its allies is stupid , just as it is stupid to be outraged that he us is trying to get inteligence on germany . 
  that 's the fucking point of inteligence agencies . 
  there was also that other country from the other side of the atlantic that conquered and occupied western germany for those years . 
  the american bases in germany were not to keep the soviets out . 
  there were there to occupy germany in the first place, 
  i did not claim iran signed the npt . 
  i just said that poland would be treated more like nk or iran if they were to leave the npt, 
  and the extra 3 video was also defended by the german government and carell was a lot closer to that than the sequence of insults b\u00f6hmermann produced . 
  i also very much disagree that merkel is trying to be like kohl . 
  she was after all pivotal in bringing kohl down . 
  no i mean like nk or iran . 
  withdrawing from the npt and announcing developimg nuclear weapons will warrant a response, 
  that seems like a surefire way to achieve total isolation, 
  how is it reasonable that we pay fr the great honour of the american military having bases on our soil ? 
  wouldnt it make more sense to ask the us military to pay for using german land ? 
  after all they have the privilige of having full airbases on foreign territroy, 
  according to merkels speech the cabinet was split , but in the end merkel decides if there is a tie , but if everyone else were to be against prosecuting it it seems incredibly unlikely to me that merkel wthe cdu/csu in general was in favour of it while the spd was against it . 
  in detail the ministries of justice , interior and foreign affairs as well as the chancellors office are listed in merkels speech . 
  what is morally right everyone has to judge on his own . 
  i personally do not find it morally right if the government decides to shield individuals from prosecution . 
  i think the decision was correct and that making clear that this was not setting a precedent and critizing turkey 's handling of journalistic freedom and human rights was right . 
  also she said that the law will be repealed by 2018 , which basically means that b\u00f6hmermann will not get punished , because if during a trial the law changes the most lenient version is applied and it should be easy enough to drag the trial out to 2018 for b\u00f6hmermans lawyer . 
  i have not said that realistically france is a threat to poland only that they are a more existensial threat than isis . 
  france could wipe poland off the map , isis can not, 
  france s a more existensial threat to poland than isis , simply because isis iss not an existensial threat to any european country and france has nukes, 
  yeah russia is less of a threat tjan isis in the way that it is way less likely that russia attacks but if russia attacks it will bbe orders of magnitudes worse, 
  comparing terrorists to a nuckear power just does not make so much sense . 
  of course russia is a more existensial threat but that is simply because isis is not an xistensial threat . 
  isis cant wipe germany of the map russia could . 
  on the other hand an attack by isis is orders of magnitudes more likely than a russian attack and i honestly soubt the russians want armageddon either, 
  the biggest reason i can see for that is that iran is not an ally of germany unlike turkey . 
  i also find this not nearly as bad as b\u00f6hmermanns poem . 
  note that for example the extra 3 video also was not prosecuted under that law . 
  no actually swimming naked is not that uncommon in the former gdr territories . 
  maybe try asking the polish ? 
  germany is a leader in the eu but germany is certainly not a hegemon . 
  it seems also pointless to even try to be a protecting power against russia as germany just can not reach the military force of russia ( npt ) . 
  yeah there are a whopping 8 countries that spend more on military than germany . 
  truly not spending money on defence !, 
   germany does n't do shit for how much money it has . 
  germany does what is necessary to keep defence . 
  germany does not have much in terms of projecting power or conducting offensive operations simply because the point of the bundeswehr is to defend only . 
  the goal of the german and the goal of the american military are just so different . 
  if you do n't want to have bases in germany withdraw . 
  nobody asked to have foreign military bases in germany . 
  if the us wants to give up on one its allies in europe then the us has to decide it and germany has to work closer with the french . 
  i do not see what america has to gain from that though . 
   if you do n't like turkey 's behavior as a nato country ( who does ) , perhaps you should vote for your nation 's defense posture to be one that contributes troops , aircraft , and infrastructure to make turkey a little less relevant . 
  whatever party i vote for it wo n't change where the bosporus is ... 
  it is also not like there is any country that is seriously threatening germany at this point . 
  the only country that could be considered a threat would be russia , but at the point where russia is attacking germany there will be massive use of nuclear weapons and the npt is preventing germany from building its own nuclear weapons to deter , we rely on nato and we rely on diplomacy . 
  i would be really suprised and really angry if the german government did not react very strongly and sending out german soldiers in case of an attack on a nato and eu member . 
  what 's the point of having these alliances if you do n't act on them ? 
  i think we should call our selves dutchland . 
  it is way closer to deutschland anyways, 
   these camps should n't be too large ( + / - 1000 for example ) and should be strict monitored and secured by personnel . 
   so you just distribute htem across the country like it is done ? 
   they do n't need to be accomodated to the country , as they 're leaving . 
  education can of course be provided in these camps . 
  we do not know how long that will take though . 
  also they are in another country . 
  or do you want to have little syria in the netherlands or germany ? 
   but in the netherlands this is mostly not desirable , natives often have to wait 10 years to get an affordable house , we should n't be handing the few available to refugees and end up having natives who start a family on their parents ' attic . 
  and who is wishing to do that ? 
  you do n't need a house you just need some place at all . 
  in germany also the house market is not the business of the state i don not know if that is different in the netherlands as you said people wait 10 years for an affordable house  we could accept applications in turkey , and handle them there , and provide a few airplanes/ships to bring them to their destination ( based on a quota over the eu for example ) this is what the hotspot and quota system was , just in greece instead of in turkey and it failed due to lack of cooperation in europe . 
   we could also change the system , it is mostly desirable that whenever possible , refugees stay in their own region . 
  this is however not what our asylum system keeps in mind . 
  at least the german system takes that in account as you can simply not apply to asylum in embassies . 
  most people do n't flee to germany or the netherlands on a whim . 
  most people do n't want to abandon their home . 
   the system failed because the quota 's were voluntary . 
  i do n't see how anybody came up with that , a refugee should not decide wether he 's going to germany or portugal , our asylum system is not a neckermann office , our government should decide that and provide the transition . 
  i absolutely agree on that , also how it is done within germany ( where we have distribution systems on the states )  i believe they 're ` actively trying ' to , just not effectively . 
  they 're basically trying to do everything they can without actually doing something . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
   while that 's very active it 's not effective . 
  we could put a stop to the war , form a transitional government consisting of all parties that are willing to contribute to a peaceful solution , and put a few thousand boots on the ground to keep order , possibly together with lebanon , israel , turkey and jordan . 
  who is willing to muster the forces necessary to occupy a country like syria ? 
  a few thousand soldiers wo n't suffice . 
  we need more like a few hundred thousand soldiers and expect a number of casualties and this is even without taking into concerns with russia or turkey , wanting to keep an independent kurdistan from happening . 
  we ca n't just sweep in there with a bunch of soldiers and end the civil war . 
  all that would do is create another afghanistan , another iraq, 
   many people are n't though , and i 'm very disappointed in the way the government ( s ) have handled that as a whole . 
  so we deny thes people that are not having good reasons for asylum asylum . 
  the offices are/were just completely overburdened . 
   i believe we should provide refuge to people who have valid reasons to flee . 
  however refuge for me does not mean a free apartment , a welfare check and work permit . 
  refuge for me means a camp , though neat and equiped with all basic needs , with the aim for refugees to eventually return when the situation allows that .
