  there are also pipelines through belarus and poland towards germany . 
  and if poland would seriously consider cutting of russian gas that seems like all the more reason to have a pipelinelike north stream in place . 
  i 'd really rather not have german energy security in the hands of the polish and ukrainian government, 
  so in your oppinion the state should also force women to abort if their unborn child is diagnosed with a disability pre natally ? 
  the thing si then why do n't we forbid people from procreating for different reasons that could lead to a higher risk of a genetic defect aswell ? 
  honestly i think the ban on incest really is more for moral reasons . 
  i mean using that line of reasoning could you not also argument for example for forced abortion of children diagnosed with trisomy 21 ? 
  i recall a lot of sabre rattling from both sides and i also see the baltics not being invaded by russia because they are under the nuclear veil of nato . 
  also in terms of conventional warfare russia just wo n't beat nato so they threaten with nukes just as nato did in the earlier days of the cold war when nato would have most likely lost a conventional war against the warsaw pact . 
  honestly i am pretty certain that the very reason that i can sit here in germany right now is that there were american , french and british nukes pointed at russia making it too costly to invade western europe . 
  yes that got shut down from the eu . 
  note : germany did support south stream aswell ... 
  considering current events not giving ukraine power over european energy supply seems very sensible aswell and honestly ukraine meddling with gas delivieries seems a lot more likely than russia meddling there . 
  but the point is also not to change the russian government but rahter that we need gas and russia needs money . 
  russia has gas and we have money to pay for it . 
  also yes the german-russian relations have cooled down quite a bit since merkel took office , but even if our countries may not have the best relations currently it still is mutually beneficial to trade . 
  even when the relations cool down a lot russia/the su have been very reliable partners in terms of gas deliveries . 
  edit : if you want an example of economic interconnection getting good relations look at germany and france . 
  germany and france loathed each other . 
  germany and france now are extremely close allies, 
  threatening people with nukes works as means to not have them invade you . 
  of course it is not , but you save transit fees in the longterm . 
  also you are not as much dependent on conflicts like the one in the ukraine and other countries using gas as a tool for political pressure . 
  russia has always been professional in gas deals supplying even at the height of the cold war . 
  well that comes with losing the wars . 
  the winning parties all celebrate people even if they were kinda dicks, 
  that used to be the maximum in germany aswell but it was raised fairly recently to 15 years, 
  no i am not wrong that these were the same arguments that were used in west germany after the wall came down . 
  i am not saying that that is true just that it was said . 
  if an afghan family wants to go to germany but the lottery decides they get to bulgaria that 's the way it is in my oppinion . 
  if they do n't like it they can go back to where they came from . 
  it is also just a necessity for the states to work together . 
  if we had even more infighting between saxony and bavaria how should germany work together towards a solution ? 
  and where are those camps ? 
  but borders are going to be closed at the greek border . 
   i think it 's overdue the eu starts thinking more as a federation . 
  but even as a federation , demanding a quota for each state would be unacceptable i think -- for example in the us , the states would never agree to be forced upon a refugee quota . 
  in germany we have refugee quotas within the states, 
  and then do what with the people fleeing ? 
  where have i said that the german law prevents quotas or closing a border ? 
  there are refugee quotas working within germany already . 
  this is not only older generations . 
  most people just do n't care enough to inform themselves . 
   howewer on this topic , your cool head comment - well then just we should have dictatorsips - let pm or their , , rulling party , , decide what is right and what is wrong and that 90 % of public/citizens don \u00b4 t agree is not a problem - they decided with cool head ... yes sure . 
  that is not dictatorship . 
  that is representative democracy . 
  also just listening to public oppinion can lead to some very stupid decisions ( look at german nuclear plants for example ... )  there is some fear yes , but it \u00b4 s not about fear we want slovakia reamain the way it is , we don \u00b4 t want muslims , we never had them here and don \u00b4 t want them , 90 % of slovaks ther lived/worked in london , nyc and so on - when came home - they don \u00b4 t want that - society - multiculti here in bratislava , kosice and other , , big , , cities . 
  those are the same arguments we heard about eastern europeans ...  yes that \u00b4 s why i said that we must do 1 thing and next 5 steps need to follow immediately after that - protect borders , register people , have effective quick asylum process , have the capacity , ability and will to deport those who don \u00b4 t deserve asylum and so on . 
  it \u00b4 s long process and eu is really not doing enough at this moment . 
  and what do you do with those that get accepted ? 
  send them all to germany ? 
  i am asking how you practically want to keep people from entering the country yes . 
  that 's why i stressed the theorically part, 
  and how do we prevent people coming in from austria ? 
  also that will literally cause a humanitarian crisis in greece, 
  i think so too . 
  i also expect the countries that fought so adamantly for closing fo the borders to blame germany and sweden for the humanitarian crisis ensuing while not paying for the necessary humanitarian aid, 
  i am already really curious if the countries that were first in line for closing all the borders will be first in line to pay for the support for greece . 
  probably germany will get blamed tho and germany will also pay . 
  i agree with the article , germany is diplomatically isolated on the matter by now , but i still think that the german solution that is as you said mostly dead by now could have worked . 
  i just do n't see how we will end this without causing a massive humanitarian crisis by now , which was the goal to avoid . 
  then the `` solution '' will probably just to fuck greece, 
  and how do we do that in practice ? 
  i think it theoretically ( not practically ) could be done if we were to invest the necessary ressources and throw out humanitarian principles . 
  the eu could lock down the mediteranean if it wanted and sink ships with disregard for human life . 
  you could build giant border regions and man them with soldiers with the order to shoot people even if that were outrageously expensive . 
  you ca n't seal it hermitcally but you could close it off very very tightly . 
  i blame her for not handling the media well , but apart from that i think she is advocating one of the only workable solutions at least when you look a bit closer at it . 
  i also do n't think that referenda are good to decide on something like this because it has to be decided on a cool head and not necessarily because of public oppinion . 
  we should n't let fear be the driving emotion . 
  i also think that protecting the outer borders is necessary but it can be only one piece of the solution because we ca n't simply shoot people . 
  also i still do n't know what precisely is meant by protecting outer borders other than it sounding good . 
  not specifically at the inner german border , which was very heavily guarded . 
  also for people fleeing nk do n't most flee to china at least first ? 
  how is it not a workable solution ? 
  it reduces the pressure on the states that currently have a lot of refugees while granting only a fairly managable amount to other states . 
  it is pointless to put blame on ppeople that literally ca n't act even if they want to . 
  see i could also blame my local landtag ( state 's government ) for the refugee crisis , but they just literally do n't have the power to change something . 
  and you are right that that much time was wasted . 
  i also think that it is shameful that my country just pushed the problem on greece and italy aswell . 
  the thing is most people i think agree that the solution of creating hotspots and weeding out people there is a good idea , just not the redistribution and that is i think a critical part for hotspots to be viable . 
  also obviously the issue is seen differently from bulgaria or portugal from sweden or croatia . 
  i feel some people or states want to help those people and others just want them to go away . 
  no nrw is the fifth highest in gdp per capita at 33963 $ . 
  saxony is former east germany and while it is the richest of the five new states it still ranks 12th out of 16 overall at 25378 $ . 
  i doubt the demarcation line between the two koreas or the inner german borders let through millions of people . 
  why odes that matter ? 
  ending schengen does n't mean that refugees suddenly cease to exist . 
  the issue is brussels or strassburg ca n't act because they mostly do n't have the power to . 
  the council has to decide and it ca n't reach a decision if the leaders are that divided . 
  even if something like the quotas get decided we ca n't force member states to enforce them . 
  even if a solution would be assumed to work if the member states do n't implement it it wo n't . 
  another big issue i see is that a lot of the memberstates simply have different perceptions of what the problem is, 
  quotas should not be for a number of people but rather for percentages . 
  for example the k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel , the redistribution system within germany , says that 21.2 % of people go to nrw , 15.5 % to bavaria and 5.1 % to saxony . 
  oh yeah we certainly had our fair share of dicks at that time . 
  still i have n't seen workable solutions apart from it . 
  we just are in this union together and that the schengen system has failed should be abundantly clear . 
  it just leads to humanitarian crisis . 
  austria is taking in as many refugees per capitaas germany ( a bit more actually ) just that germany is an order of magnitude bigger .
