  you can find english translations of mein kampf fairly easily otherwise . 
  well he made a statement about a sub in a non english language that is simply wrong . 
  is it wrong to assume that he ca n't read the language of that sub ? 
  it also really does not matter for that if the guy was polish , danish , french or american ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_faction i mean that one . 
  it is usually just called raf here . 
  i would n't call the royal air force terrorists . 
  that was war . 
  also the bodycount there was significantly higher than 34 . 
  yeah this also kinda depends on the family . 
  a relative that i have seen rarely if ever i would greet with a handshake , which in germany is the normal way to greet people you meet . 
  it would be seen as weird in most of europe . 
  you probably wo n't get punched in the face , but people will flinch most likely simply because it is not really common in most european countries . 
  was part of germany at the time, 
  it is called : `` hitler , mein kampf . 
  hitler , mein kampf , a critical version . 
  also it is not like a printrun of 3500 copies was all that plentiful, 
  why do people try so hard to make everything about refugees/migrants ? 
  the raf did n't even kill 3 dozen people and still they are one of the if not the most well known terrorst organization in western germany . 
  honestly i think a tradewar between germany and poland could hurt poland a lot more than germany, 
  sometimes i really wonder how hard it actually is to learn dutch speaking german and english fluently, 
  they also portray germany as workrobots and heartless imperialists trying for world domination . 
  these are supposed to be jokes !, 
  at first i thought they wanted to increase controls at the austro-slovenian and the austro german border . 
  i am much much happier with that . 
  yes , but a lot of ukrainians come to poland to work aswell . 
  see there are 2 million poles in germany aswell for example . 
  it says that in the text maybe the translation was just bad, 
  i learned latin , thats not particularly useful tho, 
  no we dont have the ne suffix . 
  we call them f\u00e4r\u00f6er or faer\u00f6er which is b\u00e4sically the same, 
  actually these acts got condemned completely on these su s aswell ... you probably cant even read / r/de, 
  almost all those countrynames are also basically rhe same in german, 
  it is the same in german btw . 
  we just use \u00e4 and \u00f6 where you use your danish letters that my keyboard camt do, 
  well we pronounce it more likeierland in german aswel, 
  no but we can give them the option to go to wherever we assign them or to leave . 
  if they leave where they assigned they ought to get shipped back there, 
  well there just need to be tight rules for people to stay in place once they are assigned in place . 
  this is already in progress of being implemented in germany . 
  if there is no other option than to go where you are assigned other than going back people will go where they are assigned ( or go back/don ' t even come ) . 
  we have no obligation to put refugees where they want to , we just have the obligation to take people in with a legtimate claim, 
  i am pretty certain that was always the approach , i am actually not sure , but i sincerely hope that 's the case . 
  i actually kinda find it funny and sad that almost everyone agrees that this is the right course of action and yet it takes forever to implement, 
  so politicians should be influenced because the press of those politicians were mean to them ? 
  should germany issue harsh warnings to any country where mainstream media prints merkel or the german government as nazis ? 
  the uk has signed the geneva convention, 
   there 's increasingly less chance that germany and sweden could bear the brunt of the influx but the eu is not only germany , sweden or austria . 
  we have a ton of countries that do n't take people in . 
  look at france and look how many refugees are there . 
  i would say the eu should pay for those . 
  there is no way these hotspots should be or can be financed only by the countries they are in, 
  is n't that basically what the german government among others has been pushing for ? 
  to set up hotspots in greece/italy to process refugees and then distribute them across the eu ? 
  its like it is here in germany . 
  a bit like a part of the country that was n't due to some plays of history . 
  also a great country and the foreign country i visited by far the most . 
  you also have a funny dialect . 
  also i live closer to vienna than to berlin so that might tell something ( hint : bavaria and southern part at that ) . 
  actually at times bavaria and austria really feel a lot more similar than bavaria and hamburg for example, 
  well yeah you learn more about the history of your own country . 
  see we may learn about the 100 year war , the french revolution or the scramble for africa but not nearly as much as the events that actually concern germany, 
  well most of scandinavia down to the alps in the east around where poland today is as border . 
  christianity as a concept is probably the most important influence in europe and in germany/german . 
  we actually learned a lot of history regarding the holy roman empire in germany with a bit more in depth coverage on bavaria ( as that is where i am from ) . 
  some of the most covered events here also interestingly where the conflict between church and realm in the early holy roman empire , actually we learned a lot more on that than the crusades , simply because it is more important to german history . 
  later the reformation ( which greatly shapd and unified german as a language through the lutherbible ) and then the 30 years war . 
  the biggest common factors in these actually is christianity . 
  yes , just half of europe descends of these tribes ... 
  honestly it is very reasonable to bulldoze that place , but really 3 days notice is pretty short just to set up help for these people . 
  well they were all germans , but they work in the eu and not in german politics . 
  it is also kinda funny and kinda sad to see that people immediately predicted that the polish-german relations would suffer after pis got elected and that it got tot that so fast . 
  actually it is way more sad than funny, 
  i do n't know about you but the whole continent is still talking about it . 
  what connections ? 
  germany ca n't control the eu . 
  germany might have major influence there but certainly does n't control it . 
  there are 27 other stattes aswell . 
  also this was eu action not german action . 
  also the so often mentioned german politicians were all eu politicians, 
  and those that wo n't follow will get rounded up and killed here ? 
  germany will not withdraw from the geneva convention . 
  that just is not happening . 
  no it is not but changing the geneva convention is not easy  what about women being sexually abused ? 
  they count less than people who have asylum sexually abusing them ? 
  uhm no , but that doesnt void that you can not dpeport people to territory where they are in danger of being killed or tortured, 
   it 's not impossible . 
  it may not be physically impossible , but it is legally . 
   is a foreign national who has sought asylum for whatever reason in a country that is not his own , should he commit sexual abuses , for instance , still merit asylum ? 
  well the whole point of human rights is that they are general and for everyone . 
  if it would be possible to take in 3 million frenchmen that directly leads to `` germany could take in more people '' . 
   because a ) france borders germany , so there would n't be the obvious impression that french refugees are taking advantage of a disaster for economic gain . 
  b ) french culture is far more compatible with german culture , and c ) there are far more educated/skilled frenchmen ( compared to people from mena countries ) , leaving far fewer dependent on the state . 
  so that directly contradicts that germany literally ca n't take any more refugees does n't it ? 
   so what ? 
  you do n't think it would be cheaper to round them up and ship them to these camps than it would be to support them in a developed economy for an indefinite amount of time ? 
  which camps ? 
  deport them to where ? 
  you ca n't deport people to a country other than their home country, 
  since when is oktoberfest a thing in the netherlands ?!,
