  how is it senisble to house refugees in an area where the prices for said housing are multiples of what it would cost to house them in other regions ? 
  lol . 
  the brunt of the refugee crisis hit munich . 
  munich is the richest/most expensive city/region in germany . 
  one thing i do n't quite know is why the french are so quiet . 
  were n't they usually also very loud and influential within the eu also merkel is certainly not a hausfrau ... thats just factually wrong, 
  the differenece is that in germany the people are having their asylum processes done and getting shelter and food aswell . 
  also this stuff in germany is significantly more expensive than in turkey, 
  there are 400.000 living in the unhcr camps and more than 1.5 million roaming turkey, 
  i think that this certainly had an influence , but the statement was made so recently that we can not even see the effects yet because it simply takes some time to flee . 
  i just feel like that we should look to distribute refugees across europe and i think we need a solution on a european scale . 
  so far i feel from too many sides comes only `` not our problem '' ( looking especially at the v4 here ), 
  in not simply using the dublin procedure to send them back to their countires of entry ? 
  see the current rules would basically allow germany to run back everybody , but germany isnt doing that . 
  reich is the german word for empire, 
  see there is a big difference tho . 
  slavs were mostly in occupied terriortiries . 
  you probably know some of the laws that applied to the jews in the third reich ? 
  well all these laws also applied to gypsies which makes it tougher , but also means that there are very little gypsies in germany, 
  i am fairly certain they cant change that . 
  you can not send people back to countries were they may face death . 
  that is at the core of our fonstituion `` the human dignity is inviolable '' is still the first article in our constitution, 
  i am just stating the facts . 
  well we have our constitution that values human rights and forbids sending people to a country where they may face death, 
  because saying that he doesnt want gipsies would be.basically more offensive because gypsies were a , ong the big victims of the holocaust, 
  and the vast majority is for decling these and sending them back, 
  yes massive numbers coming from the balkans are a huge issue because it is a big d\u00fcbureaucratic issue, 
  note that this article is two month old, 
  but those were all after hitler rose to power . 
  mind the last elections were in 33 . 
  also i wont decline that germany in the thirties was especially antisemitic i just dont like the notion that all germans were nazis in a violent way . 
  what hitler did was cruel and may never ever happen again but that does not mean that all germans were evil . 
  most of them were just ordinary people aswell that suffered froom the treaty and the economic crisises in germany, 
  yes of course people knew hitler was an antisemite but that was not that uncommon back then and did not necessarily mean genocide, 
  to be honest the nsdap didnt campaign with genocide . 
  they campsigned with leading germany back to power and getting people jobs again . 
  also you should not forget that at that time racism and antisemitism was certainly not only an issue in germany, 
  heinrich is alsovery old fashioned . 
  joseph gets more common the more south you go and is probably most common im austria , but not common in germany . 
  i got to know several joseph in austra and und they all went by sepp but hardly any in germany, 
  to be homest neither a greek sports site nor a bavarian one is probably a great source, 
  you might need to talk to your local standesamt before they even allow you to name your child adolf . 
  for example if you wanted to name a chikd adolf after his great grandfather that should fly but this is done to make it harder to give right wing extremists the possibilty to name their child adolf interestingly one of my uncles that was born in the sixties is named adolf but he usually goes by adi . 
  he was named after his father that was born in november 33, 
  what rumours regarding the loyalty of the the bundeswehr ? 
  hey i think the victory in points of terror is something my country has a claim to at least in the 20 th century, 
  honestly i really didnt like it there just nit my cup of tea but tjats fine i guess . 
  it is justa oart of culture tho i felt these days there wer insanely many tourists, 
  the prussians didnt take that from us , the nazis didnt take tah from us i doubt some muslims can, 
  to be honest if you get attacked this way it is not suprising at all if the camera breaks, 
  migrants were also responsible for ww2 ... wait, 
  my uncle is called wolfgang ( he is 51 ) and i know one person around 20 that is named wolfgang . 
  granted this is southern bavaria, 
  yeah franklyit is quite funny that in the end the conflict boils down to america vs. russia . 
  if you get america and russia to agree on how to handle the situation you could probably find a solution, 
  germany is minding its own business just that this business with the refugee crisis affects the whole of europe, 
  yes , but i think it is also not that terribly hard to get a real `` fake '' syrian or iranian passport by bribing the right people anyways, 
  i certainly know more people named karim my age than named otto , helmut or hans , but that is also by the virtue that i know nobody my age named otto , helmut or hans, 
  yeah i was just looking at the factors that helped the frg to rebuild fairly swiftly that are not present in the middle east, 
  i think one of the big parts in the rebuilding of the frg was that you immediately had a stable democratic government . 
  also there was the marshall plan to rebuild and there were less war reparations than after versailles . 
  germany was left some breathing space to rebuild . 
  also corruption is generally not a thing that is deeply rooted in germany i would dare say . 
  those are some of the names more common in the classes of my grandfather . 
  edit : i know this is really cliche , but it sounds like you know german names mostly from the ww2 era, 
  hans is a really uncommon german name these days, 
  if you calculate at approximately 80.000 inhabitants they would have 4 to approximate 50 per million, 
  yes i think that is also right but currently everyone is massively overwhelmed in germany and the eu is split . 
  i think europe could manage it , but i think a big issue we have to tackle is also the fear of the people, 
  yes we certainly have the problem is how do we create a solution for these countries and honestly i am not qualified enough to give an approach . 
  i just do n't know a good solution . 
  surely we could push assad out ( already ignoring the tensions this would cause with russia ) and push isis back , but then what good government can be left behind ? 
  how can we create a state that will not immediately fail again and will also not immediately get attacked by the neighboring states, 
  or that . 
  honestly i am not big into the forgery of passports i just would be suprised if it were not possible to get a false european passport, 
  i honestly ca n't call out the people in freilassing . 
  you come through freilassing on your way to munich and you know the number for munich . 
  we certainly ca n't continue handling it this way . 
  the most important thing is finding a solution . 
  i personally think we should set up hotspots in arrival zones and then distribute the refugees across the eu , but well that is just my oppinion, 
  honestly i do n't think it is impossible to forge eu passports . 
  sure it is hard but certainly not impossible . 
  also you do n't need to hack the database . 
  you can bribe someone, 
  i am also gutted if i lead a healthy life always drive safely and then some asshole runs a red light, 
  i think the bundeswehr could certainly muster a s fairly effective attack onto syria , i highly doubt that will happen tho . 
  i mainly wanted to illustrate how extremely unlikely it is that germany builds such a borrder fence, 
  well asylum fraud is the reason why the asylum processes need to be so time consuming, 
  that is just not true . 
  syrian refugees will just not be deported under the dublin regulations . 
  they still have to prove they are syrians at the asylum process . 
  also do you really think it is hard to travel illegaly into the eu if you really want to ? 
  most people probably just do n't think about it most of the time and then see it and get shocked by it . 
  a lot of the fear that comes up is irrational . 
  before we would build a razor wire fence at the border we would probably perform a full military operation in syria or build refugee camps for millions . 
  there is no no way that germany will build a barbed wire fence at its border . 
  well of course terrorists can get you get me . 
  see it is possible that on the drive down to the supermarket i am about to take i am gon na be involved in a fatal accident . 
  it is possible that i am gon na be murdered by an asylant in munich ( because that 's where i live ) , but that does not make any of this particularly likely . 
  it is probably by far the most likely of any of these that i die in a car accident .
