   russia is the only threat for peace in europe currently , so i 'd say it leaves us no other choice so you are advocating a war agains russia to create peace ? 
  war that could easily turn nuclear if one were to threaten the very existence of russia ? 
  sorry but that is just madness . 
   what , several commenters just told me how the west changed several regimes without actual war , i 'm sure we can do that again . 
  we can use russias invention of hybrid warfare , we could go full on embargo against russia and ban it from swift . 
  seeing the absolute undiverse russian economy , its collapse is just a matter of time then . 
  and that would most likely just provoke a hot war if you were to do that . 
  we could see russia just fully annexing ukraine and belarus and attacking poland . 
  i do not think forcing putins hand like this is a good idea . 
  do you really expect russia will just peacefully change if you do that ? 
  it is generally not a good idea to corner the guy that points a gun at your head . 
  putin has the support of his people . 
  we wo n't build peace in europe against russia . 
  you also simply wo n't be able to remove putin without war . 
  the thing is the us president is supposed to not buy in to so obviously nutty claims . 
  he should have better informed personel to brief him where necessary . 
  universal healthcare not necessarily free, 
  right and importantly they are fairly consistent in what they interests are . 
  they defined them unlike the us currently . 
  our interests also do n't always align with the us . 
  we need stability right now and china being willing to back that is good in my oppinion , stability in europe is something the interests of europe and china align in very much . 
  as much as i agree there are more differences between china and europe and i do n't believe that these will fade soon , what matters here is the stability that matters . 
  comparing china and the united states is also completely fair in my oppinion . 
  sure i 'd much prefer to work with the us , but the current us government just makes that very hard . 
  we do n't even have clear positions on some important issues at all , their positions seem to shift so easily . 
  on one day trump announces he wants to work with russia , the next day he condemns them and demands crimea back for ukraine . 
  that just does not instill trust . 
  but the crown of bohemia exted far beyond just bohemia . 
  just as say the austrian empire oversaw territories far larger than austria , territories that in large parts were not inhabited by germans . 
  it was the state of all czechs , but not the state of only czechs . 
  siimilarly the habsburg empire was the state of all austrians but not just of austrians . 
  the bohemian crown was just bigger than just the czech lands . 
  no but with the chinese i think we can at least rely on them acting rationally and not as headless as the current us president . 
  we surely wont be beties , but we can work together where our interests align . 
  i think it is at least a smart move for chima to make such an announcement right now, 
  then we should not have been so eager to continously expand the union . 
  that only makes closer integration harder, 
  yes but bohemia was not a czech nation state . 
  you are also not looking at the fact that the city got destroyed in 1241 and only rebuilt in 1260 by german settlers . 
  you also of course wont find records of it being a german teritory earlier than 1871 , but that is only because there existed no such thing until that point . 
  it had been part of the hre for centuries though, 
  well it says [ removed ] . 
  honestly that is really not worse banter than a lot of that shit we see here . 
  its not even like the nazis somehow conquered wroclaw from poland, 
  did the mods really remove his post ? 
  germany did not exist as a country until 1871 . 
  that is more like saying that the habsburg empire was not an entirely austrian country , which is true . 
  a good part of the lands of the bohemian crown had a german majority though . 
  also german is generally synonymous to german speaking if you are talking about pre 1919 possibly even pre 1945/55 . 
  saying it was only german for 200 years is also just wrong though . 
  it was a city in silesia one settled by german settlers . 
  also look for example the franks were a germanic tribe . 
  that does not make france german, 
  wroclaw ( and for ease of reading i will refer to the city as wroclaw at all points ) had been a center of poland until it was destroyed during the mongol invasion in the 13th century . 
  it was then rebuilt on from 1261 on by german settlers . 
  wroclaw adopted magdeburg law and joined the hanseatic league , that was roughly the time when the city became germanized . 
  in 1335 then wroclaw became ( as almost all of silesia ) part of the bohemian crown , which at the time was a german crown . 
  at the time the kings of bohemia were the emporors of the hre . 
  also wroclaw already in the 16th century became part of the habsburg empire . 
  these cities obviously were not paart of a germany , because such a state did not exist . 
  nevertheless they were german speaking cities . 
  if you do n't want to call gerrman speaking areas german for lack of a german state then that is on you , but the bohemian crown was a german state and also a czech state . 
  edit : and saying it was not a german city during or before the world wars is just flat out wrong, 
  it was a german city . 
  the red army captured it . 
  during the almost 3 month siege most of the city was destroyed . 
  it only became polish after the war when all germans were expelled or had fled before and were barred from returning while poles were resettled into the area . 
  and i remember people voting in favour of it in greece, 
  and yet he has something like a 66 % approval rate in germany ( or at leadt held that for a long while , i dont have the most up to date info here ), 
  a flight to canada is still way more expensive than to get to austria, 
  what additional relevant competition do you think the canadiansare here ? 
  it is not like this is about an agreement with bangladesh here . 
  until merkel retires, 
  well there is a reason the spd has ruled out a coalition with the left in past elections . 
  it is something the spd could do again . 
  right , but if there is an overwhelming popular demand and it is not that far reaching of a decision ( germany was already phasing out nuclear anyways ) there is simply a choice to be made . 
  one thing i do believe merkel will do what she believes is best and she will act calmly and look at arguments and not base a decision of emotion . 
  so far i think her track record of finding a middle ground also has been pretty good . 
  to sanction russia , make our position clear , but not escalate further . 
  to push for a more measured approach in greece ( which i am still not convinced was good ) . 
  to enact massive deficit spending during the 2008 crisis , but then also to cut back that spending again when we got out of the crisis . 
  realistically if schulz wants to become chancellor i do not think he can do it without the aid of the left though . 
  it is going to be interesting what ultimately the spds position on this is going to end up being because while i can see someone voting spd i do n't think most people want the left anwhere near the government, 
  these are privately held newspapers . 
  they do n't have to be neutral . 
  they are not public broadcasters, 
  i mean this is currently one of the more likely scenarios . 
  all the polls currently are pointing to wards a grand coalition again . 
  well i am a csu supporter , but i do n't believe schulz would be a disaster either . 
  i do think having someone like wagenknecht in government would be a disaster though . 
  you do know schulz is part of the conservative wing of the spd ? 
  not really . 
  we just currently are at a point where the more leftwing parts of the cdu and the more rightwing parts of the spd are the most powerful wings which gets them pretty close to each other . 
  well there already was a fairly big opposition to nuclear in germany . 
  fukushima just made that bigger . 
  the thing is in a democracy there is only so much you can do if you have an overwhelming demand in the population to do something . 
  and as much as i would prefer it if we had n't gotten out of nuclear this soon i can see that if so many people are in favour of doing that then that is what eventually will happen . 
  if merkel had not done it we would have just seen a different , in my oppinion less good , government . 
  could n't you also argue that pragmatism is also what makes the government so rather good ? 
  sure i might disagree with her policies on some positions ( nuclear for one ) .
