  also among the southernmost countries, 
  so the most protests are where the least refugees are ... 
  50 % of people seeking asylum in germany are from the balkans mostly fleeing from poverty rather than persecution . 
  these are the people that get declined in more than 99 % of the cases . 
  it is supposed to be the minimum to survive and nothing fancy . 
  that is what unemployment benefits should be in my oppinion , giving people enough that they can survive . 
  fun fact : nva was also the army of the gdr short for `` nationale volksarmee '' ( national peoples army ), 
  well this is by definition discrimination of people on the basis of religion . 
  how would you feel if germany said it would n't take in jewish refugees ? 
  but is n't russia the only country you would make a realistic scenario for an attack on finland ? 
  how likely is it that the uk , france or germany would attack finland ? 
  as for sweden it has the reputation of taking in a lot of asylants and offering good benefits . 
  germany on the other hand has basically gotten a reputation of europes most prosperous country which is why you also get a steep rise in asylant applications , half of those come from the balkans . 
  edit : on a sidenote i also feel like that of the big european countries germany seems to have the most competent government overall, 
  but i do n't believe in the founding principles of my country . 
  germany was built off war . 
  germany was even proclaimed in versailles, 
   you share culture , language , history , it 's no wonder that people loves their own nation citizen more than a foreigner . 
  germany shares all this with austria . 
  well the only thing that really brought germans somewhat together is the language . 
  the ethnic groups were much more regional, 
  to be fair these are still fairly peaceful times and if art . 
  5 wwould be invoked there is no way germany wouldnt send soldiers . 
  also this is something the government decides, 
  germany wont close the borders . 
  way that will happen . 
  also germany only borders schengen countries, 
  in fact there were the moost refugees in the soviet zone amounting to 24 % of the population, 
  in this case the minimum criteria are apparetnly not sufficient, 
  i think we should give them easier access to the working market but at first yes i think it is our duty to feed them, 
  the circumstances are vastly different tho ... 
  the thing is the csu are just some nutjobs sometimes but i like the work merkel does, 
  i came to perception that german roads are significantly above average overall . 
  also there is a ton of construction going on, 
  yeah sure it just annoys me because the arguments for each of those vary ( and my stance personally ), 
  yes i know and i wish these countries would help shoulder the burden instead uf just letting them flow through to germany . 
  that is the reason why i think we need to distribute refugees more fairly across the eu, 
  if these are their oppinions ( and just oppinions ) i think they are entitled to have an oppinion , they just should n't act or discriminate based on them . 
  also becoming part of german society means to at least accept gender equality and lgbt people and to condemn antisemitism, 
  they are entirely different in how they need to be handled tho . 
  a person that flees from war is a lot different than a person that comes to a country because he/she ca n't find a job, 
  there is also nobody stopping them in these dozen countries from coming up to germany . 
  see i would heavily prefer if these countries would help to shoulder the burden and try to grant them asylum in these countries . 
  that is the point why i think we should have a fairer distribution instead of just letting them all come into germany , france , italy or the uk, 
  in germany it is a lot more difficult to be anti-migrant because you get easily brandmarked as close-minded or rightwing due to our past with the holocaust . 
  well if you deny people a work permit they will have to live on the government . 
  i think it would be a better course of action to allow refugees that have skills that are in demand a significantly easier way onto the working market . 
  we need those skilled peoples for germany 's future . 
  we need to get them integrated better to get them into the workforce that is where they can help germany aswell, 
  this should be primarily about asylants coming for safety . 
  in germany you also get a big majority for declining economic asylants, 
  i am sorry i can not tell you as i am not proficient in the field . 
  i was just trying to clarify what / u/headcrash69 meant . 
  i think merkel is putting pressure on toher governments to make similar statements to make the position for a fairer distribution of asylants more possible . 
  also why do so many people do not distinguate between asylants and immigrants ? 
  i just sometimes wish i could vote for the cdu myself ... 
  in germany there has been all the neo nazi incidents you have probably heard off . 
  in general it is extremely important to distance yourself from xenophobia and nazism in german politics even to this day . 
  in general on the background of the holocaust ( and yes this still plays a big role in this ) you generally can not be generally against granting asylum . 
  i sometimes wonder how much the csu would get if you could also vote for the cdu ... 
  well there was high political pressure on merkel to put out a statement like that, 
  why would we want to deport people that integrate well into german society ? 
  that the possibility to apply for citizenship is only there after 6 yeears and that there are still many hurdles even after 6 years, 
  to be fair if they integrate and become parts of german society and become german citizens that is completely fine, 
  is n't it our humanitarian duty to grant asylum to people fleeing from civil war ? 
  syrians are accepted in the vast majority anyways . 
  also it was very necessary to take a fierce stance for national politics here . 
  also i would ask you not to mix up asylum and immigration, 
  this is for syrians fleeing from civil war . 
  are you seriously opposing taking in people from areas ridden by civil war ? 
  this is not at all about immigration but about people seeking asylum from countries like syria or eritrea and i think that burden should be shouledered by the eu together . 
  i do n't know if you get the vast majority of eu citizens . 
  the vast majority of eu countries probably yes , but it is hte big countries that are in favour of it, 
  they are covered by entirely different cses of law tho . 
  an immigrant is worlds different from a refugee, 
  no reich is just the term for empire . 
  kaiserreich just translates to empire of the kaiser . 
  edit : also reich means rich . 
  reich means empire . 
  this is not about immigrants this is about refugees . 
  and if eastern european countries would n't let them through so much there wouldnt be such a big problem or if countries like serbia could just get their shit together so people dont flee to germany . 
  the dublin agreement already gets not honored so there is that `` rules that countries agreed on . '', 
  see but the countries do n't care for that they just let them through to germany ... just read the answers from eastern europeans, 
  so when someone else wants help from the eu then thats cool and we should help finance them but if germany wants some help fuck them ? 
  well then you probably know different turks than i do . 
  the majority of turks i know see themselves as germans, 
  and these are the kind of requests that almost everybody says should not be accepted and that clog up the german asylum system, 
  this is a different question tho . 
  i personally find it really unfair that especially from eastern europe all that comes is `` it is not our problem '' and `` just let them go to germany '' and i think it should be distributed more fairly . 
   just a huge refugee camp defended by nato/eu forces where all immigrants from europe would be sent . 
  that is a military intervention on foreign soil to basically create a substate , simply by the amount of people this would require . 
  also who do you think should give all the soldiers required for that ? 
   redistributing refugees will only encourage others to come . 
  how would redistriubuting refugees encourage others to come ? 
  also the point of a redistribution is to create a more fair distribution across all countries . 
  the eu is not only here to reap the benefits for your country . 
  that is called jail . 
  i rather hope they get some nice time in jail, 
  so you can not deport them because the safe countries they passed do n't have an appropriate asylum system ? ... 
  so a military intervention to create a substate on the territory of another state in africa or the middle east ?
