  there simply were none . 
  of course you could have also transferred all the debt from the greek state to the german state . 
  that would have solved the debt problem in greece but very obviously opens a box of pandora . 
  the ecb also simply can not make monetary policy for only one part of the euro zone when that policy is actively hurting other parts . 
  the ecb has the duty to make monetary policy for the entire ez . 
  if the issue had been with french or german banks it would have been much cheaper to just bail out these banks . 
  but it was n't . 
  it was about keeping the greek state running . 
  that title also already is extremely polemic . 
  austerity is not necessarily bad . 
  germany is certainly not suffering from it . 
  it is in fact necessary during economically well times . 
  anticyclic fiscal policy requires that too . 
  one part of anticyclic fiscal policy far too many goernments ignore one i applaud my own government for actually doing in germany . 
  ideologoy and religion should take a backseat in policy making though . 
  off couse every person has its own oppinions and convictions , you will never eliminate that , but we do n't need dogmatic ideology . 
  not from the pope and also not from anywhere else . 
  i also feel like you and i simply have not the same idea of what constitutes an ideology . 
  you seem to use the term much looser than i would, 
  no i do not believe that was necessary . 
  i do not see the austerity as the primary reason for that . 
  the alternative of a full collapse of the greek state and issuing a new currency and defaulting on all debt was way worse . 
  there simply was no alternative for greece, 
  an actual democracy ? 
  what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  and how the heck are you planning to enforce that ? 
  what lead to the collapse in greece was also primarily excessive deficit spending and not austerity . 
  austerity is just what you need to get greece back on its feet and yes that is a painful process . 
  if the greek governments had acted responsibly earlier this could have been avoided or have its effect weakened . 
  and yes the system is complex . 
  how could it not be complex ? 
  right and now can you propose me a better alternative ? 
  beneficial dictatorship does not work . 
  jobs are moving . 
  that is hardly a new development though . 
  we have seen that happen since the industrialization at least, 
   well , you do n't know that , to him current system is terrible and collapse is inevitable because it focuses on money too much . 
  so in fact , he wants it to go down faster so that pain is shorter . 
  well yes i do n't know that . 
  but i also do n't see a large reason that it would be better than what we have today . 
  and honestly that the current system is terrible is one point i disagree with heavily . 
  i can also read what he is saying . 
  that does n't make his points valid though . 
   the thing is our current democracy is severely damaged already . 
  governments often have no significant way of helping the common people and that 's what gives rise to populism . 
  of course that depends on the country , germany seems to be doing quite well so perhaps it might be foreign to you . 
  and i can see that issue . 
  there is no good alternative though . 
  do you really think dictatorship from the politb\u00fcro is better than what we have now ? 
  instead of rupture and revolution we should look for steady improvements . 
  improvements i can see a lot of governments have failed on delivering , but people also simply do n't want to take cuts even if they are necessary . 
  it is too often just the easy way that seems to be taken by too many politicians, 
  capitalism or communism is all about ideology . 
  ideology in its purest form is theoretical by definition . 
  and that theory collapses when it meets reality , both in capitalism and in communism . 
  our societies are hardly purely capitalistic . 
  we should n't entangle us in questions of grand ideology . 
  what we need is real solutions for the real world and we can leave the rest to the philosophers . 
  what happens if robots were to become that ubiquitous is yet to be seen and we do n't even know if it will happen any time soon or even ever . 
  he is saying all that suffering is worth it for some diffuse hope of change . 
  change we ca n't even know if it is going to be for the better , change that at least in ym oppinon would more likely be even worse than it is now . 
  in times of crisis people are not necessarily looking for the benefits of democracy . 
  in times of crisis people will be looking for strong leaders and for easy solutions . 
   hopefully technology will give us robots that will take away all the jobs , which will cause like a massive worldwide unemployment ; somewhat like 60 percent . 
  people will be so unhappy . 
  that would be great , because then you can finally see capitalism crashing so hard . 
  there is going to be a lot of fear , lost blood , and lost lives to get to that point , but i think that 's the only positive thing i see , that we are going to have a total system collapse in the future . 
  hopefully as quick as possible . 
  what he is describing here is basically a wish for large scale revolutionary war . 
  such a war would likely cost tens of millions of lives . 
  can you also not see how such an event could lead to countries resorting to much more oppressive means and if the situation gets bad enough also to the usage of nuclear weapons ? 
  he is basically saying he is wishing for armageddon . 
  no he is only demanding what would basically amount to largescale war in the western world . 
  such a war could easily trigger the use of thermonuclear weapons . 
  what an idiot and what an asshole . 
  he does n't like the current order so his solution is to burn down the entire planet ? 
  the real world matters more than stupid ideology, 
  it 's a loose guideline nothing more . 
  germany has the ninth highest defence budget in the world dude, 
  well what is expected if you make a point of expelling everyone from annexed territory ? 
  that surely was a lot of console to the people expelled and expropriated . 
  apart from france every one of these would with the exception of austria ... 
  well i guess that is where the difference comes from . 
  i was only really looking at the territory actually inhabitated by germans and not occupied territory, 
  a minority probably not , but rather a slim majority . 
  also not half of poland today was german after ww1 , more like a third of the actual area . 
  unless of course for some reason you 'd wanted to look at a partioned map where i would think the share of what used to be german territory would be larger than half . 
  in the end of 1945 the soviet occupation zone held 16 million people . 
  to add to that you have to take the german population in the territories annexed by poland after ww2 . 
  that gives you another 8 million people . 
  now you have to subtract a good chunk of that simply because a chunk of these fled to what became the soveit occupation zone . 
  i think 20 million germans in that area ascribed to poland is realistic though , which would put it somewhere between 40 and 50 % of theoverall population, 
  this has all of germany , all of switzerland , all of austria , all of the czech republic and a large chunk of all of poland , slovakia and hungary . 
  that is the vast majority of central europe . 
  poland already got a large chunk of germany after . 
  but central europe has nothing to do with the geographical center ? 
  it just is historically t\u00e4germany and austria hungary . 
  the central powers, 
  what went wrong with austrian city names ? 
  something like a 40 % german population is a polish wet drem ?
