  that wasnt polish before ww2, 
  this is not my definition , this is the most common drfinition used by all sorts of encyclopedias . 
  words have meanings and you cant just change that . 
  germany and austria combined already have a population of 90 million . 
  that is a majority of the population of central europe . 
  the entire v4 have around 65 million . 
  by pretty much no definition of central europe is not majority western population simply because germany has such a big population, 
  the question is do we really want to weaken international protocol even more especiallyconsidering trump leaving the paris agreement and the events in crimea 2014 ? 
  what makes you think that this wo n't encourage other countries to also break international law ? 
  of course lybia ca n't do shit if the eu decides to seize control . 
  ukraine could n't do shit if russia wanted to annex the country , they could n't stop russia . 
  we ca n't just look at the situation at hand without also looking at the greater context . 
  this is the bigger issue in my oppinion . 
  another thing : i am not a liberal . 
  i have never voted and most likely will not vote for a party left of center anytime soon . 
  voting conservative and being in favour of not breaking international law are not mutually exclusive . 
  because frankly germany and france especially together are much better at building strong coalitions than poland , but this is how things are decided within the eu . 
  you need a fairly large alliance to get anything through . 
  generally germany and france wanting something means that the founding members back it and there is a good chance that there are more members backing it because if they would n't there would not be a large public demand made for it . 
  we are also seeing so very nicely how much of a myth german hegemony is , how germany can not get anything doen either without a large alliance . 
  look at the refugee situation where germany could n't do shit . 
  look at the ecb just ignoring german wishes . 
  germany is also amongst the most outvoted countries on the council overall . 
  i can also see ee trying to challenge the status quo , but i think they first need to understand the status quo and try to build alliances somehow . 
  but ee will probably always be outvoted by the west if it ca n't reach beyond the eastern states simply because it is too small . 
  the eu is build in a way that you need to build consensus . 
  i am not sure ee policymakers and populus have understood that . 
  secure our border in practice means what ? 
  it sure is a nice phrase but what is it supposed to mean ? 
  what do you want to do that is not a major breach of international law ? 
  nato already exists . 
  and people will be tired of never ending demands from ee at some point, 
  central europe is majority western . 
  germany is part of central europe . 
  dont write central europe when what you mean is eastern europe, 
  well no point in redistribution if you can just register again in the west , butnwell european wide systems are getting blocked, 
  then you should have joined efta and not the eu , but off course that would have meant not as much western money ... 
  so it was a benefit for these countries , but not for the eu . 
  so your solution to the issue is just to put the middle finger to italy and greece . 
  solidarity only when it suits you, 
  the vast majority of thise fleeing the yugoslav wars were sent back, 
  so you say we should just throw out international protocol about how to deal with ships , in distress ? 
  or simply invade north africa ? 
  uhm i am pretty certain that if you polleed central european population you would get at least close to a majority for a quota system . 
  if anything we are seeing why the rapid joining of the eastern block was a mistake, 
  so denmark should just leave italy and greece to deal with the situation alone because they have the missfortune of being on the outer border of the eu ? 
  that is just not true . 
  in general germany and france also at least rally the founding 6 behind them which is already half the population of the eu, 
  just that france and germany here mean all of the pre expansion eu ? 
  you also simply can not really base a campaign on an issue that the candidates are very close on unless you want to go really deep at which point you get the issue that then you are demanding stuff that wo n't be popular with the population ( think eurobonds and shared debt ), 
  because the allies undid/prevented that after both world wars . 
  i think the tories are better primarily though because jeremy corbyn is an absolute disaster and absolutely unfit to be the leader of a country like the uk . 
  to put that in perspective : there have been 4 chancellors since willy brandt in germany . 
  brandt was elected in 1969 . 
  you should cut government expenses ( or rather the government deficit ) during economically good times because if you do n't you might be forced to do so during contraction . 
  there has to be some sort of balance though . 
  if you need everyone to take part in shift in policy it can not be unreasonably bad for some parties, 
  bavaria also is paying the majority of all transfer payments by itself . 
  also bavaria is accounting for inflation the third largest payer overall . 
  i doubt we will have the `` real story '' in 20-40 years even, 
  i would also support forcing germany to be adhering to these measures . 
  well we have yet to see a good plan on how such fixes could look like . 
  it is also vital that fixes do n't just advantage certain countries or regions over others . 
  what we need is countries being more commited to the rules they agreed to when joining the euro including the maastricht treaty . 
  i always feel like that rechtsstaatlichkeit is a lot more core in germany than in most of the rest of the world, 
  failed me when i tried `` benevolent '' :(, 
  we already have the esm to stabilize the debt crisis . 
  the idea for eurobonds is also still as unpractical as always . 
  nobody ever speaks about what sort of control mechanisms would be necessary and evidently you would something less of a toothless tiger than the maastricht treaty . 
  that is juncker . 
  then also get rid of the notion that some peoples vote just counts more by virtue of where they live, 
   i think you 're naive if you believe that . 
  people are n't always honest about their intentions . 
  politicians are scum . 
  does n't matter if it 's germany , the uk , or the us . 
  also the intention behind them is irrelevant , all that matters is the effect . 
  people can lie about their intentions but ca n't hide the consequences of their actions . 
  see i disagree about that . 
  i do n't think fundamentally politicians are scum . 
  i think some of them are maybe incompetent and some may just want to enrich themselves but i think a large portion also just does what they think is best for the country . 
   so most the eu will have to change to suit germany then , or total integration wo n't be possible . 
  also hate to say it but in my experience the standards are n't higher , just the perception of them . 
  maybe standards are not higher . 
  also total integration does not have to mean total assimilation and even from just integration we are quite a bit away . 
   in real terms money is following in but capital is not . 
  it 's leveraging that money as capital that would allow for more growth in other parts of the eurozone , and this is what german vehemently opposes . 
  crunch time will be when germans are asked to treat institutions in eastern europe with utter equivalency as german ones . 
  i must admit i ca n't quite understand what you are trying to say here . 
  would you mind to clarify ? 
   other countries have reinvested in their property markets and see returns from that across the whole . 
  germany wo n't do this so it obviously ca n't save except as a risk management strategy with low return but germany is definitely doing that , building up capital reserves in different institutions arguably at the expense of other eu nations . 
  other countries also have seen housing bubbles that took entire economies down . 
  it is also not good for your average dude if rents are just going up and up all the time . 
   not at what i meant . 
  a real union means completely free trade within the union and complete equivalence . 
  i do n't think the german people think they are equivalent to other nations in the eu , rather superior . 
  i do n't think the germans in general think they are superior to other eu states . 
  i think our government does a better job than other countires governments , but not more . 
  also germany will always have a greater weight than say slovakia simply because germany is so much larger . 
  similarly how england has a larger say than wales in how the uk is run .
