  the big difference is that the stakes for the other countries back in 2010 were way higher, 
   i care for a lot of reasons . 
  first off , i seem to be among the few who think it 's going to be horrific to see a country go into the shitter . 
  it will be worse than the great depression . 
  well it is not like the ez countries stopped negotitating . 
  it was greece that ended negotiations  i also think it is really going to give rise to the far right , and the migrants will be attacked . 
  that indeed might happen , but there is not much we can do against it  i think it will destroy european unity , and kill any chance for a fiscal union . 
  it will be the bad old days . 
  i do n't think it will destroy european unity . 
  if anything i get the feeling that the ez countries apart from greece are standing together firmly at the moment . 
  a fiscal union is utopian anyways and wo n't happen at least not while i am alive  it could be a chance for a great compromise , but i suppose the greeks are n't the best at compromising . 
  well a compromise is apparently not what the current greek government wants . 
   it 's just that you take this , russia , the migrants issue , the rise of populist parties , it just could get very ugly . 
  but what could really happen that would be that unbearably bad for europe or the people outside of greece ? 
  the worst i could imagine is civil war in greece that ends with a military dictatorship pretty much which would be catastrophic for greece , but what should you do if they just do n't want to seek solutions together ? 
  but by now there is no alternative anymore . 
  the situation just got escalated to that when the last negotitations failed and the referendum got called for . 
  also if there will be anti german `` propaganda '' well then we have to accept it and deal with it that germany will be the country that gets blamed in greece . 
  i alos do n't think that the situation is even comparable to the 20s and 30s . 
  i do n't think europe or the us would look away for that long anymore and even if greece does not have anywhere near the power that germany held back then . 
  the problem syriza had is that they did n't think enough as politicians . 
  they only really offered a binary choice and essentially put it in a way where one side would lose face if they caved in . 
  the problem with this is that while both parties lose a lot if there is no consensus found the ez politicians/countries do n't necessarily lose less if they cave in while greece will probably crash if you do n't find a solution . 
  yes that is another reason why putting up a referendum right now is bullshit, 
  i think and hope that the ecb keeps ela going until the referendum . 
  then when there comes a no vote they should pull the plug tho . 
  basically i think this is how the end game will look and i am really curious how it will turn out, 
   more negotiations take place and a short term deal is reached . 
  this continues on the same path . 
  there is not enough time for that . 
  also i do n't think most of the european ministers want to take that loss of face . 
  i do n't think there will be new negotitations/deals with the current greek government . 
  i think they bluffed too much and now are going to lose for it . 
  i think greece would have to cave in . 
  the stakes for greece are just significantly higher than the stakes for the other ez countries and the other ez countries/politicians also have quite something to lose if they had to cave in, 
  i think the greek leadership wants to strongarm the ez to accept a new bailout proramme that ends austerity . 
  the problem with this is that i do n't think it is gon na work . 
  i doubt the european politicians can realistically back down and look like they are susceptible to blackmail . 
  i think this tragedy will end with a grexit simply because the stakes are not high enough for the ez to solveit at all cost , in essence this is not the usa and the soviet union on the height of the missile crisis it is just not a game of equals . 
  if they really think this there will be a rude awakening if it comes to a no vote . 
  if that happened right after they were elected this might have worked but not anymore, 
  she would fairly easily get one because all of the opposition would vote for it, 
  well i think it is an extremely important issue in greece and it is pretty much always the opener of the news here since the negotiations failed . 
  but i can certainly not fault you for not wanting to trust the word of one stranger on the internet, 
  i have no idea what the greek media is covering but i am fairly certain that the german media is not outright lying, 
  well just the part where that part of the song is banished and only the third stanza is the anthem ... also the holy roman empire was probably closer to the idea of europe than to the idea of a sovereign state, 
  germany does not even border k\u00f6nigsberg anymore . 
  if anything i would like to see them review the expulsion of germans out of eastern europe . 
  well if the war in 1866 ended differently austria may even have been a part of germany . 
  yep checked it for 40 years . 
  russia did not invade west germany . 
  well but do you really think russia would risk a war against nato because of this ? 
  it definitely is better than war but i 'd rather see a nato with sweden, 
  i think the likelyhood of htat leading to war was higher than abetter europe, 
  see of course bailing out greece in 2011 is good for the banks but it wasc ritical for way differenr easaons than the banks, 
  so wea can agree to agree ? 
  but back then it was probably more necessary and more realistic to help greeece out . 
  the othr countries maanged getting outof their issues aswell, 
  i am also sorry for the greeks like most people are , but fuck the greek government, 
  are you ok with sacrificing the entire eurozone for yours ? 
  well that would have probably caused the entire eurozone to collapse with unknown political results . 
  i do n't think that would have been a good idea and certainly a very bad idea from a german viewpoint, 
   do not put a lot of faith in your german news media , whether it 's state sponsored or private . 
  both are lying to you . 
  seriously ? 
  conspiracy theories ? ... 
  well if you do n't want to negotitatie that happens . 
  also without the solidarity loans greece would have been forced to default five years ago, 
  i guess you start with insulting me, 
  i am reading and hearing a lot of hatred against germany overall . 
  no `` greece '' means the political decisions in the years and decades leading up to the crisis that meant that the crisis would have essentially forced to default ... 
  loans that wo n't get repayed any time soon at laughably low interest . 
  greece would have had no way to get that cheap loans anywhere . 
  how is that not solidarity ? 
  i think the point is tho that the european leaders do n't want to make this about ideology . 
  i think the right way is just to allow syriza to crash and show that you do not allow them to extort you . 
  i also think it is not the decision of the other european staees if greece should be kicked ( well in fact they ca n't be kicked directly ) . 
  if anything i think what would happen is that greece would be forceed to default and by his forced to exit the euro . 
  as for saving banks . 
  it feels wrong , but i think it is more or less necessary . 
  the costs of not doing it is just way too high . 
  i think at the hight of the crisis it was most important to reach a point where the trust in the euro is well maintained because if the euro is not trusted anymore that would have been way worse ( and possibly uncontrollable political waves ) . 
  i also think that the political implications is one of the big reasons why you should not give in too much to syriza because i think their politics are for the most part shifted from reality . 
  they seem like a party that has been a minor opposition party for the most part and still kinda acting like they are a minor opposition party , just now that they are the opposition against europe, 
  greece essentially forced the ez tho to intervene to keep them from defaulting at the height of the crisis, 
  i was mostly trying to state that i hope the politiians still keep a cool mind tho i am not getting that impresion from the greek government . 
  i am on your side , 
  the greek government just unilaterally ended the negotiations ... 
   it 's almost as if germany has a habit of picking on a minority , decrying them as feckless , lazy and a drain on their economy so what is this referencing if not nazi propaganda against the gypsies and the jews ? 
  thats weird if i check the biggest state television news sites here in germany it is pretty much all greece , greece and more greece, 
  greece took the other 90 % aswell they were used to prevent the country from defaulting which is not nothing . 
  the money was used to stretch out the loans the greek government took so they can pay them back . 
  also yes greece had the most brutal austerity policy and sacrifices in the eu , but that is due to how high the government deficit was . 
  if you hit 15 % gdp deficit reducing that to a more reasonable 3-4 % is obviously a harder fall , but is n't that more the fault of escalating the governmentdeficit so much ? 
  i think the difference is that the nazis came down 70 years ago . 
  greeces debt issues are way way younger than that ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#/media/file:greek_debt_and_eu_average_since_1977.png ) . 
  a lot of the stuff that led up to the crisis happened in the last 20 years and not that long ago . 
  also well it not offends me as much if you connect germany to the nazis , i personally mostly find it annoying . 
  also i feel like whenever somebody runs out of arguments with germany they start with nazis and that is well annoying . 
  i think this is mostly the european public .
