  and pretty much all of those have historic reasons or countries not seceding . 
  for example for why belgium and the netherlands are divided is a religious divide between the protestant netherlands and catholic belgium at the time of the revolution in 1830 . 
  germany and austria are seperate because the allies after ww1 shut down any motion of austria joining germany at the time and then after ww2 it was ruled out because austria did not want to take the blame for being part of germany in ww2 and rather painted itself as a victim . 
  german is where german is spoken . 
  at least that was the definiton of the times of goethe , that was the definition for the longest time . 
  there was a reason why what is austria today called itself german-austria after the dissolution of the austro-hungarian empire . 
  and yes historically a good chunk of areas that today are not german might have been part of germany . 
  it is merely a play of history that caused there to be austria and germany today . 
  we could have had alsace be german today or we could have everything left of the rhine be french . 
  history played out in the way it played out though . 
  the divide of what german and what french is was drawn on language lines , not some arbitrary lines, 
  it depends on the source you are looking at . 
  overall it is roughly the same . 
  of course these days the low exchange rate affects that . 
  well the eu with the uk has a similar gdp as the us . 
  the us is just larger in area , but has fewer people . 
  i once point out where there is populism . 
  then another point that if he insists on it will get him shredded . 
   that sub is for shit and giggles . 
  you display show of humour as in all german stereotypes . 
  so the same as t_d then ? 
  people were also calling that sub satire, 
   of course german meps must defend germany . 
  like any other mep . 
  of course one can argue it is not in germany 's interest to perpetuate deeply unfair systems . 
  well one can debate though what consists of an unfair system . 
  i could also argue that it is unfair that german tax payers have to pay for greek government failure . 
   and if not for the moral aspect , and if not for the fact at the very least because of the potential consequences to the union , and thereby to germany itself . 
  like i said , deep imbalances and asymmetries breed resentment and hatred . 
  this is how you get trump 's in power . 
  how you get brexit 's . 
  how you get le pen 's . 
  the ez or even the eu could very well eventually break apart . 
  resentment breeds from both sides . 
  if southern europe states constantly demand more money from the north than that breeds resentment too . 
  if germany for a long time reduced wage growth specifically to become more competitive and your normal german sacrificed for that and now they get critized when other european countries simply did not make these harsh reforms and are now just complaining when they are told they should do that . 
   thus far what we have are inner blocks developing as a result of the german policies . 
  we now have v4 acting as a more consistent block within the eu too counterbalance germany . 
  and now we also have the southern countries summit , featuring portugal , spain , france , italy , malta , greece and cyprus . 
  well you just have two large blocs in the eu concerning economic and fiscal policy between the northern states of germany , the benelux , the uk and the likes and the south . 
  that is hardly a new development though . 
   those were the smaller you could think of ? 
  i think your answer says it all . 
   you could ask finland . 
  like i said , when their economy took a hit , all of the sudden they came to the realisation that maybe the euro was n't that great after all . 
  it 's funny how it works huh ? 
  no the point was that there are a good chunk of small states that do not suffer . 
  also if the economy takes a hit it seems only natural to seek blame . 
  also fiscal union just means a transfer of money from north to south . 
  nothing more . 
  now tell me what is even in this for the northern states ? 
  i have had nobody tell me what the advantages for a country like germany would be other than some illusion of possible stability financed by tax raises . 
   `` an act of giving financial assistance to a failing business or economy to save it from collapse '' which in practice for states finances means financing loans in practice ... 
  the point of the bailouts was to buy time for greece to reform to get rid of nepotism and shrink the too large public sector . 
  now these reforms have failed though , there were not really examples though . 
  if one were to forgive greek debt what would keep italy , portugal or ireland from demanding the same ? 
   your definition of `` taking a hit '' is `` it is n't perfect for us '' . 
  that 's not taking a hit because it 's still better for you than for anyone else . 
  so if i punch you in the face that is not a punch in the face because someone else broke a leg ? 
  and how does that make them immune to populism ? 
  the republican party in the us is also one of the oldest democratic parties in the us with a tradition of highly respected leaders . 
  also how does that affect the statement that something like / r/the _ schulz or gottkanzler mems are populistic at heart ? 
   see your discourse , as schauble 's , is much closer to the typical trump discourse . 
      it 's egotistical . 
  assumes all you have to do is care about yourself and not in any way about what 's `` the right thing to do '' . 
  and does n't consider that acting in that manner may actually turn out to be counter productive . 
  this is literally the oath of office for the german chancellor and also for german meps . 
  i also do not believe that this in any way problematic . 
  if i were saying to you that portugal should just accept a higher euro exchange rate and higher interest rates simply because you also have to think of countries like germany would you think that it would be egoistical to tell me to fuck off ? 
   germany is favoured by an euro design that provides it with an unfair advantage over smaller economies . 
  germany is favoured by a political dominance that dictates a biased application of rules in its favour . 
  germany was favoured in the whole greek debt debacle with deals dictating that `` bailout '' loans to greece would effectively bail out much of the german financial system instead rather than greece . 
  an unfair advantage over smaller econmies in what regard ? 
  what is the german advantage due to the euro over countries like the netherlands or austria for example ? 
  and also what biased applications of rules ? 
  are you taking a jab here at the excessive trade surplus of germany ? 
  you should really read into the macroeconomic imbalance procedure then first . 
  because germany is not having imbalances as severe as say portugal in that ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure ) also the point of a bailout is always to finance loans . 
  a chunk of these loans was held by german banks and a part was held by greek banks and another large chunk was held by other banks . 
  now all fo these had to take a cut and the european states took over as the debtor at conditions very favourable to greece compared to what it could have gotten at the free market . 
  and also of course germany has taken hits . 
  the euro is far too low for germany which is causing imbalances like the huge trade suprlus . 
  low interest is also punishing to savers all over germany . 
  it is punishing those that are trying to save up for rent . 
  it is punihsing for insurances . 
  i am also well aware that sch\u00e4uble is not necessarily as popular outside of germany , but frankly i do n't care . 
  i also think tsipras and especially varoufakis are morons , but it is not for me to decide who the greek people elect . 
  it is also not like the situation in portugal is not affecting germany . 
  well the german chancellors job is to do what is best for germany . 
  and in eurobonds there are pretty much all disadvantages for germany compared to the status quo . 
  i also do not want the eurozone to disintegrate , but there can also not be the eurozone at any price . 
  germany has already taken hits for other ez countries before and has seen little to no solidarity in return . 
  and no you did not answer that eurobonds are actively bad for germany . 
  populism is a problem . 
  it is diverting discussion away from facts . 
  it tilts decisions away from facts and more towards emotion . 
  there are also more than enough media outlets that are reporting pretty accurately . 
  this is not the freaking united states . 
  everyone can watch ard and zdf and their subsidiaries and they are doing a pretty good job overall at reporting facts . 
  i would also disagree that there is a general desire for change and honestly what is the purpose of change for its own sake ?
