  provisions for this are in the states constitutions, 
  well such a referendum would be unconstitutional in germany, 
  well 64 % of germans 15 + is still around 8 times the total population of finland . 
  it is almost as if she is supposed to be a diplomat . 
  it is not germany that would suffer primarily if that deal breaks . 
  germany could close the austrian border . 
  greece ca n't though . 
  on the other hand turkey has a larger army and importantly control of the bosporus strait . 
  right , but if you are in a strategic enough position nato lets 5 be even . 
  and turkey has such an important strategic position . 
  also existing member states ! = aspiring member states . 
  turkey leaving nato and looking for different allegiance would quite possibly be a major upheaval in the east especially considering the us focussing more on itself . 
  and honestly i 'd rather have ankara stay with the west than ally with the russians, 
  oh i can see that completely . 
  i just heavily dislike ruling something like this out `` forever '' because that is an awfully long time . 
  a croat that only comes for a fe weeks for a construction project does n't necessarily need to speak german and even if longer , while he ahould obv learn german if he is with his countrymen just let them speak croatian . 
  i am not gona star speaking english with fellow germans kust because we are say in the uk, 
  so if i hire a croatian construction crew for a job in germany you think it is a problem if they speak cratian ( as they are all croats ) instead of german ? 
  the netherlands were merely a few hundred kilometers from the soviets, 
  never say never . 
  things change . 
  a lot . 
  what i am trying is to remove heavily biased information on the war because it is heavily biased . 
  i am not pro putin just because i question the legitimacy of ukranian news about the war . 
  i literally said in the post you replied to that something like rt is not acceptable either, 
  i simply believe war propaganda is not agood way to gain information . 
  i am not gon na look at rt for information on ukraine either . 
  if you , want to put meaningful contnet take from more rputable , sources . 
  some from countries that are not directly involved in the war . 
  so reports about heroic german soldiers fighting on the eastern front in ww2 would not be war propaganda either ? 
  even if this is true which i can not verify it still falls under war propaganda, 
  i just looked at the flair apparemtly, 
   this should be a perfect excuse for turkey to never enter the eu that clearly says other wise though . 
  you are clearly saying turkey should never join . 
  well but you said never . 
  never is also after a despot like salazar was disposed . 
  it is not at all irrelevant to the uk . 
  how long do you think it would take for war to flare up once again in europe once you take away the fundamental structures of european peace and friendship ? 
  how long do you think it would take for russia to engage in another powergrab when the rest of europe is too embroiled in its own dissolution ? 
  do you really believe the uk would not also be part of this ? 
  i would be suprised simply because that is not the style of government of the the german government . 
  i think they will just let local government block the rallies, 
  can we not have propaganda pieces from either side on here please ? 
  would you say that the salazar regime was also a good reason for portugal to never enter the eu ? 
  oh i was here during 2015 supporting the troika that was tough :d still while i would consider myself more conservative iw ould think of myself more the german than the british style of conservative . 
  the thing about the ecb and the euro is that it should be good for all members and the ecb in my oppinion iss too much looking after the south . 
   of course it would have affected the banks . 
  my point is that the banks did n't cause the situation that they were in . 
  other people did ( the greek govt and the troika ) . 
  and i can agree with you on that . 
  that does not shield them from the consequences of that situation though . 
  similarly if lightning strikes your house and it burns down that is outside of your control , but you still deal with the consequences . 
  or if you loose a leg because of negligence of another driver and subsequently ca n't work then it is still your problem if that means you ca n't pay your mortgage . 
   the ecb should not have been involved in or reacting to the negotiations at all !, 
  their focus should have been only on the greek banks , and stabilising them from the danger they were in . 
  that is impossible though as these negotitations are directly affecting the banks and the overall stability of the euro area . 
   that is not a license to attempt to pressure the greek government into complying with the troika or giving up their demands . 
  the stability of the euro was n't threatened by the negotiations , but the greek banks were . 
  this is i think a very fundamental disagreement here . 
  i do believe that the stability of the euro was at least threatened . 
  right . 
  that is a pretty unpopular oppinion on here though :d i also really dislike how much the euro has plummeted since 2013 . 
  would be much healthier for germany at least ( and a bunch of other more northern states ) to be at 1.30 on the dollar . 
  like a sixpack ? 
  73 % actually does n't seem outlandish even if you do n't account for that . 
  i know a good chunk of people at least that would have answered that with no . 
  i also find staggering the legality for beer and wine and for spirits good here . 
  i do n't know how it is in the czech republic but here in germany you can order a beer at 16 but spirits only 18 and up . 
  that 's so weird to me . 
  here if you go with a legal guardian you could have 14 year olds have a beer at a restaurant without any problem with the law . 
  what is a high school here ? 
  and if that means age 15-18 , i see no problem with that this high . 
  the bigger problem is that teens tend to binge drink too much in my oppinion . 
  nothing wrong with having some beer at the weekend . 
  right of course . 
  i am looking at post war history . 
  i am also not aware of actual good data on pre ww2 . 
  i also do not know about the wishes of the british government , but 1.9 % inflation sounds absolutely fine to me . 
  i personally wish interests would rise again so that for once the ecb would stop fueling a housing bubble here though, 
   the banks had nothing to do with the conflict . 
  whether it was the greek government or the troika threatening the banks is irrelevant . 
  the banks had everything to do with it !, 
  do you really dispute that the decision reached by the troika and the greek government would not have affected the greek banks ? 
   the ecb helped create the possibility that there would be a grexit . 
  instead it could have taken pressure off the negotiations by taking care of the banks and leaving the parties to it . 
  it did n't because of politics . 
  the ecb reacted to the greek government fliritng with a possible grexit with letting the negotiations fail . 
  maybe the decision to not increase ela made a grexit more likely , but that should not fully deter the ecb from a decision like this . 
  the ecb should not be liable to blackmail . 
   let 's say , hypothetically that this is true . 
  it still does n't matter . 
  the ecb is impartial , allegedly . 
  it is irrelevant whom is harming the banks -- the role of the ecb is to protect solvent banks , and in this case to support them with ela . 
  greek banks are not representatives of or part of the greek government . 
  they 're private organisations . 
  but the ecb can also not engage in state financing and a lot of the actions of the ecb at least come dangerously close to this . 
  also just because these banks are private entities , that does not shield them from the impact of government decisions . 
  and also the greek central bank is absolutely part of the greek state . 
   well what it did in the greek situation was intentionally political . 
  again any decision here would have been intentionally political .
