  http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/wuerzburg-regionalzug-101.html this is the source . 
  it 's from an interview with the minister . 
  einstein and goethe belong on that list i think . 
  in general there seems to be a lack of writers . 
  what more austerity than a balanced budget do you want ? 
  the thing is he had a gun he would have definitely killed people before someone could react and kill him . 
  http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/wuerzburg-regionalzug-101.html here is the video source of the statement of mr. herrmann . 
  bavarian minister of interior apparently said it was a 17 year old afghan, 
  i mean it 's just a beer . 
  no reaction . 
  what should people do ? 
  if you are at university you are in basically all cases old enough to have a beer, 
  they even have beer at the vending machine . 
  though the only instance i recall someone having a beer was the prof having it while holding the lecture . 
  let 's just start with the patriot act . 
  you do know that this is the argumentation that eventually led to the mass killings during the holocaust ? 
  but that does not necessarily require brexit to be done already . 
  and if we were to commit genocide how would we be better than the terrorists ? 
  how would that not make terrorists of ourselves ? 
  ( besides this being massively unconstitutional obv ), 
  who would block scottish admission ? 
  why should spain block scotland if there were an amicable split between scotland and the ruk ? 
  the methods you propose are very similar and it would also hit mostly innocents . 
   votes had barely been tallied in britain when her vice-chancellor , sigmar gabriel , leader of the center-left social democrats , and european parliament president martin schulz rushed out a 10-point plan for a `` refoundation '' of europe . 
  i guess they just had the thing prepared and just had to take the folder out when the result came in . 
  i also simply fail to see how the government is supposed to spend a trade surplus that is not in the hands of the government . 
  germany is far less dependent on russian gas overall than the baltics . 
  germany gets a share of aroun 35 % of its gas from russia ... also russia is a significantly more reliable partner than ukraine . 
  well in finland , yeah . 
  not so much in germany or the netherlands for example . 
  keep in mind finland is almost as large as germany but germany has 15 times the population of finland . 
  i do n't know look at the responses of terror attacks . 
  these are also fairly insignificant statistically, 
  i suppose we call the remainder simply england . 
  poor liechtenstein :(, 
  you forgot liechtenstein !, 
  and how do you define islamists ? 
  if you define it as those followinga violent version of islam , how do you prevent radicalization ? 
  or to be more precise how do you prevent it without infringing on very basic rights ? 
  we have no regulations on guns , explosives and hate speech ? 
  that is news to me !, 
  with how many people dead ? 
  not even 1000 people died in terrorist attacks this and last year in europe . 
  the point of terrorism is to instigate fear and create a response . 
  it is not actually killing that many people, 
  and how do we do that without giving up essential freedoms ? 
  how do we prevent radicalization in the age of the internet ? 
  israel suffers far more attacks then europe, 
  and do they have citizenship there ? 
  that was always an empire though and not a kingdom . 
  it even says there as `` deutsches reich '' . 
  there were never kings only emperors . 
  maybe round them up in , i dunno , concentration camps ? 
  you know that what you suggest here is pretty damn close to what the nazis did ? 
  the thing is both of these are the french and german words for this and i would have expected there to be an english word aswell . 
  there are a lot of words that are similar for example between german and english , but this is straight up a german word . 
  first coup , now putsch . 
  does english not have an own word for this ? 
  why would we want a turkish russian alliance ? 
  where do you deport legal citizens of your own country to ? 
  and what is that conclusion ? 
  that 's easier in germany . 
  the only emperors of germany all were of the house of hohenzollern , the former kings of prussia . 
  interestingly germany has never been a kingdom , but there have been a lot of german kingdoms, 
  well germany is also just a federation of a lot of small countries ( in number similar to the current eu ), 
  the section on germany is about as long as the european list, 
  people choose google because google was the first in the market so people are used to using google . 
   1 ) crack down on mosques by pushing for only certification of imams through a french branch of islam laicite . 
   expel any church found to be taking donations from countries that espouse views conflicting to western values this seems very hard to do practically simply because it is fairly easy to funnel these through offshore corporations or through other private entitites . 
   temporary cessation of all immigration from muslim majority countries again we have things like no discrimination based on religions and this is not even based just on religion , but even if you are not of that religion . 
   establish refugee camps defended by nato in the areas closer to the conflict areas . 
  this prevents desperate people from trying to cross the border . 
  how do you finance the infrastructure for such giant camps ? 
  the unhcr already is consistently underfunded . 
  also how would you seel such a mission at home  break up the cultural ghettos within france by dispersing muslims throughout the country more evenly that needs to be done , but will cause problems , because where for example do you have these people live ? 
  also people like to live with their social circles . 
  how would you like it if your own country deported you away from your friends and possibly family ? 
   begin deporting unemployed non-eu citizen , immigrants , or at least stop extending welfare benefits . 
  there still is the right to apply for asylum and get it granted if you fit the requirements . 
  for those that do not qualify deport them . 
   this forces them to get a job , which will force integration , or else drive them to leave the country for greener pastures . 
  this also forces people into criminality and living an underground live . 
  also unconstitutional in germany at least . 
  and what sort of concrete action would you suggest against lone wolf attacks ? 
  92 % marketshare not a monopoly to you ? 
  right because this is about the market share of google in europe . 
  i even specificallyp ointed out that this is about market share in europe, 
  this is where i got my info from : http://www.businessinsider.com/heres-how-dominant-google-is-in-europe-2014-11?ir=t, 
  this is / r/europe . 
  do you seriously expect downvotes ? 
  someone who knew too clearly what this was about . 
  if you know that there is an attack in nice the headline looks clear . 
  interestingly i did n't even get that you could read this as nice attack , but immediately associated it with nice ( or nizza in german/italian ), 
  by what standard is google not a monopolist in the search market ? 
  92 % market share vs 24 % vw market share in europe . 
  do you not think that is a tiny difference ? 
  no i mean the land that was german before the partitions, 
  how about 70 dimensional ? 
  why does it really matter which dimensions we use ? 
  it just is that if you use more than 2 it wo n't be easily displayable on a piece of paper .
