  another factor is that in the last months the stock markets in general went down a bit with the bad numbers coming from china . 
  in the end of may for example the german dax was 12.5 % higher than it is now end of may, 
  the french voting system is kinda fucked up, 
  they wanted to bankrupt/cut the debt , but they did n't want to leave the euro , but that 's just not how it works . 
  i never said anything about the greek people , but yes i think that greece would be off worse . 
  see right before the referendum this year the banks almost collapsed , which would have led to greeks haivng no access to cash at all anymore . 
  i am also glad how the leaders of my countries handled it . 
  giving in a bit and finally granting a third bailout was a good thing in my oppinion . 
  i would have preferred a variant with a grexit , but i think the current option is fine aswell i just hope there will be no fourth bail out, 
  what should the eu do ? 
  greece did n't want to leave the euro zone or declare bankruptcy . 
  greece could have refused the bailouts , left the euro zone and declared bankruptcy . 
  also just because it also helped the other eu contries does not mean it did n't help greeece . 
  again this year greece was bailed out again, 
  well the eu helped in preventing a greek default . 
  the eu prevented the collapse of the greek banking sysem by granting credits when noone else would . 
  i know there are some truly gruesome people there , but they still have human rights, 
  another thing is : `` how much can you do on ther internet in croatian ? 
  for smaller countries the internet in their native language is a lot smaller . 
  i could stick too all german sites and get just about everything you get on reddit . 
  you find all of that stuff in german aswell, 
  the uk are the has the most absolute users . 
  it just happens that the uk also has the thirdmost people overall in europe, 
  high-powered semi-automatic weapons are not banned currently ? 
  well tha tdepends who you ask of course , but basically every human rights organization critizices the extended abuse of solitary confinement . 
  how does that not fall under cruel and unusual punishment ? 
  i mean i get that nobody can force the us to change that since they 're too powerful , but how do things like prolonged solitary confinement not violate human rights ? 
  no freedom for the enemies of freedom ? 
  really i do n't like the fn , but eve nthen they won elections they get to govern, 
  what i really do n't get is why so many countries still have fptp systems . 
  i personally think that the german system is a lot better in that way ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0i-sdosxu&amp;feature=iv&amp;src_vid=r9rgx91rq5i&amp;annotation_id=annotation_1700130593 that video explains basically how it works ), 
  honestly i really really do n't like the fn , but they won the elections and now they should get to govern . 
  they won elections fair and square . 
  maybe tatoo those numbers into their arms ? 
  man and they were screaming like merkel was about to get overthrown when her support dipped slightly below 50 %, 
  did i missunderstand something or did he say anything against a specifici group of people ? 
  as much as i understand it he just said fuck france , fuck the french etc. 
  and these are just not homogenous groups . 
  i think a lot of people here would like the fn a lot less if they actually knew their proposed policies, 
  no 100 years ago we had [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ec/flag_of_the_german_empire.svg ), 
  1918 is almost 100 years ago, 
  finlandi s about as neutral as austria ... 
  i do n't think poland would like that very much . 
  well angela merkel has real power . 
  donald trump right now is mostly a clown , that may be entertaining to watch , but he ca n't really change anything, 
  and the vast majority of that occured after the machtergreifung after they got elected . 
  yes , but maybe you did n't notice how the condition in refugee camps in greece and hungary were/are . 
  recruiting among refugees to fight on the ground is fine , just do n't force people . 
  also that still leaves the problem that there is no clear goal for a ground invasion for syria . 
  i would guess because the post he replied to reminded at least me very strongly of a quote from g\u00f6bbels : `` wenn unsere gegner sagen : ' ja , wir haben euch doch fr\u00fcher die [ ... ] freiheit der meinung zugebilligt . ` ja , ihr uns !, 
  fyi the nsdap got elected democratically, 
  no because those are groups that are banned under german law . 
  yeah , but historically racism has also been used to pinpoint religious groups . 
  jews are not a race either, 
  hey then you should be happy . 
  pretty much 20 % of people in germany are considered to have a migration background, 
  you learn to shrug the hate on / r/europe off, 
  via airplane ? 
   if you have 100 euro and you lose 30 euro , while i have 10 euro and lose 9 . 
  i still losed more !, 
  but lets just leave this topic . 
  this is almost comical because you just said the exact opposite in your post before . 
  which statements of mine do you doubt btw ? 
  if you want to see the territories that poland annexed from germany look at historical maps . 
  if you doubt the numbers of the holocaust look them up, 
  see if there are 50 poles and the german kills 15 and there are 10 roma and the german kills 9 the roma suffered a 90 % death quota and the pole suffered a 30 % death quote . 
  also if you are not playing victim , why is your entire post pointing out the losses of poland and how it 's the german 's fault while also completely dismissing that others also suffered . 
  i can see that you dismiss that poland annexed swaths of germans land and expulsed the germans and seized their assets , but that does n't make it any less true . 
  so you still want to play victim after 70 years ? 
  i just said that the roma were a lot more thoroughly exterminated . 
  see there simply were not more roma left to kill , but obviously a roma live is not worth as much to you as a polish life also yes danzig was a free city . 
  a free city inhabited by germans . 
  i never talked about the territories poland lost in the east because for now they do n't matter . 
  blame the soviets if you want but that does n't change the fact that large swaths were annexed by poland and germans were purged from poland even if they were not killed for the most part . 
  i also was not the one that got all offended and blaming that was you nad i am just trying to argue with you . 
  you opened that box, 
  but certainly not justified . 
  sadly it 's pretty damn hard to find the perpetrators, 
  if you look at it in percentages tho roma got exterminated a lot more thoroughly . 
  there are basically no roma left , but there are still a lot of poles in poland . 
  also just look at a map and look at the former german territories that were annexed by poland . 
  i can tell you cities like danzig or stettin . 
  regions like pommerania or silesia . 
  do you want to discuss that these regions were annexed by poland ? 
  ww2 was not fought on american soil . 
  also i honestly preferring to remember and fihgt rising xenophobia rather than how americans deal with the genocide of native americans and racial segregation going on up until well after ww2, 
  roma are a bit of a tough topic in germany considering they were one of the groups that were targeted by the holocaust ( which is also why there are barely any roma in germany ), 
  sch\u00e4uble 's primary interest i think was saving the eu and the euro and if that meant that greece would have to leave the euro then i think he would have had them leave . 
  sch\u00e4uble is very big on europe and the eu do n't forget that, 
  and what are the other solutions that do n't ignore things like the refugee convention or the eu charta of human rights ? 
  see another solution would be to round those people up and then kill them then you have no refugee problem left , but i do n't think i have to tell you why that 's wrong, 
  show me the bigg relevant far left parties in europe . 
  what else big far left party is really relevant ? 
  i do n't feel like it is especially pc in germany . 
  well far right parties can champion very leftwing economic poliies . 
  see for example the nsdap, 
  it 's more that we demand more hese days . 
  if you only want to feed your children and have them osme cloth to wear and live in a small flat you can still do that just not at t he level of wealth that people see as normal these days, 
  because the far left is not all that relevant in a lot of european countries . 
  well the nsdap economic policies were also not rightwing but far left for example .
