  the state is supposed to be indifferent to religion . 
  i do n't see the harm in allowing police officers to wear a headscarf . 
  right the state is supposed to be indifferent to religion and that means to me that people should be able to be religious or not as they choose and also be allowed to display that as long as they do n't harm others or do n't violate other laws . 
  i think that the state is supposed to be above religion is exactly the reason we should allow police officers to wear a headscarf, 
  jajajajajaja always looks weird . 
  ja = yes in german, 
  i 'd be suprised if not . 
  actually i would not be particularly suprised if i found a crucifix at a police station here . 
  i am pretty sure we had crucifixes at my school, 
  what is the harm in displaying religious symbols or wearing religious clothing as long as it not obscuring their faces or otherwise impeding their duties ? 
  i certainly do n't see a problem with a police officer wearing a necklace with a corss or someone wearing a headscarf . 
  i also just do not see how it is backwards to allow women to wear a headscarf if they choose so . 
  they should be able to choose wearing one or not for themselves and if they see it as part of who they are why do i care ? 
  good lord and ordinary police officer should not be allowed to veil his face . 
  if they want to wear a headscarf fine with me , but more is not ok for police . 
  well at least i get the perception that the polish government is not averse to harboring anti german sentiment in the country . 
  i wish one day germany and poland can have at least comparably good relations as germany and france, 
  i think 3-4 % is a common definition, 
  man poland is funny at times . 
  that 's just wrong ... ukrainians were 24 % of the population while 60.7 % were russian according to the 2001 census . 
  in the 2014 census there were 65.7 % russians while there were only 15.7 % ukranians . 
  for comparison : in estonia you have roughly 70 % estonians and 25 % russians . 
  would you say estonia is not majority estonian ? 
  because germany does n't have a surplus for very long ? 
  do n't forget that germany only in the last few years really recovered from the post reunification crisis . 
  it is also of course also a lack of political will . 
  you ca n't present something new when you are just maintaining infrastructure . 
  you also have the problem that while the federal household is well , the states not so much and a number of muncipalities are in deep trouble . 
  you do know that gemany just created a package worth close to 300bn $ until 2030 for infrastructure ? 
  there was a scenario where close to 100 bn were allocated over five years assuming something like 600k people in 2016 and 2017 400k in 2018 and 300k in 2019 . 
  now we are well below this level so the effective number will be signficiantly smaller . 
  still it will be in the double digits billion . 
  for comparison the german ministry of defense has a budget of a bit more than 34 billion euro in 2016, 
  more than 90 % of the people from the balkans that fled to germany left or were made leave, 
  and tell me which concept did not include deporting people back to their homelands , either once the war is over or immediately once the asylum process is finished ? 
  what is so wrong with creating hotspots at the borders to prevent people freely roaming in europe ? 
  i think that is just necessary as you said to make it safer we ca n't have people without papers everywhere . 
  it is also a lot easier to deny people if they are not in the core of europe . 
  the thing is to make such a solution feasible for the border states you need some sort of distribution system for approved asylum seekers or another europe wide asylum system . 
  why ? 
  you have full employment in parts of germany , in mata , in parts of the czech republic . 
  note that full employment does not mean a 0 % unemployment rate . 
  it 's comparably close to standard german as luxembourgish if people speak the dialect heavily . 
   there is no franco-german axis . 
  it 's a delusional idea which once held true but no longer exists . 
  germany is calling the shots and france meekly obliges . 
  that is more a function of germany having a signficantly more stable government than france and the german economy being in better shape . 
   the germans like to blow smoke up your french asses from time to time so you get a sense of empowerment , but when was the last time hollande ( or sarkozy before him ) overruled merkel in a big policy decision and got his way ? 
  sure , we can call it `` compromise '' , except all compromises tend to direct the final say to the chancellery . 
  the last major ones would have been the quota systems and the greek crisis . 
  without france working with germany the quota system ca n't be enforced and france prevented greece falling out of the ez . 
   agreed . 
  i 'd add the southern europeans in the conversation , too . 
  too often they are treated as if they are just drags on everyone , and as such , we can just dismiss their voices . 
  because they have mostly been in agreement with france/germany ? 
  france and the south have maanged for example a softer deal for example for greece against germany/ee . 
   well , they were right on austerity from 2011 onwards , but we preferred to label them as lazy latino tax cheats . 
  that worked wonders , did n't it ? 
  so if greece could have also taken out loans on the free market why did n't they do it and keep independent from the rest of the eu ? 
  yeah because they could n't afford it anymore and that meant that they had to cut back expenses . 
  a fiscal union is also pretty much impossible with how the eu is set up and especially with how diverse it is economically . 
  and i do not think that a lot of other parts of the eu are so keen on giving up the power a political union ( which is a prerequesite to a fiscal union ) requires . 
  so we handle the inability of the eu to act by lowering its power more and more ? 
  it 's also not like ee in particular has proposed any workable solutions at least not ones that comply with the eu declaration of human rights . 
  bavarian is a language too then ? 
  well usually yes , but the articile specifically mentioned that it fell compared to june leading me to believe that this is not seasonally djusted data, 
  and in the big vacation times !, 
  who would have thought that if lots of people take vacation at the same time industry output might get slightly lower . 
  i may live in bavaria , but i am actually not a catholic, 
  it 's really quite funny how far left this sub is economicalyl especially compared to its stance on refugees . 
  it really is quite something to hear valls parroting about women not having to live under the yoke of a chauvinist order while dictating what they can and can not wear . 
   the female body is neither pure nor impure ; it is the female body . 
  it does not need to be hidden to protect against some kind of temptation . 
  that is of course true , but it is also not the job of the french state to intervene if women freely choose to wear less revealing clothes . 
  the vast majority of the german surplus comes from outside the eu ... 
  right , the old debt is also obviously rolled over onto new bonds with lower interest . 
  the point is that you get faster to this 60 % ratio again if you do not run a deficit and we do n't have to . 
  you save when times economically are good and spend when the times are worse . 
  the next crisis could be soon again . 
  well the euro is fundamentally undervalued for germany resulting in trade surplus balooning . 
  you do know that germany roughly has equal shares of protestants and catholics ? 
  yeah that 's probably why he is one of the large driving forces behind keeping the german budget balanced ... 
  well if you end up with extra money you can spend it . 
  it 's also campaigning season . 
  note that the budget will still be balanced, 
  is n't that why you typically need a supermajority to change a constitution ? 
  note that this happened because the railway platform is owned by db while the station building is owned by the local muncipality and the muncipality just did n't raise their building, 
  yes and no . 
  db is a corporation with shares . 
  it is just that the german state holds 100 % of these . 
  it was considered for a while to have it be traded publicly though . 
  oh well , does n't make it any more true . 
  less than 5 % of votes means you get no seats, 
  well that is now for the courts to decide . 
  you do know that nationlaities are not evenly distributed ? 
  it does n't really matter what happens in one town . 
  for example in some town there might be only tunisians because you need persons that can communicate with tunisisans . 
  and those that do n't qualify for asylum or subsidiary protection will be sent back . 
  in addition to that if the war is over asylum/subsidiary protection for syrians ends aswell and they will be sent back . 
  and as for who enforces the law : in germany that is typically done by the police .
