  it also burnt a lot of good will from the rest of the eu . 
   the referendum wasn \u00b4 t pointless , because it gave the greek people a way to express their will . 
  and i recall there was a solid majority both for no and for keepign the euro . 
  these were not compatible options though . 
  the referendum just masked the issue with unrealistic promises of what could happen if no were to win . 
   as i said , at least they tried . 
  the former government was just serving the will of the eu & the imf without any argument . 
  also no constructive ideas and even worse , humiliating for greece , a country already laying on the ground . 
  we can be glad so far that the golden dawn has not profited from syrizas failure . 
  and what syriza pulled was not even more humiliating for greece ? 
  the greek govenrmetn through what was essentially a temper tantrum . 
  they exactly campaigned on ending austerity . 
  they just had no plan on how to actually do that other than standing and saying to the eu that they want to end austerity without a plan for what happens when the eu inevitably just said `` no '' . 
  what your video is defining is not intelligence , that is an algorithm . 
  a way to solve a problem in a finite number of steps is almost exactly the definiton for that . 
   so by this way of looking at intelligence , varoufakis is not intelligent . 
  he did not start on a journey that led him to a positive destination , and now that he has resigned he has removed himself from the ability to solve the problem . 
  even under that assumption allywe canconclude is that he failed . 
  whether it was a positive direction or not lies in the eye of the watcher and even if i think it was not i know others disagree on that . 
   i would say he is highly gifted at mimicry , but since leadership involves looking at novel situations and getting from a to b , he was the wrong kind of person for the job . 
  any job involves getting from a to b. 
  any task involves that . 
  i agree that varoufakis fails here , i believe mostly because he is too fixated on ideology . 
   a truly gifted leader would be somebody like peter thiel , but currently our political systems in the west do not select for these kinds of minds , so we shall never have a ` silicon valley of government ' . 
  i am not sure mr. thiel would have the sense of selfishness you need for such a high office . 
  i also do believe that angela merkel for example would exactly be such a person you are describing . 
  what you are doing is essentially claling for a technocratic governement ( or a `` silicon valley of government '' as you called it ), 
  syriza failed because what it proposed was completely unrealistic in the first place . 
  they basically said they would stop austerity without any proper way to finance it and no just saying the rest of the eu will pay for it is not a serious plan . 
  what reckless action they commited : primarily calling that referendum and letting the negotiatiosn crash in 2015 . 
  how was that not reckless ? 
  that referendum was utterly pointless but quite costly . 
  maybe they wanted to shake things up , but they did not have any proper plans on how to do it , there was no constructive planscoming from syriza, 
  how can we not hold him and his party accountable for their reckless actions they took while in power though ? 
  the syriza government is responsible for the introduction of capital controls , the syriza government was responsibel for escalating the situation in 2015 , calling a referendum for no reason and then ignore the result . 
  they also bascially campaigned for having the cake and eating it , which obviously wo n't work . 
  varoufakis is just the left wing , more well spoken counterpart to people like marine lepen . 
  surely an intelligent man , but there are more than enough example of inteligent people that still held extremist views . 
  i agree with you , but i do n't think we should question if varoufakis is smart , that much is obvious i think . 
  he might be deluded in his own right and unable to properly do realpolitik instead being a stubborn ideologist , but i do n't doubt he is intelligent . 
  well varoufakis should be very aware how deluded smart people can , but he probably is not . 
  to the political opposition, 
  right of course this could just go out like that . 
  that is the nature of news though . 
  that is what can and would happen at any time . 
  it is also at least a potential topic for campaigning for election . 
  i think that it would be foolish to not make identity a topic for the conservatives . 
   i also do n't think , that it 's insane or anything . 
  buuuuuuuuuuuut :-) ( i guess , the `` but '' is also part of a german leitkultur ... ) but i think , that it 's , again , the wrong time to do it ... and of course the wrong person . 
  i disagree on it being the wrong time . 
  in fact i think it is exactly the right time . 
  it is election season coming up . 
  when else would such a discussion on identity be more suitable ? 
  i also do not think you are going to get an honest debate at any time . 
  election season requires political parties to be more concise in their positions . 
  it will force everyone to make clear where they stand . 
  you also get a civil debate going this way . 
  see it is already working . 
  we are already talking about the topic . 
  for an honest political debate where parties are really willing to change positions this topic is also simply too politically loaded, 
  no , but she would make herself vulnerable if she did n't . 
  i am sure she is well aware that this wo n't achieve anything . 
  honestly i do n't think leitkultur as a concept is something at least the cdu/csu is not behind . 
  and honestly i do think that a lot of people in the country do n't think it is insane either and the left attacking it by thrwoing around nazi accusations only will hurt them in my oppinion . 
  now was it good from de maizere ? 
  but de maizer also is just not one of my favourite faces of the government anyways . 
  he is really flip flopping too much and is speaking to grandiose . 
  dominant culture is a terrible translation of the german term `` leitkultur '' though . 
  something like leading or guiding culture seems a lot closer , but sounds less sensationalistic . 
  a primary surplus . 
  and there is a huge difference between a primary surplus and a real surplus . 
  so we see where unemployment is low employment is high . 
  this is just a amore detailed map . 
  i dont think days is the right timescale for actually bulding nuclear weapons . 
  months seems like a more , corrrect timeline, 
   yeah . 
  2 centuries . 
  2 centuries of oppressed poles . 
  these areas had been german since the 12th and 13th century . 
  these were not part of the territory acquired during the polish partitions . 
  look at a map dude  based on the fucking 1939 nazi census . 
  it 's written there in the friggin corner . 
  there were no large spread measures taken against poles on non occupied territory simply becasue there were not many . 
   if you , a person that uses nazi sources and does n't know the oppression caused by the germans , represent germany , yes i have a big problem with germany . 
  a document from the potsdam conference is a nazi source . 
  right . 
  i forgot the nazis had major representations at that conference . 
   luckly i know that not a lot of germans suffer from ridiculous nationalism like you do . 
  lol . 
  oh and if you wan na talk about oppression you could look at alsace-lorraine yourself . 
   what you forget ( besides the naziesque rant hurr durr 90 % germans which is false for upper silesia and parts of the s of e prussia ) is that the regions of silesia and pomerania were traditionally polish . 
  traditionally what ? 
  these areas had been german for centureies . 
  and as for percentages . 
  look at the allies map from the potsdam conference yourself : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/vertreibungsgebiet.jpg i also see that you simply seem to have a problem with germany so i do n't think this has much sense here, 
  i think you are completely missing my point . 
  i am not even referring the holocaust here . 
  my point was simply that if an event is deemed a genocide is a political decision and illustrated that by the events that happened in then eastern germany now poland . 
  look at a map of the area from the interwar period . 
  then look at a current map .
