  i think they are disillusioned by now and i think if no wins greece will in practice be forced out of the euro because they just wo n't have euros left, 
  the thing is i just do n't like to see the assocations with nazism . 
  i am kinda glad that i can be proud of my country again these days ( within constraints ) , but it is just still a kinda tough topic . 
  i personally also think that with a better strategic vision germany could have won ww2 but well thats not what happend and it is better for the majority of europe . 
  i also do n't want so say that stalinism or nazism were worse . 
  they were both really bad . 
  what i loathe tho is the glorification of stalin who in my oppinion would have been portrayed in at least a bad light as hitler if the soviet union had lost . 
  i think germany is still a great country and there are tons of great germans ( from gutenberg , to einstein , to the manns , to luther for example ), 
  i think if yes wins ela will be expanded again because then you can justify it by saying the greeks want to negotiate . 
  in case of no tho i think ela will be dropped . 
  i just hope that if you live in greece you got your money out of the country soon enough, 
  the troika is there to keep greek from defaulting . 
  greek politics is the job of the greek government, 
  yeah if english is your native language i get why this soundsmore awkward . 
  i totally get you but it probably would look a bit weird if i wrote fishe to you ? 
  ( and that would be the german plural for it fische is the german word ), 
  what is your native language ? 
  because to me as a german native speaker this feels way less awkward, 
  it is very much a political issue in greecea swell . 
  it was politics that ended the negotiationsand not economics . 
  it was politics that led to the banks shutting down this week primarily . 
  those are two different types of affording tho . 
  we can financially probably aford to lose the 300 billion euro and for all good measures those are gone anyways . 
  also the greek debt already got restructured and cut before . 
  germany for example has public opinion against bailing out greece again . 
  they just can not afford to it politically and i find it quite cynical to ask that the ez respects the oppinion of the greek population but ignores public opinion in other places, 
  and that will only lead to collission course in my oppinion because public opinion in the other countries is against bailing out greece again if they do n't want to accept reforms, 
  the whole question is symbolic . 
  you can not vote on that deal anymore because it expired . 
  yes the debt ratio will increase if the gdp decreases . 
  and greece gdp was inflated by the high government spending due to the insane amount ofdebt the government took . 
  if you reduce the new government debt to a sane level as a result the gdp will take a hit and the debt ratio will increase . 
  also sure interest rates do not tell the whole story , but restructuring the debt so that the interest wo n't choke the greek economy was a necssary step on the way to recovery . 
  i can agree that the lowering of the gdp was a result of the more strict austerity policy , but what was really the alternative ? 
  a greek default in 2010 would have been significantly more painful . 
  also it is not the job of the troika to reform your tax system , that is the job of the greek government and i agree that is a huge problem . 
  also the loans to greece were bound to government reforms that were failed to implement . 
  also would you prefer if greek had defaulted instead of the ez keeping greece alive and inside the ez ? 
  i mean it is basically due to the loans of the ez . 
  also yes the greeks surely did n't stop working in 2010 ( this whole hurr durr the greeks so lazy is just bullshit ) , but you had to cut back on government spending that was ridiculous before which in return reduced the gdp . 
  also really if you think europe is in some weird anti-greek conspiracy and is just looking to maximise the profits of greece they would have abandoned you quite some time ago . 
  the path to recovery just is harsh , but if you look at the 2014 data the gdp was starting to climb slowly again ... by now there is no good way for greece anymore because your government alienated the ez so far that negotiations are barely possible . 
  they hide far too much behind ideology instead of looking at reality in my oppinion . 
  to be honest it is also quite funny that you accuse me of being overly emotional when your entire post just screams of anti european emotions while i just stated facts in my former post, 
  this already sounds so much less awkward if you use the proper plural, 
  this is just overly utopian overall as much as i like the ideas it just does n't seem realistic to have these implemented . 
  see i would really like a technocrat society , but it just does n't add up in reality . 
  yeah it just always irks me a bit to read it . 
  also the plural of panzer should be panzer aswell . 
  why do people always call german tanks , panzers ? 
  do you call our rifles gewehre aswell or our airforce luftwaffe ? 
  panzer is just the german word for tank and it seems so reminiscent to world war 2 to see german tanks called panzers ... 
  as much as i think the idea is overly idealistic , this would push for more independence from america ... 
  it seems more of something overly idealistic people want . 
  it just does n't match iwth reality . 
  it would already be pointless because the uk , france and germany probably do n't want to be a part . 
  also we already have nato, 
  yeah and within a few decades or one or two centuries this might become reality !, 
  i also dout germany would want a part in this . 
  and then you got the biggest militaries in europe that do n't want it and it doesnt make sense, 
  well you reap what you sow . 
  this is basically a result of the politics post world war ii and the cold war in germany that people are radically against the army simply because of what it stands for . 
  there is a reason why germany is so thoroughly against the military and the us policies post world war ii certainly play a role in this . 
  germany just experienced quite a lot of war during the 20th century between the two world wars aswell as the cold war, 
  on the flipside it also has its upsides . 
  it made loaning money cheaper for the southern european countries and it prevented for example germany 's currency to rise high ( similarly to what happened to the chf in the crisis ), 
  what i think what happens if no wins is that the greek government will try to negotiate witht he creditors . 
  they will make new offers that the eu can not accept and the atmosphere of the negotiations and the trust in the greek government is gone anyways . 
  in the end it will lead to the ecb stopping ela and greek will default causing the greek banking system to collapse, 
  would you prefer multinational conglomerates ? 
  you are probably the kind of person that really misses the f\u00fchrer ... 
  well northern sweden does not seem particularly well suited for settlements, 
  well you also have the money of everyone except of france and germany . 
  hey and do n't you belong with us ? 
  yes and because you have such an absurd debt rate it was converted to eu loans with extremely low interest rates so you dont get choked by it . 
  the restructuring of the debt was not only to save banks it was mostly to keep greece from defaulting . 
  because that is not the job of the troika . 
  that is the job of the greek government, 
   it was to swap the private debt that we had with eu debt supported by eu citizens . 
  this is something at least criminal . 
  eu leaders decided to save the german and french banks that had the debt of greece and get this burden to eu citizens shoulders . 
  that is not what that was for . 
  that was to not allow the financial crisis to escalate even further and lead to a crisis worse than 1929 . 
  not only would have not doing this have led to greece defaulting and the greek banking system probably collapsing but this probably would have caused this to cascade onto the other european countries and ultimately the donfall of the euro . 
  also this did help greece . 
  it cut the interest rates by quite a big margin and allowed the debt to become more managable . 
  it did make the greek debt more sustainable simply by virtue of creating an interest that is far far below of what greece could have actually gotten on the market . 
  also a loan is obviously not free money , but low interest rates makes it comparably free . 
  where else do you think greece would have gotten money ? 
  would you have preffered the euro zone falling apart ? 
  would you have preffered escalating the crisis of 2008 even more to the point where even political stability in europe is at stake ? 
  also you raised the point of debt . 
  yes everyone has debt . 
  germany has a debt of 2.2 trilion euro which is way higher than what greece currently has . 
  but what really matters is debt to gdp and where germany has a gdp of 3.4 trilion euro greece has a gdp of 238 bilion . 
  the problem is that if no wins it will basically make further negotitations impossible which will lead to greece collapsing in my oppinion, 
  no of course nobody can forcibly remove you from the eurozone . 
  it would simply mean the greek banks will go into default and the greek banking system will most likely collapse and if you dont have any euros anymore the greek government will want to get a currency going . 
  the greek government is just burning bridges with the same people they want to help them out . 
  i saw it but i just saw some greek letters that i canont read :p,
