  communism as an idea is more the antithesis to authoritarianism , albeit communist governments being authoritarian in practice, 
  and what government is doing that ? 
  the polish one ? 
  firstly germany has a center government if anything . 
  secondly i certainly would not call a government democratically elected and backed by the majority of citizens , that did not take a steep against th freedom of the press or democracy authoritarian . 
  the german government did not change the constitutu\u00fcion in a big way even while they have the necessary supermajority to do so . 
  really in what way is the geeman government auuthoritarian ? 
  you know the people also includes all the people who kay disagree with you, 
  what do you mean by arguing from an authoritarian persoective ? 
  you know this would read just great in the context of the machtergreifung, 
  can you tell me a single authoritarian left government in europe ? 
  so you expect a mayor to be savy handling international media ? 
  another issue reportedly was that a lot of tehse incident were n't vsioble from the outside, 
  i really do n't feel like this sub is censoring a lot of hatespeech with how much is still prevalent, 
  why should n't this be allowed ? 
  man the worst tragedy already after 5 days :o, 
  the thing is that countries like greece or hungary dont have the cpacities to do these cchecks, 
  munich would be my pick , but i would certqinly not rank berlin higher, 
  i think munich should be. , actually you can makr arguments for a lot of cities . 
  germany is not centralized, 
  so btw why arent us deathrow inmates shot ? 
  seems american to kill them by a gun, 
  so when did they start becoming economic migrants in your mind ? 
  when they came to europe ? 
  when they left greece/hungary ? 
  i think it is right to try and steer the public oppinion to a position where those reasonable people are the majority . 
  we can not leave the field to people trying to spew hate and going against the democracy and human rights . 
  as such i think it is right to use a rhetoric saying that we can cope with the situation even if it is tough and not trying to let the country slip into hysteria . 
  well but at least the leaders of my country adress the issues in my oppinion at least . 
  germany is consistently pushing for a solution and i think for one of the most reasonable ones . 
  i feel a lot of people demand easy solutions for very complex problems . 
  there is no easy solution to the refugee crisis . 
  i think it is very important to listen to peoples concerns but that does n't mean we can abandon basic human rights just because people call for it . 
  see most people would be happier if we did n't have to deal with these refugees , i certainly would , but i think it is vital to try to cope best with it even if these solutions are tough . 
  i feel like germany at least currently is going for a middle course as you said . 
  not necessarily giving in by naming a fixed limit , because this frankly can not work : just what do you do when the limit is reached and the next guy comes with legitimate reasons to claim asylum , but also not giving asylum to anyone for any reason . 
  and even if the eu were to start dissolving i think the core of it would stay . 
  if something could really endanger the eu i think it is a fn government in france pushing for a french exit of the eu, 
  there are a lot more german americans than german brazillians btw . 
  german heritage is the most common one in america . 
  nobody should be able to do any cherrypicking, 
  no , i did that 6 hours ago, 
   people already asked why they could vote . 
  explain to him how non-germans can vote in germany . 
  they were still germans ... for example if a ukranian from crimea moves to kiew he can still vote in the ukranian elections even tho crimea got annexed by russia . 
   i dont think anti refugee people in germany just dont want to take in refugees . 
  he is wrong . 
  people are sick of being ignored . 
  we are talking millions of refugees in the next few years . 
  to say they are all bad people that just dont want them is unfair and bad mannered . 
  i am not talking about specifically anti-refugee people , but people in a general sense . 
  also yes we are taking in well over a million people but hopefully we will get mechanisms for distribution within the eu actually working because having only handful countries taking in people is not sustainable . 
   and please , how can you claim that letting everyone in no questions asked is doing whats right . 
  there is so much wrong with what is going on you seem uninformed and let by your emotions . 
  i never said that . 
  i said that following the proper asylum procedure is what is right . 
  i think it would be right for everyone to be processed in the country they first entered in europe and then distributed around by airplanes . 
  i think that the union should pay for the registration facilities and the whole progress . 
  i also think that people that get denied asylum need to be deported aswell tho . 
  how so ? 
  people fleeing from the former german east territories were n't internal territories because those territories got annexed by poland/czechoslovakia . 
  the person i replied to already said that people do n't want refugees in general because they are a burden and that 's simply true hence you try to shape public oppinion in a way that the public approves of doing what 's right, 
  these days dialects are a lot less distinguished tho at least in germany . 
  see one example was as a kid growing up i could go to the schw\u00e4bische alp and there when the people talked i would n't understand a thing , it was basically a different language . 
  think of a dutch guy talking to an austrian . 
  these german dialects were vastly different, 
  apparently i am just bad at reading your map :( sorry . 
  there is no border fence between austria and germany . 
  i agree on that but a part of that is containing the anti-refugee atmosphere in society to avoid another rostock-lichtenhagen . 
  i also did n't make any comparison . 
  if anything i want to draw attention that there was also a massive number of germans fleeing after ww2 one that was much greater than we have now . 
  actually i am just kinda pissed at how much people disregard this , which by modern standards would fall under a crime against humanity . 
  yeah and the germans in eastern germany also died in the war . 
  these people were not welcomed . 
  they did n't necessarily speak similar . 
  think when you speak swiss german and you go to a rural community where people still speak dialect . 
  how so ? 
  and still they faced massive hostility from the local population . 
  people were forced to take in refugees on gunpoint at times by the occupying soldiers . 
  there were sayings like `` die drei gro\u00dfen \u00dcbel , das waren die wildschweine , die kartoffelk\u00e4fer und die fl\u00fcchtling '' `` the three biggest evils are feral pigs , potato beetles and the refugee '', 
  yes syrians may flee from bombs and a civil war . 
  germans fled from ethnic cleansing . 
  it is also not like the germans could return home at a time because their homeland got stripped away from them . 
  there is also another big difference . 
  the deathtoll now is a lot smaller . 
  if germany had n't lost the war the flight and expulsion would have been labelled a crime against humanity . 
  and these people were a burden aswell . 
  it is not that easy when your country just suddenly has 20 % more people . 
  you know that these posters are decades old and referring to the flight and expulsion of germans from eastern europe ? 
  well the new border was only officially accepted by germany in 1970 . 
  it was a big topic . 
  just look at it by the numbers . 
  almost 20 % of the electorate were people that were forced to flee . 
  up until hte imddle of the sixties it was a topic . 
  niemals darf hinter dem r\u00fccken der aus ihrer heimat vertriebenen oder gefl\u00fcchteten landsleute schindluder getrieben werden ! `` waiving is treason , who should doubt that . 
  100 years spd means 100 years of self-determination of peoples ( this is more of a buzzword in german ) . 
  the right to home ( not entirely accurate here , think homeland ) ca n't be sold for a lentil dish . 
  never may we play fast and lose on the back of those expulsed from their homes ( heimatvertriebene = people expelled from their home is the term used for the people that had to flee in germany ), 
  yes and they ca n't get refugee status . 
  this was on the legal status of refugees in turkey,
