  especially the next coming days will be very critical for europe and greece methinks, 
   while i do n't like tsipras , do like varoufakis as a person , and do n't like either as a politician i think it 's good they 're telling europe where to shove their bailout deals . 
  it 's just unfortunate it took so long for this to happen . 
  the deal was screwed from the start and the other european politicians did n't want to lose face by acquiescing to little greece 's demands . 
  fuck that , if this is really a union face should n't matter ... and , besides , leave face to east asia we 're supposed to be more practical about that kind of shit . 
  i think the problem was that they did only right before they ran out of cash . 
  also the earlier savings of greece economy and banking system ( 3-4 years ago ) were relly necessary to keep the eu zone stable . 
  i think as for negotiations everyone always has to cave in a bit and i think neither side wants to give in enough . 
  i know and those are conflicting with the intereests of other countries . 
  opinion i agree on . 
  thats why a good part of the reason why i like our politicians because they keep the country on a stable course and do n't make grave mistakes for the most part . 
  mrs. merkel and mr sch\u00e4uble as much as you may disagree or may dislike them are still skilled politicians . 
  honestly this greece situation only really made me apprecitate what politicians can do when they do good and what can do wrong when they are just not as experienced . 
  i mean syriza never even came close to ruling before right ? 
  i think a lot of those diplomats are also really smart , but they just did this so long they know how to hide emotions and their real oppinions . 
  i completely agree on your point that varoufakis would be a great advisor !, 
  yep . 
  that 's it . 
  i would love to have more people like mr. varoufakis in leading position but he for sure isnt great at diplomacy even if he is a great mind, 
  see i see it this way . 
  greece wants nothing else but not give concessions and they wnt germany and other state to abolish their ideas . 
  he basically wants to force down a deal he designs . 
  he then called a referendum because he felt like he doesnt have the power to negotiate and thinks the referendum gives him enough bargaining power i just think you can not let another nation try to extort you like this , but i agree saying it is time to teach tsipras a lesson is really not the language we should be using , i am sorry . 
  i just get the feeling that greece is even more stubborn on holding onto their position as germany is . 
  germany is even more lenient overall than the general domestic oppinion . 
  the german public already does not really back the bailout for greece, 
  i think varoufakis just not a politician . 
  he does n't behave like a politican , he is not the one to be most likely to make compromises i very much respect mr varoufakis and think he is a very intelligent person but i do n't think that we will get a solution like this, 
  the thing is you cut ties with the eu that will be hard to achieve, 
  well youa re still in a better spot than greece and it seems to slowly go up again at least from what i hear here in germany . 
  i personally feel so far we are in a good spot in germany at least with our center-conservative government, 
  where did you see me making an error ? 
  i couldnt find it . 
  english is also not my native language ( as my flair might indicate :d ), 
  i think it is very significant that germany did not end the negotiations . 
  i think it is important to be looking for solutions instead of burning bridges . 
  the debt already got stretched by a long time and it got restructured to conditions greece could n't get anywhere on the free market . 
  i think greece should have caved in a bit and germany/the ez should have caved in a bit . 
  just how those negotiations between calm adults should work . 
  no german public oppinion doesnt exist in a vaccuum and i also think it is a disgrace how papers like the bild portrayed the greek crisis ( saying the greeks are lazy fucks is just dumb ) , but i think it is right that tour government does n't let the greek government extort it . 
  i think it is time to show mr tsipras that he can not just make demands if he wants something from somebody . 
   this sentence shows exactly what 's wrong with people who do n't know about economics . 
  cutting things is not a way to increase gdp and in fact it does the opposite . 
  i know that this does not increase gdp . 
  the goal if this is not to increase the gdp the goal of this is to get into a position where the gdp can grow in a few years . 
  i mean that cutting spending probably is not good for the gdp seems pretty self explanatory , but it is just as wrong to just increase the gdp with debt because that will inevitably crash as we see in greece . 
   the only think that 's unrealistic is expecting greece to repay an unsustainable debt . 
  with more cuts you can expect the economy to stagnate in the next ten years and greece will be in a much worse position then . 
  only option is positive reforms and debt restructuring . 
  all other options lead to a greek demise . 
  and restructuring the debts is what i think the goal was to get it into a position where iti s stretched over a long time on feasible debts . 
  the goal is not to repay the dbt in 10 years not even in 20 but more in 50 years which is where the debt got stretched to . 
  i am not expecting greece to repay the debt anytime soon and i dont think it is realistic to expect that i think what you want is to get greece into a reasonable position for the future and a reasonable state budget is necessary for that in my oppinion . 
  it hurts on the short term but i think it is for the better long term . 
  i do n't want to hurt greece i do n't have a problem with you i just disagree with what your government demands . 
  and now it is fucked even more ? 
  it looks like the banking system in greece is about to collapse, 
   eu politicians do not want to show some modesty and agree that they were wrong . 
  the eu politicians constantly tried to negotiate terms . 
  terms that syriza declined instead of trying to find a middle ground . 
  syriza did n't exactly try to be modest either . 
  also if the policies worked for spain worked for italy why should n't it also have worked for greece ? 
  also if you have a deficit of 15 % gdp you have to cut back from that this is simply mandatory . 
  i think it is stupid to expectgreece to have a balanced household , but i think getting down to a reasonable level of new debt ( 2-5 % max ) is mandatorxy in my opinion . 
  i think it wouild have been possible to get greece out of this together but i think this gets more and more unrealistic, 
  yes and i think it was right that mr yanokovich was brought down and i think this law in spain has to be brought down aswell . 
  it is just a disgradce to spain and to europe, 
  yes it was really bad before aswell but i just feel that syriza beahves really amateurish as politicans on the international stage which led to the dire situtationw e are in now, 
  germany did not end the negotitations on further bailout nor was the time of when the tranche to the iwf has to be paid back said by germany to this point . 
  it was greece that ended the negotitons . 
  also do you really demand of a democratic government to openly act against what the german public wants ? 
  well but what do you expect of the successors of the sed ? 
  the problem is not that the diplomatic corps in europe are not good enough the problem is that the greek government has no real experience iwth ruling and is not that good at these diplomatic meetings, 
   nationalists are pro-greece , seeing them as oppressed by imperialist germany . 
  that legitimately made me laugh, 
  i know that in germany at least there were a lot of voices that already felt that the course of our goverment was too light . 
  generally there is not a lot of suport for greece by now anymore in the majority . 
  there are also quite some voices for helping greece ( leftist party , green party mostly ) , but from the population i think a lot of people would have liked to end the support of greece quite a while ago . 
  hey at least some good news , 
  yes this is what i am going for and what i have voted for since i was eligible for voting and i feel germany is in a pretty decent spot at the moment . 
  i may not agree with everything they do ( gay rights for example ) but overall i feel like they do a pretty decent job . 
  you could for example instead of ending negotiations keep negotiating and not worry so much about ideology and instead about the political reality . 
  the greek government wanted to make this about politics instead of about finance and now it is about politics, 
  i say that because it is my oppinion . 
  you may disagree with it , but it still is my oppinion . 
  i think syriza has piloted greece into a very bad spot by now, 
  at least that would make viagra sell very well in spain !, 
  well as it looks right now in a week from now syriza will either not be in power or the greek bank system will collapse because of the moves of syriza which seems like a pretty bad spot for greece . 
   voters have made it clear up and down europe that they 'd rather see the whole of europe go down in flames than bail out greece . 
  so whatever is done it has to look like greece caving and as i said `` any policy you want as long as it is called austerity '' . 
  that is not exactly true and gratefully politicians do n't exactly do what the voters say in parts like this but rely on people with expertise in these matters . 
  what the greek government does n't seem to understand is that you can not extort other countries like this especially not with someone that has more power than you . 
  syrize just essentially ruled out a solution that allows everyone to keep face which seems like a terrible mistake . 
  this is not even about if a solution is right or wrong i think the greek government just cornered themselves to a spot where either they will fall out of power or there will be a grexit because i feel they underestimate the willingness of the other ez countries to let greece out by now, 
  man this happend 18 month ago in ukraine and this is a pretty serious difference . 
  and we all know how it worked out for mr. yanukovych . 
  man does spain even have enough priests to fuck everyone in the ass weekly ? 
  how many people would a priest have to fuck in the ass weekly ? 
  yeah because voting leftists in power in greece worked out so well ? 
  a few millions wo n't change anything .
