  the german government never did this . 
  that came from brussels not from berlin . 
   while eastern europeans do seem to be more right and anti-refugee/immigration than western europe , it 's really not just them hating on germany right now . 
  they were the first one 's to go against the refugee policy dictated by germany , but now nearly everyone dislikes germany equally for this mess . 
  we did fuck up , they 're rightfully upset with our policies . 
  they could have also helped with a solution instead of just going `` not our problem '' all the time and just not providing any workable solutions . 
  it is also not germany that dictated any policy it is interantional law . 
  and yes here are quite a lot of anti german senitments in my experience . 
  germany also ca n't force policy down peoples throats, 
  and then became german in the 14th century up until it got annexed and polonized in the 20th century . 
  does it make a difference for what party i like if i am in the us or canada ? 
  well at least they are not german or workers party, 
   theres many ways to profit alot from the refugee accomodation and needed infrastructure . 
  there are a lot more sensible options you could invest that money into tho . 
  basically the german government wants to create a european solution , one that includes securing the outer borders and scanning everyone entering and then yes also relocating them ( or how should reception centres in the entry states work ) if they get approved . 
  germany and the netherlands were essentially the same countries up until the 15th century . 
  there is also no hard language lines there . 
  the local dialects were were a lot similar tha n waht is/was spoken in southern bavaria . 
  and i get tried of ee because all the people here being so heavily anti germany . 
  i also find the polish government especially extremely annoying . 
  i also feel here is a lot of really blunt racism going on , which i do n't like, 
  thats probably why billions of euros every year get poured into eastern european infrastructure . 
  that is why greece got bailed out with more than 100 billion euro . 
  also germany is n't having that much of a brain drain . 
  germans and dutch are essentially twins . 
  honestly i am getting more fed up with ee by the day , but this might be due to being a lot on this sub, 
   wwii showed us how much germans value treaties with other countries you know what ? 
  fuck you , 
  these arguments were literally the same when eastern europe got access to the eu . 
  and yes there is a pretty damn big fissure still between western and eastern europe . 
  just like all those pesky eastern europeans after they were admitted into the eu ? 
  well stories like this and stories of refugees raping people are the exception . 
  most refugees are not assholes, 
  when you do n't expect anyone to listen or puut it to the outside you will say some dumb things . 
  also we do n't know the context, 
  yeah i feel like that , but honestly it is not an issue you just see them walking around . 
  if russia attacks nato they will have to use nukes and yes russia still has a giant nuclear arsenal ( aswell as the largest fleet of tanks in the world ) and the means to deploy them . 
  if russia annexes part of a nato country that will trigger art 5 and that will trigger a war between russia and nato, 
  also nato is not obliged to act if a non nato member gets attacked . 
   until then , there is still sufficient outcry against nukes that any country who used them would be economically boycotted and shunned . 
  so really , they are almost useless now , and soon to be irrelevant . 
  we are talking total war in europe . 
  nukes will drop then . 
  economies will lie in shambles . 
   and this is where we disagree . 
  we need to project power , at least in our immediate neighborhood . 
  where do you want to project power and why ? 
  nobody is talking about abolishing the army . 
  also i doubt russia would attack the baltics . 
  that would trigger art 5 . 
  also yes the russians will be able to take territory if they decide to attack . 
  that was even sure when the border was still in germany and there were millions of soldiers on german territory . 
  yes but you do n't need a giant military for that , if the goal is to defend and not to project power . 
  also when it comes to a war nukes will drop and then even a big army wo n't help, 
   allies in the west are n't forthcoming anyway . 
  you would n't fight russia or turkey alongside us if push came to shove . 
  if art . 
  5 was invoked against russia everyone would come . 
   culturally self-destructive , non-militaristic ways . 
  peace and prosperity are not perpetual ; soft-power and sanctions ca n't solve all problems . 
  a small town mayor . 
  not a grand politician . 
  there also exist people that are just not trined how to interact with the media . 
  this is the mayor of a small town . 
  i do n't really see why this is n't removed for being local news . 
  because this is very much local news in my oppinion, 
  well he is a mayor of a small town . 
  they usually do n't have a training how to interact with the press . 
  they are mostly just ordinary people, 
  statistically the danger is next to nonexistant . 
  like useless anecdotes that are suppoed to function as anti-refugee propaganda like this post ? 
  it is basically the same . 
  the only difference really is that you see more brown people around now . 
  my goodness you are completely overblowing this . 
  for almost everyone the refugee crisis had no tangible impact on their everyday live, 
  so your solution would be war in europe ? 
  that seems like a terrible idea . 
  i also do n't see how ee distancing itself from its allies in the west is good for their security . 
  also would you really have preferred if germany had used force to push policies down peoples throats ? 
  yes so we can put the eu in deadlock . 
  that sounds promising !, 
   the east is not interested in your 2 speed europe concept . 
  the east is apparently only interested in europe as long as it benefits them , like when they get money . 
  i read your other comments and it feels quite delusional . 
  it is incredibly har d to stage a qmv vote against germany and france together . 
  it is impossible if another bigger eu state or a few smaller are together with germany and france . 
  the benelux , germany , france and austria together could block any qmv . 
  that said i think it would be a lot easier to create a real union if you split europe up simply because then yourelminiate a lot of the inequality . 
  austria is for the most part pulling extremely similar policied as germany . 
  also if push comes to shove austria will side with the west . 
  it is a a western country after all, 
  so you are against me wanting a union with all the countries of westernn europe and the same time you are very happ when a union of eastern european countries comes together ? 
  i think migrants is too broad a term . 
  i do n't have a problem with people coming here to work or to study if they can support themselves . 
  you can do it . 
  there even have been concepts around for more than half a year . 
  the idea of creating those hotspots is there , the idea to redistribute people is there . 
  the member states do n't want that . 
  a big problem is that you need a rather large chunk of cash and personel for that , but certainly not that much that the eu could n't handle it . 
  well you just have the problem that to set up hotspots u basicalyl also need a scheme to redistribute people or otherwise it would be madness to set up these hotspots for the countries their in .
