  also how do they plan stripping foreign companies of fishing rights not in german sovereign waters ? 
  and even than that is maybe one piece of the puzzle and solves pretty much nothing on its own . 
  she is not championining the image of being the paragon of the people though . 
  she is in fact very much the opposite . 
  the sentence is accurate wihtout that addition aswell ... 
  these overlap very much . 
  and saying that merkel tries to be primariy appealing to ordinary people is just not true in my oppinion . 
   populism is a political ideology that holds that virtuous citizens are mistreated by a small circle of elites , who can be overthrown if the people recognize the danger and work together . 
  populism depicts elites as trampling on the rights , values , and voice of the legitimate people that does not fit merkel at all . 
  this is taken from the wikipedia definition of populism . 
  this fits people like trump or the afd much better . 
  and where can i find that plan ? 
  so far i have only heard them parroting to not let any people into germany . 
  as far as i am aware they are also not planning to abolish asylum completely . 
  bavarian and not a csu voter ? 
  because they are only speaking out against immigration ? 
  and no they do n't do it nuanced . 
  because they are a one issue party at this point, 
  most germans also think of them as turks pretty much regardless what they do even if they lived their whole lives here and speak german as their native language, 
  you can not build appartements where there is no space . 
  you cant buis new housing in places that are already occupied ... 
  i think it is german . 
  german certainly is the most widely spoken native language in europe ( well in the eu , the most widely spoken native language otherwise would be russian probably ), 
  english is also just the language that is the most widely spoken/understood in europe . 
  i am not sure what the second most widey spoken language in europe is though . 
  my guess would be german but it could also be french . 
  why would share of the world population speaking the language matter for a european army ? 
  would the share of people in europe speaking the language not be more important ? 
  that it is going to be a legal nightmare and that there are far too different oppinions of what that army should be doing . 
  i am certainly not bored of germany . 
  it just does n't help to prolong grudges with france . 
  both germany and france are better off working together than harboring resentment . 
  yes i just wanted to correct that detail because that did not go through merkel . 
  that was most likely just a clerk at the bamf . 
  then what do people in the east think the eu is about ? 
  yes , i am aware , but again i had the impression that pretty much all of eastern europe was away when it came to giving instead of taking in cases like the greek crisis or the refugee crisis . 
  and how is that relevant ? 
  there are not sufficient unhcr camps anyways and people are already coming to our borders . 
  hungary was for a number the first country they registered in which makes them responsible . 
   according to local law , policeman can ask your id only if he has a not suspicion , but a reasonable suspicion you are actually breaking the law . 
  of course , he can made up a reason , if you are officially complaining , but obviously that would n't work as a general rule . 
  that 's interesting . 
  in germany the police does not need reasonable suspicion at all to ask you for an id , but again if there is reasonable suspicion that somebody might be illegaly in the country that should be sufficient in my mind . 
   deportation would be only back to eu member state , where he was resettled . 
  that is what i meant . 
  sorry if that was unclear . 
   and even in begging he will earn in a few months more , than those benefits he can get here ( note : 170 $ has two parts - 61 $ as a minimum possible benefits everyone has right to get and the rest only as a dwelling support - only if legally owning or using dwelling ) . 
  begging exposes you to a high risk though . 
  you can just have police officers patrol there and check for people 's ids . 
   of course . 
  but what i mean with this is , many of these people will eventually end up in germany or other richer country anyway to work or for benefits . 
  that is part of freedom of movement and i think not a major issue . 
  also at least in germany it is pretty hard to get naturalized as an asylum seeker . 
  the greek crisis is another example . 
  do n't forget who it was that was pushing for the hardest stances , that was not germany . 
   merkel announced that the dublin agreement no longer applies tonsyrians that 's factually not true . 
  this is the relevant statement a tweet from the bamf ( bundesamt f\u00fcr migration und fl\u00fcchtlinge ) : https://twitter.com/bamf_dialog/status/636138495468285952, 
  well that is what the eu is fundamentally about . 
  to integrate to be stronger together and to bury old grudges . 
  because as soon as it came to giving instead of only taking eastern europe was gone ? 
  and how do we decide where in europe they go ? 
  for this to work you need a redistribution system . 
  but eastern european states particularly has proven time and time again that they are not interested in such a sollution where some of the burden would fall upon them too, 
  how else should i word that statement . 
  i think that statement is fundamentally wrong . 
  i think the ball is rather in your court to tell why you think the eu has fundamentally flawed . 
  as for the east i think they should shut the fuck up and try working on something productive instead of bathing in endless populism and being against everything apart from getting money . 
  the east is in large part responsible for the eu not being able to control the refugee flow by blocking common solutions . 
   1 ) in many countries you need valid reason to check id if citizens - like when a policeman has strong suspicion that person is involved in a crime . 
  so if person keep low profile , even if having source of money from illegal activities , he would n't be noticed by authorities . 
  really ? 
  i am pretty certain that in any check with the police they can ask me for identification . 
  also the suspicion of people being in the country illegally should be a valid reason anyways . 
   benefits in some eu countries are so low , that any german welfare will be still higher . 
  we are talking about something near 170 $ / month ( council housing is almost non existent ) . 
  right , but no benefit and immediate deportation is less than even 170 $ . 
  the point is these people wo n't get benefits in germany then if they are assigned to another eu country  3 ) even if they stay , after some time they will get citizenship and can follow their fellow citizens to work in richer eu countries . 
  which again makes them ineligible for benefits ? 
  i mean that is just what freedom of movement means is n't it ? 
  the issue is this got pretty much shot down already because the states could not agree to a plan for redistribution , which in return meant that this hotspot program wo n't work because without redistribution it does not make any sense for the border states . 
   the whole of schengen and the eu has fundamentally failed . 
  i disagree . 
   nothing worked out . 
  it 's a chaos , a crisis , an existential threat . 
  i disagree too . 
  it certainly is chaotic , but it is mostly under control and certainly not an existential threat, 
  exactly . 
  it is quite funny how it seems to me like hungary is insisting on the dublin system when it means nobody gets to them and ignores it when it would mean hungary is to take people back . 
  absolutely you need deportation deals , but i think the problem here currently is that the eu does n't stand as one to pressure countries into accepting their denied applicants back . 
  quickly and honestly you ca n't tell me that the fucvking eu would not have enough powers to push states like the magreb into submission . 
  i also am not sure that blackmailing is the right way to look at it . 
  any agreement will also require us to give something in return . 
  we ca n't expect thse states to want ntothing in return if they shall act as we want unless we force them ( which we also could do ) , but that would open up a whole new can of worms . 
   they did , but it 's unlikely they 'll accept them back . 
  especially from germany . 
  so you agreee that the dublin system has fundamentally failed ? 
   it 's not a myth , you can find all about it . 
  you invited them , you said there 's no limit to the amount of people that can come , you said you can handle it , and you even have public welcome committees . 
  i geuss that depends how you look at it . 
  there certainly was never an invitation by the federal government issued , but there were statements you could have and that were interpreted as such .
