  if russia were for some reason were to attack without using nuclear weapons i doubt their goal would be to actually occupy germany just because that seems like a rather unrealistic goal of war , after all it is not the red army literally already being in germany any more . 
  it just seems so utterly irrationally risky to attack nato when there are so much easier targets , targets that you can still instill patriotic feeelings like ukraine or syria , but targets where you do n't risk getting russia devastated aswell . 
  well invading is russias part i guess ? 
  well it seems like there was too much public pressure to go without commenting entirely . 
  they most likely did n't want to have people saying they were intentionally trying to supress it to not shine a bad light on migrants . 
  seriously fuck people burning cars , fuck people trying to stifle discussion disinviting people from talkshows , but also fuck people laying fire to planned asylum shelters . 
  we should n't tolerate extremism . 
  it is fairly interesting you can draw a line from the apo ( extra parliamental opposition ) to the raf ( red army faction not the royal air force ) forming . 
  that time was one of the critical moments in the young republic . 
  yes , but a significant change like the uk pulling out of the eu might lead to these issues becoming hot again, 
  another big problem is that the countries are also too different in economic strength , that the fiscal policy best fit for germany might be a horrible fit for greece . 
  yes these were introduced in 1968 and they were majorly controversial at the time ( note that the federal republic already existed for 19 years ) . 
  these are very specific tho to ensure that the german state would be able to remain able to act . 
  the big issue is that these kind of laws were major problems in the weimar republic effectively supplanting the normal government if you want to read up on the topic of the 1968 laws : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_emergency_acts, 
  i am just tired of the notion that germany does n't spend on its military . 
  well there is one problem : the constitution of germany forbits deploying the military within germany without big need for help and in genearl border control does n't fall under this . 
  and if the military were to deploy in the case of civil unrest you 'd have giant problems . 
  you can not do that under the german constitution . 
  i also do n't know what you mean by migration in that term , i do n't see how the bundeswehr there is relevant . 
  the bundeswehr certainly can not be used to shut down civil unrest and almost surely not to patrol the border . 
  edit : basically the bundeswehr can only be used to help with humanitarian tasks within germany or in case of a natural catastrophy, 
  germany still spends the thirdmost on military in the eu , the fourthmost in europe and the 8th most worldwide on military, 
  germany also had conscripution until 2011 . 
  well without accounting for inflation ( ! ), 
  the budget of the military of defense today is about 1.21 times the budget the federal republic of germany meanwhile the gdp today is around 2.68 times as much as it was in 1989 . 
  germany spent a lot on defense when there was an actual threat and the military back than was n't popular . 
  now what happens if the threat evaporates and the people do n't like the military ? 
  well expenditures get cut . 
  just that the past governments did n't stop cutting at the military , after all it is a very easy target . 
  and for what reason ? 
  no actually most people just do n't see a threat and the military was unpopular even during the cold war . 
  after it ended the military got cut and then when the government needed to cut expenditures the military was an eassy target . 
  it is not popular with german voters . 
  well at any time when the government had to cut expenditures after 1990 it got cut at the military . 
  the military really is not popular in germany . 
  well they investigate which can lead to new stuff surfacing, 
  it is n't , but it factually is a russian territory right now . 
  you do n't hear about it because the jugendschutzgesetz ( youth protection law ) prevents the police from issueing normal statements about it . 
  this is not about covering stuff up but rathera bout protecting the victim, 
  this is not confirmed tho . 
  the police also states that the girl told four different versions of what happened . 
  the police is also obligated to not issue further statements due to youth protection laws . 
  it is the norm that the police does n't issue public statements in cases like that to protect the victim . 
  if russia invades germany there will be no need to kill yourself !, 
  massive thermonuclear war will take care of that !, 
  i never claimed so . 
  i just said that it factually is russian territory . 
  no it does n't give them the right of course . 
  it does n't change that it factually is russian territory now . 
  what do you mean by `` they offered to share , not disarm though '' ? 
  well that was the idea to process them on arrival and deport those that do n't qualify and distribute the rest across the eu and if you do n't distribute them i ca n't fault italy and greece not wanting to have the responsibility for everyone . 
  germany can of curse exert some political pressure , but it ca n't force other countries to cooperate as you can nicely see in the current refugee crisis . 
  that said if germany and france work together on a matter it is fairly likely that they can gather a qmv, 
  that seem very unlikely . 
  also a theory i never heard before to be honest , but i would also guess that it is harder to get the proper permission to hold protest marches like that in russia going openly against the government policy . 
  yes , but at times you have to adapt policies to reality . 
  well then this is a war between european countries . 
  russia is also a european country with 85 % of its population living in the european part of the country . 
  france offered germany nuclear weapons . 
  which would also give reasons to war . 
  a comon foe can hold together a country and an impending collapse could make a ruler desperate, 
  it factually is russian territory . 
  it is inhabitated mostly by ethnic russia . 
  you want to send the polish army for that ? 
  you want polish soldiers dying protecting such a camp ? 
  in german : januar ( in austrian gereman : j\u00e4nner ) februar m\u00e4rz april mai juni juli august september oktober november dezember, 
  where did i mention that ending the war is something that can be done quickly ? 
  it is something you have to work at . 
   also , given theproportions , the main problem seems to be war at somali , erytrea , marocco , afghanistan and balcans . 
  maybe ending that will help . 
  and merkel has said that those without reason to asylum will have to be deported ( tho i would exclude eritrea from that list , that state is in a really shit state , just recently in the press freedom index it ranked behind north korea )  also , how on earth would anyone be that stupid to believe that migrants investing much in getting to rich germany will gladly move to poorer countries with lower benefits , job opportunities and life quality - and stan stay there politely in the world of open border just because they were asked to ? 
  you 'd have to use force not only to move them , but also to keep them from coming back to germany . 
  tie any benefits to residence . 
  if they leave send them back . 
  a minor part that would have to hold half of the syrian population ? 
  also wo defends it when assad or isis were to start attacking the camp ? 
  whose soldiers shall die for that ? 
  and which military do you want to use for that ? 
  who pays for building up safezones who for guardign them ? 
  if you set that zone up it would need to be for millions of people . 
  there is a plan behind this , it is not even a secret one just that it probably is a bit too grandiose a bit too much of an ever closer union . 
  the idea was to set up these hotspots to distribute people across europe to soften the blow on any single country ( hence you also allow people to travel from hungary to germany , tho this was certainly done in a too euphoric way creating the picture that germany actually wants refugees ) and also that you have one focussed place where it can be assesed if people have the right to asylum or not and if they do n't they can be sent back a lot easier if they are in registration centers at the borders . 
  parallel to this you are working on deals with turkey and the north african states to reduce the influx of people coming to europe , which is currently happening . 
  in addition to that you try to work towards a solution for the syrian civil war so that the people coming here can go back to their homes . 
  the german foreign minister was for a while constantly travelling back and forth between saudi-arabia and iran to work towards those countries working together to solve the syrian civil war . 
  now because nobody knows exactly how long it will take until the syrian civil war wears out you also have to work on how to integrate those people into germany so that they do n't end up in ghetto like structures , also increasing criminality . 
  the thing is this is a complex plan and one that takes time . 
  the problem here is that the redistribution system ca n't be set up without the other european countries cooperating . 
  i think the plan in essence is a good one if you were to fully implement it , but it seems to be failing with too much of the eu looking for very nationalistic policies . 
  if you listened to what she is saying the rhetorics has already changed heavily . 
  that said i think the fatal flaw in her plan was that she assumed that the rest of the eu would see it as primary european problem aswell which they clearly do n't . 
  that the other states would try to come up with a common solution , with the goal to reach consent , rather than to hold on nationalistic values . 
  the entire policy of the german government makes sense in my oppinion if the goal is to reach a common european solution to the refugee crisis and if you assume that the other states also want that . 
  it is reasonable if your goal is to have a stable european union , then you would want to avoid a humanitarian crisis in hungary or greece by letting people travel to germany . 
  syrians get asylum in the vast majority of cases anyways and the bgh has forbidden depportations to greece anyways so for the sake of speeding the process up you suspend the dublin deportations that wo n't happen anyways and that you could only deport to coutnries that basically can not what they are getting at that point anyways . 
  that would indeed be nice , but i do n't see too many european politicians stop insisting on purely national viewpoints . 
  enforcing the law would basically mean that everyone gets stuck in either greece , slovenia or hungary . 
  i do n't think i have to explain why tha twould lead to a massive humanitarian crisis . 
  so the solution is to fuck greece really really hard ? 
   ( 4 ) nuke isis that will surely make islamist terrorism go away !,
