  i just really dont like the notion that christians are intrinsically better than muslims, 
  yes they used firearms in the thirty years war . 
  they also killed orders of magnitude more ppl, 
  look up the thirty years war . 
  thatcertainly was a religious war, 
  christians blew up orders of magnitudes more in europe , killied irders of magnitudes more people, 
  you cant simply change the heritage of people because you want to . 
  in the us it is germans , then african american , then irish, 
  how can pne disagreewith a fact ? 
  of you dont believe it google it ... 
  the most common heritage in the us is german ... 
  yeah part . 
  mostgermans have their lineage full of people in the hre while a lot of americans are not native americans ... 
  where their descendants are ? 
  uhm just about everywhere ... 
  holy roman empire of german nation was the title . 
  they alwayshad german emperors . 
  yeah but you made a good job at reducing them, 
  the netherlands were part of the hreaswell for a time as wasa large chunk of italy, 
  much like the difference between germans and austrians i would guess, 
  like afederal state maybe ? 
  is t the problem identifying these people though ? 
  and how are we defeating them ? 
  you cant defeat a terrorist organizations with bombers because killing civilians will just generate new terrorists, 
  no you dont renounce german citizenship like that . 
  there is a special treaty in place iirc, 
  that 1890 map just is not amap of europe in 1890 ... 
  the french foreign legion is an exception from that though, 
  wasnt drumpf exactly suposed to be a joke ? 
  you probably have n't read the bible ? 
  so who is willing to wage that kind of war deploy the numbers of soldiers necessary to occupy ? 
  you shouldnt mix up causation and correlation though . 
  crime is more p in poor people and turks in germany tend to be poorer, 
  the luck of the draw i would guess . 
  and what are we supposed to do ? 
  turn the middle east into giant parking lots ? 
  there already is a lot of work being done on the a3 in the area currently, 
  if the us doesnt want bases in germany they are free to withdraw\u00df why should germany pay for these bases ? 
  did we have a say when they got created ? 
  luxemburg is only a tiny bit larger than vestfold in norway . 
  it is very much feasible to go over a border in a rather timely fashion from any point in luxemburg, 
  for luxembourg ? 
  depends to where you want to go and where do you define the middle of the country , between half an hour and an hour . 
  honestly would n't it be significantly cheaper to live across one of the borders ? 
  you had the very same thing with the raf, 
  indeed but i think it would be unfair to deny that austria also took a lot of people in, 
   what other country in europe can claim to have even considered doing the same ? 
  austria and sweden probably . 
  if merkel can dictate eu policy as easily as national policy how comes the german solution is not getting implemented ? 
  is n't that the thing that that is not breaking international or eu law ? 
  also i may not like erdogan but he still is in power in turkey and we have to deal with him . 
  no her popularity did n't go through the roof at that point it already was . 
  merkel already was sitting solidly at 65-70 % approval before the refugee crisis started . 
   people said she would get the nobel peace price for this and everybody put her on a pedestral and denounced the evil balkan and ee countries as nazis . 
  that is an extreme overstatement , but yes people were critizing the conditions in hungary and denouncing putting people on busses not telling them where they go . 
   thats why merkel did it : to boost her popularity . 
  if that was the goal it seems incredibly risky . 
  it seems a lot safer to try her hardest to keep the problem out of germany if that is the goal . 
   thats also why she has been changing her opinion and reversed some of her decisions : because public opinion turned around . 
  i agree on that , also that the european solution is not working at all . 
   merkel didnt give a shit about greece , merkel didnt give a shit about the refugees . 
  she cares about her own popularity and she acts accordingly . 
  if merkel does n't give a shit about greece why would she object closing the borders in macedonia ? 
  taking in refugees from hungary or the greek bailouts , also you could look at the current interest rate by the ecb also going against german interest , but you could of course argue that the ecb is independent anyways, 
  a europe not paying respect to the rights that it has laid foundation to is also no europe . 
  do you really think that if merkel was not thinking beyond germany we 'd have this issue ? 
  if merkel was n't thinking beyond germany we 'd have never taken in people from hungary . 
  there would have been no bailouts for greece . 
  if she was thinking just bout germany the solution is to just close the border wherever necessary and just not giving a fuck about human rights of refugees or about the situation in greece . 
  kolere as in cholera ? 
  who would want to do damage control here ? 
  it is mostly annoying having to clear up these minconceptions so often . 
  thanks for actually writing this up !, 
  the line for the european union is the european continent and that measn you get turkey and russia ( and possibly kazakhstan ) as the outer bounds . 
  there already have been two bans of parties in germany . 
  the srp in 1952 and the kpd in 1956 got banned . 
  italy is a founding member and one of the big four in the eu . 
  italy has been at the core of the european project since the start of it . 
  so then by this is ptsd or depression not harm ? 
  because it was the polish state that took the possesions of germans and erased german culture . 
  and no i do n't think that , but i just do n't like that german victims are never talked about and are somehow seen as unimportant, 
  that 's why states do n't recognize northern cyprus but stll we ca n't change the fact that factually a state exists on that territory, 
  and that 's good . 
  i hope that one day the polish state will recognize it as such . 
  half the eu states have less people than the number of people expulsed from poland . 
  maybe it just also strikes me as so different because the german crimes during that era are treated so differently . 
  it just pains me how the misfortune of my countrymen is seen as so irrelevant . 
  i just asked around a bit in my circle of friends and around half had grandparents that were forced to flee/expulsed during that time . 
  i also just feel that a lot of people do n't see the scale of these events . 
  i ca n't recognize states at least not in a way that it matters in any way . 
  i am not that important . 
  that said factually a state exists in northern cyprus in my oppinion just as factually crimea is russian regardless if we think that is right or accept it under international law, 
  it seems like this is the kind of territory where it would be up to perception . 
  what marks of a state does north cyprus not hit ? 
  note that in germany you 'd get smith as rank 1 aswell , just that there are quite a few ways to write it ( schmidt , schmitt for example ) so that m\u00fcller is number 1 . 
  then if we establish german aggression as wrong is n't it wrong to reciprocate in kind ? 
  honestly it does n't matter for today . 
  the thing that pisses me of the most is that it is seen as right and just for poland to take these lands even if it was done through theft and ethnic cleaning and subsequent demoliton of german culture in these cities . 
  i guess what really pisses me off that it is not seen as wrong , as a crime against humanity that it was in my oppinion . 
  just as western poland was made polish ?
