  in the end the ultimate goal always is to have a solution that everyone can work with . 
  also yes some states dominate eu policy making , but that is because the founding six are very good at rallying majorities behind them . 
  much better than the uk has been . 
  they also just generally agree in which direction the eu has been headed . 
   i 've been there several times , i know . 
  but a big part of europe is different . 
  i just brought it up again because you mentioned german cetnralism . 
   when we move to a federation , i agree . 
  but we are not yet a federation , and we have work to be done to archive it . 
  i know , but i think one of the tenants of such a federation needs to be that votes for parliament count equally in my oppinion . 
  i think people will be grouped along party lines rather than along nation lines rather quiickly anyways, 
  it does n't really matter though , the damage is already done and as far as the eu is concerned the uk is out i think . 
   it is possible that those voted brexit on purpose are not just ignorant voters . 
  they might have actually had a reason for it , as much as nobody wants to hear it . 
  i do not think people deny that they had reasons . 
  i and i think many others aswell just think that that reasoning was not sound at all . 
  people made this referendum about all sorts of things that it is not about and i have the feeling that a lot of people did not contemplate the rather significant changes enough . 
   in fact , the arrogance shown in the media and this sub is pretty astounding . 
  nobody ever thought that these might be the people left behind in english society -- the ones whose regions lack meaningful work , have dim prospects , whose people live on benefits and are marginalised , and whom the ` amazing ' machine of capitalism has forgotten . 
  yes , but then the rational person in me would think that these are the people that profit amongst the most from being part of the eu , being it through living in areas that are receiving structural funds from the eu or the eu heavily lobbying for work laws that favour these kinds of peopl . 
  things like mandated work vacation that blair eventually gave up the opt out to . 
  they are effectively empowering a government that has shown no intention to look after these kinds of people that in fact has repeatedly stripped money out of the social systems . 
   particularly , the eu referendum is a symbolic revolt against the powers of the status quo , even where it has racist overtones and essentially blames the big ` other ' . 
  i see that , but i do not think that the consequences are good for the uk or even the people voting leave . 
   nobody seems to understand that life in plenty of places in the uk was not rosy , and the inability of the power structures and institutions to rectify this inequality created the space for this leave vote to grow . 
  i absolutely do understand that , but i fail to see why these people expect a tory government to fix this after a brexit considering that the eu is pumping money into these areas . 
  do these people think the tories will put even more money there ? 
   if the eu could solve its own fiscal problems , and the uk government whom is representative of the eu at a national level had a meaningful vision to reform society , there would not have ever been a brexit in the first place . 
  this seems like the fundamental contradiction i seem to observe in a lot of opponents of the eu . 
  people demand the eu fix problems that the eu does not have the power to fix , but also want their power back because brussels clearly ca n't use it . 
  i see that the uk national government not having a vision is a giant problem . 
  in general the entire political landscape in the uk looks rather dire to me . 
  i also do not want to blame the voters , to me personally it feels like a lot of them did not know better . 
  in part , yes most likely . 
  people being fed up with the establishment running germany in the ground certainly was one of the big reasons for hitlers rise to power . 
  you also in general had the issue that by the end parties that were against democracy had a majority in parliament, 
  yes , but one of the most basic conceptsd of the eu has been subsidiarity and i think that we do not need a centralized eu , also again germany is not a centralized country at all . 
  i think a federal eu could work in a similar way that a federal germany worked . 
  there were also a whole bunch of smaller states in it when the country was founded ( and germany pretty much exactly was a whole bunch of smaller states uniting ) . 
  i do not think that you need to transfer everything to a central europeaan government , i do not think you even can do that . 
  you just have different sections within the eu , different states with different needs . 
  see bavaria still holds onto its special status from back when germany was founded . 
  i do n't want to dissolve small states and making sure that these are looked after has to be one of the central goals of a federal government , but still i think for matters that are a matter for everyone like taxation , which would be better if harmonized in my oppinion everyone should have the same say . 
  these local issues should be an issue of regional governments though , there is no reason these should not exist . 
  the central government is supposed to be for everyone and every vote should have the same weight to it . 
  a parliament where every vote counts the same does not mean centralisation at all . 
  here in germany every vote counts the same for parliamental elections and germany is definitely not a centralized state . 
   well , that would be good of course . 
  albeit if people knew how the eu actually works does not mean that then they would love it more , could be the opposite even . 
   you can see a tendency that those better educated , that you can presume that they know how the eu works , like the eu more . 
  you could very clearly see that during the vote in the uk . 
  for example take the cucumber regulation in the eu , that always was this example of over regulation . 
  that was something businesses wanted , that was something business were against when it was abolished because it was actually useful to have because people do n't buy ugly cucumbers and if you know how curved they are you know how many will fit in a box . 
  in fact it is still applied today . 
   yet what i see as far more important is that the eu would respect the subsidiarity as one of its general principles . 
  the basic principle that political issues should be dealt with at the local level where their effects are felt often seems abandoned by the micromanaging brussels . 
  and people tend to really hate that . 
  i agree that the eu should respect subsidiarity , but i also think that we see very well at points like the migrant crisis how national governments utterly fail at handling it . 
  also i would ask you for an example of what you perceive as micro managing . 
  there probably is some , but i do not think there is too much . 
  most of the regulations coming from brussels actually make sense . 
  for example do we not like that all of our cell phones use the same micro usb chargers ? 
  but do we not have the upper chamber where every country is represented equally regardless of population ? 
  is it really right to have a parliament where some people are more equal than others ? 
   why because you say so ? 
  based on what ? 
  i know eu is working for germany - getting educated europoors , and keeping your currency lower for exporting . 
   it is pretty funny that one of the big concerns of germans what that we lose our strong dmark when joining the euro . 
  and your average joe only feels the impact of the weak euro making stuff more expensive . 
  keep in mind the euro is not a german idea , in fact germany was blackmailed into the euro . 
  i really hope so . 
  i also really hope that the french government will step up again , so that it can be france and germany again and not just germany . 
  well the weimar republic succumbed to the will of the people . 
  you link to articles with headlines like this :  german esmt study : 5 % of bailout money went to greece 's state & people , 95 % went to european banks you know that this is the fucking point of a bailout ? 
  to make it so the entity you bail out can pay back loans ? 
  yes the greek state and the eu should have admitted it is bankrupt long ago . 
  but that would have meant that the eu can not loan more money , that also would have meant that greece would most likely have had to leave the ez . 
  that is the disaster scenario everyone is trying to avoid . 
  i do n't know if you know this , but last summer we literrally had the red cross made ready to provide humanitarian aid in greece should the negotiations with greece fail . 
  and if we have to send the red cross in a western country on a humanitarian mission , that is not caused by some natural disaster , something is dead wrong . 
  some people are just extremely good at picking up languages, 
  right , but the uk made that pretty hard . 
  it kinda pisses me off though that a vote from a guy from luxembourg for example has 10 times more weight than my own . 
  as far as i am aware our government is talking about this . 
  i do think we should strive for a closer integration though , i honestly wish our government would put ee before the decision of facing losing eu money or partaking in the further integration . 
  oh and i also wish that for the eu parliament all votes were actually weighed equally , but i guess that wo n't happen . 
  it still can not do much of anything if the original 6 agree within the union . 
  this article illustrates so nicely why it was a bad idea to expand the union onto states that have so obviously divergent goals with the union . 
  also if those smaller states do not like where the eu is headed they can leave if they can not rally enough allies to push for a different direction . 
  they dispose about 5000 undetonated bombs anually, 
  which is why dehumanizung the enemy is so important or killing from a range where you cant see the damage, 
  you are right . 
  if this were to happen again there is a good chance europe as whole would be a red zone, 
  it says in the authors oppinion the brits basically voted out merkel aswell and that she should take an ecample of cameron . 
  still this is clearly marked as an oppinion piece, 
  you even link to the original article while blatantly misstranslating the title and putting the article out of context ? 
  firstly the linked article on `` die welt '' is an oppinion piece , by a man that wrote similar pieces in the past . 
  it is also a blatant misstranslation . 
  the real title reads `` the brits have also voted against merkel 's solo actions '', 
  my goodness if this is true this would be complete madness .
