  i personally do not think that inequality and poverty are the big issues , but more terrorism and the resolution of the refugee situation . 
  it is true that there are unfilled spots for apprenticeships though . 
  and excluding those not actively looking for work is only sensible and as such you have to exclude people doing a social year , simply because that means they ca n't start an apprenticeship . 
  not in all countries . 
  there wont be a referendum in germany for example, 
  tell that to the ecb . 
  the ecb does not care for germany . 
  look at the refugee crisis . 
  neither of these germany is getting support from the eu, 
  i dont want to , but i am also vehemently against absolving a corporation of the responsibility for its service simply because it grew so large that that is hard and maybe not economic . 
  it really is always a tossup with names like gaming , petting , kissing or fucking if it is in austria or germany . 
  the different suffixes that are used for german city names do n't stop at the border, 
  yep definitely peking !, 
  but if facebook did that , they would face public controversy and potentially people leaving the site . 
  it is in facebooks self interest to do this properly . 
  if one company decides to be overly draconic people will simply move on . 
  i think it is wrong though to absolve facebook from moderating their platform because they grew it so large that that is a herculean task . 
  you could also enshrine a right to appeal removals as he describes on yt . 
  now of course this is very lopsided in favour of fox and that should change , but in principle i do n't think the idea that fox can get yt to take down videos is wrong . 
  because the broad principle does n't matter one bit for this discussion . 
  it is completely irrelevant to the law in question because it is not law in germany . 
  and where do you get the number of judges required to go through these cases ? 
  and why should facebook not be held responsible for not removing illegal content ? 
  if you find that someone is say building a bomb on your property and you are just ignoring it you are also liable . 
  just because you have a huge space to overlook does not free you from the obligation to overlook that space . 
  if you own hundreds of hectars of forest and someone alerts you that there is something illegal going on you are also responsible for removing that or at least alerting the authorities if you cant do it yourself . 
  if there was someone in your forest in dry summer smoking a cigarette , then throwing it and you noticed that do you think it would also be appropriate that you wait to do something until a court decides that is actually illegal to just throw away a cigarette in a dry forest ? 
  do you wait until the forest burns to take action ? 
  well then the government should just impose hefty fines on facebook if they are found hosting illegal content . 
  if it is not viable for facebook to comply with german law then facebook should maybe look to operate only where it can comply with the law and cease their operations in germany . 
  right now all we got is empty promises from facebook , promises not honoured repeatedly . 
  how can facebook just ignoring german law be accepted ? 
  should we treat them more favourably because they are a large multinational ? 
  freedom of speech is not even a right in germany . 
  we have right of oppinion . 
  enshrined in the basic law here : https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_gg/englisch_gg.html#p0036  ( 2 ) these rights shall find their limits in the provisions of general laws , in provisions for the protection of young persons , and in the right to personal honour . 
  this right here is the most important part . 
  you can limit freedom of oppinion where it goes against personal honour which includes for example slander or defamation . 
  in germany german law shall apply not american law . 
  then how do you propose we fund the police doing all that work for facebook ? 
  oh and will facebook share its source code with german police so they can enforce law on facebook ? 
  also german law surely does apply in germany and facebook is operating in germany . 
  that is more a choice of translation in my oppinion . 
  the original german text seems to almost entirely go against trump . 
  it is highly doubtful that clinton or obama would make blunders like trump all the time, 
  that is fairly recently and also dont forget the global financial crisis, 
  that requirement was on , y introduced fairly recently , not when we joined nato, 
  2024 is still 7 years im the future and that is also not part of the nato treaty . 
  well trump really does not seem to get what nato is about . 
  nato is about defense against foreign nations , not about terrorism, 
  just that nobody wants nuclear war . 
  not the russians and not nato . 
  we will see nukes used in a war only if one side is close to losing said war . 
  there is only so much gas countries like norway or the netherlands are selling though . 
  you ca n't really compare russia annexing eastern europe to germany annexing austria . 
  germany annexing austria was much more akin to the russian annexation of crimea . 
  it is not like the austrian public was exactly against being part of germany . 
  it was not even 20 years after austria was forbidden to join germany despite overwhelming support of the population . 
  ukraine to a lot of people is not exactly close though . 
  we also saw russian intervention in syria and european intervention in lybia . 
  i also think that turkey is moving more away from nato than anything , though ultimately that is the same as moving more towards russia . 
  well danzig is no longer german , it was annexed by poland in the aftermath of ww2 and cleansed of germans . 
  anyways the sentiments are bound to change quite quickly if such a situation were to become reality and also it is unlikely that unless we get like a rrg government our government would not honour nato pledges and even a rrg government i would trust to honour these pledges, 
  yes that sentence would be perfectly correct german if you replaced aber with doch , though i would say more common to have aber there . 
  i do n't know swedish so i do n't know what dock in swedish entails exactly . 
  my dictionary certainly gives doch as german translation for swedish dock . 
  the issue with translating doch into english is that the english language simply does not have a direct counterpart to that word . 
  the most common way you will encounter doch here is probably something along the lines of `` yes , this is true . 
  no it is n't . 
  yes it is '' , where the yes it is part would be conveyed with doch in german . 
  now what makes this tough is that doch is also a lose filler word , especially in colloquial german . 
  the country codes for germany ( deutschland ) , austria and switzerland , one way to abbreviate the german speaking parts of the world . 
  also the german word for roof . 
  there are not many gypsies in germany these days because most of them died during the holocaust . 
  the reason greece ca n't implement its own fiscal policy is that greece does not have access to the financial markets to finance its own fiscal policy . 
  i agree that it would be heavily preferable if greece could handle it on its own , but defaulting wo n't help that, 
  how does that solve any issues ? 
  it would cut off the greek state of the capital markets in the long term . 
  it would destroy even more trust . 
  and the debt does n't go away . 
  the eu ca n't keep greece from defaulting . 
  that wo n't solve anything though . 
  i am not saying that this is true at all . 
  i am just saying that a lot of people wo n't really make a difference, 
  well i guess the difference is that one happened more than 70 years ago and the other is happening right now . 
  also i was not aware that germany and italy get conflated as much as the balkan, 
  because romanians got themselves that reputation . 
  also i would think that for a large chunk of people there is not that big of a difference between romania and croatia anyways . 
  both ee/balkans, 
  european unity also is what brought these people in the first place . 
  this pan european crime scheme needs european unity . 
  because romanians got themselves a reputation as criminals and thieves , in good part because romanians are overrepresented in crime in germany . 
  i really hope sch\u00e4uble stays with us as minister of finance for at least another 4 years . 
  that is hardly a party issue . 
  the spd should also not forget that it is in government too . 
  seeing the statistics for voting by age group, 
  it is almost like this was / r/europe, 
  in general you can expect 16 year olds to vote for left leaning parties . 
  that is why it is always the left leaning parties that want to reduce voting age . 
  and dutch and german basically split of the same language,
