   not at what i meant . 
  a real union means completely free trade within the union and complete equivalence . 
  i do n't think the german people think they are equivalent to other nations in the eu , rather superior . 
  so then germany is not a real union ? 
  the uk is not a real union either ? 
   i , too , wonder what the future will hold . 
  i think germany is closing its eyes and hoping it will all work out but really when i talk to people here it feels like there might be problems on the horizon . 
  i think europe just has to be careful that it is not the german people that are getting more and more fed up next demanding more and more from them  germany still considered its own byzantine system superior to the one used in most of the world despite all the other major economies just getting on with it . 
  germany is n't going to deregulate its labour market by changing its education system . 
  but the rest of europe is n't going to implement the german system either . 
  thus there will always be imbalance and proper unification wo n't be possible . 
  you do n't need all to have the perfectly same system . 
  also i would not say that the german is that complex . 
  the only thing it really adds is apprenticeships . 
   i understand that . 
  but i think you 're being naive by seeing that such a policy creates a lot of easy labour for businesses , and this easy labour reduces their need to under germany 's admittedly good system of labour laws , but what 's their value if they are n't applied universally and skirted by work programmes and contracts that prey on precisely those people who ca n't afford to say no . 
  what labour laws are not applied with minijobs ? 
  it is just different laws that are applied because not every job has the same needs . 
  minijobs are also not designed to prey on unemployed , they are there because not every job needs a full job and not every person wants a full job . 
  mini jobs never were intended to be livable on alone though . 
   oh come on now . 
  nothing happens by accident you know . 
  it might not have been the plan when they first came to exist but the subsequent laws have been based around them . 
  last year the law was changed to ensure that eu migrants would take mini-jobs after a certain period of unemployment . 
  i disagree that nothing happens on accident , but that does n't really matter anyways . 
   so the world is n't fair so we should n't seek to make it so ? 
  and yes , a german nurse ( or british nurse for that matter ) , could work in the us . 
  it 's not as simple as turning up and starting work but it 's a feasible process of examinations that allows it to happen . 
  also , the us and germany are n't in a political union with on another , but germany and hungary are . 
  right and you could also get your hungarian qualifications translated to german qualifications where possible . 
  i also do think nursing in particular is very difficult because in germany that is an apprenticeship , while in the us and uk as far as i am aware is something people go to college for  qualifications do n't translate but arguably within a fair political union they must . 
  german people will never accept this because they 're so attached the superiority of their own system ( see the bologna system for an example of how germany fought tooth and nail to adopting the most common educational system found in the world over its own relatively different system ) . 
  well germany will fight tooth and nail if somebody wants to take away apprenticeships . 
  other countries are free to incorporate a similar system though . 
  i also do n't know of any different system that works better than the apprenticeship system we have in germany . 
  also for bologna i think a good chunk of people still are not convinced that this was particularly useful to have the new system . 
   a trial need n't cost more than it would cost to hire and intern for a few weeks . 
  it 's really not that hard to evaluate someone 's work , any manger should be able to do that while balancing their normal schedule . 
  this is how it would work if you joined a supermarket in most countries and it 's not expensive . 
  right and that is what will likely happen regardless . 
  still it is easier to evaulate based on certification . 
  these are also just commonplace in germany . 
   this is where the problem lies though . 
  i see a massive conflict in germany 's future at some point between the desire to global , create an ever closer union , the need for free trade , and also the aspect of german society and culture that is deeply protectionist ( only compounded by the prejudice some germans hold which is that german standards are higher than the rest of the world ) . 
  there are some spots we will have to compromise on , others will be extremely hard to take away and one of these things is the apprenticeship system . 
  that just works too well to get rid off . 
  this is also not about protectionism this is about keeping german education standards as high as they are . 
   germany is profiting from the eu , however due to protectionism and also the prevailing logic of fiscal conservatism it means that money tends to flow in more than it flows out . 
  germany is happy to sell its cars in romania and romanians are happy to buy them , but when the average german goes to the supermarket he does n't even really want to buy vegetables grown in a different bundesland never mind buy romania spargel or whatever . 
  fiscal conservatism means germany profits from exporting to other eu countries , but that money does n't as readily leave germany as it would from another economy , much rather it gets bogged down in risk management funds and other protections that do their utmost to avoid accruing the german kryponite ... debt . 
  germans buy vegetables from wherever . 
  sure some people prefer buying locally grown but a huge part of society does not . 
  that there is more money flowing in than out also has in large parts to do with the monetary policy of the ecb artificially keeping the euro weak . 
  fiscal conservatism also has nothing really to do with germany not importing more . 
  it has much more to do with germany trying to get back to the limits set in the maastricht treaties . 
  right now people are also saving more because there is nothing good to invest on anyways and when yields are low you need to save more money to have the same sum in the end . 
  also looking more broadly the future does n't seem so bright . 
  the next crisis could be coming soon . 
  we are already seeingthe german housing market going up dangerously . 
   the thing is in a real union there needs to be parity . 
  if other countries are going to buy their cars you 'll need to buy stuff they make from there . 
  if germany continues to be obsessed with the `` made in germany '' label there will problems later on when other countries do n't share in germany 's economic success . 
  in a real union you also just ca n't expect the other people in your union to pay up for your own mistakes . 
  a real union can not mean germany is just paying for everything which i feel a lot of people are saying oftentimes when they are talking about a `` real '' union . 
   i doubt the british people would 've ever accepted system more similar to germany 's as fair . 
  employers do n't like be told who to employ , and people do n't like thinking every does n't get their chance to show their ability due to lack of bureaucratic stamps or papers . 
  uhm that was not the measures i was referring to . 
  i was referring to the restrictions on freedom of movement on eastern europeans after they joined , which the uk did n't take advantage off . 
  also for most jobs you could also employ other people . 
  i also do n't see why you think apprenticeshipse mean that not everyone gets their chance to show their ability . 
   from a long term and purely impersonal perspective it might be good that britain is out , as now britain can go about building a society that reflects its own standards and politics , and the eu can become more streamlined resolving these inner paradoxes like the one i mentioned above . 
  i 'm sad , because i wanted our union to work , but maybe it was doomed from the off . 
  i do n't know if it was good or bad . 
  i think britain was too insistent on its many opt outs . 
  that said i do n't feel like the eu 's future is necessarily bright anymore . 
  too much conflict . 
  the eu also has lost a rather large part of good will with the german population in the last two or three years i feel like . 
  is n't the median exactly trying to exclude the high bumps from the very top because you want to look at the what the average citizen has and not what the average income is ? 
  as a single person ? 
  not without making a lot of seriously bad decisions or being pretty bad with money . 
  you have to almost entirely eracdicate in come differences to eliminate relative poverty . 
  you have to make it so that the very high earners earn maybe double of ha the loweste eranrers earn . 
  yes i know the definition of relative poverty . 
  for this discussion the top strata are also pretty much irrelevant as these get mostly removed by looking at the median income . 
  what it would require is to reduce the income of the median group while simultaneously raising benefits for those at the low end . 
  i also disagree that it is possible for any captialistic society to fully eradicate relative poverty , to completely level income differences, 
   please read what i said again . 
  above 450 you would lose your non-liability . 
  you seem to be missing a lot of what i 'm saying , no offence . 
  yes i am sorry , i lost the context there !, 
  still for students it is a different beast because you already have health insurance . 
  i am for example still running under my parents health insurance . 
   so you think people should be made to simply put to work ( at the benefit of big business i 'll add ) simply because they 're claiming benefits . 
  seems unfair to me , the very point of benefits is to support people unable to get a good job , using them as cheap labour for business is shady af . 
  if you exist on making them work on moral grounds why not have them do charity work and or even fulfil some kind of paid civil service ( e.g litter cleaning ) rather than exploit their situation to fill the coffers of rewe or edeka . 
  i think part of the social contract is that everyone should look to provide for themselves and that you should not leech off of other peoples work . 
  if you are claiming benefits in my mind ( and also in that of the law ) you declare that you are able to take up a job immediately . 
  i would also support putting unemployed to work otherwise , be it charity or having them work otherwise . 
  this is also not about rewe or edeka at all . 
  it is not about where these people work , it is that they should work if they can .
