  i do n't want to welcome anybody . 
  i would be a lot happier if it was not necessary to grant people refuge from war and persecution , but unfortunately these do still happen in the world . 
  does anybody disagree that you can not allow people that come here to seek a better life only to stay ? 
   make asylum temporary asylum is temporary as by the law . 
  the thing is you ca n't just deport people back to war zones . 
  it is also already very hard to earn citizenship at least in germany . 
  and one thing we also need to do is to differentiate between those fleeing war and persecution and those coming to europe for solely economic reasons, 
  now defended from what ? 
  what threat do people come here to look for a better live pose ? 
  you process their asylum application and then you send them back . 
  that takes time and money , but where do we need to defend ? 
  it is not like this is the red army coming ... 
  only true european blood does it for you ? / s, 
  i think you are mixing up terms here . 
  what greece had was a pretty normal bail out . 
  i think you are referring to a nominal debt cut . 
  the thing is that these economics do n't consist seperately from politics and there were basically two opposed movements : no nominal debt cut for members of the ez and we do n't want to leave the ez . 
  was n't it the greek government last time that was so much in favour of staying in the ez ? 
  was n't that varoufakis wanted to leave one of the big reasons he resigned ? 
   to be scrupulously fair , german banks were some of the larger beneficiaries of the greek bail out , so to a certain extent , it was germans , gambling with german retirement savings by investing in risky offerings in greece , spain , ireland and elsewhere most germans do n't have their retirements in these funds . 
  german retirements are usually very conservative investments which makes the low interest rate hit even harder . 
  also are we really blaming the bank for loaning out to a creditor that gained access to these loans by lying ? 
  would you also blame the bank if i took out a mortgage pretending to the bank i can pay , providing the necessary evidence and then in the end it turns out i lose my job and i ca n't pay my mortgage ? 
  honestly i do n't like this view because it does n't really reflect reality in my oppinion and because it is not the banks fault that greece pursued an absolutely disastrous habit of overspending and faking reports . 
  also is n't germany and the rest of the eurogroup doing greece a favour by lending them money on favourable conditions , by preventing a state default ? 
  another thing i always do n't quite get in this narrative if the only goals was to bail out german banks ( which we also did ) why did germany and the rest of the ez then keep bailing out greece once the loans were out of the hands of the banks ? 
  there is one thing we should not forget aswell : all the money greece lent was already spent by greece . 
  it was not evil banks just deciding one day that greece owes them . 
  the thing is i do not think the german government should have the discussion on a possible brexit play too much into their decision . 
  it just happens so that it will just be very unpopular in germany to pour down even more money into greece with people already feeling like they are paying themselves for southern europe by earning no interest on what they save . 
  in a way it feels like you are taking the retirement money on germans and subsidize southern europe with that and people are not happy with that . 
  i think this time it might actually force a grexit, 
  that wo n't happen i think that would be political suicide in germany . 
  that would be like cameron bending over for the eu and doing anything so the uk stays , he would make a fool of himself like that . 
  keep in mind more than 100 mps already voted against the last bailout ( which still passed easily because the german government has somewhere around 80 % of seats in parliament ) . 
  so many mps voting against a government initiative is usually unheard off although this was probably allowed because the government still had a solid majority . 
  the thing is what could be that quiet , but rapid intervention that does n't look controversial ? 
  people will oppose a new bailout for greece very very heavily in germany at least . 
  i would also be suprised if most of the eastern european states are too fond of the idea of pouring more money into greece . 
   yes it is possible other german states would joing some form of alliance with austria back than well they did . 
  they fougth a war and the prussia led alliance won . 
  well one case for example could have been that berlin is a fiercely prussian city and that you would want a more more neutral capital for a newly formed german empire , to pronounce that it is more than a larger prussian empire . 
  in general this si a moot point though because the point is over anyways . 
  if austria won the austro prussian war , i would guess we just would n't have had a unified germany or we would have one excluding prussia, 
  you could certainly make a case for frankfurt being the capital of germany , but we are well past that point . 
  berlin was the capital of prussia and germany mostly is an extended prussia . 
  frankfurt on the other hand has the history with the 1848 revolution . 
  it would have arguably been a possible capital if austria had been part of germany . 
  a neutral place instead of berlin or vienna, 
  the terms greece is getting from its eu creditors are still a lot better than what they would get on the free market, 
  again depends on the autobahn but i think averaging 130 ish is realistic . 
  at what time are you driving ? 
  i would say the fastest you could hit would be somewhere around 220 + but only for a limitted timeframe . 
  my personal fastest was around 155 km in 1 hour , but that was with a car that capped out at 180 kph, 
  how fast you can drive greatly depends on the specific part ( for example you can drive significantly faster on average on the a9 from munich to nuremberg , than on the a3 from nuremberg to frankfurt ) . 
  on a normal i would say hitting an average speed of 135 is very possible , though that number is skewed downwards simply because hitting a restricted area or a building site will drop that fast . 
  cruising at 150-160 is not terribly uncommon . 
  it also obviously depends on what kind of car you are driving . 
  you can go faster with a porsche than with an old vw, 
  yes , absolutely i also think that america is significantly more secure than europe . 
  i just think it would be foolish to assume that with the ressources available to islamic terrorism they could not send people to the us . 
  does it really seem that far fetched that terrorists would go out of their way to hit the us ? 
  i do not think that it is easy to get into the us and certainly harder than getting into germany , but if you invest the necessary ressources i am pretty sure you can do it and i am also afraid isis or the people that are bankrolling isis have those ressources . 
  america just seems like such a big target and a beacon if you can pull off a successful attack . 
  now i am sure the american intelligence community is doing everything they can to prevent these and almost assuredly have already thwarted several plots , but i 'd be suprised if international terrorists would not strive to hit the us , even if it is not the easiest target . 
  no you can not , but if you are willing to invest the necessary money you will get over the border . 
  the cartels should have ample experience with smuggling people into the us, 
  well for one because merkel does not have power over the other eu countries, 
  based on what ? 
  if i look at the list of events there seems to be a comparable number of events in the us and in europe . 
  we just had the two somewhat big attacks in paris and brussels recently . 
  if you go by casualty count islamic terrorism has left a significantly higher body count in the us though mostly through the events of sep. 11th 2001, 
  well the uk is not exactly in a great bargaining position against the eu, 
  how are the possibilities to communicate and coordinate with syria limited ? 
  as for travelling into the us you could fly out to mexico for example and drive over the border . 
  if you received backing from within saudi arabia for exmaple it would get a lot easier also . 
  you also really do not need to enter in a clandestine fashion . 
  what keeps you from entering openly ? 
  these people do n't have isis written on their forehead . 
  do you really believe there are no isis cells in the us at all ? 
  do you really believe there are no isis cells in the us at all ? 
  yes germany is providing that as is bulgaria , but that is paid from the 700 something euro that are allocated for these people monthly, 
  well but renting a room for example in bulgaria will be a lot cheaper than renting a comparable room in germany . 
  uhm they do n't nearly get triple that in germany . 
  actually in cash they get significantly less than 500 $, 
  you are also at that point comparing how much a person costs the state with how much a pensioneer gets which is less than what he or she costs, 
  and bulgarian pensioneers are paid by bulgaria while these people are financed with eu money ? 
  so if i was a german jew in 1937 that had made it to london i should have been given absolutely nothing in your oppinion ? 
  no help ? 
  maybe a trip back to germany ? 
  honestly this is just distasteful . 
  careful !, 
  do n't go against the circlejerk !, 
  honestly i did n't want to write a longer list because i was sure i would forget some and prussia just was the biggest, 
  after the allies decided that poland should annex eastern prussia and the soveits annexed k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  there were more than 10 million germans that were forced to leave these areas ( including the territories of then czechslovakia and other states in eastern europe ) and leave their property behind . 
  then what about the polish settlements in prussia ? 
  at what point is it too late ? 
  so then would it be justified for germany to return the territories annexed by poland and force the polish people living there now to leave ? 
  see there just is a time where these things settle down .
