  if they fall out of work society supports them , but in return you strive to return to work asap . 
   would there ? 
  is 5 people on unemployment benefit all with minijobs more expensive than 4 people on benefits and 1 person earning a living wage . 
  there 's also a strong moral argument that the latter situation is more justifiable , surely it 's better to give 1 person a real job with the dignity of non-state dependence rather than 5 people false employment that is conditioned on state support . 
  i do n't exactly know i have n't calculated this either . 
  unemployed people working these as side gigs is also just a side effect of minijobs and not their primary purpose . 
   and that cv will get passed up for another cv with the standard apprenticeship from legal reasons . 
  frau m\u00fcller gets the job but frau kov\u00e1cs goes to the arbeitsamt . 
  that 's fair right ? 
  the world is n't fair . 
  qualifications do n't translate well all the time . 
  i also doubt a german nurse could easily work in the us as a nurse for example . 
   how is it ? 
  certainly that depends on the law around work trials too . 
  because you need someone to evaluate the work , you need someone to instruct more people . 
  you need to pay people for that trial time . 
   yes , germany for the germans . 
  real spirit of globalism there . 
  german societal rules are built around germany . 
  there is nothing wrong with that in my mind . 
  this also has nothing to do with germany for the germans ...  in the uk we actually were fair and opened our employment market to the eu in a way that was n't protectionist . 
  i ca n't help that britain really does embrace globalist thought a lot better than germany does . 
  you can see how it worked out with the eu though ( see : brexit ) . 
  so maybe we should 've also employed such protectionist measures , then again , britain going to britain , so maybe it 's better that we 're out in a long term respect . 
  the uk was free to employ similar measures to prevent eastern europeans flocking in so freely and yes i do believe that it would have worked out better for the uk had they taken such measures . 
   yes but you 'd lose entitlement to unemployment benefits ( assuming you 're not a student ) , and would become liable for hi contributions of 200 euros a months ( with your employer becoming liable for another 200 ) . 
  no not with a minijob . 
  that is the entire point of a minijob , that you are not liable for these contributions . 
   do n't you see how that 's integral to the points i 've been making . 
  people who are on benefits are pressured into taking mini-jobs which benefit big business and shifts costs away from the german taxpayer but it 's their time and energy you are taking from them , time and energy that would be ideally spent on seeking real employment or education to allow them a dignified way of living instead of state dependence . 
  i am absolutely seeing that effect . 
  i do not think that is wrong though . 
  in fact i think it is very right to get these people into jobs to reduce the burden on the german society . 
  also working 10 hours a week is not exactly all their time regardless  if there were n't any mini-jobs ( or at least if unemployed people were n't routinely pushed into them ) there would be more real jobs capable of supporting people instead of employing them on the artificial way the is conditioned on state support . 
  there would also be a higher burden of unemployment for the german public , it would make it harder to find side jobs for say university students . 
   which is fine for single people under 30 with no responsibilities . 
  asking a 45 year old hungarian woman with 2 kids and 14 years experience doing something ( e.g working a supermarket ) , to do that is utterly absurd , i hope you can see that . 
  and then she can apply to work in a supermarket ? 
  german employers can look at cvs  except an apprenticeship does determine ( i.e test ) whether someone is suitable for a job , it is literally the criteria by which employers decide whether someone is suitable for a job regardless of their actual skill or ability . 
  a trial period of employment can quickly ascertain somebody 's suitability an base that on real results ( i.e someone 's in work performance ) , rather than trusting a piece of paper that alleges that someone can perform a role . 
  but you do n't know a persons skills . 
  if they have the certificate to prove that they have the skills you know what they should have learned , what they should know . 
  and having people work trial is expensive . 
   in germany ... which is partially the point here . 
  suprise : german society works on german norms . 
  it is in germany after all . 
   from the perspective of the people who have grown up within it . 
  so for the people it matters for ? 
  also not just for those actually there have been numerous efforts to replicate the german system in other countires . 
  i feel like your main issue seems o be that german employers expect things to be in germany like they do in germany and that makes it harder for immigrants , which of course is true , but also hardly unique to germany . 
   you are missing the point which is that there are a lot of capitalist countries with smaller inequalities . 
  like france . 
  you do n't need full communism to reduce inequality , where did you take that from ? 
  you do n't need it to reduce , but you need it to eliminate . 
  my entire point was that relative povery can basicaly not be eliminated by its definition . 
  that it is normal to have some people in relative poverty . 
  now you could make a case that that number should be lower or higher , but inherently you will always have some number of people living below that line . 
   how about people who have to collect bottles and cans to survive , is that poverty ? 
  yes . 
  nobody has to collect bottles to survive though . 
  they do that because they want some niceties on the side . 
  the german welfare state is to eliminate making that a necessity to surive . 
  for example the extremely loose monetary policy of the ecb . 
  the emission regulations just recently . 
  the refugee redistribution system , the hotspots . 
  that was admittedly the other way around . 
  priorities . 
  you also typically only have a room in a shared flat as student . 
  depends on what you believe a decent live to be . 
  i think someone that can afford a small flat , pay for living with occassional nice things like a new phone or a short vacation at the sea is living a decent life . 
  you do n't have to drvie a new bmw and do multiple vacations a year to live a decent live . 
  1600 gross is only slightly above minimum wage . 
  if it is net that would be quite a large sum due to social security . 
  also getting paid 1k is working exactly at minimum wage for a full time job . 
  right it applies to internships ( longer than 3 months ) . 
  it does not apply to apprenticeships . 
  that was simply put a measure to ensure that there would be enough spots for apprenticeships . 
   yes , and for you a mini-job is ideal . 
  however , a lot of the people doing those mini-jobs are actually unemployed and on benefits , and just get pushed by the arbeitsamt to take a mini-job which is off-set against their benefits . 
  the again , as a student in other countries you could earn a lot more ( whatever the tax threshold is ) and not have stay under an arbitrary limit to avoid invoking further costs ( e.g hi contributions ) . 
  i could also earn more as a student in germany ( i think the threshhold is around 8k annually for no taxes ) . 
  also another point : if you work up to 14 hours a week you are still counted as unemployed . 
  it is literally impossible to work more than 14 hours per week on a minijob at minimum wage ( or you 'd earn more than you can on a mini job ) , so these people remain part of the statistics . 
  you are counted as unemployed in germany if you : - are between 15 and 65 - work not or less than 14 hours per week - are available to take up a job immediately - and lastly registered with the office  it is absolutely pocket money , there 's no way anyone could afford to live on it . 
  it 's premised on the idea that that person is supported in some other way . 
  if mini-jobs were just for housewives and students then fair enough , but the reality is that a huge number of migrants end up doing them and remaining on benefits semi-permanently as a result . 
  if they do n't have the qualifications for anything else then it is better to have these people work minijobs while looking for something else than being unemployed . 
   which is lovely for those fortunate enough to have been born in germany to parents willing to support them during their early adult life to secure themselves a real living wage . 
  again an example of how the system benefits native borns at the expense of immigrants who would do better under a freer labour market . 
  yes it is harder without a support network . 
  who would have thought . 
  that said with almost all apprenticeshiips you still earn enough that you could live off of that on your own . 
  surely you will have to be careful with your money and you might not be able to afford vacation on the french riviera , but you wo n't starve and wo n't be deprived of a basic live . 
  maybe you have to ride your bike instead of a car , but that 's the way it is . 
   you can literally only learn a skill like checkout scanning on the job . 
  also , even if it did , the the needs of society to have slightly faster checkout scanners hardly warrants 2 years of anybody 's life does it . 
  not to mention the fact that supermarket cashier is n't a job that is even necessary any more due to self-service technology , and in the next 20 years we 'll probably even more technology replacing these roles . 
  that is not what a cashier does though , at least not exclusively . 
  they are also responsible for properly stocking shelves for helping customers where necessary for stocktaking . 
   surely in a fair world people are based on their real skills on not their qualifications .
