  well for those who do n't qualify for asylum obviously , but nobody really disagrees on this ? 
  the geneva convention specifically says that you do n't persecute those who come for asylum for illegally entering though . 
  and what other sustainable solutions are there for the problem of asylum in europe ? 
  the suggestions from eastern europe have been mostly to just ignore these people or to let italy and greece deal with it from what i have seen, 
  and the eu shot that plan down . 
  there is no maut on the autobahn for normal cars, 
  against which part of the geneva convention is it to deny people the right to asylum in a specific country when you provide an acceptable alternative ? 
  also the eu would act as a single entity then regarding asylum anyways so that you do n't get asylum in a specific country , but rather in the eu . 
  well those solutions have mostly been blocked by certain states within the eu, 
  should we abandandon our moral principles because other countries do not share them ? 
  the question then is if it really is compatible with our universal declaration of human rights to deny people asylum because of their faith . 
  do you basically want to force those in need for asylum to convert to have a chance ? 
  what if i am a journalist in saudi arabia and i am fearing prosecution because i wrote pieces against the government , should your country then refuse asylum to me because i am a single male muslim ? 
  that depends on the measures you take . 
  compare south tyrol and the territories annexed by poland, 
  exactly there is far more concentration in the large cities and a large chunk of germans does not live in these cities . 
  also who the heck has 100 friends ? 
  the difference is bigger than that . 
  also you also find that immigrants are among the most against refugees . 
  i highly doubt that considering luther only translated the bible in the xvi century ... 
  yeah latin is way better than arabic !, 
  have i said something different ? 
  muslims are also people . 
  my family is most likely my own ethnicity though and people just tend to be friends with people of their own ethnicity aswell, 
  took the numbers from here : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/religionen_in_deutschland, 
  yes , but even if you account for that you will find that there are more muslims in west germany than in east germany, 
  actually they are not . 
  they are concentrated in the bigger cities and also almost all in western germany . 
  actually usually in those areas where you have a lower share of immigrants you get people being more staunchly against migration . 
  yeah it is and 38 % having a friend or family member out of a group of 4-5 % does n't seem that far fetched of a number, 
  you have around 4-5 % muslims in germany . 
  is it really that suprising that 62 % of people have no muslims in their circle of friends or family ? 
  you have 4 % muslims in germany . 
  38 % having a muslim in their circle of friends or family does not seem that low, 
  the official course of drachma to dm was almost exactly equivalent to the course of drachma to euro and drachma to franc . 
   who pushed to get greece in to euro ? 
  the euro primarily is a french project and by extension a franco-german project . 
   who set the exchange rates . 
  the european commision together with the national banks and the ecb set the exchange courses , certainly not the german government alone . 
   so the debt was to german banks originally ( yeah , yeah french and italian too apparently but who are we kidding here ) . 
  that quote says absolutely nothing about where the debt was originally located other than european banks . 
  it says something about who the largest contributros for a bailout were and there the largest contributor was germany . 
   so ... . if greece did n't pay it 's debts the banks would lose . 
  ok . bad news but that 's what happens when you lend to a country that ca n't pay back . 
  that was not the primary issue . 
  the real threat was contagion to other euro countries and possibly having the euro break up . 
   enter the imf and ecb . 
  these funds are operated by national governments . 
  they paid for the bailout , so greece could pay banks back . 
  they also negotiated a debt cut for greece and arranged longer maturities . 
  also the imf and the ecb are not operated by national governments . 
  so what is your statement that most bailout money went to german banks and loan sharks based on then ? 
  can you provide any source on that that it was german banks primarily ? 
  i am really struggling to find a detailed list of where the greek debt was in 2010, 
  that if greek collapses in 2010 other countries like spain , portugal , ireland or even italy might collapse aswell . 
  you had to avoid contagion at all point and there was of course also the hope that if you bail greece out of its debt now that it can recuperate even if that would require harsh measures . 
  we have seen other european countries that were also hit very hard get back on track . 
   donald trump has never been known for his delicate touch , and the he does n't care about being blunt if he wants to be the president of the united states he will have to be a diplomat . 
  i really do not see how antagonizing us allies would be in his benefit . 
   in his view , the guideline ought to be an obligation ; if europe does n't agree to that ( and it can refuse , of course ) then he is going to take his case to the american people that nato is n't a good deal for the united states . 
  nato already declined this with germany and canada being at the forefront of those not wanting to make this a contractual obligation . 
  also defense spending is ramping up currently anyways . 
  if he wants the us to leave nato he can hold that position . 
  i do not think that that would be good for europe or for the us . 
   european anger over american reminders to meet the 2 % spending looks a lot like ingratitude to americans , given that americans are the ones expected to defend europe whereas no european countries are in a position to protect north america from a foreign attack . 
  america just does not have the right to meddle in the budgets of its allies how we are allocating our budget or in deciding how we should do our military . 
  it is also quite pointless to ask for european countries to provide a sufficient deterrent themselves because outside of france and the uk no country in europe would be allowed to build the nuclear weapons required to create a balance of military power in europe . 
  also why should we ramp up our military spending even faster in a time where the military threat is so little and any attack that would reach germany would be carried out with nuclear weapons anyways ? 
  also of course europe would also fight with the us if the us were to be attacked . 
  in fact the us is the only country to ever invoke article 5 and europe followed suit . 
   for starters , leaving nato frees up american troops and resources for the looming confrontation with china in the pacific . 
  moret han 90 % of deployments in europe by the united states have already been given up in europe . 
  there are only 60k us soldiers left in europe most of those in germany ( albeit the american military presence in germany is down 90-95 % since reunification )  it also reduces american exposure to europe 's problems ; no nato means that america does n't have to worry about the european union or europe 's migrant crisis how so ? 
  the european union still is the largest trade partner of the united states . 
  the us does not care for the migrant crisis or for the european union becaus they pose a military threat for nato , but because the us has its own interests in the region . 
   it also opens the door for a far more cooperative relationship with russia . 
  i agree on that though most likely on the price of just giving up on the baltics and possibly poland . 
  it opens up for russia to expand its sphere of influence if nato were to break up . 
  it destabilizes the entire region . 
   now , i am not saying that leaving nato is a good idea at the current time but it 's not like it does n't present certain opportunities . 
  trump is n't wrong to seek a better deal for the united states if he has sufficient leverage to get it ; especially when europe is fully capable of meeting that spending . 
  i do think the us overstates at times how much countries feel like they rely on nato especially outside of eastern europe . 
  i think germany for example would be confident that we could fight off any military threat outside of the usa with the help of our european allies ( importantly france here ) . 
  there is already some anti nato sentiment here , from the wars people feel nato dragged germany into , and if the us tries to bully the other nato states around i think it would be foolish to think that it is viable for those countries to give in , especially if this makes big waves in publicity . 
  you may be able to strike a deal with the leadership , but you do n't want the emotional response of the general population and i do n't think trump would do this silently . 
  if anything this is bound to fuck the ex soviet states because you strip those of their allies , while the main beneficiary is russia . 
  we should also annex austria ans luxemburg while were at it, 
  poland cleansed all the germans out of the area though forcing millions to stay away flee and making them unable to return unlike italy, 
  poland cleansed all the germans out of the area though forcing millions to stay away flee and making them unable to return unlike italy, 
  no we make hungary pay for it . 
  you 're right it only was somewhere at +70 or +80 at the time, 
  how the heck is being jewish a choice any less than being muslim or being christian ? 
  you can convert to or from judaism aswell, 
   you 're in an artificial dilemma . 
  the only reason you 're full of refugees is because you did n't close your borders . 
  so turkey should rather have let these people die ? 
  do you really think turkey should not grant refuge to people fleeing from a civil war right next door to them ? 
  if there was civil war in serbia would you also say that hungary jsut creates an artificial dilemma because people are fleeing from serbia and they did not close the borders ? 
  no , but i am going to say that you heard countless people raving about the natural german imperialism aswell , that germans just are natural warmongers and strive to reconquer the territories they lost ( after ww2 ), 
  maybe trump will withdraw the american soldiers from germany because my government be fucked if they pay the americans more for those bases,
