  are n't these completely interwoven anyways ? 
  also eastern europe is working hard to undermine the eu aswell , at least when it comes to them giving instead of taking . 
   so yes , you as germany can have mutually beneficial agreement with russia , but in the vast majority cases not without someone else losing , and this someone else mostly happens to be someone in the eastern europe . 
  and eastern europe wants agreements in which germany is losing , which is fine to them but why should this be fine to germany ? 
  this is not in anyway different of you saying to me that i put german interests first . 
   but then you ca n't follow this logic with `` why is the eastern europe worried ? 
  why are they so paranoid ? 
  what are they afraid about ? 
  '' , when you yourself said : `` we also should n't generally stop him from achieving goals for the sake of stopping him from achieving goals if they are not going against our own interests . '', 
  yes , but we are still bound by nato and people would honor that treaty for sure in my view . 
  why do you think that honoring the nato treaties would not be in our interest ? 
   this basically translates to : `` if it does n't hurt germany , we should n't stop russia . '', 
  and then you 're surprised that ee is distrustful of you ? 
  that 's not right . 
  when it does n't help us and we have no obligation to act militarily ( think ukraine or georgia ) and have nothing to gain by acting why should we go beyond economic sanctions ? 
  ( which were held up by the german government ) . 
  you know that this is about cold war polic ? 
   yes , i can totally that in putin 's twisted point of view , nato doing exercises in nato countries might seem threatening , specially since it 's in eastern europe , because he never really accepted that poland , baltics or the czech republic are no longer his sphere of influence . 
  so yeah , i 'm not surprised that he does n't like that . 
  but if we were to accept that we wo n't do anything that putin might see as threatening , then we would have to also accept that to some extent we actually still are his sphere of influence . 
  putin would be basically dictating us where it 's still ok to do exercises and where not - and we can probably guess where that divide would be . 
  i think you can see , why this is unacceptable for eastern europe . 
  the thing is the eastern nato states also constantly complain how they feel threatened by russia and demand more troops/bases to be stationed in their territory . 
  also nobody demands that you do n't do anytihng that could put fear into putin , but escalating for the sake of a dick waving contest seems pretty counterproductive to me . 
   no , of course not . 
  putin is not crazy , of course he does n't want a war with nato - nuclear or conventional . 
  that 's not what the baltics , poland , romania or just the entire eastern europe is worried about . 
  we 're worried that we will be abandoned by our allies so that the war can be avoided . 
  because that 's what putin wants , he wants to divide europe and divide the partnership of europe and the us . 
  that 's why he 's such a fan of trump or brexit , or far right parties or just anybody who could make the divisions between european countries even bigger . 
  i share this assesment and a lot of people are falling for it and to an extent probably myself aswell . 
  to me it just feels a lot of the time ee just wants wants and wants , but never gives ( again this is just my feeling ) , but i also do not see why ee seems so crazy about the idea that we would abandon them . 
  what has nato done to make them believe that nato would abandon them in conflict ? 
   once that europe is divided , he has much higher chance of starting a war and getting away with it . 
  or he does n't even have to start a war , because just the threat that he could start it and possibly get away with it will force us to make concessions to him that we would otherwise not make . 
  so no , obviously putin does n't want a war with nato . 
  that would be costly and the result would be very uncertain . 
  that does n't mean he is n't dangerous to us , he has other ways of achieving his goals . 
  i agree , but i get the perception that a lot of people believe that russia attacking the baltics or poland could happen at any moment , which frankly is unrealistic in my oppinion . 
   i probably worded that poorly , what i meant to say is that putin would not deal with germany about geopolitics if he did n't have to . 
  he 's not really hiding which politicians he takes really seriously - you can just check who he lets waiting . 
  he never left obama waiting , obama said that himself , but you ca n't say the same for european politicians . 
  putin would love to go back to the soviet times , when everything important was decided between moscow and washington . 
  the thing is even if germany might not be a military might to compare with russia we are still an economic powerhouse . 
  i do not think that russia could just gloss over the fourth biggest economy in the world that easily . 
   well , yes . 
  that does n't mean we should let him achieve his goals , even when he does that `` diplomatically '' ( i.e. 
  without starting a war ) but we also should n't generally stop him from achieving goals for the sake of stopping him from achieving goals if they are not going against our own interests . 
   my point is , you ca n't go to a negotiation thinking that you will get a mutually beneficial agreement with a person who thinks in zero sum terms . 
  putin does n't want a mutually beneficial agreement because to him , not having a weak and destabilized ukraine is a loss , and there 's no way you can turn that around , nothing to offer him that would change his mind on this . 
  the point you seem to make is that a mutually beneficial agreement for all parties just means something different to all parties which makes it so hard and honestly i can not see how abandoning ukraine/crimea would be a gain for russia , but it definitely would be a loss of face . 
   this will either end with him being forced to change his mind , us being forced to change our mind or with another frozen conflict i think it will just end with a frozen conflict because bluntly nobody cares enough about ukraine to start a war with russia over it . 
   and you can just replace ukraine with any other foreign policy issue - the mentality will be the same , putin will never go for mutually beneficial agreements , because he does n't believe in that , he thinks that if we gain something , that means he loses something . 
  then why do we have excellent relations to russia with regards to energy trade ? 
  i think you mistake putin not wanting mutally benefical agreements for yours and his assesment what is mutually beneficial just are divergent . 
   this logic applies to germany as well , only you will not be the biggest losers in case that putin gets his way , so i understand why it 's not so concerning for you . 
  one of the main points why people want to get back out of the sanctions is because we are losing mutually beneficial agreements over these . 
  the issue is that if the us leaves nato we could very well see a fragmentation of europe a situation that russia could potentially capitalize on . 
  i also disagree that at least in terms of military might the eu is much more powerful than russia . 
  specifically i think that russia alone could potentially launch a nuclear first strike against europe if it would not fear repercussions from the rest of the world . 
  another advantage russia has over the eu that it could possibly cut the eu off of strategically vital ressources like oil or gas if a conflict arose . 
  russia has the advantage of one unified army with one goal whereas a europe without the us might very well fragment and have vastly differing goals in a military conflict . 
   the russian gdp to the eu gdp is like belgium 's to germany 's . 
  russia attacking would be madness for them . 
  right , but gdp has only somewhat limited impact if we look at a military conflict . 
  also the eu is not one state , but rather multiple smaller states and russia has significantly bigger armed forces than every single eu state . 
   we just need to stick together and do n't allow media scaremongering to drive us to panic . 
  i think that if russia could drive a wedge deep enough into nato to cause it to break up it would be fairly easy to fall into a to each their own attitude and especially the softer alliances within nato would break up . 
  for example i would not expect the alliance between france and germany to break up , but i would not be suprised if the german-polish relations would cool down a lot more . 
  note that this is all hypothetical and almost all also would require nato to break up or at least the us not getting involved . 
  of course , but translating that as russia is behind ... is just wrong because that is not what the german article says, 
  your translated headline sounds like this is a fact while the original headline reads as `` cyber caliphate : russia should/could be behind hacking attempts blamed at isis '' . 
  basically the report states that isis does not have the capabilities for the attack and now they suspect russia . 
  it definitely is not confirmed that russia is behind this . 
   if his words were twisted , can you provide some context ? 
  what did he actually say then ? 
  he basically said he does not think that sabre rattling and war crys at the russian border are not what should be done , that nato should not unnecesarily escalate the tensions with russia . 
   but anyway , diplomacy is great and preferable when both parties believe in it . 
  putin does n't believe in diplomacy , he sees efforts to reach a mutually acceptable solution as weakness from our side . 
  i am not sure this is true . 
  i am certainly not a fan of putin , but ca n't you see how it might look threatening what happened from the russian point of view ? 
  i am actually fairly certain that neither nato nor russia would want a war between the two for that would most likely mean an annihilation of both . 
   he would n't even deal with germany if he did n't have to i am fairly certain that putin would deal with guermany that he is certainly is interested in trade ( and there are also his personal connections to germany ) . 
  i think he might have a tough time seeing germany as equals to russia though . 
   how do you want to deal with someone like that ? 
  how do you want to sit down to a negotiating table with someone who actively finances far right parties in europe , who is using the migrant crisis to support anti-eu sentiments not just in eastern europe , but in germany as well . 
  the issue here is that you can not proof against it , but we are already seeing relations worsening a lot with russia . 
   putin is not really interested in diplomacy , his goal is divided and weak europe and any diplomatic efforts on his side are only meant to help him achieve that . 
  but is n't the ultimate goal of diplomacy in general advancing the goal of the country ? 
  also please understand that i am not a friend of putin , but i am trying to view it from multiple angles and still i simply can not see what russia would have to gain from a war in europe especially one with an intact nato, 
   and it was a legitimate occupation and what is the difference between a legitimate and an illegitimate occupation , besides what side you belive is right ? 
  and an unconditional surrender is not really a good argument . 
  the netherlands for example also surrendered to nazi germany . 
   i notice for example , that things like the berlin airlift that kept west berliners from being starved out was n't mentioned about this occupation it certainly was n't all malevolent , but that does n't make it any less of an occupation . 
   as if we were rounding people up and shooting them and burning villages or something ... 
  right that happened mostly in eastern territories . 
   t 's almost like at the end of the ww there were massive amounts of germans and austrians heading west to surrender to americans ( and brits/frogs ) instead of the glorious savior soviets did i say in any way that the americans were worse than the soviets ? 
  the soviets were certainly worse, 
  i think that russia could also plow through eastern poland aswell , it all kinda depends on how quick the forces are and importantly also what the war goals are , if russia uses wmds in its advance , and a ton more factors . 
  i am fairly certain though that for a russian attack on nato territory something would need to happen to weaken nato or if possible break it up .
