  because turkey matters quite a bit in germany . 
  one of the biggest foreign issues has been turkish-german relations in recent times . 
  there are is a large turkish minority in germany . 
  how well do you think an amendment restriction freedom of speech and freedom to own guns would go over ? 
  why do you not just change your laws in the us to make something unconstitutional legal ? 
  germany did n't want quotas until the system collapsed . 
  dublin very evidently has failed and we need a replacement for it . 
  also nobody is talking about redistributing the people already in germany . 
  this is about new arrivals . 
  i do n't care ? 
  it is not hungarian benefits that are supposed to deter people . 
  it is the threat that they will just get sent back, 
  i am feeling like people not thinking enough is one of the biggest issue in this entire debate . 
  no , becasue we need a solution for the future . 
  none of these proposals are about the people already in germany or sweden . 
  this is about not wanting to sacrifice a member state like italy or greece and fundamentally because you need a shared concept for asylum if you want open borders like we have and dublin having failed . 
  but that is not an unsolvable issue at all . 
  we can tie any benefits to residence and restrict theri freedom of movements until they get their work permit ( and the point at which that happens could be determined by national law ) . 
  you of course need a european fingerprint database and this also only works for future refugees , but i think this is soemthing we should work towards . 
  i also think that only distributing people once it was determined that there is at least a high likely hood of approved asylum and detaining the rest until we can deport them is a lot safer and significantly preferable to the current mess . 
  i think this is in principle a good solution and a good successor to the dublin system and if done properly solves most of the issues . 
  of course it does n't make it any less imperative to fight the causes of flight movements and to create deals to avoid too many people coming to europe , but at least it is a legally viable plan . 
  but there is no good solution to prevent that ? 
  just having everybody go to germany or sweden is no solution, 
  invading a foreign country with the goal of establishing control over an area so that we can dump the people we do n't wnt there is not a hostile takeover ? 
  yes of course . 
  if the us just wanted to pay off the greek debt there would n't be any issue there either, 
  no we could deport them back to greece under the dublin agreement . 
  we just have seen that agreeement fail and now we need a replacement and just dumping responsibility on greece and italy is not fair, 
  and we have seen how well that worked so now we need a better solution ? 
  that europe does n't care about its own laws ? 
  on that matter nobody has a say . 
  that is one of the most core tenets of the eu . 
  what wo n't take more than one boat ? 
   anywhere , it 's does n't really matter . 
  a greek island , land in north african , refugee camp in jordan . 
  when they reach the continent they are sent here and held until processed . 
  if their application is approved they are resettled , if denied we escort them back to their country of origin . 
  but that is precisely the system that is being blockaded and shut down because it includes a refugee quota . 
  that is pretty much precisely the system suggested by the european commision , with probably the biggest difference htat that system included distributing people on high probability of approval already to manage the number of people . 
  nobody wants these people . 
  that does n't make them go away though . 
  i also wish germany would n't have to deal with the greek debt crisis , but that does n't make it so we do n't have to deal with it, 
  ic an fully agree on this . 
  it certainly would n't be physically impossible to do . 
  heck we could probably just create a european `` protectorate '' in say lybia and just send everyone there if we wanted . 
  the protess would just shut it down though . 
  well this is an eu issue though and membership in the eu entails western style human rights, 
  you still need ships to intercept them and deport them there . 
  i think you get issues there in europe . 
  well we saw why these pipelines might be necessary with what happened with ukraine tapping russian pipelines . 
  if poland cared only bout the political implications they could of course also offer to build pipelines through poand and just not charge a transfer fee, 
  we could just revoke these sanctions and get on with life . 
  in the grand scheme of things ukraine simply does not matter much . 
  and yes we can only enforce human rights in our own countris in our own jurisdictions . 
  it is a matter of logistics but it also severly constrains then umber of places you could use . 
  i think the legal issues would also be a major issue, 
  so let them protest and arrest them if they start trying to smuggle people . 
  fuck them, 
  this is the core issue though of any upper limit concept , the point at which it always breaks . 
   the moment other countries stopped giving shit about dublin was the moment it stopped being relevant so now you propose we just do n't create a replacement system ? 
  also for right now dubin is still relevant . 
  there is no replacement atm . 
   no what the fuck , it 's illegal because they 're bypassing all the safe ports in north africa in favor of coming to europe , you do realize this fact ? 
  same fucking principle would remain if india started doing this shit . 
  they do n't have ports they could anchor on in north africa . 
  they are not allowed to by these countries . 
   oh nooo , so all of europe is just unable to act because it 's legally binding . 
  bombing cities is also illegal but that does n't seem to stop france . 
  not to mention you do realize you can just change laws , i know shocking is n't it :o no you ca n't just change universal human rights, 
  because the system to restrain that got blockaded . 
  it obivously makes no sense to have a distribution system wihtout a restriction on freedom of movement, 
  sorry , but no . 
  one has potentially vastly more severe consequences, 
  so we just throw our ideas about human rights overboard ? 
  should we also throw our ideas on war of aggression over board ? 
  why care about the annexation of crimea for example, 
  then it would n't . 
  the issue is what happens if the limit is reached , but the asylum application gets approved ? 
  yes because the system is getting blockaded ... 
  the initial proposal was to set up hotspots on the greek and italian coasts to vet people coming in and then redistribute those with a high likelyhood to get approved asylum to europe and deport the rest . 
  that is very similar to what you just proposed, 
   well it 's easier sure , but only because of blackmail , read the headline of the article . 
  who blackmailed hungary to join the dublin agreement ? 
   they 're being ferried from naval coast of north africa hundreds of kilometers to europe . 
  the rubber boats they use cant make even past first 100km with that load , you can actually monitor this shit online . 
  that does n't change anything though about the legality of what the ngos are doing . 
  i do n't find it morally acceptable but it is not illegal . 
  these ngo ships can not enter lybian territorial waters . 
   well what 's echr going to do then ? 
  tell us we 're bad people , bo fucking hoo . 
  anyhow . 
  and why those countries wont be able to provide them and only europe is , what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  the echr judgements are legally binding . 
  buying off their debt and having a central bank that had the authority to what needed to be done to back up the currency would 've been better . 
  and cheaper . 
  but not palatable politically . 
  so the solution would have been to have german tax payers just pay up greek mistakes ? 
   as for the boats , you rescue them then put them on a new rubber dinghy and point them back to where they came from . 
  if they try to go the other way you stop them .
