  if you consider well over half a relatively small portion :o, 
  in germany young people generally have been leaning more left, 
  the wall street journal is an american paper as far as i know . 
  if it is paywalled : during a debate with the polish prime minister , manfred weber , the chief of the largest group in the european parliament , decided to let a spanish colleague speak on his behalf . 
  the reason ? 
  being german . 
  speaking in a press conference ahead of the debate , mr. weber explained that there are `` extremist forces in poland '' who would be very eager to have him , a german , criticize poland . 
  `` but i do n't want to fall in that trap of populists who want to revive old resentments [ against germans ] , '' he said . 
  his group , counting a total of 34 german meps , decided to let only other nationalities speak : esteban gonzalez pons from spain , zver milan from slovenia and jan olbrycht from poland . 
  `` i wo n't speak in the debate because we want a considered approach after the polish government 's moves , which i do n't think are right . 
  they are trying to split poland in good and bad poles , our colleagues from the civic platform [ former ruling party ] are attacked , are accused of shaming and undermining poland , '' mr. weber said . 
  `` the polish government is attacking germany as well , because it thinks in nationalist terms . 
  we thought we were over those times . 
  so we do n't want to give a pretext for propaganda , we want a sound debate , '' he concluded . 
  ever since they came to power , in october , politicians from the ruling law and justice party have criticized what was perceived as brussels and berlin 's meddling in internal affairs over changes to the constitutional court and the public broadcasters . 
  the justice minister , zbigniew ziobro , compared brussels ' increased scrutiny , demanded by germany 's eu commissioner , to the nazi occupation of poland . 
  a weekly magazine published this cover , with german chancellor angela merkel and eu officials in nazi uniform . 
  one epp member , speaking under condition of anonymity , criticized the group 's decision . 
  `` i do n't think it will make any difference at all . 
  and it 's quite silly . 
  never heard of a german mep not speaking in the plenary because he 's german , '' the member said . 
  a spokeswoman for the european parliament confirmed that indeed , there is no recorded precedent of deferring speaking rights because of one 's nationality . 
  the german police obviously . 
  it is a fact that the vast majority of antisemitic crimes are commited by far right perpetrators . 
  i never said they would ally i just said that antsemitism is prevalent in the far right . 
  well but a large part of europe clearly said they refuse to participate in a european solution, 
  the cdu and the current center right govvernment are fairly representative for the center of german society . 
  that also reflects in the media holding views like the center of german society which is not really suprising . 
  see `` the left '' might seem strong in germany , but that is a lot because the german political center is idealistic for a good part and that might seem leftist to some, 
  that was not militarism that was that it just is necessary to have a big army when the soviets might come , but even then people did not like the military as it was associated with imperialism and the nazis . 
  once reunification happened the big threat to germany was over and the army got reduced more and more . 
  germany also doesnt really need a big army . 
  who would want to attack us ? 
  that aligns with the demographic of redditors tho . 
  for example half of / r/de are uni students . 
  the cdu has dominated german politics for the last decade tho . 
  well that militarism got dismantled after ww2 along with prussia, 
  it is hard for our national goverment to doanything ihalf the eu is blocking incuding some of the most critical states, 
  you will find the highest crime numbers for almost any crime in germany in the eu simplay because it is the biggest country . 
  well the far right is on the rise, 
  it is also controlling outer borders but that is simply not happening, 
  that is precisely what germany is trying to avoid so desperately, 
  i am just pointing out that the ecb is not doing what would be best for germany and that germany can not dictate the actions of the ecb . 
  because no other country did take them in ? 
  the thing is i do n't get to pick and do you really expect from a politician to commit an action that will almost surely end his political career on the outlook that no solution will be found ? 
  do you expect a german politician to knowingly cause a humanitarian crisis ? 
  how do y ou think the outrage would have looked like ? 
  well the greek government had the choice of leaving the ez . 
  that still does n't adress the fact that it would have been political suicide at the time . 
   at some point it may make more sense for germany to just abandon it 's military , build a new force focused on peace-keeping . 
  and while that certainly sounds radical , as it would involve tacitly handing over control of national security in the existential context to the americans . 
  which , if we 're honest , is n't all that radical as we 've already accepted that proposal decades ago , just without fully admitting/reconciling it . 
  while that is true , that nato basically guaranteed for germany 's security there were also hundreds of thousands of german soldiers in both states under weapons at the time . 
  really i do n't know how the german military will evolve , but i am glad that the german government is at least trying to fix problems and raise spending . 
  still germany aswell as belgium is basically safe from any nonnuclear agression and against nuclear strikes an army wo n't help . 
  well it is not like these people are applying for asylum in poland , nor do the majority of them come from active war zone . 
  but that 's exactly the point . 
  nobody in their right mind would wage war against germany . 
  also who would have a reason to do so ? 
  see i would be happier if germany played a more active role internationally and were to spend more the military , but that is just not popular in germany . 
  so basically you ca n't have a job across the border anymore . 
  i think the numbers may have stayed smaller but the whole situation would have collapsed sooner . 
  keep in mind that there were already hundreds of thousands of people on their way to europe . 
  if germany then declares that it closes its borders , apart from that having been political suicide , would have led to a huge humanitarian crisis in greece and hungary . 
  and you know who would have been blamed for that ? 
  germany . 
  do you think it would have been better to let shit hit the fan in hungay or greece ? 
  also in germany at least the rulings of the constitutional court are binding and such germany ca n't deport people back to greece under the dublin rules . 
  if the central back is dancing to germanys tune why was n't the ecb interest rate raised again ? 
  that would be the step if germany still had the bundesbank . 
  why is the eu trying to create europe wide deposit guarantee against the interests of germany ? 
  well the government is already increasing the funding . 
  the problem is to a majority of germans it is hard to sell military spending when there is no military threat to germany . 
  people already really did n't like the military in the cold war but back then you could just point over the border and tell them : `` see , there are the evil russians '' . 
  the german military overall is in a bad shape in general . 
  it also just has a bad reputation , so it really is not popular to increase military funding . 
  just fyi , dw is part of the german public broadcasters network . 
  i am really not 100 % sure if you are serious . 
  the euro is the currency of germany but also a plethora of other countries . 
  if all those countries should have the euro is debatable tho . 
  sch\u00e4uble was speaking his will , i am pretty damn sure . 
  maybe merkel knew about it tho . 
  i personally think that greece almost left the ez this time and if it ever would come to a fourth bailout being necessary i do n't think there is any alternative to a grexit . 
  gon na be really interesting what 2016 brings for europe . 
  we reintroduced deutsche mark ? 
  i did n't even notice !, 
  uhm i still remember quite vividly how sch\u00e4uble was shunned when he proposed even just a temporary grexit ( which would have been a grexit fully soon after ) . 
  if anything germany held a position of negotation . 
  if they wanted they could have released one last year ( bismarck was born 1.4.1815 ) , but with the state of nationalism here in germany i do n't see that happening . 
  yes and even the edited one is hardly grounds for a declaration of war . 
  interesting . 
  article 231 of the treaty of versaillles specifically mentions germany as responsible ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_231_of_the_treaty_of_versailles ) the initial translation handed to the germans said : `` germany admits it , that germany and her allies , as authors of the war , are responsible for all losses and damages ... '' , although that was a wrong translation . 
  it says : `` the allied and associated governments affirm and germany accepts the responsibility of germany and her allies for causing all the loss and damage to which the allied and associated governments and their nationals have been subjected as a consequence of the war imposed upon them by the aggression of germany and her allies . '', 
  now we need one for road transport, 
  they shared a common language ( well at least all the dialects were dialects of german , albeit i would be suprised if a guy from landshut could have gone to l\u00fcbeck 150 years and they could have understood each other ) . 
  german identity also did n't really exist at the time . 
  you were a prussian , a bavarian , an austrian primarily and secondarily maybe a german . 
  i also think that currently a federation of the whole eu does n't really make sense , as you said the differences are just too big . 
  that said for example i could see a federation between austria , germany and the beneluxm possibly with france work out and i think in such a union the uk could also have its place . 
  i also think our countries all share a lot , we all went through the cold war , we are all culturally very similar .
