  too much blind populism with too little backing . 
  but oh well that 's bavaria . 
  as old as adenauer was when he became chancellor , as sch\u00e4uble said . 
  i would be not so sure of that , but i would also in general expect sch\u00e4uble to move more to the center if he wanted to go for chancellor . 
  i also feel like the spd is not a particularly left leaning party currently . 
  a red-green government is basically impossible at the moment . 
  you would need die linke for that aswell . 
  in what aspects would you expect them to act more rightwing tho ? 
  if the whole of the cdu and csu were against her she could n't stay i would think just because he needs the backing of her party . 
  i was also only talking about the `` konstruktives misstrauensvotum '' because that is what can be proposed by the parliament while the `` destruktives misstrauensvotum '' stems from the chancellor ( at leat that is how i understood it ), 
  obviously this is all just a thought experiment . 
  the thing is i just do n't see a competent far-right at least one that could rally enough people behind it . 
  their argumentation is just too one-dimensional a lot of the times and too conservative to attract those less conservative . 
  but i fully agree that if the cdu/csu falls it will fall by infighting . 
  the only way i currently see for this gaining enough traction is if the csu pushes even harder against the cdu . 
  if the parties split up i could see some weird thing happening . 
  one big problem is that they are fairly extreme on some positions for example asylum ( as in they want to let everyone in for a lot of reasons ) . 
  they also at times just seem really detached from reality and while they have some good politicians a lot of them are just a bit off of what is consent . 
  another issue especially in the past is that die linke came of a the fusion of the wasg ( the left wing of the spd ) and the pds . 
  now the pds is the successor party of the sed ( the party in the gdr ) which caused problems and a lot of the members had ties to the gdr and the stasi . 
  also they were a young party and were not seen as all that poltically stable . 
  in general they are just too far from the political center right now . 
  maybe that will change in 10-20 years maybe not . 
  well yeah maybe the spd will try and step up to push for that more . 
  i mean they somehow have to try and find something to come back . 
  i also do n't think the cdu is that fragile , they try to cover a large base of voters , but i do n't think the party could break apart easily . 
  they will lose voters on one end if they push for more conservative positions again , but they can also gain those back on the other end . 
  i think and hope they stay fairly close to the political center tho . 
  also this sentiment of trying to cover a lot of bases to be a viable option to the whole people is just part of the conept of the cdu and the spd being volksparteien and this also comes with a fairly large voterbase that basically vote for their party regardless what they are doing . 
  the spd is suffering a lot more than the cdu currently . 
  their problem is that they are basically eroding their political profile forming a cdu-light . 
  there is absolutely no chance of a party forming a coalition with the afd . 
  also nobody wants to form a coalition with the lefts . 
  this basically leaves the grand coalition as the only viable one because no other could reach the necessary majority . 
  i think so , but that also would require some massive change . 
  keep in mind she was just reelected head of her party a month ago with barely any votes against her . 
  i could see a sudden change in that happen but it seems fairly unlikely . 
  i do n't think so either , but i can also understand a man , if he thinks that he ca n't lead that well anymore right after he was put into a wheelchair . 
  i do n't think it would affect elections right now , but 20 years ago also was a different time and then the donations scandal happened and sch\u00e4uble stepped down coming back up only under merkel as finance minister . 
  absolutely . 
  i just think it is the candidate i could most see doing the position properly and importantly i think it is also one of the few people that could gain the trust of the german people . 
  i think he will stand with merkel tho , he wo n't stand up against her if she is not already falling . 
  if the crisis were to enhance further tho and merkel might be not viable anymore i could see people bringing up sch\u00e4uble , as i said he is one who could win elections but also a more conservative man than merkel . 
  this whole thing is going to be very interesting . 
  this is only for the president not the chancellor . 
  that said you could form a misstrauensvotum where the parliament elects a new chancellor . 
  this would require both a majority in parliament and a canditate against merkel tho . 
  there is basically no way for a government to form without the cdu . 
  well maybe a red-red-green government could currently form , but these parties usually do n't want that coalition . 
  it would also be a more left government that i think is good , there are some real lunatics in the greens and the linke . 
  when the afd is entering parliament , this will only cement the grand coalition with a cdu chancellor more . 
  actually quite interesting i am right the opposite . 
  someone that votes for the csu but rather would vote for the cdu . 
  the csu just feels so populisticat times . 
  i also prefer the pragmatism that i feel is more prevalent in the cdu . 
  i do n't think demaizere could do it not after the debacles of last year . 
  he just made himself a fool too often in my oppinion . 
  i also thought that sch\u00e4uble mostly said always that he did n't want the job because it basically was n't open and he kinda strikes me as a loyal guy . 
  still he also just pointed out last year that adenauer was his age when he became chancellor . 
  at the time yes . 
  he also pointed out that he thought that a man in a wheelchair was just not fit to be chancellor . 
  but still then you get statements last year that adenauer was as old as him when he became chancellor . 
  but that would still require the coalition to break up first to force a vote against merkel or merkel asking the vertrauensfrage which would require her to get 316 votes ( of the 503 the government currently controls ), 
  yes i know but it seems hard to imagine that such a coalition would not have sufficient votes to rule that 's why i chose the example . 
  as you said this is also a concern of actually a lot of people that the government ca n't be controlled as much . 
  actually one of the early things that he grand coalition did was to up the options of the opposition ( specifically for some instruments there was a requirements of 25 % of the seats and that was lowered so that the opposition could work , as they did not have these 25 % ) . 
  this is also curretnly examined by the supreme court , but th are fiirly skeptical as the government already increased the rights of the opposition . 
  it obviously means a weaker opposition but i feel like they at least try to adress the issue, 
  well he is more of a traditional oconservative than merkel and also more of hardliner ( but honestly being more of a hardliner than merkel really is not hard to achieve ) . 
  he is also one of the biggest proponents of the eu and europe in the german government . 
  he is also the longest serving member of parliament in germany being there since 1972, 
  possibly . 
  the alternative i could see is sch\u00e4uble . 
  oh absolutely there is some power struggle going on . 
  i also think that sch\u00e4uble is smart enough to position himself in a position where he could `` reluctantly '' step up . 
  i think he will look to publicly be loyal the entire time up to the point where he can get the office of chancellor . 
  i doubt that . 
  who would have the power and the will to challenge her and to force an even bigger crisis ? 
  it is a bit more complicated than that . 
  one of the things the german government usually does is to reach agreements in broad enough consent across the eu . 
  that is how the financial crisis and the greek crisis was handled . 
  they tried to apply a european solution again , but this time it is just failing horribly . 
  another issue is that for the german government treaties like the geneva convention or the european charta of human rights hold a lot of weight and they also actually do to the general public . 
  there is a sense that at times you have to do what 's right and not only what benefits you the most . 
  at the time the refugee crisis started to gain traction in europe ( so last summer ) it would have been complete and utter political suicide to not allow people in . 
  also i think the german government feels some form of responsibility to not let the other european countries go to shit and that it is our duty to try and avoid a humanitarian crisis hence it was not possible to just let the situation in hungary at the time escalate even more . 
  that is at least how i see it and how i perceive the reasoning of the german government . 
  i think there is about zero chance that seehofer will be appointed kanzlerkandidat ( and i certainly hope so ) . 
  if i were to guess i would expect the cdu to either appoint one of the newer people or sch\u00e4uble , if he is willing to do it . 
  there is basically no way another coalition could form . 
  if anything these events cement that . 
  to put it that way the current government in germany has almost 80 % of the seats there is basically no way for the governing parites to drop below 50 % seats without some very drastic results . 
  even if the afd were to reach 35 % of the seats we could still be seeing the same or a similar government ( the greens ruling with spd and cdu/csu ) but that pretty ridiculous to assume . 
  i would expect the next government to be cdu/csu and spd government again . 
  maybe not an 80 % majority but one around 65 % . 
  you could compare it to the uk where if a coalition of labour and conservatives would happen , these basically ca n't be pushed out of government . 
  edit : another issue is that you have die linke and the afd two parties that will probably account for 20-25 % of the seats that no party wants to form a coalition with making only a grand coalition viable . 
  well so far it has been mostly merkel 's government trying to find a european solution , she is so commited to . 
  i really fear tho that the plan b is not properly in place when this european solution fails , which i personally would have greatly preferred , but we just ca n't force our will onto other european countries . 
   de maizi\u00e8re has positioned himself so that he will be able to hold onto his merits , regardless of who comes out the winner of this power struggle .
