  that 's why asylum is generally denied to these . 
  the issue is that you have to go to the procedure and deny asylum to them and then they have the right to challenge . 
   some countries are being able to enforce it on their own and they seem happy with that . 
  so the solution is to fuck greece ? 
   laws are as much legitimate as much they are enforced . 
  right and we saw that the dublin regulation was unenforcable . 
   if countries ` can resist ' to dictates coming from that body , then it only means that they actually did not cede their sovereignty to that body . 
  so then they should leave the union in your oppinion ? 
   no country shall be forced to do something they do n't want to . 
  that is tyranny , not democracy . 
  is n't it very democracy that says that the majority has to agree for decisions ? 
  if you join the eu you agree to cede some rights to it . 
  if you do n't want that that is fine every country can leave the union if they want so but they already agreed to cede that sovereignty before . 
   times and everything are just too different . 
  it is actually just too obvious that i am actually starting to think that you are just trolling me right now . 
  i am actually not . 
  that said should n't we strive to be better than our forefathers ? 
  that depends if you count the mountains in the caucasus into europe . 
  if you do n't it is the mount blanc, 
   why ? 
  if they want to , let them do so !, 
  but they do n't necessarily want to at least for austria and germany , i do n't know for sure for sweden . 
   then you admit that your thought of `` countries having to do it '' actually has nothing to do with `` countries having to do it '' but instead `` some people feeling like they are obligated to do so '' . 
  ok . all countries in the eu agreed to the geneva convention and the european charta of human rights . 
   there can be no comparison to what we have gone through and what is happening now . 
  how can one flight not be compared to another one ? 
  keep in mind i am not talking about the holocaust in general , but specifically to jewish people fleeing germany during the nazi regime, 
  yeah but you know it ca n't be just germany , sweden and austria just taking in all the people . 
  i also doubt people really want to take people in refugees they just feel like they are obligated to do so . 
  do you think the brits wanted to take in german jews in ww2 ? 
  and what do you do with the people that nobody wants in , which is basically everyone ? 
  the countries do n't want to take in refugees but they have to ... 
   they are different subjects and can be dealed separately . 
  well without a solution to what to do with people coming to europe a lot of the rest does n't even make sense . 
  also i have yet to see a better , practicable solution proposed, 
  well it is a problem for all of us and dublin just proved to be not working . 
  also if every country just takes a share it is not that much . 
  also it is much more than just the quota distribution but also a lot of other stuff including increasing border security , trying to reach a deal with turkey , hotspots and creating new deportation agreements with other countries . 
  but people did n't get to vote again after hitler came to power ... 
  because the pension system is bound do collapse onto us like this , which means a drastic increase in receivers of pensions aswell as a reduction in tax payers . 
  a lot of young people already dont expect to profit from the pension system anymore . 
  even if they were not refuggees they were migrants , just as you would be . 
  a migrant if you mve from finland to germany, 
  education is not a federal matter so the funds for that will be on the states hence that number is so low, 
  well that is part if her policy aswell ... 
  well t seems like an actual solution rather than all going to fuck up greece as hard as we can . 
  well most us troops already left germany . 
  there just were gigantic numbers of foreign soldiers stationed here during the cold war . 
  near the town i grew up of 50000 there was an american base with 10000 soldiers for example, 
  and one of them is south tyrol :d, 
  absolutely my oppinion !, 
  stll you need the other states to consent to that . 
  maybe will we have to form a coalition of the willing to distribute the people, 
  how is it so much easier to spread out 100k among 8.5 million than it is 1 million among 80 million ? 
   migrants do n't want to go to greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary , austria . 
  they wan na go to germany . 
  actually austria is taking roughly as many people ( a bit more actually ) as germany in if you account for the fact that germany has almost 10 times the population of austria . 
   4 strategic transport aircraft for a 170,000 + man force is pathetic . 
  that 's enough to get maybe 1000 troops somewhere and constantly supplied . 
  what 's the rest of the 58,000 german army going to do ? 
  practice shooting their brooms ? 
  the point of the german army is to defend and not to invade foreign countries . 
  when you are defending positions it should be much easier to keep supply lines . 
  in general the pretense of the german military just is very much different from the american military . 
  i agree that our military is underfunded but it is also one of te most unpopular branchesofof the state . 
  and a fiscal union with countries in need for so different fiscal policies also seems very hard . 
  for example germany , the netherlands and austria could have a unified fiscal policy , but when you get for example italy in the boat it already is hard, 
   what is wrong with the euro ? 
  its been very beneficial for the eurozone members for trade , tourism and just making their lives easier . 
  greece is the only miss-step but that just greece being dumbasses . 
  the biggest problem seems to be that the economies are unified , but the fiscal policy is not . 
  take for example the cheap money . 
  we probably would n't have that low interest rates if the bundesbank were to call the shots , whereas we would focus less on austerity if the southern states were calling the shots . 
   the eu just now managed to vote for a joined border force in greece , after a lot of push-back . 
  some greeks still do n't want it . 
  how many nations are willing for joint border forces ? 
  this is not the eu being bad , its the nations being too unwilling to create an ever closer union . 
  the last figure i heard was that 15 out of 28 states wanted to participate in the redistribution schemes . 
  i absolutely agree that it is mostly the nations unwilling to stand up for an ever closer union . 
  and austria was part of what people considered germany , which basically meant the german speaking area . 
  and people certainly do speak german in austria, 
  well how would you define a german in a time where germany does n't exist ? 
  i was actually referring to the signing of the teo plus four treaty in whiich the allies granted germany full independence again and that went into effect march 91, 
  hinestly if i had to learn a slavic language it would probably be russian and that doesnt seem to be the reason to make more people learn russian, 
  hey at least we could celerebrate 25 years independence in march !, 
  no most people heredont seriously consider the russian military hreat not really a topic here, 
  wouldnt that then not still be considered part of ww2 ? 
  there probably are warheads pointed at russia all the time, 
  a lot of germans certainly left in the past year, 
  it feels like poles are way overrepresented on this sub, 
  poles also have experience with that, 
  so then flying planes into the twin towers was also justified due to american meddling in the middle east ? 
  terrorism is still terrorism even if they have a r eason, 
  basically the south of germany . 
  as it is in germany where you have only 4 states as givers and 12 as receivers . 
  actually there are just a lot of parallels between the us and germany just that by today regional rivalries are not that pronounced anymore . 
  we are still different , but not in a competing sense that much . 
  for example there does n't exist a german cusine , there only exist regional cuisines, 
  yeah man those pesky human rights, 
  no there is compromise and evaluating people if they have a claim to asylum and deport them to their home country if they do n't .
