  germany was sitting at around 11 % unemployment at the time . 
  this went on a steady decline up until now with a small hickup during the 2008 crisis ( small in the sense that unemployment went up less than 1 % ) . 
  this is also one of the reasons why people are still fairly confident in merkel . 
  germany has done very well economically under her and was hit by the financial crisis the least ( or amongst the least ) . 
  there is no secession movement really, 
  that should be austria . 
  almost the same country , but history played out differently, 
  the whole point of discussing german deterrence on its own is pretty moot if you assume nato though . 
  i would expect america to withdraw these in an event where they withdraw from nato though . 
  they could possibly not hold the netherlands that easily , but still we are talking about a massive force here . 
  in most of these scenarios it is the russian army that just already plowed through the baltics , poland and germany . 
  i am basing my assumption on that you would need an absolultely overwhelming conventional army to do that without massive use of nuclear weapons and at that point the land of the netherlands is not particularly defensible from germany . 
  i think the big issue is that it means that you dont necessarily have to rely on these allies that your defense is somewhat accounted for in case nato were to break up . 
  i would trust the french , but mostly because any threat that poses an existensial threat to germany or the netherlands would also pose an existensial threat to france unlike the us . 
  it is a lot easier to justify not wanting to get dragged into a full scale possibly unlimited nuclear war if you are 6000 km away than if you are the next country should germany fall ( and in that way i do n't think there is much of a difference to germany falling and the netherlands falling . 
  if germany falls so will the netherlands . 
  invading the netherlands without eliminating germany also seems like a very tough task ) i honestly think a scenario where the us is no longer the big ally of us that it is now is a lot more likely than that france will no longer be our ally . 
  but that is not the point . 
  nobody is debating that you need military or that you should give it up . 
  the notion that one country individually can defend themselves from large scale threats is ridiculous because for all of us our defense is built with nato in mind . 
   if europe were unable to defend itself then it 's absurd to think that at some point , some country would n't use military power to exert undue influence over us . 
  i completely agree . 
  but still as you said `` europe '' we are a block that is in a pretty tightly knit military alliance . 
  we have nuclear deterrence . 
  my point is simply that each individual country not being able to defend their country against threats bigger than every individual country is precisely the reason why we have this military alliance why we need to stand together . 
  i personally also think that it is just unrealistic for my counttry to build a defense of our own sufficient to defend or deter an attack without have a nuclear arsenal , but germany signed the npt . 
  well i would personally think that the bigger threat of having a nuclear attack on german soil is bigger more due to the location of germany in europe than due to us not having nukes . 
  we just are the big blocker nation between france and the east . 
  if you ask me i am actually quite happy the uk and france hhave nuclear weapons . 
  i 'd personally probably also like to have our own nuclear weapons to make sure that we could deter an invasion in germany , but that is polically simply not realistic ( while actually building nuclear weapons should not really be the biggest problem for germany in that regard ) . 
  still i think of france and the uk as some of germany 's closest allies militarily , simply also because of geographical vicinity . 
  the uk or france just ca n't decide that they do not want to get invovled in case of an attack on germany simply because they are fairly likely to be attacked aswell then and even if for example the uk would not react it would leave them in a pretty isolated position . 
  probably not these sound quite outdated . 
  possibly something similar though . 
  i would also expect that the fighting area against russia would be more eastwards these days so a clash would most likely occur in poland . 
  hey at least currently a lot more has to go wrong so that my country gets nuked !, 
  and no it does not really scare me . 
  in the scenarios where france or the uk would nuke german territory germany is fucked regardless because that basically means that the russians are here aswell and germany has already been nuked anyways . 
  i do think that he concept of deterrence will hold up or that we can repel the russians before they reach germany in case of a conventional war . 
  and in case of nuclear war i do n't have to worry anyways . 
  yes . 
  germany pays the third most of european countries into its military behind the uk and france, 
  that 's just no true . 
  look at articles about germany from the 90s for example . 
  there was a time when germany was `` the sick man of europe '', 
  and even if how the heck should turkey be posing a serious threat to the netherlands or germany ? 
  germany and the netherlands are quite a bit away from turkey and again : allies . 
  the whole point is that you are not fighting germany or the netherlands , but that you 'd have to fight nato, 
  well germany has been doing quite well the last 10 years all in all . 
   because russia won wwii and america did nothing . 
  the soviet union surely put in the most to win the war in europe . 
  saying america did nothing is wrong though . 
  we have signed the npt . 
  if we wanted to seriously defend our country ourselves we had to build our own nuclear weapons . 
  right now we are surrounded by allies . 
  if anybody attacks germany they are also attacking france at least . 
  if any land invasion reaches germany french nukes will fall if deemed necessary . 
  our defense at its core is rooted in nato and our european allies . 
  also there are simply also only two countries in the world that could at least semi-realistically attack germany and with one of those we are allied . 
  another important basic is that the german constitution basically says that the bundeswehr can only be used for defence and most power projecting is tough to fit under that . 
  that said the bundeswehr has repeatedly worked in a supporting rule . 
  just actually shooting people really gets you in trouble . 
   at least countries that want to stay non-violent should pay for the armies of the people who are ready to put their lives and ressources on the line to defend europe . 
  every country is putting their lives and ressources on the line . 
  actually my country puts amongst the most lives and ressources on the line for defence . 
  a defence againt no realistic threat to my country . 
  i bet if we were to get invaded the russians would take care of that !, 
  and if the russians do n't and we fall the french , american or british will blow at least germany up . 
  bavaria being there also just really makes no sense . 
  bavarian secession is pretty much just a joke these days . 
  if anythingi t was only really considered after the war, 
  so we have been in our current form for 15-30 years . 
  just look at a map from 30 years ago . 
  defend the dutch territory from what ? 
  from the germans where we share a lot of army capabilities ? 
  or from the belgians ? 
  the dutch are as we are also still under the nuclear umbrella of france and the uk . 
  well nobody really wants turkey to join the eu . 
  but then again there are quite a number of states in the eu that a lot of people did not want to join, 
  that system was created due to the experiences with orban ... 
  and kant was russian ? 
  i mean m\u00fcsli already sounds very swiss with the - li suffix, 
  south korea may be a lot of things but neutral is ome word i would not choose to describe south korea, 
  western europe is mostly a political term only losely geographi, 
  denmark wants oil from germany ? 
  edit : oh \u00d8l is beer in danish . 
  \u00d6l is oil in german, 
  yes , but not so much on greece alone ... greece 's debt is only a rather small part if you accumulate all the other debt these countries had . 
  right , that was why the proposition was to have greece leave the eurozone and then cut its debt . 
  that was declined though . 
  well our government has been trying to reduce our debt ratio . 
  it has actually been going down since 2010 ( well it climbed quite a lot during the 2008 crisis as it did everywhere else ) . 
  also the source hlinked gives lower numbers for almost all countries he listed for some reasons, 
  ok so a little bit . 
  that still was nowhere near half of polands territory ... 
  i mean we won the world cup . 
  we just happen to be extremely good at handball aswell . 
  also fifa rankings are weird, 
  actually we are not first in the fifa rankings . 
  apparently belgium , chile , colombia and argentina are better .
