  what good does it do for your ordinary joe if exports are high if that means his wage is worth less ? 
  eastern europe is only looking for themselves too on this issue ... 
  then if this is purely a question about security and not about money , why does poland not offer to waive transit fees ? 
  we also should not ignore that we have repeatedly seen ukraine cut into gas for western europe . 
  what benefit does germany have from being dependent on eastern europe , what benefit is there in transit fees ? 
  there is no correct side . 
  it is just that there are diverging interests at play here . 
  germany does not want to pay transit fees or be dependent on eastern europe . 
  eastern europe wants that depency and the money from the transit fees . 
  nah we only had millions of soldiers stationed on our soil here and our country at the verge of nuclear annihilation for decades . 
  never faced a real threat my ass . 
  if you had to chose between being dependent on poland and slovakia , but also ukraine or not being dependent on these states is n't that a very obvious choice which is preferable ? 
  if you had to chose between paying transit fees or not paying transit fees is that not also an obvious choice ? 
  this is also not changing the dependency on russia and germany already has highly diversified gas supply , but it is cutting dependency on eastern europe . 
  these issues seem more like an argument in favour of having nord stream . 
  these cutoffs are a direct result of the conflict between russia and ukraine and because ukraine does not hold the sanctity of the gas pipelines to the west and honestly turning off the gas supply if bills are repeatedly not paid is not insane at all . 
  ukraine did it or at least western europe mysteriously suddenly received less gas from pipelines through ukraine after russia shut of ukrainian gas over disputes of unpaid gas bills . 
  it is also a question of what benefit there even is to give this kind of leverage away and honestly i am not quite so sure that the polish government would absolutely shy away from using that leverage . 
  also german gas supply is way more diversified than ee gas supplies are, 
  so basically the entire argument is that it is shifting leverage from eastern to western europe . 
  because it does not force money to be paid to ee ? 
  also ukraine absolutely did use gas as a political pressure tool it repeatedly stole gas from the pipelines , so there is absolutely the reaosning to shift away from using these pipelines . 
   instead of fixind dependency , you are making it deeper no . 
  the only dependency this really changes is removing a depency of germany on states like ukraine , which definitely is a net positive . 
   instead of marginalizing russia , you give them leverage . 
  if anything it is western europe gaining leverage and not russia . 
   instead of removal need to buy gas from russia , you only build more pipelines and create more ties to russia . 
  germany 's share of russian gas has been going down . 
  germany gets the majority of its gas from norway and the netherlands, 
  i am seeing this argument a lot , that for ee it is all a question of security . 
  then let me ask one question : why does ee not simply waive transfer fees to make the endavour not profitable ? 
   energy union is not anywhere in sight , germany increases it 's dependence on russian gas instead of diversifying uhm no ? 
  that is just factually not true . 
  also germany already is buying the majority of its gas from the netherlands and norway . 
  what germany is doing is cutting out the middlemen between russia and germany to save cost on transfer fees . 
  if this was not about the money for poland then why did poland never offer to waive transfer fees ? 
  ukraine has no god given right to power over russo-german gas trade . 
  if a country steals gas like this they should not be suprised if other countries trust them less . 
  and if this was really not just about the money for countries like poland they could just waive transfer fees and make the project economically nonviable . 
  you are also not risking eastern european states meddling with gas . 
  or you know oppinions change over time , as circumstances change ? 
  yet the only state to meddle with the gas was ukraine and not russia . 
  so then why does n't poland simply offer to waive the transfer fees if this is not about the money ? 
  i do not recall poland ever offering to simply waive the transfer fees if this is truly not just all about the money for poland . 
  the actions taken by ukraine also evidently make it a good idea to circumvent ukraine . 
  possible 25 years in jail is way excessive . 
  not with these statistics . 
  at least forr germany these also exist broken down by region alao in his thread posted soewhere, 
  the entire region is that . 
  the parts of germany bordering switzerland are on the same level . 
  i am sure for the us there is a massive divide between states too, 
  no i do n't think this is benefitting europe . 
  i am pretty sure france , italy , the benelux will also be against further sanctions, 
  no i do n't think this is benefitting europe . 
  i am pretty sure france , italy , the benelux will also be against further sanctions, 
  no i do n't think this is benefitting europe . 
  i am pretty sure france , italy , the benelux will also be against further sanctions, 
  no i do n't think this is benefitting europe . 
  i am pretty sure france , italy , the benelux will also be against further sanctions, 
  the us surely does not seem to seek to improve its relations with europe . 
  the german government is not upset about it ... 
  the polish government is . 
  nord stream 2 and nord stream are not the same . 
  also schr\u00f6der has n't been chancellor for 12 years, 
  this is the official line of the german government, 
  it is not really terrorism that germany is worried about . 
  if you are willing to talk as if this was a government project then this would primarily about removing german dependence on eastern europe for gas . 
  russia or the soviet union never meddled with german gas supply . 
  ukraine did . 
  it also does not change the fact that russia can not cut ee gas without also cutting german gas , it just puts that decision up to germany , but you could route gas from germany to say poland, 
  the point of north stream is not to nurture forther dependence on russia . 
  germany has aimed to reduce that dependence and germany gets less than half its gas from russia with the majority coming from norway or the netherlands . 
  what north stream does is reduce dependence on other eastern european states for gas trade . 
  we should not forget that the only country to meddle with gas in germany was not russia , but ukraine . 
  it is also saving transfer fees for that gas if you do not have to go through other states . 
  ultimately though this is a project of private businesses not one that is brokered by the german state, 
  you seem to be gravely mistaken what the ideas were the eu was founded on . 
  to turn this in a superstate ws the goal from the very start . 
  and you got a quarter of germany including everything on it while removing the germans ? 
  well i am fairly confident the reasons for that disproval vary massively though . 
  of course not all money comes from germany . 
  that does not change the fact that it would cost germany a significant sum of money if you were to share risk . 
   second of all , my country doesnt benefit from the eu being lax with greece , if anything , we should be angry because we did the sacrifices necesary for not being in that situation . 
  this is also one of the biggest reasons germans are angry at greece . 
  just that germany took painful measures earlier . 
   now that that is clear , the situation is unfortunately more complex than that , greece depends in the european union and the european union depends on greece , money isnt given away , it is invested , because a stronger greece means a more prosperous eu no it is n't that easy . 
  what you described holds true for structure funds , but not for the bailout funds . 
  these are not investments in greeces future . 
  these are containment for greeces past mistakes . 
  so you expect german taxpayers will just be content paying for the fuckups of the greek state ? 
  of course this all sounds rosy if you are the one benefitting not the one that has to pay for it . 
  and there is no way german bonds are not cheaper than some eurobonds, 
  right , that is what germany is doing right now . 
  the problem is greece did n't do that when economy was in better shape and now they are getting the bill for that . 
  this is what happens if a state takes on excessive debt, 
  oh the german public is already quite up in arms against the ecb . 
  what is your plan for greece to pay interest on the debt it accrued ? 
  that is not what primary surplus means . 
  just ignroing you have to pay interest does not remove that duty . 
  germany has n't even had 11 chancellors since the end of ww2,
