   very specifically stated that anyone who could be categorized as a syrian refugee in germany would be welcome to stay with no risk of deportation . 
  this incentivizes more migrants and refugees to head for germany . 
  my goodness this headline is so grossly missrepresenting the realities at the time it is not even funny . 
  what was said was that the dublin deportation where factually stopped . 
  which already was reality at the time of the statement . 
  this is also due to a ruling of the german supreme court , that deemed the conditions in greek and hungarian refugee camps inhumane . 
  and yes people fleeing from the syrian civil war will almost always be granted asylum . 
  they are fleeing from fucking civil war ... 
  they get temporary asylum just as the people that fled the balkans wars . 
   migrants and asylum seekers can be denied entry on grounds that they 're not refugees . 
  you certainly can turn people away at the border , and you certainly can send them back to the country they are trying to enter from . 
  right , but they have the right to apply for asylum and get that process . 
  nobody is debating that you should send back those that do not qualify for asylum ...  people fleeing the civil war are refugees . 
  people who pass through a half dozen safe countries without requesting asylum or status are not . 
  you stop being a refugee when you disregard the convention which designates you as such . 
  so then greece should take all refugees from the syrian civil war ? 
  turkey is not a signatory of the 1967 convention . 
  we already have seen that greece can not cope with that . 
  you 'd need european collaboration and also with turkey . 
   most european countries ca n't do this as they have laws and regulations which state that they can not deport individuals back to an area where their lives would be in danger their life is not in danger in spain or bulgaria though . 
   it 's why there are multiple radical cleric asylum seekers in europe who ca n't be deported . 
  and if you ca n't deport them you have to keep an eye on them or put them into prison if they commit a crime . 
   there is no fair share . 
  the reason people are going to germany is because your government invited them . 
  you ca n't expect other nations to help you when you intentionally create a burden for yourself . 
  that invitation is a myth ... 
  the german government never invited anyone . 
  i am also not aware of germany being the cause for the civil war in syria or the rise of isis  this could easily be prevented by stopping migrants from entering the eu and deporting those who do . 
  you even mentioned the laws preventing eu nations from deporting people to countries where their life would be endangered ...  very few ( if any ) people who make it to europe are legitimate refugees that is just wrong unless you do not consider people fleeing from the syrian civil war as legitimate refugees, 
   you ca n't force people to stay in their residence . 
  it 's very easy for people to move around and to vanish . 
  you ca n't force them to stay . 
  you can tie their right to asylum and their benefits to residence though . 
   if they make it to germany they quite literally are choosers . 
  they pass through a half dozen safe countries to get there . 
  right and the way this currently is handled has to stop . 
  germany ca n't take in everyone . 
  the rest of europe has to do their fair share too . 
   the issue is that those who vanish typically earn money through criminal activities such as under the table work or sex work . 
  you ca n't prevent that either way though . 
   would n't you agree that someone is going to enjoy a much higher quality of life working illegally in germany than they would in an asylum program in spain or portugal ? 
  no i would not agree on this necessarily . 
  if that proves to be a problem germany would simply need to crack down further on illegal labor . 
  i do not think that a live where if you get found out in any way you will be deported is a particularly nice way to live . 
  and why should we care if these people want to be distributed ? 
  people also rather want to be in berlin than in rural brandenburg . 
  you can bind them to their residence . 
  migrants and refugees can feel entitled to go where they want all they want , that still does not make that reality . 
  they come here to ask for sanctuary from us . 
  also if people vanish , then they vanish if they do n't need the money then so what . 
  we just can not allow double or even more registrations and for such we need a europe wide database . 
  you are right there is nothing stopping them from taking the train to sweden or germany , but if they do n't get anything there why should they do that ? 
  they are then assigned to spain for example and get sent back there . 
  you can be worried about more than one thing at a time . 
  i think a system with refugee centers at the borders of the eu , where you can determine refugee status and then redistribute them across europe would solve a lot of the problems . 
  a lot of countries have a problem with redistributing refugees though and without redistributing these centers make no sense for the countries they are in, 
  i did n't itend to vindicate you . 
  i just wanted to respond . 
  i am sorry if this came offa s more aggressive than i intended . 
  i probably am a bit annoyed because i feel like you see a lot of people suggesting easy solutions . 
  the big problem with your solution is i think that for a lot of people having a machine decide on decisions that are critical to peoples lives just does n't fly, 
  a lot of the areas that received the most eu funds were the most eu skeptic, 
  you probably should mark that meme . 
  people might take your seriously, 
  and where do the intelligence services take the ressources to scan that many people ? 
  it is also not like we have some central response centers at the european borders , because some countries smited those down . 
  you could of course accurately determine nationality and possibly even some extremist tendencies , but the problem here is that there are not enough ressources to determine these things , that you do not have centralized places to check for these things . 
  as for emotional instabilities and traumata you will find these in most refuges . 
  we just do not have the necessary ressources ( personnel , money etc. ), 
  to help these people . 
   the second issue is how europe , specifically the european union countries within the schengen area , are handling the current migrant crisis . 
  people are , effectively , able to freely wander throughout europe with few or no documents or restrictions . 
  this is ripe for abuse , and we 've already seen that militants and sympathizers are among the migrants/refugees . 
  right , but solutions to this have been blocked repeatedly because countries simply do not want to grant sanctuary to any refugees themselves ... 
  we also had one of the german greens also complain that the police shot the axe guy . 
  she really asked why they had to shoot him dead and not just render him unable to fight ... 
  the funny thing : the police put him unable to fight ... just permanently . 
  but for all we know that was n't a militant or radicalized guy when he arrived here . 
  he got radicalized here , after he heard that his familiy got killed from all i know , and without help i think it is tough for germany to alone care for that many people . 
  do terrorists also come with the refugee flood ? 
  definitely , but i think that does not mean we should not help the vast majority that are not terrorists that are rather fleeing from terror . 
  i think it is too much to ask germany to do that alone and i wish that the rest of europe would take responsibility more . 
  it kinda is interesting how much harder the us is going after vw compared to gm . 
  it was completely expected . 
  that unexpectedly was sarcastic, 
  thats too damn simple !, 
  good thing that this is before interest on debt is paid so there wo n't be a surplus . 
  the headline is pretty missleading . 
  a primary surplus of $ 2.5 bln . 
  quite the difference ... 
  and the eu has implemented regulations after what happened in hungary and has repeatedly threatened sanctions against poland . 
  the problem is that this has to fall unanimously and hungary is unexpectedly against sanctioning poland . 
   i agree , i mean if russia had a military alliance with a pro russia mexico us would be worried . 
   you mean like cuba ? 
  i am not a member myself , but i recall that . 
  my grandparents are very vocal members though and at least locally always did a lot . 
  we definitely are a minority though !, 
  that sounds kinda weird , but whats up with using the name ? 
  i was honestly watching the video as i typed this and the interviewer said his name . 
  that said it is true that i voted csu :d,
