  i honestly doubt demaizere is in a great position . 
  it feels like he made a fool of himself a bit too often . 
  honestly the way i could see it go down is if merkel were to go down and they would try to get sch\u00e4uble as chancellor . 
  that seems like the most reasonable considering it is someone people know , someone people like , and someone who is on the more conservative side . 
  still i highly doubt sch\u00e4uble would push for that publicly , but he seems like the person that could be chancellor the most if merkel were to step down . 
  all hail chancellor sch\u00e4uble !, 
  honestly i think if they were to replace her sch\u00e4uble seems like the most sensible candidate . 
  a calm man and someone who is popular with the people . 
  also someone more to the right than merkel . 
  and gladly those peoples are not the ones deciding that ... 
  still who is threatening germany or france ? 
  if you ask me personally , i would say that germany has to commit to help these countries if they get attacked . 
  what 's the point of having nato if we do n't jump to our allies aid ? 
  and who is threatening those `` wealthier western-europe `` an countries ? 
  and it is unrealistic that france or germany would fight alone against russia . 
  if anything all of the forces in europe at least would stand together . 
  i also still do n't see the problem the us has . 
  if the us wants to reduce its military spending they can . 
  well you need that big military force to project power globally . 
  you would n't need nearly as much if your goal was to defend your country . 
  yeah germany only has the fourth highest military spending in nato , shy only of the us , uk and france with the fifthmost ( italy ) not even spending half of what germany spends ... 
  that really is not true . 
  merkel is trying to gather support for a europe wide solution of the migrant crisis , to try to enable a more fair distribution and we all see this is failing . 
  if germany were to dictate eu policy could n't we just snap our fingers and have our solution be implemented ? 
  also yes sch\u00e4uble was in favor of greece leaving the ez , but taht just was n't the majority oppnion in the german government . 
  also the greek government did n't want to leave the ez . 
  if they wanted to they could have . 
   that is unless germany finally decides to actually solve the eurozone crisis well we ca n't dictate the policies in the eu . 
  and yet the german government is getting critisized for trying to bring down our debt rate again, 
  i give two weeks until germany closes the borders, 
  yep ww2 was clearly a worse event than what we have now and that e ent was in everyones mind when these rules were made, 
  this would be the duty of europe , but this is not wanted and i ca n't even blame italy or greece for not wanting that . 
  that was the only example where you couldsee something like that , but still he did not explicitly call anyone nazis . 
  do you know of any other ? 
  which state leaders called others nazis ? 
  as for which ones are not acting in unity i am mostly looking at the uk and ee, 
  well it is not illegal for the greens and the spd to say they wo n't attend if the afd comes . 
  it is a politically retarded move but it is not illegal and it puts the swr in a very tough spot . 
  just because it is the politically right move aswell does n't necessarily make it wrong . 
  decisions can be politically and morally right . 
  they certainly have a bunch of smart people and good speakers i just do n't agree with a lot of what they are saying . 
  also the bigger problem is that a lot of the base of the party seem a lot more extreme . 
  absolutely , it just seems fairly unlikely without a big push in voters for any coaliton outside of 3 parties or spd and cdu to form a government and no party will form a coalition with the afd . 
  this will actually be really interesting and pretty dependent on wheter fdp/lefts make it into parliament . 
  the thing is it was not only a smart move , but it also just was what is seen as right to do . 
  the spd just really embarrased itself . 
  i agree on that but the problem is if you have a debate without the governing pary/coalition that would be fairly pointless . 
  honestly it is mostly a tantrum from the spd and the greens and one of political lunacy . 
  i am actually feeling sorry for the swr . 
  they ca n't do that much in that situation . 
  the other side tho is that the debate would have been fairly pointless without the reigning parties . 
  really the swr got put between a rock and a hard place . 
  can you explain the difference ? 
  i do n't think so but i also think tha it is mostly due to a lack of decisive common action . 
  too many countries just act like it does n't concern them . 
  `` stretched to the limit : has the german state lost control ? '', 
  how does this headline ( ! ), 
  mention migration ? 
  also by that then the whole balkan route states have lost control aswell as states like sweden . 
  as far as i know the german state is still fundamentally working . 
  i mean there are not giant riots or anything . 
  if you assume that the german state has fundamentally lost control then so have al ot other european countries . 
  and what should that task force do ? 
  have you even listened to what steinmeier is talking about ? 
  seems like i got the state parliaments mixed up :( i am sorry , i was looking at bw, 
  well if you want to invite all parties that are in the parliament you have to invite the fdp aswell . 
  if you just did n't invite parties that are not currently in the parliament that would have at least been consisten , even if i think it is not right . 
  no there have been two . 
  the srp , the party that saw itself as the successor to the nsdap , was banned in 1952, 
  germany has n't banned a party since 1956 and the attempts to ban the npd have been smitten down by the bgh so far . 
  he is a german , but it was not the german government that was critizing the polish government and yet the hatred is direected at germany . 
  the fdp is pulling around 5 % on federal aswell and they are in several state parliaments . 
  see i can say i heavily dislike the party , just as you can say you hevaily dislike the cdu , but insulting each other helps noone in a democracy all the ( relevant , as in chance to get into the parliament ) parties have the right to speak and barring them does n't do any good . 
  i can see excluding parties that have no realistic chance to get in but the mentioned parties definitely all have or are almost assuredly in . 
  if i start to strip away the right to speak from political enemies is n't that inherently undemocratic ? 
  the outcry came from the european union not from the german government, 
  i never sid that and still germany cannabis t dictate policy in the eu and there is also no trade war against other eu countries, 
  these rules were only installed afterr ornan, 
  you should look at the actual policy of the ecb and that is not exactly favoring germany . 
  look at the interestrate for example, 
  the point is the afd is constantly trying to present themselves as supressed amd actually supressing them is only fueling the fire . 
  you and i may not like it but the afd will be in the landtag . 
  they already have the legitimization of being a relevant political party you cant take that away by not talking to them . 
  you dont get ordinary people to think in less radical ways by supressing the radicals and let them create a narrative of being martyrs . 
  i also agree that the swr shouldnt have given in tho, 
  and the outcry came from brussels and not from berlin, 
  that is not true . 
  this is more a matter of priciple that you cant bully parties out because youdont agree with them, 
  you should know that this is a scandal in germany and may just have decided elections . 
  the cdu also withdrew after the spd and greens pulled this shit . 
  see iamnot a friend of afd or lefts but this is utterhorseshit, 
  thatsaying alsoexists in german !, 
  yeah and that is exactly why it is a terible idea to not allowthem , i am really glad the cdu withdrew . 
  this basically eenders the whole debate pointless, 
  yeah but inviting the actually relevant parties is more sensible inmy oppinion and these parties while they currently may not be in the landtag are the relevant parties , the parties that have a at least somewhat realistic chance of entering the parliament, 
  yeah and it is a super nutty idea . 
  if you want to debunk arguments what better platform could there have been ? 
  that has been their position from the start tho . 
  they wanted the small parties participating and i honestly think it is the right move, 
  and yet nobody else proposed a practicable solution,
