  the thing is you could also have stagnated nuclear and reduced coal . 
  if you gradually increase the share of not consistent energy sources you will run into problems when production can not meet demand and when demand does n't meet production . 
  we see that with germany importing and exporting electricity more and more . 
  these issues just get more and more pronounced the higher the share of not consistent energy sources is, 
   the goals that are currently in place ( e.g. 
  80 % renewables in electric energy consumption by 2050 ) were also set before fukushima . 
   and what are the other 20 % supposed to be ? 
  i also still have n't seen convincing ideas of how we achieve a reliable grid with 80 % renewables, 
  yes , but that is what overwhelming public pressure can do in a democracy . 
  if 80 % of the people are aginst something it can be quite hard for a government to hold onto that . 
  the opposition to nuclear plants was way bigger at the time for example than the opposition is to the current asylum politics . 
  now the question is if it would not have been a better choice with regards to protecting the environment ? 
  coal plants put out massive amounts of carbon dioxide . 
  i give you that right now there is no safe way to permanently store nuclear waste , but saying that there might never be seems a bit pessimistic . 
  we are also not looking at insane volumes of nuclear waste , we are just lookingat 450 tonnes per year . 
  i also do not honestly see that damaging future generations by putting out massive amounts of greenhouse gases is necessarily better than damaging them by generating nuclear waste . 
  i do not think that people are really debating if investing in renewables is a good idea . 
  that said you still have the problem that you always need some baseline level of production in addition to renewable energies simply because renewables generally put out very inconsistent amounts of energy . 
  you could build pumped storage plants to combat that issue that it is nigh impossible to save electricity , but again those destory nature . 
  honestly how do you think we can solve the issue of inconsistent energy output by renewables ? 
  i think the question is rather if it would n't have been wiser to phase out coal instead of nuclear . 
  this seems to be preferable at least to me to reduce air pollution . 
  and now switch up islam and judaism in lepens rhetorics, 
  well the idea of borders after ww1 was that you break up the austro-hungarian empire and draw the borders along the ethnic lines at the time . 
  i just fealt like a lot of people do not see your statement as a joke . 
  see i am at -30 for saying that i do n't like leftwing or rightwing extremists , something that really does not seem controversial to me , but apparently it is . 
  how is calling political extremism stupid the issue ? 
  is it not bad if people resort to violence ? 
  is it not bad if left wing extremists attack right wing protest ? 
  is it not bad if asylum homes burn down ? 
  i have no problem with people saying that we should not accept anybody for asylum . 
  i may disagree , but that is a legitimate oppinion . 
  what i disagree with is demonstrating that oppinion by burning down asylum homes or rhetorics that see muslims as inferior humans than we are, 
  i mean we had lots of asylum homes that burned very much in reality and not just in theory . 
  we had the nsu murders . 
  to be fair you could say that to both right and leftwing extremists . 
  both are stupid, 
  the nsdap is the most famous example though . 
  russia still has the largest tank fleet in the world aswell and the second largest air force after the us . 
  i do not think russia could invade china though , but that more due to logistics being a nightmare fighting in such a vast area of tundra . 
  i do not think the chinese could easily take out the russians either though . 
  they might if a war devolved into a massive meat grinder though because china just has a lot more people and will eventually outproduce russia . 
  anheuser busch is a company founded by germans brewing beer from pilsen which at the time still had a large german population although these were cleansed after ww2 . 
  there is a legitimate reason to be confused though because there has been a czech beer under the name of budweiser aswell . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budweiser_trademark_dispute, 
  budweis is in czechia today , but there was both beer from budweis brewed by germans as by czechs . 
  also it being aligned with germans could be given away by using the german name of budweiser ... anheuser-busch as a corporation certainly was founded by germans as the name gives away , though i guess the pronounciation has been anglisized . 
  also there is a czech budweiser aswell , but the one in america is a beer by a company founded by germans . 
  see also : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budweiser_trademark_dispute, 
  well that king was son of a german aswell !, 
  also note that frankonia still exists today withinin the state of bavaria . 
  the return movement died off in the sixties pretty much . 
  these days people do n't think much about it anymore because honestly it is pointless . 
  i would like the polish government acknowledge at least that what they did was a crime aswell ( expulsing people from towns their families had lived in for hundreds of years , from lands that were throughly german , not some bullshit like the city that steinbach woman was born in ... ) , but i honestly do not see that happening any time soon especially not with the current polish government, 
  and danzig had been part of the hanse since the 15th century . 
  it was a trade outpost by german merchants . 
  and danzig certainly was at least as much a german city as it is a polish city today . 
  danzig before world war 2 was more homogenously german than most large german cities are these days, 
  yes of course but there are groups of dialects and the group which most austrian speakers and bavarians fall under the same group . 
  do you have a clue why danish has \u00d8 and german has \u00d6 for the same sound ? 
  well alsace lorraine has flip flopped between germany and france several times . 
  really ? 
  when , since hitler ? 
  who ? 
  k\u00f6nigsberg was part of germany whn the nazis rose to power, 
  now look at amap of 1400 ish . 
  or do you also think that eastern france and the benelux should be german ? 
  well people speak a bavarian dialect in most of austria to this day, 
  we could try anschluss ? 
  gets you into north sea and baltic sea !, 
  and how are we supposed to enforce these rules ? 
  should we send troops to budapest or bukarest ? 
  for once because you need different kinds of equipment to defend against an attack than to attack another country ? 
  i do consider illegal immigration a problem . 
  i however still see it as our duty to provide refuge at least to the people that come here and have legitimate grounds to it . 
  for anybody that has no right to asylum there should be no mercy in sending people back . 
  as for scale i think for germany it becomes problematic upwards of 500k if people stay for an extended time, 
  and which german law would that be ? 
  would you be so kind and point me to it ? 
  this is the very foundation of ( west ) german culture though . 
  you do n't simply change that . 
  well that seems how bomb raids usually works . 
  you leave the carrier , drop your bombs and then return without bombs, 
  i do not see the germans complaining about the americans rolling back . 
  and how does lybia fall under defence ? 
  well if national governments can not agree , the eu is literally unable to deal with it . 
  the eu can create resolution but if the member states just do n't follow not much the eu can do . 
   most of the migrants are not fleeing war or persecution . 
  they are simply coming because they see better economic opportunities . 
  and is anybody in power saying that people fleeing from poverty should be able to stay in europe ? 
  because i can recall merkel , for example , repeatedly saying that these people will have to leave . 
  also if you look at the statistics you see that more than half are people fleeing from syria where there is civil war raging . 
  do you think these people have ground for refuge ? 
  why are people so hung up on issues everybody agrees on , like that people fleeing poverty solely need to be sent back ? 
  and we can not just send the bundesgrenzschutz to control eu outer borders . 
  there was the concept to set up hotspots to properly register people and then distribute them , to reduce the incentive for border states to just look away , but we all know that this concept was opposed so extremely heavily, 
  which threats ? 
  that it costs a decent chunk of money to provide for people and that it is also time intensive ? 
  yes that is it for allowing people to ask for asylum . 
  most of the other problems in my oppinion rather account to the weak to non existent controls upon entering the schengen area .
