  except when it doesnt . 
  lookat crimea for example . 
  when du you expect crimea to be a tartaran khanate again ? 
  it is de facto russian, 
  of course but putting an emphasis on coal plants in energy production also increases co2 emissions, 
  a hooray for the energiewende with a big thank you to the greens !, 
  because who does n't love coal plants !, 
  we shoud also make a western nations first rule then . 
  oh and how about northern nations first within that ? 
  you !, 
  you vote for the tories !, 
  clearly you are a leftist, 
  because a good number of eu states are aimply unwilling to cooperate on zhe topic of asylum law . 
  also countries are wary of ceding power to the eu, 
  the eu proposed in my oppinion quite sensible plans . 
  these plans got blockaded by some member states though . 
  the eu can not act on maters like this without the member states agreeing, 
  you know you can be against lepen and not part of the left ? 
  you can hardly call fillon for example a left winger, 
  so you are againt countering foreign propaganda ? 
  do you think i should be allowed to go to city centers and try to recruit people for isis ? 
  they are at leat utilizing them the mot though and they are using it to stir oppinion up . 
  exactly . 
  also do n't forget that at this point they also thought they had the perpetrator which might have again caused them to value not destroying evidence more highly than speed . 
  the police confirmed that in the immediate search of the truck the passport was not found only later at a more thorough search at the forensics it was found . 
  it probably was n't just lying there in plain sight . 
  it is not exactly hard to get across schengen borders . 
  right but at the point where he would have jumped on a train in berlin nobody would have even been looking for him . 
  how so ? 
  what kept him from just hopping on a train on berlin before he was even identified as a suspect ? 
  if he did n't lose his id we might not have known he was a suspect at this point and he might have just used these papers . 
  question : would that even leave a dutch majority ? 
  there were no poles in much of what today is western poland today either . 
  these areas were pretty much entirely german, 
  the prime issue i see with this is that this approach is just hardly feasible in times of a ton of applications if europe does not work together and there is not established a common way to deal asylum applications at the european border . 
  it is also quite expensive, 
  frankreich is simply the traditional name for france , you could translate it to realm of the franks , wich is where it originates . 
  with an adjective in front of it would be empire like the french or the british empire . 
  kaiserreich in general just means that there is a kaiser or an emperor in english . 
  that said these usually were also empires in the english sense for the most part, 
  that 's a nice gesture . 
  well there is a significant difference between frankreich and franz\u00f6siches reich ... 
  the official language of austria is german already . 
  no kingdom means k\u00f6nigreich . 
  as for realm it is a bit complicated because yes realm is also commonly translated as reich , but in general empire is also translated as reich though commonly with an addition in front for example the french or german empires are also called the franz\u00f6siches / deutsches kaiserreich , while the british empire is often referred to as britisches weltreich . 
  i am not sure how much of that changed after ww2 though , but in general these would have been also called franz\u00f6siches reich or britisches reich for short, 
  what happened to the rest o russia ? 
   does not matter , because those who do n't vote do n't know who will win , so considering them supporters of the winning party is moronic even if that particular party wins how is that moronic ? 
  not voting means you do n't care who wins not enough to cast your own vote at least . 
  because you delted your other comment my response here : no that is not how elections work . 
  those that do n't vote just give their approval to whoever wins . 
  i also disagree that politicians in general are whores . 
  i certainly have largely respect for a good chunk of the leaders in my country though i also voted for them . 
  i also do know that the government does not equal the people , but i still have the feeling that a large chunk of the people of poland are not big on giving as part of the eu at all and are also harboring anti german sentiment . 
  i am also damn sure i never called poles racist , backwards or xenophobic . 
  i also read a damn lot of comments calling my country imperialistic and trying to suppress the other countries in the eu when that claim is so laughable . 
  i can also understand if some poles may dislike me . 
  i am in fact pretty sure a good chunk of the poles dislike me here ( considering that a large chunk of the really aggressive replys i am getting are from polish flairs ) see these people also lost their entire homes their ancestral homeland . 
  can you not understand those that were purged from their homes to dislike that ? 
  my own family had to leave from lodz in the end of ww2 after they had lived there for at least decades losing everything in the process . 
  these people did not come as invaders to these countries . 
  i am also not attacking the polish people not largely , but rather the action of the polish government , but it is not like the people are speaking up either . 
  if anything that would be deutsches reich in german , but that name is tainted and today countries are not calling themselves empire anymore and reich is just the german word for empire . 
  no not by any means available . 
  you can for example still drive as fast as you want on large chunks of the highways in germany . 
  for example the conqeust of berlin in ww2 , the divided city , the berlin blockade , the berlin wall . 
  the raf was also an atmosphere of fear in germany in the 70s . 
  that said there was also a large part of german-austria at the time that favoured joining germany , but that was shut down by the treaty of st. germain . 
  i can get on board with making vienna capital . 
  more beatiful than berlin anyways . 
  that said deutschland is a good name i think . 
  it is not like we call it gro\u00dfpreu\u00dfen either, 
  how is it not tunisias fautl when they are not taking back their own citizens if they do not have a valid claim to be in germany and then that person commits a terror attack ? 
  no at least for me i did not hate poland ( and would not say i hate it to this day ) before all the anti german anti eu rhetoric coming from poland all the attacks on my country from the polish users here . 
  poland just wishing to keep ww2 alive when that was done before even a large chunk of our parents here were even born and the polish government acting absolutely childish when they get even less extreme attacks back than are fired at the german government . 
  after 15 years he could be released . 
  life can also mean life in germany . 
  yeah , but definitely a life sentence . 
  you should n't post such things . 
  this sounds just about believable enough . 
  in reality the punishment for this is life . 
  i would expect the sentence to be life in that case . 
  the punishment for murder in germany is life and i am sure that this would fall under murder . 
  that 's a great idea and only about everyone is in favour . 
  we just have practical problems with this , like who is responsible for asylum applications or how you deport those that are not approved . 
  you probably are delighted about the eu turkey deal then i guess ? 
   what if chechnya were to fall under some little hitler and we 'd say : fuck them , we got bigger problems to deal with . 
  not an eu state , in fact not a state at all , but rather a part of russia . 
  maybe that is not the worst fate for the eu . 
  i do n't see the point of poland trying to make an enemy out of everyone around it . 
  if germany would n't have opened its borders we would have seen a rapidly deteriorating situation in hungary . 
  what do you think would have happened with the 200 000 people in hungary had austria and germany not opened their borders if hungary had kept them from marching on by force ? 
  guess what : germany would have been blamed, 
  it says he was a suspect in a sexual crime . 
  that does not mean he got convicted, 
  yes i am a native german, 
  of course i did . 
  it says he was a suspect.that is something different than being convicted . 
  yes you can do that and that will get you a leberk\u00e4sweck where i am from . 
  that article does n't say anything about him being convicted of a sexual crime,
