  i really do not see a reason to believe that russia is looking to change this relation as it is mutually beneficial, 
  just the idea of someone that seems so incompetent while having a huge ego in such a position of power is very very scary . 
  i could really see him going against advisers against people that are actually knowledgable when it goes against his ego . 
  multiple eu institutions sit in lux mboug . 
  same for belgium, 
  i am not calling you delusional because your oppinion is n't the same as mine . 
  i am calling you delusional because your oppinion simply is not in line with reality . 
  to be fair up until 1990 we also had the russians on our border . 
  he is some amerian reality tv guy i think, 
  you seem quite delusional . 
  also why would merkel need a place in africa after her chancellorship is over anyways ? 
  she has property in germany . 
  i am not quite as optimistic here as you are i guess, 
  i am speaking of greens and lefts that will denounce that and i think so will the spd ( though not as harsh ) . 
  well you will hav ethe whole left wing denounce it . 
  was there no , shortage of workers in the netherlands that led to these people coming ? 
  the , us surpassed the eu because the euro lost a ton of value ... 
  because it is the queen we are talking about here, 
  i think a lot of this depends on what happens between now and a possible referendum especially what happens during art 50 negotiationa, 
  what makes you think a referendum would occur before art 50 is triggered ? 
   well , it was n't a crime , so it might be hard to recall . 
  what about cleansing a territory of millions of people and seizing their property is not a crime ? 
   german civilian deaths range from 500,000 to over 2.0 million . 
  soviet civilian deaths : 26.6 million , so you are way overshooting soviet civilian deaths . 
  soviet civilian death due to german military action and crimes against humanity lie around 10 million . 
  for germany that number is between 1.5 and 3 million . 
  numbers from here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties if we include military casualties you get another 4.4 to 5.3 million dead germans and 8.6 to 11.4 million dead sovietgs . 
  i also do not dispute that the germans killed more people than the soviets . 
   as you can see the disparity is not even in the same ball park . 
  1.5-3 to 10 million is a huge difference , but there is also a huge number of displaced germans . 
   if you had won the war , would those poles in silesia be able to return home ? 
  please answer this question no , but again a crime against humanity does not make a reciprocal crime against humanity not a crime against humanity . 
  note that silesia also was majority german before the war . 
  well a referendum in germany would not be possible anyways . 
  man that 's a bad article . 
  it is completely glossing over the details and pretty grossly missrepresenting what actually happened . 
  what really happened is that ceta is going into preliminary application . 
  this was challenged in court and that challenge failed . 
  karlsruhe said though that only the parts that clearly ( undisputably ) fall under eu jurisdiction can go in application while the parts that fall under national jurisdiction may not go in effect ( this a. 
  they also made sure that germany must be able to back out of ceta . 
  this for example means that investment courts may only go in effect once ceta is fully ratified part of the reasoning is that there may be irreparable damages if it were to be stopped now . 
  this is also not the decision if ceta is constitutional , this will take a lot more time to decide , and it still very well might be possible that ceta gets stopped in court, 
  so poles just participated in execution and profiteered ? 
  i also do n't recall any sort of acknowledging it as a crime by polish governments . 
  so the allies ? 
  also we all know how churchill felt on germany ... 
   gone off `` lightly '' regarding the atrocities committed against civilians when compared with the ones that soviet civilians suffered at the hand of the germans . 
  got off lightly in what way ? 
  that not as many german civilians were killed as soviet civilians were ? 
  there were also millions of german civilian casualties and there were even more that were displaced unable to ever return to their homes forced to leave everything behind . 
   the allies were n't airstriking villages and cities with no military importance . 
  most of prussia were n't `` touched by the war '' when the soviets came . 
  most houses were intact , etc. 
  that was i alluding to . 
  that is just not true . 
  allies targeted city centers without any military importance in the war repeatedly unless you have a very wide idea of military importance . 
   yes , there was ethnic cleansing post-war , no doubt . 
  but that unfortunately was a necessary wrong doing . 
  so then cleansing poles out of german occupied poland was also a necessary wrong doing ? 
  after all poland was the loser in that war too . 
  do you really think that cleansing civilian population because you ca n't otherwise seize the territory is a good justification ? 
  crimes against humanity stay crimes against humanity and one crime against humanity does not justify a reciprocal crime . 
  the aftermath of ww2 particularly, 
  germany also was in rubbles after war . 
  millions of germans died and even more lost their homes , everything they had . 
  germany did kill more civilians in ww2 , but to say germany got off lightly is also just wrong . 
  germany also lost almost a quarter of its territory and was divided in 4 . 
  i also do n't see how everything could have been in place considering there were large allied air attacks on german cities before ground troops reached them . 
  also do n't forget the single largest instance of ethnic cleansing in world history was not commited by germans it was commited against germans . 
  we saw between 13.5 and 16.5 million germans that were expelled , evacuated or fled a lot of which from areas that were completely ethnically homogenous german . 
  a lot of polish guys seem to do very similar things . 
  crimea was transferred from the russian ssr to the ukrainian ssr which both were part of the ussr ... 
  you have someone sit there and watch the guy so he does n't ? 
  he is in prison after all . 
  you can also take away a lot of things to make it very hard to impossible to commit suicide . 
  redrawn by all the allies not just the su, 
  yes because borders were redrawn after ww2 . 
  because there is a huge difference between free trade and the single market ? 
  for instance a huge part of the uk economy is in the sector of services . 
  ftas generally do n't include these , the single market does . 
  we had merkel basically pushing for the industry to support a tough stance a week ago . 
  it is also not germany that started this whole brexit thing and i do not think not giving special advantages is the same as sanctioning . 
  we sanction russia . 
  we wo n't sanction the uk . 
  depending on region . 
  in germany it is the lowest since reuinification, 
  good lord they even knew there was a high risk of suicide ... 
  well of course , but repatriation can take a while especially wihout deals . 
  during that process it is germany 's responsibility even though that process ideally is so short that that wo n't be necessary for long . 
  actually cutting refugee benefits was already decided upon , but the germna supremec court ruled that the government can not reduce these even furhter unlike this which was deemed legal in the european court of justice . 
  at that point you will get significantly more heavily radicalized muslims . 
  for which there is a heavy correlation to poverty ? 
  everyone gets welfare because our constitution says that human dignity is inviolable and abolishing welfare basically contradicts that . 
  this is also where further reducing it failed . 
  there are also practical concerns like people would be resorting to crime much more to sustain themselves if we were not giving out welfare during the asylum process . 
  the polish tax code is also not the business of germany . 
  if poland wishes to claim taxes based on citizenship they could instate such a system . 
  as for benefits for eu nationals you are not eligible for welfare in germany unless you paid in anyways because that is the responsibility of your eu homestate . 
  no it was not random . 
  it just was not exactly related to merkel 's speeches,
