  well the czechs also were on our side the first time, 
  that does not make sense at all . 
  no not right now . 
  i could see something more federal consisting of the economially more equal parts though . 
  especially with the uk leaving i do n't want to be a union where the southern states just outvote the north, 
  in all these dialect maps you end up with a split bavaria though . 
  you are right though that the dialects losely match the occupation zones . 
  if you do n't secede again ? 
  i dont think the eu would even negotiate wit catalonia . 
  only states can join the eu . 
  i doubt eu members would recognize such a secession, 
  right but there also woukd be no international recognition for such a move . 
  nobody would recognize that independence . 
  such a state could also not join the eu, 
  how is the money distribution system broken in your oppinion ? 
  uhm , why ? 
  that does n't make a lot of sense . 
  like i would get saying that everything in germany would get cheaper , but i would not necessarily expect pesetas to hold the value the euro holds currentlly, 
  i do not think the south just voting to plunder german and dutch coffers should be acceptable at all . 
  and within the ez the southern states outnumber the north . 
  it would also pretty much require the eu to federalize . 
  right , but growth fluctuates . 
  we also got euro crisis aswell as russian sacntions . 
  well your link shows data from 72 to 14, 
  comparing growth rates from the 70s to todays is just disingenous . 
  and yes german growth has taken another hit during the greek and ukrainian crisis . 
  2009 and 2010 showed larger growth than 2007 though . 
  by what metric ? 
  unemployment is significantly lower . 
  gdp is vastly higher . 
  no i mean for example from 2002 - 2008 . 
  of course the crisis hurt . 
  germany recovered quickly though, 
  you can hardly compare german reunification to eu cohesion funds . 
  what do you say against examples of austerity working as it did in germany during the 00 years ? 
  the absolute rate does n't really matter for how it got devalued . 
  what matters is how it changed : http://www.finanzen.net/devisen/dollarkurs the euro dropped from being somewhat stable around 1.30 on the dollar to first 1.15 and now in a second drop to around the 1.06 we are sitting at right now . 
  that is a significant devaluation . 
  what the answer was if germans were asked to get the euro devalued to help the south ? 
  well we know that because that literally happened . 
  we saw groans mostly directed at the ecb . 
  we saw a german government that simply could not do much against that . 
  look at the euro chart over the last few years . 
  well we are even seeing the barrage taken at german financial politics for trying to repay our debt again ... 
  then can you explain to me how a policy of admitting even larger numbers of refugees and enacting policy that would cause even larger streams of money go from germany to the south in touch with what people want ? 
  i literally linked the article to you . 
  but you probably also have no problem with h\u00f6cke demanding a change in rembrance culture then ? 
  she had the option to distance her from that piece repeatedly though which she did not do . 
  and that is the kind of piece i would expect someone that wants to be a member of german govenrmetn to distance themselves from, 
  http://www.glasnost.de/pol/wagen.html here you go, 
  i do not think they will get the fdp for a red-green-yellow coalition though . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do think that you would not necessarily get the greens to go for rrg if say black-green were possible . 
  we will see what happens when schulz has to take positions on political questions . 
  i have not heard any concise up to date statements for example regarding eurobonds and increasing defence spending . 
  i also do think it will hurt the spd if people realize that voting for schulz might to people like wagenknecht , a self proclaimed supporter of stalin , in government . 
  even the literal quote is bad enough . 
  what incident is he reffering to ? 
  i am sorry , but the us president just making decisions based of the info he saw of one cable network is just dangerous . 
  well thats why there are sanctions . 
  there is a difference between sanctions and war though and war is what you are advocating, 
   great . 
  does n't change the fact that state propaganda dominates everything by a large margin . 
  people in the gdr could watch and listen to western media , too . 
  still did n't change approval ratings . 
  weird , huh ? 
  it 's almost as if dictatorships make those up . 
  it is not like these polls come from russian polls though . 
  these come from institutes like gallup , which certainly are not under control of the kremlin . 
   well , let me put it simply : putin gone = no shit like this . 
  we are discussing an article accusing russia of overthrowing montenegros government . 
  that is an act of war , you know . 
  we could also get someone worse than putin in . 
  someone that establishes an actual dictatorship . 
  we could also see splinter groups arise . 
  we could see nuclear weapons fall in the hands of terrorists . 
  and if montenegro has real proof that moscow was behind that plot they are welcome to react . 
  as of right now i have not seen this claim reported from a source i wuold deem believable enough . 
   so , then we are morally allowed to start a war against russia as it threatens the existence of the eu . 
  sorry , if those are the rules , then we can follow them , too . 
  yes . 
  if russia were to pull something like ukraine somewhere within the eu/nato we will react . 
   that is something i can debate . 
  all soviet leaders , including gorbatchev , had support levels of  90 % at all times , even right before the collapse of the soviet union . 
  approval ratings in dictatorships do n't have any value . 
  russia right now is nowhere near the oppression of the soviet union though ... you can read western press in russia . 
  you can access the internet . 
   i 'm supporting to fight against russian aggression , that 's called defense . 
  you proposed getting rid of putin and imposing pretty extreme sanctions on russia ? 
  how is that defence ? 
  how is that securing peace ? 
   so russia would start a war over economy ? 
  that would prove that they wanted war in the first place . 
  it 's our decision who we trade with , not russias . 
  russia will start a war if you threaten its very existence , even if you do it economically . 
  do you not think if you were to fully blockade the uk they would not react militarily ? 
  this is the kind of progress we need to deal with the refugee crisis . 
   that 's debatable as russia is a dictatorship without a free press . 
  sorry , but no that is not something you can debate . 
  even if you want to see it as a dictatorship , you can hardly deny that the russian people support putin .
