  or do you just want to shoot those ships down until they stop coming ? 
  how do you propose we close a sea border ? 
  honestly the more the eu goes on it seems just too large and too diverse to function . 
  and germany is a major part of the eurozone . 
  if the bank of england made policy only for england forgoing the other parts of the uk do n't you think these other parts would be pissed aswell if that policy was to their detriment ? 
  if the bank of england did n't even bother to look at these issues ? 
  still the german economy alone is lamost 30 % of the gdp of the eurozone and almost 25 % of the people of the eurozone are german and i think people understandably are pissed when the body that makes the monetary policy for the entire eurzone is not eve nconsidering concerns in such a somewhat large part of the body they are responsible for . 
  because draghi has made the impression repeatedly that he does not understand and is not willing to care about the issues that the monetary policy of the ecb is causing in germany and the hopes are that a german would care more about germany . 
  now i agree with you that it should not matter , but that is just the flipside of populism that demands like these rise up . 
  it basically boils down to there being the distinct impression that the ecb currently does not care about germany at all when making monetary policy, 
  if that terrorist state happens to have one of the two or three most powerful militaries then yes nobody wants to risk an open war where it is not absolutely necessary and that line at least to me is nato, 
  mostly because for most germans the ecb monetary policy and the ridiculous low interest rates are seen as something very bad . 
  how is one supposed to save up for retirement with basically 0 interest and ~ ~ renzi ~ ~ draghi seems completely oblivious to the issues the policies are causing in germany, 
  well the ecb 's policy is absolutely disastrous currently, 
  the ing is even if we did that russia still has the huge leverage of nuclear weapons one we can not match . 
  we can not match the destruction russia could bring, 
  how would spending a few more billions create a detterent enough on its own for russia, 
  lets word it differently : we cant build a sufficient deterrent , due to the npt and that seems like a very bad idea towards our diplomatic relations . 
  also for the us it sems like a mutually benefitial agreement to both parties and i do not see why we shoukd pay more to that, 
  yes but for applicationns that data is simply out of date, 
  the thing is we simply can not hope to build a sufficient defense to completely deter any offense militarily . 
  if the us wants to withdraw that is their good right but demanding that we should pay them for the bases in my country they use to project power is insulting . 
  if the us doesnt want to be part of tha\u00fce military alliance anymore that is their good right but they also have to accept the reduced influence in the area then . 
  if that were to mean we 'd have to work even more closely with france that 's fine with me . 
  i still do not see why the us would want to give up its allies in europe, 
  russia did not even formally declare war on ukraine . 
  also if the goal of the russian army had been to defeat ukraine completely they could have done that . 
  they would have been in kiew in weeks . 
  russia also did not fight a full scale war in georgia . 
  there wer 850 dead only in that war . 
  also even without utilizing nuclear weapons the russian army still conventionally is vastly more powerful than the polish army . 
  the russian army has vastly more manpower and more equipment . 
  russia has the largest tank force in the world . 
  also again comparing a full scale russian attack to the ukraine war isnt making much sense . 
  there never was a full russian intervention in ukraine, 
  these numbers of asylum applications really d ot seem up to date, 
  a will to fight does not help against nukes . 
  i think people here also underestimate the power of the russian military, 
  the polish territories line up with poland of the 12th or 13th century , after that these territories were under german control . 
  you could lay similar claims for germany down to nrothern italy or the entire benelux . 
  even if you believe the territory should be polish taking an area and cleansing it of almost the entire population at least falls under crime to you ? 
  also if your goal was to advance the mwar wouldnt it be wiser to target bridges and industrial facilities in dresden instead of the city centre ? 
  to avoid a humanitarian crisis as it is happening in greece ? 
  that is the whole point that this is based on that we help avoid those crisis . 
  basically to create a humane solution, 
  yi feel that higher crime rates are a symptom of pverty and lack of cultural understanding and because people simply have not much else to do . 
  this is why integration is important . 
  it really is not hard to see for most of these people that most other people have more and i do not think that you need articles like this to create envy . 
  i think creating an environment of hatred contributes a lot more to more crime . 
  if people dont see a chance to do something worthwile because the people here hate them anyways why even bother ? 
  reality as always is not that black and white thiugh, 
  what is the left even supposed to mean here ? 
  i also feel like the ones trying to create a fissure between `` them '' and `` us '' are mostly the far right parties . 
  yes asylum seekers would probably be a better word . 
  i just really do n't like this mixing of words because it dilutes their meaning . 
  for example if i moved to copenhagen to go to university i would be a migrant too . 
  sure it just bugs me that there seems to be a view where they mostly just look at the glorious victories and not at the `` crimes '' that were also commited by the allies . 
  it was certainly not necessary for example to destroy the historic center of dresden for the war to end , as probably the most well known example in germany . 
  there also was the large scale ethnic cleansing and forced relocation of more than 10 million germans from the eastern territories and the annexation of large swaths of territories by poland , where they even call them recovered territories with very little historic claim to them , after stealing the property of the germans and expulsing them . 
  i am just so tired to only see my country sucking up to the wrongdoings we did . 
  i hate at times that you can not talk about the unjust that happened to germans . 
  everyone is always so keen on pointing out what the germans did , but they just do not acknowledge their own wrongdoings . 
  we should probably use the proper words then ... 
  what makes you believe that there are no goals ? 
  for example for the decision to allow people via special trains to germany from hungary the goal was to avoid the humanitarian situation in hungary completely collapse . 
  how is the situation not comparable with the yugoslav wars ? 
  also yes the vast majority of people fleeing from the yugoslav wars in germany left and some were forced to leave only a rather small minority ( < 10 % ) is in germany at this point . 
  also of course you can suceed in sending the people back . 
  one thing we also have to keep in mind that most people still would rather live in their home country and want to return there , but even for those who do n't , first you try it by giving them money and a plane ticket home and if that does n't work you forcibly ship them back . 
  i know my country handled an at least somewhat comparable situation once and will able to handle it again . 
  you can believe me that i do appreciate that , i just do not like the notion that everything the americans and the west did in germany was benevolent . 
  they also destroyed cultural centers and historic buildings , deliberately bombed civilian targets . 
  the whole war feels far too mystified in a lot of the allied countries . 
  they conquered us with superior amounts of materials and hundreds of thousands of tonnes of bombs dropped on germany . 
  i also never said that it was nearly as bad in west germany as in the soviet bloc , but germany still was occupied . 
  do n't forget that germany only regained full indepence in 1991 with the 2 +4 treaty . 
  actually the most popular immigrant destination by far is still the united states, 
  yeah , but we do not do it because it is so beneficial for our countries ... 
  in fact almost everyone would prefer it if people were not fleeing to our country , but i think it is our obligation to grant sanctuary to those that make it to us fleeing from political persecution or war . 
  now granted we have to send these people back once the threat to them is over and this is where i see sweden failing . 
  in germany more than 90 % of those that fled the balkan wars are now out of germany again with only extreme cases staying here . 
  arguably the return laws were even applied too toughly . 
  i still do n't think we should only thinks what benefit does it bring to us ? 
  what benefit does it bring for example to keep bailing out greece ? 
  what benefit does it bring to my country to send eu funds to hungary ? 
  also are n't a lot of the people seeking refuge grateful for being here ? 
  see you usually do n't hear too much about these because there simply is n't an interesting story here , they do not stand out being quiet . 
  daily life does n't change at all for the rest of the country here either, 
  uhm having to flee from civil war does not necessarily imply poverty . 
  if for some people had to flee out of russia due to a civil war would that automatically make everyone that flees poor ? 
  2000 $ is also a sum that is not that incredibly high that you could n't save it even in a non western country . 
  and kohl is right in that and that also never has been the goal . 
  mind you that under kohl we took in hundreds of thousands of people fleeing from the yugoslav wars and those were also eventually deported back as is the plan now . 
  indeed that is why every country basically is allied with one or more of these countries, 
  gdp wise ? 
  yes . 
  military wise ? 
  absolutely not . 
  the us and russia in an event of war most likely would try to limit it to keep mutual annihilation from happening . 
  poland on the other hand could probably be forced into an unconditional surrender to russia within hours to days without its allies .
