  yes , germany is also on the imbalance side of the mip , but so are all but 6 countries . 
  also germany is not in the excessive imbalance category yet unlike portugal or france ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/economic_governance/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure/mip_reports/index_en.htm ) and yes germany also needs to save . 
  we have a demographic time bomb at our hands . 
  the number of tax payers will fall by quite a bit when the baby boomer generations retire . 
  how about we also formally declare war on poland ? 
  but why 4th reich for yourselves ? 
  it does n't matter what it was for that it was what it looked like and it certainly did not look that bad to the outside early on . 
  because not bringing stories that looked small/local in the general news is censorship ? 
  i think you should read up what censorship means ... 
  regarding ukraine i think he forgot that it was ukraine and not russia jeopardising the gas pipelines . 
  getting around an unreliable partner as ukraine also seems to be in our interest . 
  apart from that all he says sounds quite reasonable . 
  the problem is that it would be very hard or even impossible to unravel the euro without causing a major economic crisis especially in se . 
  how are these states looking to finance if interest rates shoot up ? 
  60,61 and 68 is middle aged to you ? 
  should n't denmark also get +1 from the danish-canadian border ? 
  right . 
  that post was also mostly to illustrate why the claim that germany controls the ecb is utterly ridiculous, 
  his party ( group ) got roughly 30 % of votes . 
  i woud not call that nobody voted for him . 
  in fact it is the largest party ( group ) in the european parliament . 
   as long as there 's someone who on purpose creates an elephant in the china shop and southern europe are not creating such an elephant ? 
  how long ago again were the bailouts required ? 
  if they wanted to do that that would be the job of the italian minister of finance and not the german one . 
  also a deficit in government spending is something the government directly controls unlike trade balance . 
  angela merkel was elected by the german bundestag not by the german citizens directly, 
  if you dont go to eu elections you could not vote for juncker . 
  that doesnt change the fact that he was elected unless you also want to call merkel for example unelected, 
  the us is free to change its militaey budget, 
  well the cold war is over and we got through it without it becoming hot, 
  i would trust the french . 
  any conflict between germany and russia inevitably would draw them in too, 
  right and we should apply antitrust laws , but still we have these structures in place and it does not matter if we like it or not but our society is built on these, 
  conversely would you think it would have been wise for example in the sixties to have the fbi monitor the kukluxklan ? 
  terroristic and extremist groups need to be monitored regardless of rightwing or leftwing or religous extremism, 
  well the problem is if the banks fail there is a good chance we will have a lot more people needing food banks . 
  did you already forget 2008 ? 
  do some glourious communism ? 
  the point is that the geography means that people are a lot less likely to flee to japan . 
  zentrum was the catholic conservative party though ( which is why it 's kinda weird to have that picture with prussia , though probably that was just from prussia ), 
  more like they are an island in the pacific far from the middle east ... 
  it 's almost as if our countries were really similar !, 
  well in a democracy you need public support for policies and ther is pretty much no support for a large military build up . 
  and how do these outside problems have military solution ? 
  that depends how figuratively see overnight . 
  if you gave 5-10 years time and a sound reason ( and subsequently the required support in the population ) it seems reasonable that germany could build up a somewhat impressive military . 
  it would come with massive growing pains though as you said and 5-10 years might also be too short of a timeline, 
  i am not sure we could become a superpower in the strictest sense that quickly . 
  i think we could build up to one of the most powerful militaries on the globe though reasonably quickly . 
  saying germany is pretty much irrelevant militarily is a viewpoint is something i can get behind . 
  thinking that the dutch military is somehow relevant then though is simply nonsense, 
  more the other way around and that is due to a multitude of factors . 
  firstly austria-hungary at the time lost the austro-prussian war of 1866 and subsequently the german speaking parts of austria did not become a apart of unified germany . 
  after wwi after the austro hungarian empire was dissolved , the allies barred german-austria from joining germany . 
  just as the netherlands and almost everyone else in europe then ? 
  germany is smaller than sweden, 
  the afd so far cant even decide if they support brexit ... 
  well apparently bombing the countr to rubbles losing a large chunk of territory having more than ten million displaced is not enough having millions dead is not enough to you, 
  well apparently bombing the countr to rubbles losing a large chunk of territory having more than ten million displaced is not enough having millions dead is not enough to you, 
  no clue how to do it on mobile , sorry . 
  maybe do it the next time you are on a normal pc ? 
  it should also be possible if you go to the nonmobile webside via the normal browser on mobile, 
  and a fiscal union means we need a transfer of political power, 
  i am german . 
  we are not in the same sense in a political union as the state of bavaria is in a political union with the state of hesse though . 
  but we are not in a polticial union . 
  i do n't think people thought the uk government did not have a plan . 
  to me it seems absolutely unthinkable that the government did nto have a plan for that scenario ... 
  which is quite funny especially for greece where merkel was a voice of moderation . 
  in the refugee crisis it was also her and the german government that in my oppinion looked to not create a humanitarian catastrophy in europe even if she overestimated the willingness of other european countries to act decently . 
  it would take down the entire world economy not just the eurozone . 
  yes that is right . 
  germany is governed by a coalition of the spd and the cdu the two tradiitonal big parties and merkel is an extremely moderate chancellor which makes her slightly towards the right , but also gets her sympathies on the left . 
  if you have left to right and extreme left is 0 and extreme right is 10 merkel is like at 5.5, 
  why did you turn off your flair btw ? 
  the eu has nowhere near as much power over its member states as the federal government of the us has over the states or as the german federal government over the bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  and sometimes i do n't get why people think that the richer countries in the eu like germany or the netherlands should just give out even more handouts for funzies . 
  i simply do not get why these countries should give away large sums of money wihout getting anything in return, 
  the thing is you also have to sell it somehow to the general public . 
  and tell me how is this different from just handouts to southern and eastern europe and how do you sell that for example to the german general public ? 
  what would hace been the deserved punishment ? 
  murder al germans and dissolve the country ? 
   does texas get any political power in alabama ? 
  then you do n't get any political power either . 
   yes ? 
  they are both subject to the same federal laws , just as my vote has influence in northrhine westphalia eve nif i am from bavaria . 
  then do not ask for fiscal transfers . 
  and how are fiscal transfers without transfer of political power supposed to work ? 
  do you think people will be understanding that their taxes have to be raised because southern europe is in worse shape than us and that we do n't get any political power in return ? 
  i always hear people throwing around `` reform the eu '' , but i get the distinct feeling that lots of different people mean lots of different things by this . 
  what do you think should be done ? 
  yeah that is how the whole system is set up that you can only change it by working together, 
  but that was before the eiffel tower was built, 
  right but it sometimes goes against the sense of justice of some people to not convict when they are convinced a crime was commited . 
  honestly i am really happy we have professionals for this and nor jurys, 
  merkel is only the third chancellor since 1982, 
  there is very little chance merkel wo n't be chancellor another term . 
  no , but there are a number of people that the voice of the alleged victim simply counts more . 
  honestly i 'd rather have some rapists not convicted then people that did nothing wrong convicted because of false accusations . 
  there most likely wo n't be much or any change other than the afd and probably also the fdp being in parliament .
