  this is also for obvious reasons only looking at west germany, 
  well germany still spends the fourthmost on military in nato . 
  i would hardly call that reducing expenditures for 0 . 
  but also 30 years ago the need for a decent military was just a lot bigger . 
  well both the gdr and the frg had massive numbers of foreign soldiers stationed on their territory . 
  you want the wehrmacht back ? 
  and people coming to germany because the other countries just decide to funnel them here is fair game ? 
  that countries like greece or hungary straight up ignore their duty to register those people first is ok ? 
  i am comparing a referendum that votes on abandoning basic rights to another referendum on abandoning basic rights . 
  if you want you could also replace it with a referendum saying that people ca n't publish writings on the communist era . 
   but when local referendum in slovakia took place 93 percent of people voted they dont want refugees , then government should listen . 
  and when you get a referendum that says we should exterminate all muslims we should do that aswell ? 
  there are boundaries what can and can not be done , that 's why we have constitutions , that 's why there are things such as universal human rights . 
  and from those hotspots how do we move on ? 
  distribute them ? 
  and what are the better alternatives ? 
  well i certainly did n't get that impression . 
  i did ( for example in g\u00fcnther jauch on sunday ) and i did not get that impression, 
  in germany the difference is that in the south ( bavaria , bw ) the unemployment is the lowest slightly below 4 % . 
  the 10 % high is mostly in former east germany, 
  no but i am having some issues with my spacebar key . 
   i thought so . 
  but i call hypocrisy on one hand showing the moral superiority and on another working with the countries and solutions that you criticize ( e.g. 
  fences , turkey & human rights , etc ) . 
  i do n't see it that way . 
  see this is more about critizing hungary 's decision to close the border and entirely and put a fence is one thing . 
  i think most people get at least by now that you have to reduce the flow of refugees somehow , just not with the specific solution of a fence and turning everyone down . 
  also people may not like to work with turkey , but it 's just a matter of the fact that they are very important in that issue . 
  you do n't have to like the people you do business with . 
  for austria the mos recent numbers i could find were in december were 56k . 
   germany as a economic superpower is a very strong magnet . 
  willkommenskultur just magnified the attraction ten fold . 
  that 's why i am saying that unless it is publicly denounced and you go full denmark for example , you will still be the migrant magnet of the planet . 
  well that simply wo n't happen . 
  i think germany willa ctively workto reduce the flow but not saying that we ont take in people, 
   so if hungary and austria do the same thing but austria agrees with germany on the `` german solution '' austria is cool and hungary sucks ? 
  btw : wan na bet that the 160k distribution will never be implemented ? 
  the point is they did n't do the same . 
  austria also took in massive number of people ( the same number as germany per capita )  sorry to say , but as long as you do n't publicly denounce repeatedly the #wilcommenkulture there will be a strain on your country . 
  otherwise , as i said in other posts `` you welcom 'em , you keep 'em '' . 
  you know there was already a prediction for 800k people for germany before there was any statement or willkommenskultur ? 
  yes and as old as adenauer was when he was first elected chancellor and we know that he was chancellor for fourteen more years . 
  he is also still a sharp mind, 
   he got anger issues source ? 
  if tomorrow were elections we would have the same government and merkel as chancellor . 
  i think if merkel was for some reason not an option the cdu would field sch\u00e4uble and we would get sch\u00e4uble as chancellor . 
  i doubt people have a problem with him being rather old . 
  he still is not that old that he would die in a few years and seems to still have the energy to do it . 
  sch\u00e4uble is as old as adenauer when he was first elected chancellor . 
  he is also the most popular of these and i think the only one that could rally people behind him, 
  sch\u00e4uble was brought down in the donation scandal . 
  also do n't forget that it was sch\u00e4uble that made merkel generalsekret\u00e4r of the cdu . 
  maybe her predecessor sch\u00e4uble, 
  if you measure it with that in 2005 and by the same in 2015 the methodology does not have an impact ... 
   and hungary did ? 
  no but hungary declined any responsibility  sure thing . 
  but letting people cross 7 borders in order to apply for asylum in germany is not . 
  well the rules set up in the eu that they have to apply there and have the asylum processed there were/are ignored and we can also see that it does n't work under strain, 
  uhm in the article ? 
  have you even clicked on the links ? 
  the second one explains the methodology . 
  also you are applying your own definitions aswell . 
   and im not even talking about people who get unemployment benefits despite working , cause their work just doesnt pay enough ( yes , we have those in germany as well ) . 
  and those are not unemployed because they are employed as you said, 
  it 's not like austria had much of a choice because letting people apply for asylum is their right according to the geneva convention . 
  nobody said anything against sending those back that get decined , but you can not deny them hte application . 
  also as for the solution with turkey at least here on reddit you see a ton against that . 
  have you seen the outcry over the 3 billion that aresupposed to be paid to turkey ? 
  these are the official numbers . 
  alternatively here : http://www.bpb.de/politik/innenpolitik/arbeitsmarktpolitik/54909/arbeitslosigkeit-messen?p=all different numbers because differently measured, 
  [ citation needed ], 
   kindly reminding that merkel asked us to do it to `` avoid a humanitarian catastrophy '' when you had 4000 people marching through austria . 
  yes nobody denies that it was necessary because the hungarian system was in desolate shape , but apparently that was just interpreted as `` send everyone to germany '' . 
   see above with the humanitarian thing . 
  also ask the same question to greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia and austria . 
  definitely , tho i can get austria as they are already taking in a lot of people ( just as many as germany if you account for population )  funnily , the current solution is much closer to hungary 's original proposal . 
  also i/hungary do n't consider the initial `` european solution - aka let 's distribute everyone '' a solution at all . 
  then what is the solution for those people coming to apply for asylum ? 
  just send them back and ignore things like the geneva convention or the eu charta of human rights ? 
  neither do i and as you say people are running fine . 
  unemployment is signficiantly lower than 10 years ago , economy is running fine, 
  then why does hungary not accept any refugees according to the geneva convention . 
  also how is funneling refugees from one country to another not pushing the burden on that other country . 
  what i would have liked if hungary worked closely with the rest of europe towards a solution where there is not only a handful countries taking in the vast majority of refugees and not only pushing the problem on the other countries . 
  it is not , but the people coming to europe are our problem because well they are in europe, 
  and makes it worse for other european countries . 
  then whats the point of a fence like hungary 's other than to deflect the stream of refugees and push the burden onto other countries ? 
  that countries only want to rake in the benefits , but not share responsibilities . 
  so basically europe , but only when it suits you ? 
  so you think that pushing the entire burden on a few countries is a solution ? 
  as much as i do n't like bild it still is the most read paper in germany . 
  also they had a polling agency do these polls, 
  well to be fair the csu is very big in bavaria even tho they lost a lot of votes recently ( they even lost absolute majority in the landtag ) . 
  the csu only got half a milllion votes less than die linke or the greens, 
  really the only candidate that could challenge her is sch\u00e4uble in her own party , but i would be shocked if he pushed for that . 
  and in general erdogan has faced a much bigger opposition . 
  keep in mind that before the refugee crisis took off merkels number were a lot higher . 
  also if leaders have to take somewhat unpopular decisions in times of crisis of course their popularity will sink, 
  demaizere has no chance in my oppinion , he has to bad of a reputation with how his ministry handled the refugee crisis in the beginning and then recently when the football game was cancelled his press conferenece where he said when asked about the threats that he would n't answer because part of his answer would unsettle the population . 
  also sch\u00e4uble still is the most popular politician in germany and one of the people i would say could be chancellor .
