  i am and still it has been 25 years and i still feel like it is coming up all the time . 
  so was a quarter of current germany . 
  oh and poland annexed another chunk the size of the gdr and expulsed the german population, 
  i have family like this aswell tho my grandma has a fiery hate for russians . 
  she had to flee from the russians twice once in 45 from the area around lodz and then later fleeing from the gdr shortly before the wall got built, 
  i bet germany and the soviet union would beg to differ, 
  is it just me or do a lot of poles live in the past ? 
  hell ww2 was 70 years ago . 
  i see no other country mentioning ww2 or how much they were opressed so much . 
  yes , but the premise was without nato . 
  also keep in mind that the us basically is nato 's nuclear power . 
  most other nato countries ca n't do that much, 
  still russia could make a parking space out of turkey . 
  maybe turkey could hold its own if russia was not using nuclear weapons tho, 
  what you call pr speak is usually called diplomacy, 
  so you demand the harshest response possible and then say that snot what oyu want ? 
  invoking article 5 against russia would mean full scale war and that could very well mean tha nuclear weaponry gets used, 
  so you demand enourmous retaliation which to me means an invocation of article 5 of the north atlantic treaty against russia and unleashing the nuclear arsenal, 
  nato does tho, 
  i would n't say so . 
  saying that most men are not required to be explicitly taught to not be a rapist seems very sensible to me . 
  overall i find his entire blogpost fairly reasonable or at least raising valid concerns , like that people inclined to commit rape wo n't attend such meetings . 
  really what is the purpose of such a seminar ? 
  still compare the polish economy to the german economy and there is a big difference . 
  50 years of scoialism do n't just go away in a fortnight, 
  i would ask you to be precise . 
  there has been one polish cosmonaut : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miros%c5%82aw_hermaszewski, 
  yeah let 's release nuclear armageddon because an airplane got shot down . 
  makes total sense . 
  well i would think that if you want to see news from the perspective of the russian government for once it might be useful to check rt. 
  also they quoted the russian miniter of defence . 
  do you think they will tell other news agencies sth different ? 
  you also all share a common history and a language . 
  if anything i would say the us compares better to germany . 
  the quota system was a necessity as a result of the refugee crisis . 
   the refugee crisis did not start in late august when merkel `` invited '' everyone . 
  weeks before her `` invitation '' , the federal agency for migration and refugees already estimated 800,000 asylum seekers for 2015 . 
  and many , including me , did not believe these numbers , because at this point we had just gotten 200,000 asylum requests . 
  and according to eurostat 746725 people requested asylum in the eu in the 12 months before the end of q2/2015 . 
  q2 ended way before august . 
  so you would have prefereed to create a humanitarian crisis in greece or hungary ? 
  also every country has agreed to the eu charta of human rights and the 1951 refugee convention statutes and those allow these people to apply for asylum . 
  also on a sidenote even if i am tired of explaining this : suspending deportations under the dublin agreement is not against said agreement it specifically mentions that starting a new asylum process is a possibility . 
  being a federalized union also simply odes not work when there is such big economic discrepancies . 
  you could probably combine austria , germany , france and the benelux states into a federation and that would work reasonably well , but throwing in countries like grece or poland just breaks the concept, 
  why do the poles sound so whiney so often on this sub . 
  you are a country of 40 million . 
  stand up for yourself and stop living in the past, 
   everyone on reddit was scolding him for building a fence well not on / r/europe . 
  people were celebrating him, 
  for once its not germany fearing closer french-russian ties !, 
  i literally said that central europe is not a geographical term, 
  uhm what uprsing has been there in belgium . 
  when have there been armed conflicts between flemish and waloons ? 
  it is for the most part a term of political history . 
  it does not really correlate well with the geographical center of europe unless you set the border of europe significantly further west than at the ural mountains . 
  if you set the border of europe at the border of russia it kinda works tho, 
  but central europe is not a geographical term for the most part . 
  it is easy . 
  western europe = west of the iron curtain ; eastern europe = east of the iron curtain . 
  also i have not really heard people talking over germany , austria or switzerland as eastern europe, 
  and in countries like belgium or switzerland there are big minorities and these countries are peaceful . 
  in germany there are more than 3 million people of turkish descent . 
  in canada you have a large french speaking minority, 
  i just wanted to point out that it is to simple to just blame the west, 
  hm maybe it was because i never heard of patrick hernandez or born to be alive before, 
  but there have been states that have been pulling strongly towards either end of the spectrum where western europe generally was more in the middle leaning towards capitalism, 
  well the bodycount of the soviet intervention in afghanistan was higher than 1 million aswell . 
  i am not sure if you are joking or only referring to france , but in germany that tarted earlier mostly in the aftermath of ww2 and the atrocities commited then, 
  i think that depends on how you define socialism . 
  for example the system in germany as social market economy is somewhere in between not strictly a capitalist nor a socialist economy ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_market_economy ), 
  well in the 50s -70 s the ideoligcal battle between communism and capitalism was a lot more in full force . 
  in the english speaking world they were mostly labeled as baader-meinhof group . 
  raf was already taken, 
  the thing is you can not preemptively arrest people . 
  there is ministry of pre-crime, 
  i am not sure why they are not letting people from eritrea for example pass , but people from the countries mentioned in the op are already the majority, 
  well lets get him a planeticket there so he can experience how there is no war, 
  do n't forget amazon and mcdonalds, 
  economic migrants for the most part , not refugees, 
  you pick a group to spy on based on their religion or their political beliefs . 
  how is that not exactly discriminatory action, 
  the afd is nowhere near where the greens polled though . 
  the afd only is barely above 10 % when the greens were starting to close in on the cdu/csu, 
  well th public in germany generaly suports taking in refugees . 
  so well if spying on ordinary people and this is not discriminatory , you also support spying on all citizens ? 
  also nobody says anything against monitoring known extremists but monitoring everyone just based on eligion is discrimination based on religion . 
  for example if we said we monitor everybody voting for the afd that would be discriminatory aswell right ? 
  but they are more likely to commit hate crimes and they are also more likely to hold anti constitutional views . 
  see the constitution applies to everybody thats why these rights are called basic rights, 
  nobody wants refugees . 
  gladly for you there is a giant fucking ocean between the middle east and the us . 
  people just try to make the best of people coming here . 
  well islam is simply the third most common religion in germany ( after catholicism and protestantism ) . 
  we have had a significant amount of muslims here for decades . 
  why would n't they belong here ? 
  he is spying on people based on religious belief . 
  how is that not discriminating against them ? 
  actually i have n't been able to find a source outside of wikipedia either ... itneresting, 
  are you telling me it is a bad thing that germany does not have to pay transit fees to ukraine anymore ?
