  if you wanted to be accurate today the iron curtain would make a significantly better dividing line . 
  well central europe , or mitteleuropa , was historically used to refer to the areas of austria-hungary and the german empire . 
  there is a reason why this map shows alsace-lorraine as central and not western europe . 
  the issue here is that central europe did not exist really annymore after ww1 and certainly no longer after ww2 where we had west and east only, 
  central europe on this map is pretty much exactly switzerland + austria hungary + germany around 1900 + the rest of now poland + the baltics . 
  especialy to the south-east it is exactly austria-hungary, 
  and then what should we do with people that genuinely get asylum in your oppinion ? 
  and do what with people coming here applying for asylum ? 
  so say the german populace wanted the jews out of the country . 
  is the problem then the politician that speaks out against the wish of the populace to have all jews out of the country or is the problem the wish of the populace to want all jews out of the country ? 
  if a majority of russians and crimeans believe that crimea should be a part of russia is it then the ukraininan politicians speaking out against this that are the problem ? 
  you also still have the problem that it is fairly easy to shape the oppinon of the populace from a position of power as seen for example in the recent brexit vote . 
   nice semantics . 
  however , that does n't change anything : merkel herself opted to make it a german problem , instead of bringing countries like greece and hungary before the ecj for any percieved violations of the dublin regulation or parts of it . 
  right because the idea was to help hungary and greece to alleviate pressure and buy time for a united solution , but that united solution just never happened . 
  we would have also had a massive humanitarian crisis at our hand in greece and hungary had we not taken measures . 
  i only hear people saying that redistribution is not a good solution . 
  the dublin system does pretty obviously not work . 
  what is a good solution then ? 
  why ca n't people not be a problem ? 
  ignore supreme court rulings ? 
  that 's tremendous consolotain when our own countries get nuked !, 
  well then but that is what our govenrments have been doing ... 
  that 's just not true . 
  look at the graph of arrivals : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_time_asylum_applicants,_eu-28,_january_2015_%e2%80%93_march_2016.png those statements from merkel you are referring to are from august right before the arrivals peaked . 
  it is only too strong if you take it out of context like this ... 
  so like a deal where we send turkey money and in return they look to not let people travel on to europe maybe ? 
  well merkel did not suspend the dublin regulation . 
  if anything the dublin deportations were suspended ( as also ruled by the german supreme court ) which is well within the boundaries of the dublin regulation . 
  if anything greece and hungary broke the regulation by allowing people to travel on , but overall the dublin regulation was just no longer feasible at that time . 
  also the eu proposed systems to introduce tighter checks at the eu outer border , but the thing is why should italy , hungary or greece want tighter checks when that just means that they are going to be stuck with these people ? 
  this is the reason we need a redistribution system or another successor for the dublin system before we can consider the outer borders, 
  and is n't this exactly the followup question if then the correct course would be to go towards less europe rather than more europe if the people are not on board ? 
  also what do you think have the people understood and still reject ? 
  edit : i also do n't think he regrets these words if he thinks they are true . 
  he will not run for president again anyways, 
  and then do what ? 
  sink their boats in the mediterannean ? 
  abolish the right to asylum ? 
  and these unemployed could move to germany . 
  matter of the fact is that many do n't though . 
  and yes they are only supposed for the duration of the war . 
  that may take years though . 
  yeah we should have just deported them back to greece and hungary under the dublin procedure ... 
  but oh wait our supreme court ruled that unconstitutional because thesee countries did not / could not provide appropriate shelter ... 
  dude you linked to the fucking interview go read it yourself ... 
  oh yeah starting a war that would very likely be fought with nuclear weapons seems like a tremendous idea, 
  you even link to the full speech , but do not bother to read even the passage the video quotes ? 
  talk about taking things out of context ... 
  he is talking about the idea of an ever closer more intensive europe , where he saids that are things we have to mend and improve where we have to discuss anew . 
  he says the problem here is not doing that with the elites , but rahter with the ordinary citizens . 
  he then says `` are you really afraid of no longer being polish or british ? 
  are you being stripped of your national identity ? '', 
  you think its better to have them sit around on benefits ? 
  you could also draw a different comparison : you loaned out money to buy yourself a new house and a new car , now you get into crisis and you earn less on your job and the bank increases the interest . 
  i am so kind and help you out and loan you money so you can pay your debts with the bank on way better conditions . 
  now you tell me you ca n't pay me back so we give you more time to pay . 
  then you come and you say you have a great business idea and you just need some more money and me to forgive you some of your debt so you can finance it . 
  at this point it seeems better to me to just cut your losses and not sink more good money after bad . 
  austerity also is not necessarily poison . 
  look at my country we also went through long austerity and we are doing well now . 
  look at ireland if you want . 
  also yes i am not happy with how the greek crisis was handled . 
  there just should n't have been a third bailout once tsipras walked away from the negotiating table . 
  we are pouring more and more moeny in an endevour that ultimately wo n't work out . 
  and yes the primary goal of containing possible contagion has been achieved anyways . 
  and of course if you start to cut sending during crisis it will get worse , but there simply was no more wiggle room to increase spending . 
  spending was already far far too high . 
  you simply can not live on borrowed money forever and just make more and more debt . 
  the austerity measures also managed to reduce the greek government deficit to a more managable level . 
  it was ultimately greek government policies that made such tight austerity measures even necessary . 
  how was the greek government planning to consolidate its spending without cutting it ? 
  they did not manage to crack down on tax evasion certaily . 
  so the greek state fucked up and navigated itself into a bankrupt state . 
  and now to prevent greece from fully going belly up the rest of the ez lend greece money when noone else would . 
  now that 's not enough . 
  should we like raise a greek tax in germany to pay for greek fuck ups ? 
  yes that is the point of a bailout to make it possible to pay for the debt you incurred . 
  seems very much working as intended to me, 
  oh it surely is nice when you are the one receiving all the money . 
  not so much when you are on the side of those that would have to bankroll mr. varoufakis, 
  and what was his right idea ? 
  that the rest of the ez should just forgive greek debt ? 
  how do you sell that to german tax payers that get preached that we have to save at home ? 
  how do you seel that to estonians where the average income still is significantly lower than in greece ? 
  and i though hungary was so much in favour of retaining the dublin system ? 
  it looks/looked a lot like the uk wants a lot more than a mutually fair deal though . 
  yes german exports increased and german trade balance went more and more positive . 
  at the same time intra ez trade is close to balanced . 
  germany introduced reforms to increase competitiveness . 
  we had wages stagnating for quite a while , but it did pay off in the end . 
  spain or italy did n't do that . 
  germany has coped very well with the financial crisis . 
  it is just our crisis in the early 2000s that you still see in cummulative growth, 
  i do n't see that in the post 2007 graph . 
  it 's just that german growth from 99 until 07 was a lot slower , where we had our own crisis, 
  do n't the russians have espionage sattelites for such business ? 
  activism . 
  also i guess a dislike for muslims ? 
  no that would not be comparable because these territories were never american , while crimea had been russian and later soviet since catherine the great,
