  and gladly those people are just that . 
  opposition . 
  you do n't have to convince me of not liking the left ( as in the party ) or the ideological wing of the greens . 
  and of course it is also a difficult process , but the point is that even if it is difficult it is getting started and we are slowly seeing some reasults . 
   speaking of opposition parties : i have no idea how politics at the state level and national level interact in germany , but i hope the newly formed coalition in berlin is not going to be a blueprint for co-operation of those three parties in the bundestag ... ( which currently do virtually have a majority ) that would mean everything will most probably be reversed . 
  spd , greens and left do n't virtually have a majority in the bundestag . 
  they have a majority and yet the spd went for the grand coalition also because they promised to not enter a coaltion with the left . 
  i do not think that this will be as much a nonoptino this time around , but there is still considerable opposition even within the spd and some of the greens towards forming a rrg coalition . 
  i really do hope that this wo n't be the governmetn next year , but at this point that seems highly unlikely , also considering that gabriel , the spd chancellor candidate , is part of the more conservative wing of the spd , said to favour grand coalition . 
  one thing you also have to consider in german politics that the left ( the party ) is a lot stronger in the former east than in the west . 
  right but the electoral college can fluctuate a lot on quite few votes . 
  this ca n't happen in germany as elections work differently . 
  for example if florida goes from 51 % clinton 49 % trump to 51 % trump to 49 % clinton that is still very close to what the polls got , but the result is completely opposite . 
  right and i would n't rule out a left wing govenrment being possible , but still the us and the german political environment are not really comparable , and clinton did win the popular vote . 
  it is not like polls were ridiculously off . 
  the gap in germany is also just significantly bigger than the gap between clinton and trump ever was . 
  afd wo n't get a government . 
  they 'd need to quadruple their voteshare for that and that is just completely unrealistic . 
  merkel was critical of hungary for choosing an unilateral solution , just passing down the problem effectively and blocking a european solution . 
  germany also did not accept millions of refugees , germany had one million people come here , who wo n't necessarily get their asylum claim approved . 
  also all the attacks ? 
  that was the first larger terrorist attack germany has seen . 
  yeah no she is n't , but i do n't think you are really interested in changing that oppinon . 
  you just have no clue of grman politics, 
  you are advocating a left wing government if you are advocating a non merkel government . 
  if you do not know that you are oblivious to how german politics is . 
  god read up first !, 
  you prefer a solid left wing government ? 
  seriously ? 
  you want those open border idiots in power ? 
  more likely you simply have no clue of german politics, 
  we have seen new arrival numbers plummet . 
  we have seen the turkey deal , we have seen the deportations picking up . 
  we have deported people to afghanistan . 
  real actions are happening it just takes a while to implement and the asylum offices are horribly understaffed and a chunk of the german states and cities are in not nearly as healthy finances as the federal government . 
  yeah , just that that does n't line up with how polls have been over the past months . 
  the cdu has been recovering and still is by far the strongest party . 
  also the cdu talking about increased security measures is hardly anything new ... 
  it is kind of ironic to have an american put the collective over individual freedom . 
   it is but it needs more punishment if they do not stay where they are supposed to be . 
  no right of free movement for them . 
  and also get as little in all countries as they would get in the poorest country participating in the redistribution . 
  any redistribution scheme is pointless if you do n't limit freedom of movement i agree . 
  i disagree that you have to give everyone what they would get in the poorest country . 
  that is simply not going to work . 
  you ca n't live on that in germany and it would also be unconstitutional . 
   here i would not distribute anyone without a final approval . 
  no probability or anything . 
  ok , maybe the ones with higher probability to another hotspot but still no free movement . 
  see and i see that this is good if you are not under extreme pressure with hundreds of thousands of people . 
  at that point that simply is not feasible . 
   also stop funding of frontex if they continue to bring them in and also punish countries for not protecting their outer borders enough . 
  ok fine we can fine greece , hungary and italy for not properly registering people and letting them get out disregarding that they literally ca n't . 
  as for dealing with countries they come from there you have to make deals with countries like turkeys and yes you will need to make deals with dictators . 
   ideally i would enforce a system where they even have to register outside of the eu if they want to enter . 
  does it really make a difference if these camps are closed off in italy or greece or somewhere ( where ? ), 
  outside of europe ? 
   if they misbehave this is automatic reason for deportation to the country before they entered eu . 
  that will be hard legally to do . 
  you also need the countries they came from to agree . 
   if the other country refuses , still do it as nobody should fuck with the eu and get away with it . 
  put pressure on them and revoke all support . 
  no money or support for them until they play nice and by rules dictated by us . 
  so full on power politics . 
  then you lose a lot of highground demanding russia to stop intervening in crimea for example though . 
  in general you will see more countries resort to pure power politics and i am really not sure the eu should want that . 
  well if there is no reunification we can also safely assume that the iron curtain did n't fall or that there was some form of military intervention by the allies in germany in 1989/1990 , which was highly unlikely . 
   you can not do that unless you lock them up somewhere !, 
  you can do that only temporarily and only if you have a proper plan what to do with the people in the midterm . 
  you do know how the hotspot concept was supposed to work ? 
  you gobble up everyone in these hotspots , distribute those who have a high chance of approval and deport those that do n't . 
   no i just want people screened before they are let go / allowed to enter the country to move around freely . 
  then i do n't understand what the issue is with the hotspot/distribution concept . 
  i want that tool  so my proposal is the us way of detention centers until everything they say is verified . 
  the get shelter and food and nothing more . 
  that still has issues with scalability . 
  that works fine if you are only dealing with a few thousand people , but on the scales we have seen you need to apply some form of heuristics . 
  honestly a lot of what you want seems to be very much in line with what the concept of hotspots and redistribution entailed ... 
  well preventing people freely roaming through europe was always at the core of such a proposal . 
  abolishing asylum ( this is what you demand here i think ? ), 
  was never part of it . 
  well that is rougly , what this system does . 
  for example be employed building the road financed with eu funds that he can then drive on ? 
  it would also solve the problem with poor eastern states because these are still under soviet control and wo n't be part of the eu . 
  what makes you think that these people would not emigrate if there was no eu ? 
  all countries encourage immigration of skilled labourers, 
  i mean i guess she is a leftist if you put her on an american scale . 
  then again seeing hillary clinton as somewhat left wing seems unrealistic from a european point of view, 
  yes definitely and there also was a time where western-russian relations were better . 
  well r2g has a majority in the current parliament and they did n't go for it . 
  and honestly i doubt that that will have a majority and even if it somehow got it i would doubt that that coalition would happen . 
  for comparison in current polls r2g is about where cdu/csu - fdp is and nobody thinks that coalition realistically is going to make it ( and of course r2g is also what i really do n't want to see so consider that bias ) . 
  edit : also campaigning for reducing austerity in southern europe is political suicide for the most part in germany . 
  there are more people that feel like germany was not hard enough than there are those that feel like germany was too hard . 
  do n't take that for granted . 
  a lot of people are not really interested in politics and then it is easy to not really know the guy . 
  honestly charisma might be nice , but above all we need a competent leader and one that decides rationally . 
  and i think merkel is at least trying that even if i might not always agree with her . 
  of course , but it still is confirming a trend that the cdu is recovering . 
  the poll numbers went up pretty consistently over the last few months .
