  if he stays with that point he will not get elected . 
  the german population is heavily against eurobonds and this is a dealbreaker . 
  what you describe would be a default . 
  well it just does n't do anything ? 
  the creditors simply do n't have to accept that and while they ca n't do much about the credit they gave they can make sure that greek wont get any new credit, 
  then syriza should have acted upon the referendum they staged and have looked to leave the eurozone . 
  what share of the people working in luxembourg actually live in luxembourg and not in the border countries though ? 
  well but then these people generally do not have german citizenship here at least . 
  i do not believe the netherlands are following ius solis or are they ? 
  there is no right to assembly for foreign citizens in germany . 
  the relevant part of the basic law cites `` all germans '' . 
  a large chunk do not have german citizenship, 
  that would be kinda like saying that it is not feasible to retake silesia and pommerania but that as a german one ca n't give up on these territories ? 
  that is madness . 
  if treaties limit the size of the military to the point that a good chunk of people do n't get drafted conscription is pretty stupid though . 
  right and who is in command ? 
  then you have to abolish the 2 +4 treaties probabtion on limiting the size of german military though because if you indsicrimantly recruit men and women at 18 that will go over 370 000 soldiers easily . 
  if you have a foreign hostile empire right on your border with constant threat of war having conscription makes sense . 
  that said the cold war is over , so we do n't need it in germany . 
  well german certainly seems more useful towards the average czech to me than spanish , consdiering that more than half of czech borders are towards german speaking countries . 
  even if there are more spanish speakers in the world , interacting with border countries seems more likely than going to south america . 
  then again spanish is still more useful than latin which is what i learned ... 
  well if you ever intend of doing more than just a little conversation with germans you will have to speak german . 
  and no not every 15-40 yo in germany speaks proper english . 
  far from it . 
  you just do n't come in contact with those that do n't . 
  basically if you want to work in germany you will have to speak german . 
  i would also disagree that german is dead . 
  you can get pretty much whatever in german if you want to . 
  that is why a lot of germans also speak only sub par english . 
  there is the problem that job openings ca n't be filled in germany . 
  right now there are roughly 1 million unfilled openings . 
  unemployment in germany is also regional . 
  in the south you have singificantly lower unemployment than in the east . 
  may i ask how common it is to learn german in school in the czech republic ? 
  no i am not very knowledgable . 
  the area seems far too large to feasibly provide rescue capabilities everywhere within even just hours . 
  that area is like the size of the us and canada combined at least . 
  what kind of helicoper would even have that range ? 
  these are the kind of distances that would also still take long with fighter jets . 
  and going 5000 km with a boat also takes days at least . 
  from the bottom line to the top is roughly 8000 km ( i used port harcourt , nigeria and bear island , norway as reference ) . 
  from west to east it is roughly 6000km using tenerife , spain and basra , iraq as reference points . 
  edit : looking at this again bear island might be too far south . 
  they cover like 15millionsq km + ? 
  i do not think germany 1932 is an example of that going well though . 
  it is a problem in germany because you just need german for pretty much everything, 
  and why do you believe the country would suddenly get away from a trade deficit ? 
  you can also get a job with barely above basic german . 
  just not a high paying engingeering job . 
  and where do you believe the national health insurance gets the hard currency to buy these ? 
  how good would be my employment chances in ireland wihout speaking english/irish even in great economic times ? 
  and what would that accomplish ? 
  not like the debt will go away by doing that . 
  and that is the problem . 
  you need to speak german well to find employment in germany . 
  and why would the creditors agree to that ? 
  or just die if nobody can afford medicine . 
  so they 'll just stop importing things ? 
  how well does your friend speak german ? 
   the bad czechs taking jobs from germans !, 
  i do n't think that having not enough jobs is a problem especially in the border regions . 
  the alternative was not to give greece any more money and have greece leave the eurozone and cut the losses . 
  there has been little indication that greek politicians are willing to implement real change . 
  every single change has only been possible with the gun to the head . 
  newspapers are also not dishonest and i do not think german news coverage was bad , but do you not see why people do not find it great if politicians are willing to spend billions on foreign countries when money for the people themselves is always tight ? 
  how do you believe the danish people owuld have reacted if you told them that billions of kronen had to be spend on bailing out greece , while there is always little money for the danes themselves ? 
  so you believe merkel just going against her own party and against the german population could have somehow worked ? 
  how ? 
   trump win , brexit and schulz candidacy could lead to merkel ditching the technocratic approach to governance which would be very welcome . 
  and instead ride the wave and crash greece out of the eurozone ? 
  basically refuce any more money given ? 
  or what do you imagine ? 
  why would you think a measured technocratic approach should be wrong ? 
  sch\u00e4uble can not prevent draghi from doing anything though . 
  it is draghi that is in the drivers seat for monetary policy and if that policy has been good is debatable at least . 
  like someone that speaks a really thick german dialect . 
  if you ask for just schnitzel that one is the default . 
  the other one is a j\u00e4gerschnitzel, 
  but nobody says that in germany, 
  of course . 
  you have to be somewhat used to these speeds . 
  but honestly if you go to a racing track and try out high speed driving without having a clue how you will also just wreck your car . 
  yeah then fuck being cool . 
  there are enough places where you can have fun legally . 
  right , but you can absolutely drive say 160 + relatively safely in large stretches and doing so just for fun is not something i consider wrong as long as you know what you are doing . 
  even if you are going faster . 
  you can absolutely drive fast responsibly . 
  well my car doesnt go any faster than 180kph anyways so not really an issue . 
  but yes of course if you want to drive to the very top with some cars you should go to racing sites . 
  that said you definitely can drive 240 on the autobahn at times and on some stretches . 
  but then there is still the issue where you draw the line . 
  for example german nutella contains more cocoa than french nutella and french nutella is sweeter . 
  is french nutella now inferior to german nutella ? 
  if the product in germany has 80 % meat and in romania it has 55 % meat then it is obviously not the same product . 
  it may be the same branding , but it is not the same product ( just as french and german nutella have the same branding ) . 
  i do simply not see how the eu is supposed to deal with this aside from a lot of deciding for every single case because even if it is not always the case regional taste exists . 
  and we have and had those same reduced sizes in germany too . 
  that is hardly unique to hungary . 
  there is a reason prices also have to be displayed per 100g or per kg .
