  much of what the eu iss trying in financial politics ( eurobonds , the eu wants to protect all savers depostis up to 100k $ and not leave that to the states ) or what the ecb is doing is much to the detriment of germany . 
  accumulating more and more debt when that debt almost blew up all over you also deoes not seem wise . 
  the ecb is barraging every other form of investment though . 
  if everything but stone is unreliable and unprofitable lots of people invest into houses which causes rents to rise and housing prices to bubble up . 
  no i did not say that you should lift the sanctions . 
  i just said that i do not think expanding the sanctions especially on the energy market is a wise move . 
   the minsk agreement relates to the donbas exclusively , why would that dictate our approach to the sanctions ? 
  russia 's actions in ukraine are not restricted to the donbas and the minsk agreement certainly does not do enough to address that . 
  because you need to base it on something and that has been the minsk agreement . 
  you also just factually have an ethnic russian majority in crimea . 
   indeed it would n't be painless , but the alternative is allowing a militaristic dictatorship destabilize our borders ( as he 's doing ) and sponsor nationalist anti-eu political groups ( as he 's doing in everyone from la pen to trump 's advisors ) . 
  these things are not directly connected . 
  you wo n't get that funding to stop if you impose further sanctions . 
  you certainly wo n't get the states bordering us more stabilized like that you rather destabilize the situation by destabilzing the russian government . 
  it does not matter if i do n't like putin , we have to make the situation work with him . 
   there 's no if , that 's completely disingenuous of you . 
  the worst case scenario is the russian economy and state collapses which brings it 's own set of problems , not that europe 's massive , stable economy with trading partners on every corner of the earth could stand sanctioning russia gas and oil exports . 
  the worst case scenario is a nuclear war . 
  the issue is not that it might be impossible for europe to handle it , but that it is pretty scary to punsh a person in the face that has a gun pointed at your head . 
  we ca n't just sweep into russia and defeat it . 
  cornering russia is risking war in my oppinion . 
   no , it does n't . 
  the goal has to be a statement that this is not 1916 and that europe will not allow belligerency on it 's borders . 
  this is our land and we need to make sure hostile states make sure that we will protect ourselves and our interests . 
  this is not our land . 
  there is war in ukraine and as far as i am aware there are no military alliances with ukraine . 
  i think we just fundamentally disagree what `` make sure that we will protect ourselves and our interests '' means . 
  if that was the goal and not about morality it seems like the rational consequence would be to drop crimea . 
   this is a major problem today , an abject inability to draw a hardline in the sand . 
  jingoistic quasi-dictators like putin have made a living taking advantage of precisely that good faith , and we are lessoned by it . 
  so you draw a hardline and then what ? 
  it is a fact that europe is not willing to stage a military intervention in ukraine against russia , not willing to risk ww3 and rightfully so in my oppinion . 
   that 's a false argument . 
  moscow has been strongly promoting this ideology since putin came to power in 1999 . 
  it 's a core pillar of his ongoing administration . 
  right , but that still does n't mean that this would not reinforce that ? 
  is n't the ultimate goal to have good relations with russia and the russian people again ? 
   that 's also a false argument . 
  moscow has been escalating conflicts since it 's support of militaristis in abhkazia instigated the georgian conflict and rubber-stamped that policy with the invasion of ukraine . 
  we are at fault for not realizing this belligerency sooner and taking a hard stance against it . 
  this is not about peace at all costs , this is about a peace worth having . 
  and because moscow is escalating conflicts we ca n't escalate conflicts ourselves ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  and if i am completely honest i do value peace more than a little peninsula in the black sea full of ethnic russians . 
   because we stand for something . 
  we stand for the rule of law , for the protection of rights , for the defence of ourselves and our allies . 
  for the freedom of people to criticize those in power and within the bounds of the law take action against them . 
  this is about creating the kind of world we want to live in within our borders , which means taking a stand against beligerents when they sponsor disturbances and war right at our very border . 
  i just value our security a lot higher han the prospect of taking a hard stance against russia that ultimately wo n't accomplish much in my oppinion . 
  also kiew has n't been exactly cooperative or implementing the provisions of the minsk agreement rapidly . 
  there was only the period from 2009-2013 where the spd was n't part of the government since 1998, 
  so then we assume this is a non issue , but would n't even if that were the case only serve to escalate the conflict further ? 
  would n't this risk forcing russia 's hand even further ? 
  would n't this ultimately risk drawing europe into a war against russia ? 
  these at least are my concerns and that is even outside of the economic damage the sanctions cause in europe . 
   not for us , and we 're the ones who implement the sanctions . 
  as far as i am aware the critical part so far has been the minsk agreement and that does not include returning crimea to ukraine . 
   other sources ? 
  most nations started a massive diversification effort back when this all kicked-off in 2014 yes , but that does not mean that these countries do not still rely on russian gas . 
  germany may get more than half its gas from the netherlands and norway , but that still leaves a rather large chunk we get from russia . 
   russia completely depends upon the eu energy market and europe depends on russia . 
  and even if europe could stomach sanctions i do not think a path in which the goal is absolute victory can be right . 
  the goal has to be a compromise and foremost safety . 
   sanctioning it would send a massive and un-spinnable message to the kremlin about how destabilizing actions on our borders wo n't be tolerated . 
  it also creates a stronger us vs. them mentality and forces moscows hand to act potentially escalating the conflict further . 
  why does europe want to raise the stakes , why does europe want to escalate the conflict further ? 
  but do you think it would be wise in the current situation for estonia to sanction russian gas transfers then ? 
  creating sanctions that hurt ourselves as much as russia does not seem like a good idea, 
  well the ecb is trying to fuel it the best they can ... 
  becaue he was asked i think . 
  journalists kinda do expect answers if they ask you a question . 
  well crimea is a done deal and returning crimea is n't a prerequisite for sanctions being lifted . 
  also how are we supposed to target the energy market ? 
  a market where a lot of countries in the eu are very much reliant on russia ? 
  where else do we get gas from ? 
  take insa with a grain of salt . 
  they always get afd higher and cdu/csu and spd lower than al the other pollsters, 
  the amount who makes ? 
  it is surely not the ordinary german . 
  it is also not the bail outs that cost us it is the ridcilously low taxes that make it impossible for people to save for old age, 
  because there is a large part ideology in it . 
  the european idea is something the german government is and has been commited to for a long time as an ideology even if it may not have been the best for our country . 
  our leaders have been commited to find a compromise solution and to fight for stability in the eu . 
  and you hear a significant amount of criticism to what the ecb is doing , which i think is best described as reckless, 
  and which reforms should our government bring ? 
  the german government ca n't force stability in germany when that is so much reliant on stability in the rest of europe . 
   ( 1 ) weaker economies , like greece , keep the euro down . 
  this makes german goods very attractive externally ( as they are high quality and the currency is relatively cheap ) . 
   german exports were already doing very well with the d-mark . 
  also germany is not an exporter of goods you buy because they are cheap  ( 2 ) likewise , the free-trade area allows germany and other net exporters to conquer markets internally as greece with its poor industries can not use protectionism to foster its own industries . 
  just look at how fiat have faired pre/post euro . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  if anything it lead to the trade balance within the ez converging . 
  germany is close to balanced in trade within the ez . 
   ( 3 ) the ez allowed greece and others stupid borrowing powers it never should have had . 
  greece went from offering 25 % on its government bonds to single digits overnight . 
  well investors thought germany and other countries would pay in the end and we did . 
   ( 4 ) the crisis in 2008 onward is a crisis of neo-lib capitalism and ez bureaucracy . 
  weaker economies could issue bonds at lower yields ( implying safer investments ) and dutch , german and french banks bought them up like a drunk fish-wife at a shoe-sale ( since they could n't rely on higher yields for their investment , they over leveraged ) . 
  when american capitalism screwed up with the sub-crime crisis , all of a sudden europe was caught with live grenades in their hands as portugal needed greece 's bond money to pay for spain 's which spain needed to pay for france 's ... etc.
