  also i would certainly say germany is doing fine geowing at 1,6 % . 
  obviously that nu , ber seems very low but we also uave to look at inflation which is below .5 % making the growth an actual growth . 
  10 % growth at 8,5 % inflation really wouldnt be better . 
  yes germany from these is also the only one that is doing well economically which is why austerity makes sense for germany while it maybe doesnt for france , portugal or spain . 
  the fiscal cycles just do not align . 
  also fiscal policy in gneral is still a national matter even in the ez ( whether that is a good idea is debatable ), 
  well the german government doe simply not have the mandate to set fiscal policy for the rest of the union , we have to follow a fiscal policy that makes sense for germany, 
  isnt it the core of anticyclic fiscal policy that you spend on debt in bad times but also actually pay back in good times ? 
  germany isnt making fiscal policy for the eu but rather for germany, 
  well the greek bailout cost significantly more money ... 
  it is just something that appeals to a lot of people . 
  people do n't like taking debt themselves and also a lot of people do n't like the notion of living at the expenses of their children and grandchildren who will have to pay back the debt . 
  also is n't it kinda the point of anticyclic fiscal policy to make debt when the economy is stumbling and pay it back in good times ? 
  yeah starnberg is in the munich cluster there . 
  well an exclave is a bad place for an economic centre and the communists controlled the rest of the city and the surroundings . 
  also why does berlin need to be the best region in germany ? 
  it is also located within the most structurally weak areas in germany . 
  no the richest district by purchasing power is actually starnberg . 
  yes , we win !, 
  well it was an extremely limited print run of around 4000 copies . 
  those immediately sold out , already simply because lots of libraries buy these and also private collectors . 
  it is also interesting that you read so much more about this in the english speaking press than it matters in germany . 
  no the difference is that you have to pay in in germany in general to receive benefits and because germans also get denied benfefits this way it is not discrimination against other eu citizens ... 
  so you propose to not rescue people if they sink ? 
  really ? 
  i would say most of the people that i went to school with were at least conversational in english , then you also obviously have outliers like a schoolfriend of mine that learnt spanish in publi schools for two years and then had very little trouble being in spain for a gap year, 
  you do n't even need english if your native language is big enough . 
  a lot of ressources also exist in german for example . 
  no it is supposed to be a joke . 
  maybe you are a german like me though and as such not good at this so called humour, 
  austria and the rest of the countries that decided together to lock greece in, 
  these people would still come though and while i agree that you should deport economic migrants i still think you shhould n't strip the right to apply for asylum that easily . 
  see for example 20 % of all turkish asylum claims in germany get accepted ( which in absolute numbers is low , but still ), 
  i doubt safe ziones inside syria would work because i doubt the eu wants to actively become a bigger playiner in the syrian civil war . 
  also you still have issues with people coming from outside of syria . 
  syrians might be the majority but the number of non syrian migrants is still quite sizable . 
  well greece and the european unity are apparently things these countries are willing to sacrifice, 
  yes temporary but for an uncertain time . 
  the problem is that what do these people do if you do n't try to integrate them ? 
  do we really want to have them create subsocities ? 
  do we want them to resort to crime because they have no other prespecitves ? 
  i agree that housing people in 4 star hotels is bullshit completely . 
  that said not trying to integrate those people seems like an even bigger nightmare because that would in my oppiniondefinitely lead to an increase in crime . 
  i mean is n't that kinda the fucking point of having these inteligence services ? 
  when the people arrive , usually in bavaria , they get redistributed in germany across the states according to the k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel . 
  then people get into emergency shelters first and these have been sports halls in part . 
  then we look to send children to school and teach the people german in general . 
  having a bunch of people without perspectives of a future sitting around and nothing to do is a recipe for an increase in criminality . 
   the first thing is to guarantee safety and then school to children and work to other poeple if possible . 
  refugees can take part in taking care of the camp . 
  so it would be like a small city with all kinds of normal every day activity . 
  i agree with that just that it would n't be a small city . 
  you 'd need a city at least the size of helsinki probably larger and building that is an economic nightmare and it also leads to ghettoization . 
  it is pretty ridiculous how germany as one of greece 's big enemies in the debt crisis is now greece 's biggest ally in the refugee crisis, 
   purchase and forgive huge amounts of greek debt . 
  like purchasing the majority of the debt ( that was done ) and suspend the debt payments thus decreasing the debt ? 
   or publicly encourage them to leave the euro/eu and default well our finance minister got shunned big time for suggesting that, 
  push them back where ? 
  greek military ships ca n't enter turkish sovereingn waters willy nilly, 
  it is at leas ttsomething the v4 accepts as a cost tho ? 
  and what do you do with the people until the war is over ? 
   but all those regions are german . 
  you already have a multicultural country that was united by common history and the language , and unlike the current batches of migrants , they have culturally compatible roots . 
  a country united by common lanugae yeah that is what created germany . 
  as for common history it is somewhat similar to germany and the netherlands having common history aswell . 
  for most of history germany has been made up of a lot of smaller states . 
   look up the history of the holy roman empire . 
  you are sitting in one of the most culturally richest and influential region of this damned planet , do n't give me this yeah-but-life-gave-us-lemons crap . 
  i know , but not a common culture not distinctively german for the most part . 
  also the hre was relly not a state not much more than the eu at least.also the hre had a lot of modern countries in it outside of germany like the netherlands , belgium , luxembourg or large parts of modern day polands or the czech republic for example, 
  yeah and you wo n't get prosecuted in germany either unless you go and say lets meet up at 5 at the towns squarea and beat up some rapefugees . 
  and the allies also smote down german austria tring to join the german empire, 
  and what happens with people in these camps ? 
  where do you take the area for that ? 
  you 'd need a city tiwce the size of helsinki, 
  does that sympathy also pay for camps and pay for the workers there fund schools for people and ensure a humane treatment of people ? 
  and then what ? 
  what do you do wiht people in these camps ? 
  because then you still have people in europe and a lot of countries just do n't want to take in refugees ... 
  and how so ? 
  you ca n't pull vehicles back into international waters from greece simply because there are none, 
  and what is the cultural and religious identity of germany ? 
  a religous identity does n't even make that much sense for a country that was literally sliced in half by reformation . 
  germany also is more a lose concept historically than an actual state . 
  the german state only exists since 1871 and even in that state german austria was n't included due to the german duality and the war of 1866, 
  there is no such thing as german food . 
  german cuisine is entirely regional . 
  yes german culture has been highly influential in european history , but what does `` german '' mean even ? 
  it certainly does n't mean german speaking people anymore . 
  germany is the youngest country of the big influential countries in europe, 
  so how would that fly if i would try to talk about the erasure of german culture in the annexed territories post ww2 ? 
  it seems more to me like they are relaunching with actually liberal policies rather than just a business party , but we will have to wait and see, 
  nothing at all , but i see a problem if you want to force young women to be stay at home moms rather than go working if they want to do that . 
  i also think that growing up with a single parent is better than having parents that are just fighting the whole time . 
  i think this should be very much everyones own choice . 
  i support women that want to be stay at home moms and i support them if they want to work , but i think that should be up to each their own and marriages also just do n't always work out . 
  and which army will man the towers and order soldiers to shoot trespassers ? 
  which navy will sink boats trying to reach europe with disregard for human life ? 
  well unlike these people you are free to leave to any other eu country, 
  countries mostly are unwilling ...
