  so what has been plan to pay for this ? 
  also why would you introduce measures that make companies more hesitant to hire when unemployment is a larger problem ? 
  i was pretty sure that was the case too , but that is probably due to poles just keeping coming . 
  not just in the west ... 
  yeah and on what is nick clegg basing this claim ? 
  this reads like it was based on his dreasm, 
  let 's establish the dictatorship of the proletariat . 
  glorious communism !, 
  trump is already meddling openly in internal european affairs . 
  if schulz were to get elected sch\u00e4uble would be out, 
  you dont have any clue what an invading force , is, 
  so basically commit murder ? 
  right , but foreign policy is the domain of the federal government and merkel is heavily in favour of the sanctions . 
  if the states with a left leaning government are against it they may articulate that , but over all they are not the ones that decide here . 
  well yes , but that does n't matter too much , beccause that guy is in power . 
  he has the power though . 
  he might not have the backing of the majority of the population , but he is the president and the republicans control the house and the senate . 
  the us and russia are also not natural allies like the us and eu , but if the us is eyeing russia what choice is there for the eu ? 
  it is also not the eu that is antagonizing the us here . 
  it is the us taking steps against the eu . 
  the eu is one of the biggest players in international trade already . 
  the eu also is not really more populous than the anglosphere . 
  as far as i am aware germany has been the country most opposed to the way the ecb is conducting leading to the currency dropping . 
  canada seems rather tied to the us simply by geography . 
  if you want to go this level then it is much more the soviet union that maintained peace in europe . 
  the eu is what is keeping western europe together . 
  it was n't even british for a hundred years . 
  seems like the only major country that is absolutely in favour of the sanctions is germany, 
  keep in mind that education is a state matter in germany so 16.4 bn is so low due to that . 
  for comparison bavaria alone spent 11bn on eduction and culture . 
  that was the point of letting people into germany , that was the point of creating the turkey deal . 
  the problem is that this just buys time and countries still refuse to cooperate, 
  well the deal with turkey was only created because a chunk of the eu member states just refused to cooperate on the matter . 
  and how does that solve anything ? 
  what is the difference between having these camps in italy or algeria ? 
  we still have no plan on what to do with people that get granted asylum and the eu member states refuse to create a new system for that . 
   we really have to set up a strong coast guard in the mediterranean with extraterritorial collection points . 
  which member states are still against this ? 
  uhm none . 
  the issue is about what you do with the people you collect . 
  well one side here clearly has more leverage than the other and the eu has proven that it is unablem , and its member states unwilling , to create a deal among themselves, 
  germany is spread quite a lot . 
  just a lot of area got defined as metropolitan . 
  my own hometown technically belongs to ffm metro , but is otherwise your generic smalltown an hour from frankfurt, 
  she was judged under juvenile law . 
  and 6 years is exactly what prosecution actually asked for . 
  actually that was increased to 15 years . 
  i would actually guess rather high . 
  https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1803 this is the section for murder in the german criminal code ( translated into english )  ( 2 ) a murderer under this provision is any person who kills a person for pleasure , for sexual gratification , out of greed or otherwise base motives , by stealth or cruelly or by means that pose a danger to the public or in order to facilitate or to cover up another offence . 
  no , the factor is like 1.08 for all of france and 1.26 for european france, 
  texas is about the size of france . 
  a bit bigger . 
  uhm you really got no clue of german politics if you believe that, 
  and fascists can be voted in democratically . 
  also nobody advocated a one party totalitarian state . 
  not even the nazis up until they did it . 
  he also campaigned on a tough on china stance and now has enacted policy that only strengthens china . 
  somewhat more lenient than the current government i would suppose . 
  his policy would be signifciantly more lenient though because he pretty much can only win chancelorship because he can only get elected with the help of the far left . 
  to be fair looking at what would happen were we to directly elect chancellor only has very limited relevance because we are not voting directly for chancellor . 
  is n't it a fair assumption that everyone has such a device considerin that you can also get that via internet ? 
  do you know any person that does not have a pc or a smart phone or a tv or a radio ? 
  more like the spd decided to not break the promise to not enter a colaitoin with the linke . 
  i doubt they would have won a majority of seats without that promise and the left also did not win a majority of votes . 
  is n't that ironic ? 
  those are from communist days . 
  you also have them in eastern germany , similarly like all the turks live in western germany . 
  nowadadys this of course moved , but you can still se it . 
  well if that is true it should be easy enough to verify would n't it ? 
  it matters in the sense that germany is more relevant to russia than russia is to germany ( which is only part of the truth of course ) which gives germany a decent negotiation positon . 
   currently , the greek debt is at 180 % of the gdp and they pay an annual 7 % interest for their 10y bonds . 
  which is pretty irrelevant considering that almost all of greek debt is not in these bonds ? 
   assuming no bail-out special interest rates , they would have to pay each year 12.6 % of their gdp just for the interest , without paying any of the principal . 
  this is not possible to keep in the long run . 
  which is why there are the bailout interest rates ? 
  these bailout interest rates already pose a signifcant cut in debt . 
  right not impossible . 
  still unlikely . 
  well of course he will get a position . 
  maybe foreign . 
  how many more would you say ? 
  well , but i happen to agree with it . 
  also the spd made that bed for themselves when they had to enter a coalition with the cdu and they knew full well what that party stands for in regards to finance policy . 
  as for `` our treatment of greece '' i guess you are glad that merkel softened that blow well below what the populace and parts of her party wanted ? 
  well of course if for some reason they gained like 15 % of the vote for the spd , which frankly is just unrealistic . 
  and he carried the policy himself . 
  they might not have advocated for it but they sure did vote in favour of it . 
  the reason it exists is because you have a large majority for it in the german populace not just because of sch\u00e4uble . 
  you 'll need to go to somewhere other than reddit for that though because you simply wo n't reach enough people through reddit . 
  they call the capital ljubiljana in germany , but laibach in austria . 
  that is like the only example of a city that is always called differently in austria compared to germany . 
  and you do know why the spd is so hated by much of the left ? 
  because of these reforms which i will give them were good . 
  but they were also fundamentally not what the spd is about . 
  are we really going to downvote actual discussion here just because of some memes ? 
  the race is close only if you calculate it to be close . 
  right now you are looking at 40 % vs 54 % which is still a large difference and while afd will not support any government they will still stop rrg . 
  even just union + afd are sitting at 48 % . 
  no chance at all really . 
  that would also be extremely uncommon in germany considering there has never been a german parliament where one party governed alone on the federal level .
