  i was nitpicking because you said korea . 
  take it a bit more lightly mate  germany also has amongst the highest living standard in the entire fucking world and there is no reason to believe that this will deteriorate , well unless you count demographic change or a cataclysmic event , but that is things a lot of countries are dealing with . 
  also you compared germany to these countries and saying that canada or australia are much poorer countries than germany is ridiculous, 
  how would you feel if iraq were to charge the wife of the portugese ambassador with adultery and stone her ? 
  because you could use them as leverage otherwise ? 
  well if the family of a diplomat was not under immunity aswell you could easily leverage that against them too . 
  and saying diplomatic immunity only protects from accusations of non violent crimes you open up a ot of potential for abuse . 
  and better than most of europe puts germany into that group ? 
  well i guess korea is divided . 
  germany certainly is far better than north korea and in my oppinion also better than sk, 
   after chancellor angela merkel said last year that germany would welcome refugees , boats started swarming in by the thousands . 
  the greek government , in the midst of an economic and political crisis , was woefully unprepared even the new york times propagating this bullshit ... 
  if you look at arrival rates they peaked right after merkel 's statement after rising rapidly for month , then fell off . 
  the problem is it takes more time than that to even see the expected effect ... 
   the metric is the 2 % goal and the population of the nation which is a rough guideline and nothing more . 
  there has not been a nato treaty on it . 
  it is not legally binding at all . 
  i also know that nukes are the last bastion of deterrence but also the biggest one . 
  and no of course if putin were to go just after the baltics we probably would not see the conflict going nuclear . 
  well at least not with strategic nuclear weapons . 
  but again what is the fucking point of having a larger military ? 
  you have to discuss the core of the military doctrine in germany something which has been done completely insufficiently since the end of the cold war . 
  to me the german army is in some kind of limbo where it is not supposed to be intervening anywhere ( as definied in the constitution of germany ) , but there is also no longer the direct threat of having the warsaw pact right on our border . 
  there is a number of people that are against any foreign deployment at all . 
  this is also not about me . 
  i would personally not be opposed to increasing military spending and creating a more powerful army , one that can also be sent abroad , but i am simply not in the majority here . 
  this is also a huge political minefield . 
  no party or politican wants to be seen as warmonger . 
  the problem is much more an ideological one and that people do n't want to be sent abroad, 
  by which standard metric ? 
  what speaks against germany sharing some of its military with the netherlands ? 
  also what do more tanks and more aircraft do when the bundeswehr ca n't hire enough personel to man them ? 
  and more importantly what are these supposed to be used for ? 
  also germany will never have the second largest or rather second most important military in the alliance simply because it is not a nuclear power , while there are three of these in the alliance . 
  you are also judging the german military ( however shitty it is ) based on tasks it was not supposed to be doing . 
  what is the point of bunker buster bombs if the goal is exclusively to defend germany ? 
  right , but you can also fight wars without eliminiating each other with icbms, 
  the issue is that the us military has vastly different goals than the german military for example, 
  to conttrol the bosphorus strait . 
  if the bosphorus strait would for example get under russian control they could deploy their whole black sea fleet across the mediteranean . 
  turkey is also right on the verge between europe and the middle east . 
   so we can attack others for their internal politics , but we can say shit about the members ? 
  so as long as you 're a member you get a free pass ? 
  is there a limit to this free pass ? 
  of course you can attack and critize members for their politics , but ultimately that is not terribly relevant to nato in most points . 
  nato is a military alliance . 
  nato is built on common foes a lot more than on common values and to provide stability . 
  we do n't enter a military alliance with russia because side trusts the other and there is a history of enmity between the two . 
  the same goes for china and iran . 
  strategic location is a very important thing . 
  it 's not natos job to handle how its members do their politics . 
  it 's a military alliance it is not like the eu ... 
  no i meant that more like we already had the crisis regarding those nukes , but i guess if russia wanted to escalate the situtation it could always do that, 
  no of course not ... what makes you think that ? 
  making predictions for what happens in a few decades really is no more than baseless guessing, 
  right and ahead of that the us moved nukes to turkey and italy . 
  nukes in turkey were made combat ready in april 62, 
  hey at least it 's still better than in most of europe and far better than in most of the world, 
  i 'd be somewhat vary on insa polls . 
  they at least always hit the lowest end of variance for merkel 's approval and the cdu/csu votes in general merkel is usually polling a bit lower than 50 % approval which still is high just not as astronomically high as it once was . 
  cdu/csu are still polling around 34-35 % of votes . 
  right now everything is looking like the government will just stay next year, 
  why ? 
  would you say that islamist terrorism did not exist before the refugee crisis ? 
  it is true that islamist groups try to recruit refugees , but the phenomenon is not new ( which is almost exactly quoting merkel ), 
  what would nato gain from that ? 
  why specifically aviano over one of the other bases where us nuclear weapons are stationed currently ? 
  nato nuclear sharing is not just a rumour and we already had one cuba crisis ... 
  it 's the first gold ever in womens beach volleyball in germany at least . 
  in fact it is the first time the womens beach volleyball earned a medal, 
  because in a democracy you have to accept parties with extreme oppinions up to a point , with that point defined in the constitution . 
  it was tried to forbid the npd but so far they have failed . 
  estonia and greece have a far lower gdp though, 
  to be fair the difference here is that these people made it personal with his father . 
  certainly not good , but i can at least understand it . 
  i do n't think he would have done that if it was just about a political disagreement ( which also the other excerpts you linked to are ), 
  did n't central europe just get split between western and eastern europe though ? 
  could n't you even argue that central europe already took a huge hit after ww1 with the dissolution of ah ? 
  well should deutsche fall ( which i think is fairly unlikely at this point ) it willl not be only germany that is in trouble . 
  it is listed as one of the systemically important banks . 
  it struggling also does not really have an impact on german economy . 
  it causes the dax to be lower because deutsche lost a lot of value but not much outside of that . 
  i also just wanted to make sure that you know that deutsche is a private bank , because from the name of it people could think it has a connection to the german state ( in fact deutsche bank predates the german state ), 
  deutsche has been struggling recently . 
  note that deutsche bank has no connection to the german state . 
  and how do you draw the connection to unskilled low education labourers that do n't speak the language ? 
  i never mentioned any of these . 
  of course people that do n't work do n't ease the pension system that 's pretty obvious , but still having working immigrants can ease the pension system, 
  i think people might associate you with nazis because you appear to be pretty damn racist . 
  just a guess though ... 
  you missed your opportunity to call him a jew ... 
  you know i have never voted anything but csu in my life ? 
  if i somehow occur to you as a zealous leftist you might want to reasses where you are politically . 
  also immigration is a feasible way to reduce the skew towards retired people . 
  do you dispute that this is usually an effect of immigration ? 
  a somewhat large russian minority and a lot of far right that are very much pro putin . 
  the afd simply has beee gaining weight . 
  right . 
  honestly i do n't think i wil get anything out of the pension system ever . 
  i 'll work and pay for it , but when my parents generation retires the system will fall apart .
