  ignore our constitutions ? 
  i am serious . 
  it is a fact that a redistribution scheme is not working and that without such a redistribution scheme it will be very hard to set up a system where you check people at the border of europe, 
  and now can you tell me why greece or italy would want to partake in such a solution if it means that every person that gets accepted will have to be provided for by the italian/greek state ? 
  for a large part turkey just let syrians freely roam the country . 
  turkey also does not recognize syrians as refugees and is not a signatory to the 1967 protocol, 
  they did not vanish after the expulsions . 
  they vanished due to the expulsions , but also in part because they were already resettled to germany under hitler, 
  pistorius is minister of interior for lower saxony . 
  i was not trying to be funny . 
  i guess i should have put an / s there ... 
  still i do not foresee their being a solution easily for this . 
  yeah mowing down unarmed civilians seems like a great idea !, 
  why do n't we decapticate them with swords ? 
  isis has some nice videos that show how its done ... / s, 
  to not grant them the legtimacy of calling them a state , but isis it is the name people know it for . 
  german media does the same . 
  would n't the german sek units correspond to us swat units ? 
  the gsg9 for example does act also outside of germany . 
  probably the most famous deployment of it was 1977 in mogadishu, 
  staatspolizei is one word in germany . 
  british humour being more funny to you might be due to you speaking english significantly better than german . 
  oll orders will be obeyd witaut kwestschn, 
  well a quarter of germany had little to no english education up until 25 years ago ... also you do n't really need english in germany anyways . 
  what would you really need it for ? 
  because people are fleeing from civil war . 
  if you do not think we should give shelter to people fleeing war then that 's on you , but i think that is wrong . 
  and no it is not an open door policy draining areas of working aged men ( also of women and children , but whatever ) it is that there is war going on there . 
  in the syrian civil war which side do you think people should have to fight on ? 
  and having them get bombed out or pressed into service by isis is better ? 
  because the uk , france and the us do not take in the refugees and someone has to, 
  i agree with your points , but what was the alternative . 
  our government tried to set up hotspots on the greek and italian outer borders , but we know that this ca n't work without a scheme of what to do with approved refugees . 
  i do not want to turn europe into a shithole . 
  and also people without legitimate asylum reasons ( as in the geneva convention and the basic law ) should be deported anyways, 
  yes french is an official language of the eu . 
  so is irisih , latvian , maltese and german by the way . 
  the eu has 24 official languages, 
  the 7th biggest city in france is a minor provincial town !, 
  stra\u00dfburg already has a large university , according to the university homepage more than 46k . 
  also really cool that a french university has a german version of its homepage !, 
  in democratic institutions the biggest states should also have the biggest weight as they represent the most people . 
  and for transfer payments to be viable you need a transfer of political power . 
  but that is not because its volume of exports dropped ( it actually rose ) , but rather because the euro massively reduced interest rates on greek bonds allowing greece to easier import more , which leads to a more negative trade balance . 
  greece was n't an export nation when they had the drachma either ... 
  2 % is a guideline and certainly not a requirement . 
  and what should happen after that limit is reached ? 
  its not that i didnt see the uk as part of europe . 
  it is more that i literally idnt see it when i looked at that exact page, 
  that is pretty problematic from a realpolitik point of view because that would massively increase the number of asylum applications . 
  how many of those 12 million displaced in syria would be applying for asylum in europe if they could easily do so and possibly even be flown out ? 
  you ca n't read peoples minds if they have a legitimate claim to asylum . 
  you have to investigate that and the way the system is set up currently that happens within the states . 
  so if you are getting prosecuted in your country and the police has stripped your passport you ca n't flee anymore ? 
  merkel is a lot of things , but not an ideologue . 
  and calling merkel an extremist is absolutely ridiculous . 
  i guess trump is very moderate then ? 
  we definitely should have avoided the eastern expansion of the eu aswell then ? 
  interesting . 
  i would expect most people that think her refugee policy has been her only good , would also have supported abolishing conscription and the energiewende, 
  i apparently ca n't read and have corrected it . 
  still germany is at least the second largest individual contributor in europe, 
  so it would have been fine by you if the uk let jews be deported back to nazi germany knowing that they might be killed there ? 
  also what the value of people is heavily depends on the context of the society . 
  antisemitism at the time certainly was not confined to germany, 
  so then for example the uk should not have had to take in jews fleeing from nazi germany ? 
  can you detail where these flaws are ? 
  here is the german constitution in english : https://www.bundestag.de/blob/284870/ce0d03414872b427e57fccb703634dcd/basic_law-data.pdf and the geneva convention : http://www.unhcr.org/protection/basic/3b66c2aa10/convention-protocol-relating-status-refugees.html, 
  this is n't about a simple policy change . 
  this is literally about the constitution and also about key international treaties . 
  how long do you think the geneva convention would hold if european states started to abandon it ? 
  and yes people search for easy solution , but easy solutions simply are not there, 
  germany is also the biggest individual contributor in europe to the unhcr ( ok technically the eu contributes more . 
  and yes the cost of not giving shelter to those fleeing war and persecution is too high . 
  we had the dublin system to handle this , but i think we all can see how catastrophically that failed . 
  i also have not seen an exhaustive detailed and lawful plan that does not involve europe taking in refugees . 
  i mean technically you could put soldiers with the required weaponry on the borders and order them to fire on sight ... 
  of course there are more effective ways to protect your citizens , but these may come at a cost we are not willing to pay . 
  in this case primarily our constitution and the geneva convention . 
  as for the quote i do not know the exact german text so i can not tell you . 
  good move . 
  i also think that not writing their full name also helps in the same direction . 
  right i missread that . 
  still that goal is for primary surplus and not for a surplus, 
  i agree , but there are a number of countries that are not interested in moving away from the dublin system, 
  representative democracy is not dictatorship, 
  greece does not have a surplus and certainly not one of 3.5 % . 
  what greece has is a primary surplus which is a huge difference, 
  when did germany bomb syria ? 
   that 's the initial issue , but bouncing back and forth is also ridiculous . 
  why not just fingerprint applicants and then check all new applicants against the fingerprint records ? 
  that is primarily a logistical problem and again i do not see such a system as something that border states would want or at least be incentivized to not register people . 
   it should n't take six months to go through the process again , a straightforward `` we already said no the last time you were here on date x , which is more than 6 months ago , so your deportation is now immediate '' would work . 
  i agree, 
  i was specifically referencing those fleeing civil war ... and we are still looking at hundreds of thousands of people, 
  so people fleeing from civil war are fleeing from shit ? 
  what would you say are valid reasons to flee ? 
  the problem here seems that asylum does not span europe , but rahter stops at borders , but well i guess fairly large parts of the eu do not want the asylum system to span the union . 
  so in your oppinion we should not give one fuck about people fleeing civil war ? 
  no they were from iran ...
