  hunting is highly regulated because the chance of encountering other humans is just very high, 
  see in germany hunting is dangerous people are living everywhere . 
  there are not many uninhabitated areas . 
  for reference canada is about 30 times the size of germany, 
  honestly who is your alternative candidate tho ? 
  there is no party that can realistically challenge cdu/csu these days . 
  so a different chancellor . 
  the only viable candidate i personally see for that is sch\u00e4uble but that wo n't happen unless merkel steps down voluntarily, 
   there is a vast majority that strongly disagrees with merckel that is an overstatement . 
  we still have n't gotten new polls from after cologne . 
  before that people were roughly split on her refugee policies with a slight edge to those that were unhappy . 
  generally the majority still was happy with how merkel handled her job and before the refugee crisis there was very very strong support for merkel, 
  yes because germany 's economy was not nearly in such a good shape in 2003 . 
  overall the economy was struggling unemployment was at an all time high . 
  you are right that wages were slowed down during that time and we had a reform of unemployment benefits to make germany more competitive and i think that suceeded . 
  german wages are also overall not particularly low being on a similar level as austria for example a bit higher than ez average and quite a bit higher than eu average . 
  data from http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:estimated_hourly_labour_costs,_2014_ ( % c2 % b9 ) _ ( eur ) _ yb15.png honeslty one thing i do n't understand that well is why germany is trucking along while it seems like every other european country is struggling . 
  also yes it is hard to tell where we would go but i am certain that germany would be pushing further for european integration ( there is even an article in the grundgesetz ( art . 
  also yes there may be something like the original union , but so far the union mostly grew closer in times of crisis . 
  we can probably not do much more than guessing tho, 
  i think you may look at a rather rare species there . 
  it is called `` german humor '' . 
  touche , i did n't look at your flair/didn ' t recognize it . 
  your country also seized the properties of millions of germans and forced them to leave the country . 
  yeah if you look at bild which is like the sun in the uk for example . 
  you just have to temporarily turn off your adblock, 
  the issue arises if you take away too many options a person might get desperate, 
  no of course not there is nothing violent or immoral , but it still puts a giant amount of pressure on russia . 
  there are two main issues i see with completely stopping trade tho . 
  firstly the eu simply is not independent of russian gas/oil at this point in time and secondly that wwould lead to the russian economy contracting anymore . 
  it basically forces him to continue to be strong or lose face by giving up crimea . 
   i think it would be very foolish , and that 's why i think harsh economic sanctions that basically means the west takes its ball and goes home , would be the right thing to do . 
  the issue i see with that is that even harsher economic sanctions is also a mean of escalating the conflict . 
  i just could very well see that the story of why everything is going down is that the evil west is conspiring against us . 
  i also honestly am not too keen to find out what happens if you corner putin . 
  one scenario surely is that he gives in and gives up crimea and the donbass another one would be to start new wars possibly even starting a war with nato if he gets desperate . 
  i just think putin really is too unpredictable to basically point a gun to his head . 
  is escalating the conflict further really wise tho ? 
  there simply is a point where it is just dangerous to provoke a country with a massive nuclear arsenal that much . 
  also you said that that would push out putin 's regime , but it could also lead to even more support with a strong `` them vs us '' feeling that could lead to more war rather than stability . 
  you do n't even mention the nuclear capabilities of russia , which are a bigger reason than oil or gas to not go to war against russia . 
  angela merkel speaks german , english and russian, 
  and ? 
  i do n't know how many comparisons from merkel to hitler there even were ... 
  i mean belgium was already part of the hre 600 years ago !!, 
   yes , but the silesia then was taken from poland before and spain was never austrian . 
  the piast duchies of silesia existed before poland lost silesia . 
  but there were massive numbers of german settlers in silesia aswell . 
   but could do this : http://wyborcza.pl/alehistoria/1,128607,12397266,herzlich_willkommen_in_lodz.html like the other people from german minority who were greatly inviting hitler into the lands they conquered and were happy about destruction of poland . 
  this poland they lived in and they migrated to looking for a work in textile industry . 
  i ca n't read polish , but i assume it is about the german minority welcoming the wehrmacht . 
  think about it that way tho , if you were a pole living in a polish minority in germany and then the polish army comes to `` liberate '' you would n't you welcome them aswell ? 
  i am comparing performing an ethnic cleansing of jews utilizing mass excetuions to performing an ethnic cleansing of germans utilizing mass deportations . 
  yes people were actively murdered in the holocaust while during the flight and expulsion massive numbers of peoples died incidentally . 
  honestly i do n't want to label it as bad , but i want to label it as bad and a crime against the humanity . 
  it was not as bad as the holocaust . 
  but honeslty saying something was not as bad as the holocaust leaves a lot of space for something being very bad . 
  that 's a bit like saying a country is smaller than canada , that is almost any country in the world . 
  china is huge , but still china is smaller than canada, 
  well and i think there you get the fissure . 
  i am talking mostly about the ethnic cleansing and that that was unjust . 
  i am also talking about the changes after ww2 not ww1 . 
  i also did not respond to stuff that i felt was basically only there to ridicule what i said, 
   i was having a laugh , it 's ok . 
  i understand your idealism , but imagine you 're a londoner in 1940 . 
  your city is being bombed day and night for months , then at night well into 1941 . 
  by 1942 you have lancasters and the americans are bringing b-17s , but nobody 's bombing berlin or koln or dusseldorf , because `` that would be a war crime '' . 
  you 'd probably be pretty ticked  yeah absolutely . 
  i also do n't think it was not justified to bomb germany . 
  i just think it is not justified to bomb purely civilian targets . 
  actually the only thing that really aggravates me is that millions of germans were cleansed from eastern europe and had their property seized . 
  i also probably just have a different view on the whole issues simply because i grew up in a different environment , you mostly learn about the german war crimes and i just hate that people are not talking about the unjust inflicted on germans aswell . 
  i just hate what became of k\u00f6nigsberg for example . 
  you had a deathtoll of 500k to 2.5 mio depending on what sources you take . 
  for me that is mostly about the language , because culturally there is no one thing that is unifying all germans other than the language . 
  it is in general very difficult to properly asses if a territory was german at the time because germany simply did n't exist . 
  the most proper denomination for silesia you could make is probably calling it silesian . 
  neither really polish nor really german . 
  also you repeatedly mentioned the piast dynasty undoubtedly a polish dynasty , but that is also tricky , because for example the habsburger an austrian family held the throne of spain . 
  as for the causes of ww2 it all was fairly difficult . 
  the nsdap for example got its best results in the territories that are now polish . 
  one point though . 
  my great grandma could n't vote for or against the nazis simply because lodz was a polish city . 
  also yes being able to flee is obviously better , but there still was a fairly high deathtoll on those people . 
  somewhere between 500k and 2.5 mio depending on which sources you look at . 
  that is the only tv i consume . 
  then there is he internet . 
   let it go . 
  for the most part , unless pis stirs shit up , poles have let it go . 
  they like germans . 
  it 's fucking crazy if you think about it , but germany is among the most popular countries among poles ( at least until recently ) . 
  do n't ask us about russia though . 
  anyway , life is so much easier if you do n't let the past weigh you down . 
  which is why pis 's crying is sad and counter-productive . 
  i totally agree on that . 
  i would prefer to just live in peace . 
  it is just tiring to see poles bringing up the nazis so often here . 
   i just do n't think that war crimes justify war crimes . 
   most german fantasy ever . 
  i also think here my english skills are kinda lacking .
