  that is the solution that is worked on the whole time , but also the solution that gets blocked so much . 
  has europe stood still for too long ? 
  absolutely . 
  but there is also an extreme amount of internal struggle grinding the process of creating a solution to a halt, 
  i do n't think people are all that worried about immigrants overall . 
  there are still hundreds of thousands regular immigrants coming to germany outside of refugees . 
  yes it is still southern german , at least if you define southern german as south of prussia . 
  i found that most of german tv is pretty much standard german , a bit too close to written german at times tho, 
   i do n't like renzi 's rethoric against brussels sometimes but . . schauble wants to kick greece out of the euro and out of schengen . 
  is he euroskeptic ? 
  what 's the eu ? 
  austerity or free movement ? 
  austerity is a policy and as such it can be argued and changed . 
  free movement is a pillar of the eu and it should not be questionable . 
  sch\u00e4uble is probably one of the most pro european parts of the german government . 
  he also said that he thinks that greece should leave the euro because that would open up the option to have nominal debt cuts to allow greece to rebuild . 
  austerity interestingly is also very popular in germany . 
  having the government look to not create debt is actually popular . 
  also where did you get the notion from that sch\u00e4uble wants to kick greece from schengen ? 
  i think there are some voices that want greece out of schengen simply because the country ca n't secure its outer borders at all and securing the outer borders is seen as a vital thing for schengen to prevail . 
  that is more a northern german thing . 
  i grew up basically in southern hesse ( well technically that is bavaria still ) , and nobody used preteritum in speaking, 
  i had no idea that the super bowl is happening, 
  well the names just stuck . 
  keep in mind there were still millions of people from these areas living in germany . 
  one interesting thing is that ljubljana is called laibach in austria but ljubljana in germany, 
  well threatening because they were trying to germanise the city is just pathetic . 
  they did n't even call it pegida breslau ( even if in germany the german names for the cities are still the names that are used ) . 
  they called it pegida wroc\u0142aw, 
  and no , they did n't call it pegida breslau , but still pegida wroc\u0142aw, 
  do you believe that the prevalence of pedophilia is somehow higher in afghanistan ? 
  how is relevant that the man was a migrant to him being a pedophile ? 
  and greece got billions of euros from germany . 
  i think about greece the same as about vw . 
  both fucked up horribly and both get some help . 
  i doubt vw will get nearly as much as greece but that is just me . 
  just that for greece the money germany gives is apparently never enough ... 
  and why would western european countries want to raise taxes to pay for people in romania to live a better life ? 
  how would the romanian people react if the government raised taxes so people in say egypt could lead a better life ? 
   you already mentioned that you 'd take scandinavia , you forget that finland is already the new sick economy of europe . 
  will you bail out the fins ? 
  you wo n't , you 'll just say , `` oh i want a union without them ... 
  i want a union of equals '' . 
  finland is about as rich on a gdp percapita scale as germany . 
  and yes i think finland would get bailed out aswell . 
   bwahahahah xd 46 % unemployment among young greeks ? 
  an entire generation of people , crushed . 
  yes , but that is not the fault of germany ... 
  one question : do you really demand western europe to set up a programme for all of eastern europe as germany did for the gdr ? 
   see what you are doing ? 
  you are picking the rich countries who do well at this very moment . 
  that 's all you 're doing . 
  you just want to be part of a rich-country-club ; you do n't actually care about europe . 
  i care about creating a union that can actually work a union of equal or at least similar countries where you do n't have to pay for some membersbecause the members are close enough . 
   that 's because you , and german leaders , have put money before all . 
  money above europe . 
  a federal state , a country , can not be built on peace and prosperity because peace and prosperity are not eternal . 
  that is not true . 
  look at how the refugee crisis is handled , look at thow the greek crisis was handled does that really make you think that the german government only cares about the money ? 
  germany is the biggest contributor in the eu and this is never a topic here . 
   a country must be built on nationalism . 
  the only way to build europe is through nationalism at the eu level . 
  making europeans feel european and take pride in being european while holding on to their regional identities and nationalities . 
  instead , you are killing nationalism and trying to base a union on money . 
  you base a country around equals , you ca n't form a country of so vastly different countries . 
   the substance of a federal state must be that germans , fins , swedes and whatnot , agree to bail out greeks and spaniards even if they fucked up , because they are european . 
  if you fail to do that , you fail to do everything else . 
  so the substandce of a union should be that the richer states pay if someone fucks up ? 
  honestly if that is what a union is about why would a rich country be part of that ? 
  the euro is a french project primarily and not a german project ... france tied its consent to german reunification to german consent to creating the euro . 
  the thing is there is no shared fiscal policy to make that sensible . 
  also there simply is too big a difference between the economical situation between the countries . 
  see i 'd have no problem sharing fiscal policy and risk with austria or the netherlands or even the uk , but it wo n't work for greece or portugal simply because the premises are far too different . 
  this is one of the critical problems that the euro has . 
  you have countries of very different economic power using the same currency without a transfer mechanism or a unified fiscal policy . 
  aside from that we already see how well this solidarity is working . 
  as much as i hate it we can bring up the current refugee crisis again . 
  it is germany trying to find a unified european solution , trying to create a solution that does n't only put the burden on greece or italy , but also not only on austria , germany and sweden . 
  i personally think that it would be a more sensible thing to have a smaller area of unified fiscal policy with a transfer union between germany , the benelux , austria and france . 
  i 'd love the uk and scandinavia aswell , but i am not so sure that they 'd want to . 
  you ca n't have a fiscal and transfer union between so vastly different economies at least not with the entire country backing full transfers and accepting tax raises and still east germany cost hundreds of billions ( somewhere between 1.3 and 2.0 trillion and around 100 billion yearly ), 
  the problem with the deutschlandlied does n't only have intention . 
  also from the maas to the memel from the etsch to the belt is pretty big and not really representative of the borders of modern germany , in fact it is referencing germany as it would be with austria as a part of germany ( etsch is in northern italy ) , springing in south tyrol which at the time was still austrian territory, 
  i do n't want to deny that the nuclear reactors in germany were no longer the latest pieces of technology . 
  i also know that some of these absolutely need to be shut down . 
  i think shutting down the reactors that are deemed unsafe . 
  the thing i disagree on that nuclear power is a pretty safe way to generate energy and i believe that you can build them save enough that the risk is absolutely miniscule . 
  we can never rule out a fatal accident , but what we can rule out is seismic activity causing a catastrophy like it did in fukushima . 
  germany is simply not in that seismic active of a region . 
  also if you look at the ines events you will see that there have n't been any ines 4 or greater events in germany and that since 2000 there have been 2 ines 2 and no events higher on the ines scale . 
  it 's a bit like you do n't make nazi jokes in germany ( even tho this is getting less and less strict ) , but i do n't think it is actually that bad when we avoid that kind of humour . 
  you can do that with close friends or via the internet , but it is just unnecesary to make jokes that will be offensive . 
  it just takes a while for people to come to term with that you can make jokes about stuff that caused a great lot of suffering . 
  i wo n't doubt it would be an awful lot bigger issue if the uk were to leave , but i do n't think it would be because of the monetary contributions , but mostly because the uk is a lot more important than hungary overall, 
  i 'll leave those to the english speakers trying to make german jokes !, 
  the afd ? 
  or our government ? 
  or die linke ? 
  depending on what your political position is you may chose !, 
  edit : maybe you prefer the greens or specifically the csu ?
