  and no saying `` erdogan is an asshole and is trying to turn turkey in a dictatorial shithole '' would not be obviously illegal . 
  it would almost definitely not be illegal at all . 
  i do n't know if you have read the actual poem that got b\u00f6hmerman the lawsuit ( that nothing ever came off ) that went far far beyond that . 
  again the law is not black and white . 
  these laws are not clear cut on purpose . 
  well again i think the main difference here is that dw is in english and as such is not trying to cater to any specific audience other than people interested in germany that might not speak german . 
  for me the line is when you are specifically targeting a specific market . 
  if you have a german version of your site for example . 
  this is also a lot about how much of a market share you have in a market whether it makes sense to go after these sites . 
  this would be another reason why something like dw is not an issue . 
  is this a clear cut line ? 
  but the world is not clear cut , not black and white . 
  sometimes judgement calls are necessary . 
  i think as long as such a fine is only warranted in cases where `` obviously illegal content '' is concerned then this is not a big problem . 
  it is also the person responsible for the decision and who that ultimately is is also up to decide . 
  i just see it the other way around . 
  an american company that wants to access the german market and considering that facebook and twitter are localized to being german i think them trying to specifically operate there is quite clear in my oppinion . 
  and if you want to access the german market specifically you play by german law . 
  i think the argument for example for reddit to not be subject to such legislation is much easier to make because reddit is precisely not specifically catering to the german market . 
  it is also simply not big enough here to matter . 
  well not without a company guarantee to pay that fine just in case . 
  still someone at these companies will have to do the job and i do n't think they will find any people to do this without guaranteeing for a possible fine . 
  still i do n't see the point with that individual fine either . 
  i do n't see a legal frame for such a fine under german law though . 
  i would expect that fine to be tied to a persons income in general . 
  i agree that fining the individual is stupid . 
  large fines for these companies are evidently necessary though . 
  pledges and voluntary commitment so far has just been empty promises for years . 
  i think it is unacceptable for these companies to evade german legislation . 
  your rights end where others rights begins . 
  and generally the right to dignity trumps the right to an oppinion . 
  because twitter , facebook and co do n't give a fuck about german law if you do n't threaten them like this . 
  if twitter has an issue with reading german text , they are free to higher german speakers to do the job ... 
  should n't be too hard . 
  it is not the responsibility of the german state to make sure that the business model of twitter is profitable . 
  it is to make sure twitter is acting in accordance wiht german law if it is acting in germany ( and it pretty obviously is ), 
  so you believe someone spreading rumours about you loving little boys a little too much should be legal for example ? 
  and what gives you reason to believe that this is not exactly what will happen ? 
  nazism in germany got completely suppressed and yet there is freedom of oppinion still in germany, 
  and how does ignoring the issue that this is happening in a fairly widespread manner solve the issue ? 
  because they do n't care enough or do n't deem it necessary enough ? 
  i do n't know about yt , but in reddit i do n't think that comes up too often . 
  and reddit did take steps against td dominating / r/all so much, 
   so if there are already laws for threats why is this necessary if not for other reasons ? 
  because facebook is not caring about them at all ? 
  i personally would have preferred just fully going after facebook but i guess this accomplishes the same while being a bit softer . 
  and no i would not think that saying all greeks are lazy is falling under defamation . 
  just as saying `` all germans are overcorrect assholes '' would not fall under it . 
  laws do n't simply end because something was commited on the internet . 
  it might be . 
  a sign saying `` refugees and dogs have to stay out '' in a storefront got the owner a sentence and a few thousand euros fien, 
  that will get you ostracized in your social life , but it wo n't get you into legal trouble . 
  if facebook implements it that way . 
  they could also have human reviewers . 
  they are supposed to review all these posts . 
  if they then could qualify as hate speech is up to facebook to decide . 
  ideally you have reviewers sitting on this . 
  can you tell me how important the christian in the cda is ? 
  about as important as in the german cdu ? 
  ( i.e. 
  not exactly important but they reference christian values occasionally ), 
  that requires the military . 
  and itt will get attacked, 
  so a military intervention in syria ? 
  you cant walk from greece to germany in 4 days . 
  that is impossible . 
  that would require you to make 350 km on foot per day, 
  we will see countries like germany shield themselves from it . 
  if we were to see a situation akin to the one in hungary 2015 this time it is for those countries to deal with it . 
  sometimes things need to get done . 
  and liberum veto systems do n't accomplish much . 
  considering that syrians generally get subsidiary protection and family reunification for those under subsidiary protection got largely suspended , no . 
  do you think doing nothing would have been better ? 
  just watch the eu be paralyzed ? 
  also nothing happened in the end . 
  germany was all for the eu negotiating a deal like this , but the eu got blockaded so germany had to run the negotiations itself . 
  the germans !, 
  that depends where your native german is from . 
  to me swiss german is significantly easier to understand . 
  right and during ww1 on the western front singing about the battle of sedan would not be related to the war at all ei zer !, 
  well then ukraine can bar her entry . 
  i am not sure what that will accomplish though to bar a singer entry, 
  then ukraine should also be banned . 
  they literally won last year with a political song , which are prohibited . 
  eurovision for some reason did not act though for some reason, 
  well yes but it still is reality, 
  and so did a good number of russians . 
  turks usually do n't do so though . 
  a good chunk them actually only changed their surname , but even if someones first name is ivan they will be a lot more accepted if their surname is say m\u00fcller . 
  then again for the russian-germans you do n't see by the looks so easily that they are not german, 
  it is also the same word in german . 
  well a lot of people at least in germany at least . 
  if you look like a turk and have a turkish name then for a lot of people you simply are a turk . 
  most germans also haveno clue of international trade agreements, 
  cdu + spd is mst likely right now , but we are months from election day, 
  because you have to get them to actually vote, 
  simply because the constitution in germany does not carry that option . 
  the only way a federal referendum is triggered is when state borders get changed ( and then only the affected states vote ) as happened in the past when baden w\u00fcrttemberg was created and the fusion of berlin and brandenburg was denied . 
  also for a new constitution there could be a referendum . 
  on the state level ther can be `` referenda '' ( which is not entirely accurate because a referndum and a volksentscheid are not the same in german ) .
