  well unlike germany and austria luxembourg was part of the states that got attacked by nazi germany and not part of the attackers . 
  if russia wants to build settlements in ukraine why not just let them annex the whole of ukraine and make ukrainians citizens of russia ? 
  i just do n't want a more pro russian government in germany and a schulz government will almost inevitably be more pro russian than a merkel government . 
  the issue is not just merkel or sch\u00e4uble . 
  do n't forget thta for a large portion of germans the 2015 bailouts should simply not have happened . 
  there is a much larger crowd supporting a tougher than a loser stance . 
  \u00dceople just dont want a system that just drains money from them , when they were the ones that put in sacrifices to increase competitiveness and are now already paying through a weak euro and low interest rates ( which are seen very negatively in germany ), 
  well as i said i am sure it wont happen , but i dont think having say germany pr japan on it would be entirely u reasonable . 
  same for the unsc, 
  it was also actually part of the anthem of west germany , just not the part sung until 91, 
  i would not he so sure about that . 
  this is extremely offensive . 
  think of it if instead of us flags there were confederate flags instead, 
  well and if you noticed i also pointed out a map of 1648 which is the same borders as the border changing map you linked started . 
  certainly more west than borders were in 39 , but also more east than poland today . 
  the hre was a conglomerate of areas that were largely german speaking . 
  i was also specifically looking at maps that predate kulturkampf and the supression of poles simply because that was before poland got occupied . 
  i told you that i understood if you were putting these for the 1910 map . 
  that 1937 map you listed there is literally a map of poland after ww1 and that shows a german majority for the danzig/gdansk area . 
  this is also entirely not the area i was referring to with `` traditionally german '' areas . 
  it is the area west of that . 
  these were not lands germans acquired in 1939 that i am referring to . 
  it is lands that were german for centureies . 
  i am kinda feeling like you are on purpose trying to missunderstand me, 
  you can look at old maps like this : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7d/holy_roman_empire_1648.svg this is from the peace of westphalia in 1648 . 
  that shows large parts of silesia and pomerania as german territories . 
  you can of course also look at the language map of 1910 , but you could make a reasonable case that in a good part of what is today poland that was due to germanization : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_german#/media/file:german1910.png that said i still would argue that most of the area of what was west of pre partition poland was german . 
  for cities you could look at gdansk/danzig , szczenin/stettin , wroclaw/breslau . 
  because there mostly never were poles in a lot of these areas ? 
  these were simply settled by german settlers . 
  well we had so many people tell us t_d was a parody aswell until it became serious . 
  it is just one i would consider very unlikely, 
  russia only annexed a tiny part of prussia . 
  almost all that got annexed was annexed by poland . 
  well there is no eu state or eu foreign policy or an eu army so of course there are no eu nukes . 
  there is no way there can be and it is countries like poland that are opposing further integration . 
  my impression has been that merkel would have seriously considered not running again for chancellor had there been a good alternative , had times been better internationally . 
  it just seems very unlikely to me . 
  in a somewhat large part of the annexed territory there was not really any polish minority . 
  the french have nukes and the uk has too . 
  the eu is not a military organization . 
  maybe if there once is a eu state , but kaczinsky is opposing that . 
  germany will not build nukes . 
  we simply wo n't not without say unifying with france and becoming a nuclear power through that . 
  the only scenario i could see is if germany somehow became a recognized nuclear power under the npt , but i am sure that wo n't happen . 
  well this article said he critisized the treaty of lisbon and the expansion of powers of the eu . 
  without that further integration there can be no european nukes . 
  the eu has nuclear weapons in that france as a nuclear power is part of it . 
  why the ussr ? 
  the ussr did not exactly annex much of prussia . 
   because it was a throwaway land anyway that was supposed to be taken from germany as a punishment . 
  all the german residents got replaced by russian settlers in a couple years . 
  uhm actually most of the population got replaced by polish , not russian settlers . 
  you not happy with poland getting that territory ? 
  i doubt the poles would ever do that . 
  well you will never get full security . 
  i do not know any good sources for deaths due to coal emissions or rather ones where i do not have the impression that these studies are politically motivated . 
  we might witness another ines 7 incident or we might not , i will grant you that the probability of one happening within our lifetime is higher than the probability of it not happening . 
  we also do know that if carbon emissions do not sink severely climate change will cause massive damage , which is why i believe that coal plants have to be eliminated first . 
  the very core is that we can not generate energy without causing damage and i do not believe that damage from nuclear plants is worse . 
  it certainly is more visible though . 
  what a shocker !, 
  if you dont see any similarities then i believe you areblind or do n't want to see them, 
  well you have to do one thing, 
  more like : hey we want to implement streetview in your place . 
  sure just make sure you complay with our rules on how you have to do it . 
  our place our rules . 
  uh that makes it too expensive so no streetview, 
  it is the same quirks you find in germany . 
  why should the austrian govenrment pay for google to implement austrian law ? 
  if she loses chancellorship she will retire . 
  look at the schulz and td and tel me there are no similarities . 
  like if i go to say gar isch and then to austria the difference is not really there . 
  much less though than if i were to go to say frankfurt, 
  i mean why would you not just speak german in south tyrol ? 
  i mean you wont go to munich or vienna and try going with english as a german, 
  now the question is if you are willing to risk events where there might be like 5 figure death counts ( and in fukushima most people died from the tsunami and not from the plant ) or risk poluting the atmosphere with more and more carbon dioxide and suffer the consequences from that . 
  and what way of safely storing co2 do we have ? 
  just because we cant see it does not mean it does not exist, 
  if you believe this i dont think you know even just the baselines of how the electric grid works . 
  we simply dont have the tehcnology to fully rely on renewables . 
  for example how do we solve the problem of production varying ? 
  but we still need stable baseline production . 
  and coal does that way more damaging than nuclear, 
  yees these bombs are still dangerous att least part of them, 
  nuclear weapons are what underpin european security . 
  that said we ca n't remove these anyways . 
  so poland more relevant than germany ? 
  i think that in the case of alsace there was a concerted effort to make the area fully french and that succeeded in the end . 
  borders are not carved in stone . 
  you can change them . 
  you can change cultural borders if you are wiling to take the effort . 
  people speak english in scotland today . 
  people speak polish today in what was once german teritory . 
  kaliningrad is a fully russian city even if it had a longstanding german tradition . 
  as for austria . 
  i do not think austria is significantly less german than southern bavaria for example . 
  if history played out a bit differently we might have very well seen germany and austria be the same country . 
  go for example to garmisch and then go to the south into austria . 
  the difference is not as big as even between say aschaffenburg and garmisch and those are even both part of bavaria .
