  uhm churchill was certainly not in power 1904 . 
  also 1927 is still before the times of when churchill was in power . 
  i was just having trouble becasue unemployment insurance is the literal translation from german . 
  uhm i am pretty sure that 1883 mandatory health insurance 1884 accident insurance and 1927 unemplayment insurance in germany were before that, 
  muslims = jews 2.0 ? 
  what kind of party are you looking for then ? 
  if you want conservative , conservatives are the reigning party with angela merkel 's cdu, 
  see here in germany recently a new moderate right wing party is on the rise the afd . 
  i do n't think people are silenced , but honestly you can not really be racist for example, 
  well there are taboos everywhere . 
  in germany you can not be anywhere right because of histor . 
  also i do n't think that right wing extremists would be helpful for anyone especially not for europe, 
  ok our courts are really fair in my oppinon as fair as you can expect from a country . 
  that the media are so streamlined is kinda bullshit , but yes people are way more open general to left wing ideas than right wings . 
  you can not be right in germany without loosing your face really . 
  i was talking about the vast majority of the german population not about the german government . 
  i think our government is most concerned with deescalating and trying to get peace done . 
  because trying to negotiate for peace and having a fierce stance against further escalation is bad ? 
  i feel like a vast majority of people rather choose to ignore the issue and/or only look at themselves/our country . 
  this is certainly not germany you describe oo, 
  i do n't see a russian attack against greece , but i could see a string of events where greece could be broken out of nato or at least an attempt for that, 
  sorry if i offended you . 
  i am just exploring possibilitis and you can draw a scenario where the programs fail that want to ensure greece becoming stable and that financial instability might lead to political instability for example when there is an offer for money from china or russia ( but well i doubt russia has that money ) it also seems like one of the targets you could postentially attack from a russian point of view in my oppinion . 
  also please understand that i do n't want that to happen and i want you guys to get out of this , but it is still a possible scenario where it plays out like that . 
  i am also aware that curretnyl probably only a small minority wants that to happen , but oppinions can change with circumstances . 
  this scenario might not even be that likely but it is something that could happen . 
  greece is more financially unstable rather than politically ( and i think you are reffering to greece , looking at your flair ) . 
  if the further programs now fail i could very well see greece looking for other partners into other directions . 
  a good part of our german population is also `` pro '' russia . 
  also i can see why you would n't push sanctions too hard . 
  it does n't seem like a good idea to corner the country with the second largest nuclear arsenal, 
  well two more unstable nato states would be greece and turkey, 
  wait australia is in europe now ? 
  well what are really the options tho ? 
  i would prefer if we did not have to maintain a solid military i would heavily prefer a europe where war is a thing of the past , but sadly this is not reality and i would much rather set a signal that we will fight if necessary , but heavily prefer diplomacy . 
  the big question is what happens if shit hits the fan and i think then you need a military . 
  i can see that it is no longer as important as 30-40 years ago , but still it is necessary . 
  i am pretty sure the vast majority of people do n't want war to further escalate , but just because we do n't want it to happen does n't mean we can ignore it . 
  i think the strongest way you can go against a possible war is to stay strong as nato because that military alliance is still so vastly overpowering russia that russia can pretty much not risk a strike against a member of nato if they have a real fear of full intervention . 
  http://imgur.com/3b7uefp man the maus is intimidating as fuck !, 
  still in a democracy if the majority of the population is against increasing military force military force wont get increased easily, 
  actually i would prefer not having to fight at all . 
  diplomacy should keep trying more and more . 
  i do n't want anyone to die, 
  we already got our own friggin eagle !, 
  hey and we ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ almost won two world wars !, 
  last time i checked my country was still on # 4 gdp , behind us , china and japan and therefore # 1 in europe . 
  you might want to get your flags straight :p man you founded your country after a won war against england and we founded ours after we beat out france !, 
  i will have to disagree with small ( ok in terms of size of the country ) but certainly not irrelevant :p also our english probably often sounds pretty weird because in school you are often tought to speak a more british oriented english while everybody just watches american tv shows . 
  funnily by now my english has a fairly different sound than my sisters . 
  thats because the fucking point of this thread pretty much became to bash on the us ... and it really is an exception . 
  you see a ton of russia bashing here but not so much the us . 
  this is a threat that is pretty much only here for anti-us resentments . 
  if you read a bit more on this sub you will see that the distrust and fear of russia is vastly bigger . 
  firstly that the most of `` us '' despise you seems like a huge overstatement . 
  also the reasons for the us to do it are just still really strong . 
  well we just got this probelm there called democracy that pretty much prevents this . 
  military spending is just vastly unpopular and people do n't want to join the bundeswehr really . 
  well there can be no more soviet imperialism because the soviet union does no longer exist . 
  also it took an insane hit with the down fall of the soviet union . 
  for once becaue that would only cause the dollar to rise even more making us trading way harder and would probably have a definitely negative effect on the us economy . 
  other than that it would be way harder to plan long term commitments . 
  also there would be a ( in my oppinion pretty likely ) scenario where russia would simply use this period of disagreement within nato to push its sphere of influence way further , which could eventually lead to a ww3 , which would definitely force the us to participate aswell , because even outside of nato you are still allied with countries like great britain . 
  also it has the fairly obvious disadvantage of just giving up a ton of the power and influence the us has in europe . 
  i do n't see people not giving a fuck about the us either . 
  there isi doubt , but not to the point where a majority has a problem with the us . 
  also i would guess the more you go west the more loyal people get to the us . 
  i can see tho that the us should not have to carry so much weight militarily ( also a stance the us has chosen on its own , because it makes them the biggest power in nato by far ) , but that the other countries should spend more aswell ( the us spends almsot double what gb spends who are second in terms of % gdp ) , but really speaking only in absolute numbers is not fairy considering ( and this is something you are pretty proud of i would say ) how much of an economic superpower the us is, 
  i do n't think russia could invade a member of nato without some further political maneuvering or at least i hope so . 
  the question is if you would want to destabilize europe like that . 
  and that there are a lot of anti american resentments present is not really a secret , but i would argue that the anti russian resentments are way bigger . 
  i would also be more than happy if my country would do more spending in regards to defence , but we still have this concept of democracy over here and the vast majority of people hate on spendings on military especially post fall of the berlin wall . 
  and honestly this heavy resentment against military spending can probably be pretty easily lead back to ww2 . # also you really should not look at absolute numbers for military spendings but rather % gdp , because the us is still by far the biggest economy in the world . 
  well i am pretty sure that the cold war still shapes the majority of views on america and russia a lot . 
  would be pretty crazy if that massive war of ideologies did not leave massive stamps on a country that was only merged in the end out of two parts that were on different sides of the wall . 
  i would definitely disagree that the geopolitical ambitions of all countries are directly tied to military imperialism . 
  for example i would doubt you could never really get a majority for an invasion that has occupation as goal in germany anymore just because how vast international pressure and also pressure within germany would be . 
  what i do n't really get is how russia can argue so much against imperialism considering the soviet empire . 
  and i would argue that the warsaw pact nations were way closer tied to moscow than the nato to washington . 
  well i am honestly not afraid of american tanks driving down the streets . 
  i guess if there are american tanks massively driving along our streets i 'd be fairly happy to see it were american tanks and not russian ones ( tho that threat is n't that imminent anymore ) . 
  and soviet imperialism ended only with the country ( more or less ) . 
  also when in the past 50 years have there been serious ploys as you described by european countries ? 
  the difference is that a good part of those states does not exist anymore and those that still exist have vastly changed their policys for atleast 50 years . 
  also imagining that only a few countries are responsible for all the wrongdoings sounds so ridiculous to me . 
  and honestly i can at least see reasoning for most stuff , but that does not necessarily mean i agree, 
  a dutch accent is definitely a thing in german , but honestly most people that speak with a dutch accent speak german very well . 
  it just sounds kinda cute, 
  may i ask if there is something wrong with reffering to the states as the baltic states ? 
  i never even considered to call you nordic . 
  thats like denmark , sweden , norway and finland to me . 
  as far as i can see it the first bailout did indeed not have a bank recapitalization , but rather was aimed at keeping the greek state from going bankrupt and possibly spreading out to more of the eurozone . 
  the second bailout of 2011 however had a 48bn bank recapitalization , aswell as requiring all private to accept a cut of more than 50 % on the face value of the debt aswell as accepting longer maturity rates . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#2010.e2.80.932014, 
  so about what people are trying to do ? 
  granted that there is some albeit pretty hard ( in germany at least ) path to citizenship, 
  you house these people and give them some amount of money . 
  the lowest amount basically that you can cut it to without violatign \u00a7 1 gg ( human dignity is inviolable ) which results in these people getting a bit less than unemployment benefits . 
  you certainly wo n't make back one or two thousand euros you may have spent to get here . 
  and where do these new banks get money from ?
