  also who cares about those stupid civilians anyway . 
  i would also really love the people that just nuked my fucking country . 
  and how do you build a city for millions of people in the desert ? 
  how do you manage water supply for example ? 
  so a large scale military invention ? 
  basically waging war against assad and the is while also trying to create a giant safezone that will immediately become a target itself ? 
  if you wanted to create a safe zone for the entire refugee population in syria you would basically need to pacify the entire state . 
  you 'd need hundreds of thousands of soldiers to occupy syria and then you create massive tensions with russia . 
  and in what state ? 
  with which military to guard those camps ? 
  who provides the teachers to teach the children ? 
  and how do you build a city for several hundred thousand people out of the ground and have military guard it ? 
  which north african state would allow that , or do you just want to go and seize territory ? 
  but poland should help the remaining 400 thousand ( if that is the number ) of people that are fleeing from an active war zone ? 
  you should try listening to what merkel is saying . 
  yes but times are not nearly as bad as they were 75 years ago . 
  in my oppinion it was utterly retarded to have them excluded from the show . 
  actually this was always my impression that most of the time the afd shows up in debates they deliver a pretty bad picture of themselves . 
  well merkel is trying to negotiate with turkey , but that takes time and it is hard to do that much when the eu does n't back it . 
  i could certainly understand them not having the ressources and if that is the reason tho why would they turn down offers to help ? 
  the benelux and scandinavia would be also nice . 
  that would also be a union where you could build wealth transfers in a somewwhat reasonable fashion because these countries are not that far apart . 
  well it does n't seem unreasonable if a 14 and a 15 year old want to have sex . 
  in general those rules in germany again are sliding . 
  also keep in mind that at least in germany for court decisions the spirit of the law is usually more important than the letter of the law . 
  for example i am 22 , i could fairly easily get in trouble if i were with a girl that is younger than 16 , but an 18 year old having a 15 year old girlfriend would n't get in trouble that easily . 
  the whole point is to make this reasonable . 
  it certainly happened that people get abitur at 15 or even younger . 
  it just requires you to jump 2 + classes which while uncommon is certainly not unheard off . 
  you can find articles about people getting abitur even earlier . 
  i did n't find examples of the tweets that caused the police to visit tho . 
  that would actually be quite interesting . 
  do n't you know poland is literally the greatest and bestest country on planet earth and anything bad is the fault of germany ? 
   germany declared they could take on unlimited migrants no , that is just not true . 
  what was stated is that there is no legal cap on the basic right to asylum . 
  let 's create a new eu !, 
  i get the feeling that a lot of people here simply do n't give a fuck about human rights or the geneva convention . 
  also to the remark that the convention was n't written with a situation like this : that is true , it was n't written with something like this in mind . 
  it was written with the two fucking world wars in mind . 
   they are encouraged with overly helpful and promising immigration policies ? 
  this has nothing to do with classical immigration policies , if those were to apply and they were applying for a blue card they could simply take a plane to europe . 
  this is about asylum politics and yes that is distinct from immigration policy . 
  greece is obligated to register people and not just let them run straight through . 
  those rules get broken all the time and the greek government is n't even trying to fix it and rejecting offers for help . 
  is it the solution to just ignore people breaking rules they previously agreed to ? 
  if greece said it could n't handle the task they could have taken the offers from the eu to help them with securing the borders , but i am getting the impression that they do n't even want to properly register people . 
  no to me not everything not far left is far right . 
  greens and fdp for example are not far left nor far far right, 
  there have been exactly 2 cases so far . 
  in 1952 the sre , the successor of the nsdap got banned and in 1956 the kpd got banned . 
  the afd is in my oppinion the most extremist party that is relevant in germany right now . 
  just listen a bit to their speakers ( h\u00f6cke is one of the most extreme examples ) or just read what they write . 
  they are pretty extreme nationalists overall ( by german standards ) . 
  they abandandoned a lot of their conservative economic policy when lucke left the party leading it to be a more rightwing nationalist party , basically npd lite ( my oppinion ), 
  i just do n't see how burning coal is more environmentally friendly . 
  there has n't been an accident ( going after ines ) in a german akw ever . 
  there have n't been any serious incidents recently . 
  i can see that some of the spent fuel pools may not be perfectly safe ( phillipsburg as an example ) , but in general german nuclear plants are very safe . 
  and then germany will have to close its orders and basically go `` fuck the balkans '', 
  this might also put a huge strain on nato considering that a lot of these parties in western europe are also against nato . 
  yeah ti is kinda absurd . 
  you 'd probably have to vote cdu if you wanted a more restrictive refugee policy , even if it is just so that the spd ca n't block it . 
  i could see a change of policy . 
  that said there is still no answer to what should happen to people that would still come but now wont be let in . 
  what happens when people start dying on the balkans ? 
  have you listened to the recent statements ? 
  well that would only lead to cementing the current government . 
  it is pretty close to a fact that we will have a cdu chancellor after the next elections . 
  maybe that is gon na be merkel maybe not . 
  if anything a real change in policies could only happen if the cdu did n't need the spd but could form a government with one of the smaller parties or form a government alone ( they were 6 seats short last election ) . 
  at least that is how i see it from within germany . 
  i would say the chances of the afd being part of the government after the next elections are about as high as the syrian civil war having found a full solution by that time . 
  just about zero . 
  and how do thesestatements contradict each other ? 
  i see how it is perceived i just think that that was n't the intention, 
  well and the party elects its leaders . 
  so if the people wanted to take part in that they could become part of the party . 
  merkel is certainly not refusing to secure the outer eu borders . 
  in fact that is often lamented in germany that the outer borders are basically not controlled . 
  that 's why the german government wanted a coordinated system across europe so we get rid of this madness of people wandering our countries without being registered . 
  it is just that the viable alternatives to form a center government get less and less with more `` extremists '' in parliament . 
  i explained the situation higher up in the comments , if you want you can look it up then . 
  also keep in mind that merkel is so far only serving slightly longer than average for a german chancellor ( which is 8 years ) . 
  for example poland has had almost double the prime ministers since 1989 as germany had chancellors since 1949 . 
  the uk now has its 14th prime minister since the end of the war , for germany merkel is the 8th chancellor . 
  it depends with which people you surround yourself with . 
  the point was to try and create a european solution that holods up the values of the eu charta of human rights and the geneva convention . 
  also the government always said that people coming here for solely economic reasons will have to be sent back . 
  it would have also been possible to reach a consensus if other countries were to asupport a systemwhere they get refugees aswell , but well for consensus you need some parties chaning their position . 
  yeah i just wanted an example of a coalition that would have so many seats that it is hard to imagine that they wo n't have a majority if they were to work together regardless of that being politically realistic . 
  i think he could be a man to lead germany through this crisis . 
  he is one of the staunchest supporters of the european union and one of the most popular politicians in germany . 
  i do n't really see it happen , i would expect merkel to continue , but if merkel were to step down i could see sch\u00e4uble picking up even if it just were for a few years . 
  that seems unlikely tho . 
  in general in germany people value stability very highly and this just goes direclty against that . 
  she just got reelected party leader with only 2 votes against her 2 month ago . 
  this would also require someone to try and get her out and that person is politically then not a viable leader because well he/she just put the leader down . 
  exactly . 
  if the afd had been smart about it they probably could have actually gathered support , but by now i feel like they are already seen as pretty extreme by a lot of people . 
  uff i really ca n't stand seehofer .
