  what did you expect ? 
  that german tax payers will just cover for excess greek debt ? 
  nobody was demanding a solution for the refugee crisis ? 
  nobody asked for us to cooperate with the border states ? 
  where did you hear that ? 
  and the eu states were unwilling to cooperate on the issue so you have to look to states like turkey, 
  lol, 
  yeah no punishment without law is such a * progressive * idea . 
  they were not enforcing anything though . 
  they were running around being douchy but that is not punishable by law, 
  that is what is happening right now ... 
  i do not think that it will be easy to get support for that in germany though . 
  merkel only barely made the last one against a lot of opposition to it, 
  sch\u00e4uble is probably one of the biggest proponents of the european idea in germany . 
  he is also very much a conservative . 
  i do n't think we are going to see another bailout/debt relief without the cdu somehow loosing power . 
  the last one already was barely made work . 
  no that is not the reason . 
  the point is : if you grant one country debt relief what keeps otehr countries from demanding the same ? 
  also a good number of people just do not see wh we should be paying up even more for greek fuck ups, 
  like eisenhower was originally eisenhauer . 
  there may also be a difference between germany and france on how these things are reported . 
  here in germany the media often does n't highlight who the perpetrator is that much , we do n't need to allow these people to be remembered , we should be remembering the victims instead . 
  i bet for example that most people would remember the lockdown and killings in munich this year , but a lot of people will not know the name of the perpetrator , i do n't know his full name without looking it up myself . 
  it is the victims that matter , not the perpetrators . 
  which is pretty much the opposite of what merkel is . 
  nobody seriously calls angela merkel a populist . 
  going by polls is also not exactly what defines populism . 
  merkel also does not always go after the polls , see for example during the greek crisis where she was among those most in favour of bailing out greece and giving them softer conditions and ultimately pushed her line through ( actually some 100 + mps voted against that back then ) . 
  i agree that the data is garbage though !, 
  what is popullist potential even supposed to mean ? 
  really ? 
  i would say well below 10 % of muslims i interacted with were named after mohammed , but then again these were pretty much all turks, 
  you are attacking me though for not knowing who mohamed merah is . 
  i did not doubt that he is well known in france . 
  people treat me like i am retarded for not knowing who that guy is when in fact he is not that well known outside of france . 
  all of these are famous internationally . 
  merah is not known that well outside of france i think . 
  if you go around here on the streets i am pretty sure the vast majority could not tell you who the guy is . 
  in what regard ? 
  i did not know who mohamed merah was, 
  that said mohamed is not exactly an uncommon name . 
  i also do not know how well known mohamed merah is in france though, 
  luxembourg is not part of the g20, 
  can you tell me which countries have a term limit on pm ( which is essentially what the office is called in most countries ), 
  in general i feel like personal matters are so rarely brought up in german politics which i find very pleasant . 
   yup , and their government is even paying refugees to leave i mean is that not common ? 
  i know germany does that too . 
  it is just way cheaper to give people a few thousand bucks than arrange a long deportation , that might take years , all the while you have to pay benefits . 
  me too . 
  for all i care you can make gay marriage legal , but i would think my grandparents for example would be opposed to that, 
  which country has a term limit on prime ministers ? 
  well that has been a function of the fall of france . 
  we usually always had a franco-german alliance in the eu , but france is weak at the moment so merkel had to step up even if she only did so reluctantly, 
  just that unlike pence sch\u00e4uble is actually more popular than merkel . 
  even as minister of finance . 
  the only thing that i think would hurt sch\u00e4ubles popularity as chancellor is that he is more conservative than merkel, 
  we did n't bring them here though . 
  they came here by themselves with the aid of hungary and greece, 
  why are these people allowed to vote for the republican candidate then ? 
  because before it was n't a topic so it obviously was n't mentioned ? 
  this is already german law . 
  it was made clear that those who do not get approved will have to be sent home , that once the war is over people will have to go home as it happened after the jugoslav wars, 
  yeah me too, 
  do you really think that a solidly left wing government in germany would handle that issue better ? 
  uhm 58 gg does n't contradict the bundespr\u00e4sident having more formal power than the chancellor in any way, 
  the one thing about the greens is that i can like the realo fl\u00fcgel , but hate the idealists, 
   60 % of the migrants have no right to be here , they 're at best economic migrant and merkel has said from the beginning that these will have to be deported . 
  then you are definitely too deep in your filter bubble, 
  well germany has term limits on president aswell and formally the president has more power than the chancellor . 
  what merkel is leveraging is the power of parliament as the head of a majority in parliament . 
  if the parliament does n't elect her anymore she wo n't be chancllor anymore, 
  not enough people care for that enough to make it happen and those that are against it seemingly care a lot more about the issue, 
  she has been challenged again and again inside and outside her party . 
  she has been attacked from the csu , but also from all oppsoition parties . 
  she has fought for reelection multiple times . 
  she will have to fight for reelection again just that she is currently highly favoured to win . 
  people also just really are fond of stability and merkel provides stability, 
  why ? 
  the alternative parties are free to develop opposition . 
  they just can not put up a good one so merkel will likely get reelected . 
  the opposition is not supressed , just not strong enough to push merkel out . 
  just because someone is to the left of lepen or trump does not make a party left wing . 
  the csu is to the left of lepen or trump and that definitely is a conservative party . 
  nordrhein-westfalen is an actual state with an actual capital though . 
  wiesbaden is the capital of the german state of hesse . 
  none ? 
  still the capital of nrw is d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  just as the capital of hesse is wiesbaden . 
  honestly i do n't see real harm in members of parliament having a beer at lunch, 
  actually the capital of nrw is d\u00fcsseldorf, 
  of bismarcks germany ? 
  pretty much all of it except for some territories that were acquired during the partitions of poland . 
  there was a good chunk of territory that would have been considered german in austria too tho, 
  the thing is the eu is essentially powerless to handle this if nations continue to refuse to cooperate . 
  it also doesnt make much sense to expand greater bavaria in that direction and not into austria, 
  i am trying to listen to multiple sources . 
  i would be the happiest if the west and russia could have good relation . 
  i also do n't think there will be war , but i also do n't think we can entirely dismiss the possiblity . 
  i also do n't think that it is generally wise to corner a major military and nuclear power economically too much .
