  there is no way this could work without france , britain , germany and italy at least haven vetoes ( the countries with the biggest military ), 
  there is a reason why art 5 of nato is specified like this , but i think if there were to break out a fight i think it would be right to stand with great britain . 
  if an allied country is attacked i think we should be helping . 
  i honestly do n't know how exactly because germany has no presence in the area as far as i am aware off but i think there should be help and there should be german soldiers fighting aswell, 
  but do n't we already have nato for that ? 
  nato has been fine the last 65 years and almost surely prevented germany from being invaded again . 
  i personally dread the uk leaving the eu . 
  i would much rather have the uk at the forefront of the eu together with france and germany . 
  i think cooperation will lead to a much better future than everyone going on its own and i do n't see why the uk is pushing so hard to isolate itself from the eu, 
  i think the bigger problem with a united european army is that it simply is not feasible because foreign poliy of different countries differ too much . 
  maybe we will have a eu army in 50 years . 
  maybe we will have it in 15 or 20 years ( if a major war were to break out ) maybe we will never have it . 
  i personally think the best position is to have nato and rely especially on the european nato members for defence . 
  i also think that nato is a fairly stable alliance and even if it were to break up i can not imagine a scenario where especially france will not be a german ally ( this feels really weird to say in the context of history , but i think france is one of the most reliable german allies ), 
  also i think in a modern society we should be able to detach our laws for this from the idea that it is immoral . 
  i think our job is to protect the women ( and men ) working as prostitutes aswell as to protect the customers . 
  i think the big challenge is how to draw prostitues and the entire system more into the realms of legality . 
  everything ? 
  i mean what else is prostitution rather than a service to a customer . 
  i think you have to be fairly good with humans . 
  after all you want people to come back and use your services again , because that is what prostitution is a service . 
  see someone else might sell that he repairs your car . 
  a prostitute sells sex . 
  both are services, 
  just treat them like normal workers . 
  it is a service job and i think we should be able to not judge people if even if it does interfere with your idea of morale . 
  heck i have absolutely no interest in seeking out a prostitute , but that is no reason for it to be banned . 
  also unlike for example recreational drugs it does not threaten your health, 
  but is n't human traficking here the problem andnot sex working ? 
  also if sex working is illegal you can not regulate it at all to protect the people working there and to protect the person using the services . 
  i personally think sex work should be fully legal because i think it does not harm people to make it legal . 
  but what is the point of even banning it ? 
  the urge for sex is something very human basic . 
  also it does not harm anybody innately so what is the reaosn to ban it ? 
  got any links on this ? 
  i just really see no point in banning it . 
  people will do it anyways and it doesnt harm anyone so make it legal and maybe even rake in some taxes if they can do it legally, 
  hm i personally remember the good cases a lot more . 
  i remember my friends and names like berkai or yasin are not really german names and still they are really cool guys, 
  germany has regionally higher population density just like great britain . 
  admittedly if you look just at england the density is higher than in most parts of germany , but northrhine westphalia also has a population density of 500 ppl/sqkm whereas there is lots of empty space in former east germany these days, 
  really ? 
  what are those problems because i havent heard of them living here in germany . 
  the only thing i consistently hear is that we are in dire need of well trained personell . 
  also most turks i have enocuntered are integrated fairly well also simply by measure of most of them being born here . 
  actually germany rejects only around 50 % percent of refugees ( source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics ) and the biggest part of people that get turned away are from serbia , kosovo and the likes . 
  people from syria get accepted usually . 
  i think we will never reach the peak of refugees in germany ever again . 
  wait where did you find zerg as a verb ? 
  is n't that just a starcraft reference ? 
  well that party basically disintegrated in inner party battles, 
  there are 13400 british soldiers stil in germany source : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/ausl%c3%a4ndische_milit%c3%a4rbasen_in_deutschland, 
  well here in germany we still have a good number of british soldiers and british military bases, 
  the united states of america ? 
  it really depends . 
  if you ca n't mount a defense on yourself it can be very useful to have foreign military bases . 
  they are what kept germany safe during the cold war . 
  i know and maybe i am having a bit of a different view . 
  i just see the 19th century more in the fight and finally getting rid of napoleon and then the repeated attempts at creating a german state , which finally was created in 1871 ( and that led to two world wars yada yada ), 
  well and how many people work in the greek train company ? 
  see in 1990 the eastern german train system had more people working for it than the western one . 
  if you have too much personal you will lose money, 
  to be fair the 19th century nationalism is the reason there is this country called germany today and not a ton of smaller kingodms and duchys and so on, 
  and how many of the unions countries would have had to default without cheap loans ? 
  by the way how is the asylum system seen in sweden considering that you take in by far the most asylum seekers compared to population and the second most in total numbers ? 
  so how do you fortify the mediteranean sea ? 
  do you suggest sinking the refugee ships or simply not saving them anymore ? 
  also how is having almost 60 % of all refugees distributed across germany , sweden and italy fair ? 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics ( data from 2014 ), 
  so you also do n't want money either from germany or france ? 
  or does that everyone solves their own problem only come in place when it is you that would have to give something ? 
  so you basically expect western europe to pay for the refugees alone ? 
  pay because the border controls do n't work because the other countries do n't make an effort to stop them just going up to germany or france or sweden . 
  or another helpful thing would be to just stop so many people coming from ex-jugoslavia , maybe you care about those people and they cost a ton aswell because they come here apply for asylum and get declined all the time ... 
  a fair distribution is a distribution where every european country takes in an amount of refugees that is adequate considering the countries population and gdp ( and more of course ) . 
  handpicking who you take in can not be fair tho and just ignoring the people that seek asylum in the eu wo n't help . 
  this is also not about colonial guilt this about helping people that flee from civil war . 
  also as you said sending them back to the balkans where they often come from simply does not work because the countries do n't make an effort to keep them there or send them back . 
  is your solution to refugees just to ingore them and send them back over the mediteranean sea , sentencing a good amount of them to death ? 
  so thesese peope should just all go to germany ? 
  how about a more fair distribution ? 
  we do n't get to pick what refugees we want either for that reason they are refugees and not immigrants . 
  nobody is denying that germany needs to and can take in a lot more refugees than eastern european countries but them outright declining to take their part in lifting the weight is pretty sad imo . 
  and how many are that in absolute numbers ? 
  also it is kinda expected that the us is n't the primary destination simply because there is this huge fucking ocean between syria and the united states . 
  and people think that eastern european countries do n't want to accept refugees because you repeatedly see eastern european politiicans going on air saying they do n't want them or that accepting 1000 is enough . 
  also most of the refugees coming to germany come through eastern europe ... see by the numbers we have in asylum seekers here we would need to build a city the size of timisoara every year ... 
  yes that is the reason there was debt relief ( not debt cuts we only had a debt cut once ) repeatedly . 
  if the issues in greece do n't get better though there will be even more resistance and i do n't think there will be enough political will for a fourth bailout . 
  the thing is nobody wants to be responsible for greece to be defaulting and leaving the ez ... 
  the thing is you can only bend rules so far and if it is not legally possible to get a nominal debt cut than you need to look for other options . 
  you can relief debt by other measures and just a nominal cut got outruled, 
  well the maturity of greek credits was extended over and over again . 
  the interest numbers are laughably low , the only thing that got categorically outruled was a straight up debt cut . 
  these economists only talk about debt relief not specifically about a debt cut ... and what did greece do ? 
  the current government just proves again and again that it is not reliable and that they only want help but are not willing to adopt reforms . 
  and in the recent few month the issues just got way worse with the imposing of capital controls caused by the greek government . 
  i think nobody discusses that greece needs some form of debt relief . 
  the only thing that has been categorically outruled while greece is in the ez is a debt cut . 
  so the americans are trying to kill of the german ethnicity ?
