  yeah lets take something a single deputy in the european parliament that happens to be in merkels party said and make a big article about it !, 
  people dislike germany so surely they will like to read it . 
  you could but you would need all other states to vote for it . 
  good luck with that, 
  the thing is that lags behind and bavaria still has to manage people after they arrive, 
  and then they get declined ... 
  unless you of course mean things like a dissident that is under prosecution for its political oppinion , he would obviously not be fleeing from warfare , but i somehow feel you meant people fleeing for economic reasons and nobody ever said anything other than that you have to send hose back, 
  is n't this kind of military intervention what brougth us the mess in afghanistan and the iraq ? 
  she already answered that multiple times : there can be no upper limit as the consitution prevents that . 
  also can you tell me a plan on how would you apply an upper limit and what do you do when there are people that obviously need genuine help ? 
  people that are denied asylum wo n't get the right to faily reunification and at least 50 % will most likely get declined, 
  yes , but even seehofer knows that he ca n't ever win that lawsuit ... 
  actually the only stereotypical image i have of texas is a lot of guns and a lot of desert and i think that is both fairly accurate and the guns part certainly when you compare it to german levels, 
  oh i was just joking around . 
  see i am both someone from bavaria and from germany . 
  i can identify with both . 
  and as for xenophoby i would say that in general bavaria is probably hte most conservative part of germany , but also xenophoby comes from bavaria being the forefront of the crisis within germany . 
  i also completely agree that we need to find a lsolution with each other and not against each other . 
  that is why i excluded the left wing from that, 
  the thing is there is a constitution ingermany that prohibits denying people the right to apply for asylum . 
  human rights are important , really really really important . 
  i just do n't like my country being bad mouthed  edit : another point : bavaria has almost 40 times the population of iceland, 
  what prevailing trend do you mean ? 
  well bavaria is bordering the alps . 
  you can do actually proper hiking or skiing there . 
  also in general i really like munich ( well i live here ) . 
  it just is one of the cleanest big cities i have seen in germany , but on the flipside also the most expensive and also the richest and it has two of the best universities in germany, 
  bavaria is for germany kinda what greece and italy are for europe . 
  basically everybody that comes to germany to apply for asylum currently arrives in bavaria , just due to geography, 
  just note that this is basically a pointless threat because mr. seehofer knows that it is pointless to sue at the supreme court for something that very obviously will be turned down because it violates the constitution to restrict the right to apply for asylum . 
   refugee status is a temporary status until the country of origin is safe and not a free pass to citizenship  it is cheaper and better to help refugees locally  only refugees from a short list of countries can apply for asylum , all others are rejected ( and naturally sent back ) . 
   strengthened border controls of eu borders and every single one of these are points that merkel pointed out . 
  another point that she made is that there has to be a system where not only a few countries have to shoulder the vast burden of refugees ( be that italy or greece , germany or sweden , just not a few single countries ) . 
  the only thing merkel will not do to announce that germany has recached a loimit of people . 
  she tries to ease the burden by distributing it across europe to ease the burden on germany tho . 
  actually really most of your points overlap heavily with the position merkel has been pushing . 
  you know nothing about germany if you think that way . 
  look at the more recent events of rostock-lichtenhagen rather . 
  and also take a look at our fucking constitution, 
   i 'd suggest minimally equipped prison camps until they willingly leave , but the stigma attached to that is probably too severe . 
  i can already see the headlines of germany reopening kzs . 
  also on a more serious note how do you do this without violating human dignity because the idea of this to make it in a way that refugees wo n't like it ? 
  that seems to be completely against our constitution, 
  people were deported back to bosnia aswell after they lived in germany for several years, 
  this is so funny because this is literally the opposite ( well except the left-wing ) way that merkel used to be described : as waiting to long with action , not being decisive enough not pushing for a vision and not having oppinions herself but rather going by public oppinion, 
  so that the european leaders ( and this obviously includes the german ones ) shamefully did n't do that keeps us fromw roking on it now ? 
  her word is not , but the grundgesetz is, 
  i hope you know nobody in bavaria hardly anybody wears lederhosen outside of those festivities ? 
  bavaria is also the richest state of germany , the state with the lowest unemployment ( around 3 % ) , the second biggest state of germany with more population than the majority of european states . 
  yes bavaria is traditionally fairly conservative , also interestly bavaria was siding on the austrian side in the austro-prussian war . 
  also you get a division line in bavaria around nuremberg ( north-south ), 
  also a fence ca n't distinguish between those that need protection and those that do n't . 
  of course you could also argue that germany should not take any refugees because they will always come through a safe third country as is dictated by geography, 
  and do you have any advice what we should be doing that would stand with our constitution ? 
  what really bothers me is that he basically only complains without proposing practical ( ! ), 
  solutions, 
  yes and then the supreme courts overturns that because that would violate article 1, 
  that would also allow people to change stuff like restrict the human rights for a special group like jews . 
  there is a good reason for those eternity clauses to exist on stuff like human rights, 
  yeah sure , because who gives a fuck about human rights anyways, 
  can you expand on that a little ? 
  i actually have little insight on those matter . 
  well nato is an organization that spans over almost the whole eu and also the us . 
  i think there is nothing bad about having strong military allies . 
  also do n't forget that the baltics are fully backed militarily by nato in case of further russian aggression and that includes the majority of europe aswell . 
  if shit goes down there wo n't be only american soldiers , but also german , british , french , dutch , belgian and italian soldiers . 
  nato is there to defend all of us today , just as it did for 40 years when my country was at the front, 
  yes you are totally right . 
  it is just pretty hard to not get emotional when you and your country gets attacked all the time here , i am sorry . 
  i think there are a lot of things we need to do and one of those is to make sure refugees get distributed properly so it is not only a handful countries that carry the vast majority of refugees . 
  working constructively on a solution on how to distribute it across europe and while it was a bit problem in italy before it accelerated tremendously for close to a year . 
  i can certainly feel for greece and italy because they were truly left out , but what hungary does is a disgrace in my oppinion . 
  well they are already getting revealed . 
  look at hungary or italy just deflecting refugees to the north, 
  in germany the ruling is the same , just that they check after three years . 
  i am honestly suprised there were no rulings like this before in norway . 
  the key tho just as in the norway ruling described here is that you can just send them back if the situation changed, 
  georgia was in 2008 , nordstream was 2000 through 2005 and during that time the relations between germany and russia were pretty good , especially schr\u00f6der and putin , as much as i despise both of them , were/are friends . 
  that was a decade ago , of course people today do n't care anymore . 
  people were really pissed back then but it 's in the past . 
  he is no longer chancellor . 
  also is n't the whole point of a pipeline like this to get good gas deals ? 
  west germany as you said even got gas from the soviet union back in the 70s . 
  nord stream was schr\u00f6ders project and also this was well before the tensions with russia grew that high again . 
  firstly i doubt that the majority of people even knows this and everybody i talked to was seriously pissed at schr\u00f6der for doing this . 
  also he never lost a normal election . 
  basically what happened that on the state level the last state that was ruled by his party fell so he asked for a confidence vote and lost that so there were reelections in 2005 which led to merkel coming into power . 
  yeah this is also one of the posts where i would be really curious how many up and downvotes it got . 
  i looked at it a few times in the last hours and it went up and down usually between 0 and 10 points most times, 
  yeah because it was fairly obvious that the soviets would probably be harsher as nazi germany was a lot more brutal in the east . 
  also he believed in the idea of socialism and wanted to move back to where he came from . 
  at that time people did n't know how the idea of socialism would turn out . 
  also both the western and the eastern allies bombed germany massively, 
  it was still significantly more common to leave from east to west , but still it was not that uncommon . 
  mind you a lot of people had to flee during the war and they understandably had the desire to return home . 
  i think there was a lot of mistrust to both the wetern as well as the soviet side . 
  keep in mind that it was not even 10 years before that that american bombers shelled german cities . 
  germany was only slowly becoming a country with still quite the influence of the military governments . 
  see i think it is not that easy to see who is the bad guys and who is the good guys in the long run when both sides bombed your country to the ground . 
  it is not that easy to know if socialism or capitalism will be the better working ideal especially when you look at them mostly as ideas .
