  we are not one country . 
  also i still do n't see how nordstream is not just beneficial to germany and russia as a project . 
  there literally has never been trouble between ( west ) germany and russia/the soviet union because of gas . 
  that has always been very professional . 
  also germany has not been covertly subverting nato bases in poland or the baltics , but rather very openly . 
  the position here as far as i know that there has been an agreement to not place nato bases further to the east , that is for example why there are no nato bases and no nuclear weapons in former east germany, 
  do you have any statistics to back this up ? 
  also most muslims in germany are from turkey, 
  yep pouring billions upon billions and having the interest rate hit rock bottom surely puts everyone ahead of greece !, 
  so eastern european countries fighting amongst themselves is horrible and western european countries fighting amongst themselves is fine ? 
  how do you force those countries to take the people back though ? 
  that is the question . 
  [ unemployment rates in germany ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=z8o7pt6rd5uqa6_&amp;met_y=unemployment_rate&amp;idim=country:de:uk:fr&amp;hl=de&amp;dl=de#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=unemployment_rate&amp;fdim_y=seasonality:sa&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country_group&amp;idim=country:de&amp;ifdim=country_group&amp;hl=de&amp;dl=de&amp;ind=false ) [ euro-dollar exchange rate ] ( http://www.finanzen.net/devisen/dollar/chart ) germany 's unemployment is low due to reforms in competetiveness and it has been constantly going down since 2005 aside from the hickup caused by the 2008 crisis . 
   that 's france and uk fault . 
  they are as big as germany and they should both should be working more to the union . 
  yeah i think especially france 's weakness is tough . 
  the uk never was that invested in the union in the first place and if they want out that is fine . 
  the turning point probably was when they decided to withdraw from the euro project . 
   the problems in south europe are very different . 
  culturally we are more close to france and germany than ee . 
  we are as progressive/liberal as you ( and in some aspects even more ) . 
  we have economical problems and lack of ability to compete with the northern countries ( due to cultural and resources reasons ) and we probably never will be able to catch ( expect spain ) . 
  in ee they are culturally more different . 
  i feel like the biggest difference is that southern european states are not that fiercely nationalistic and distrusting of the rest of the western european states . 
  they are the countries also pouring in for the european project . 
  i personally really like southern europe i just am not sure if it was a good idea to form a currency union because you can see very clearly now where our countries would need different monetary policy, 
  yes that 's when the change will go in effect , but they also said they will do it before elections, 
  that most likely does not matter because the law will be abolished and if during the trial the law gets changed the most lenient version applies . 
  the bundesregierung said they will havei t abolished by 2018 and it should be reasonably easy to drag the trial out until then for b\u00f6hmermanns lawyer, 
   i 'm from portugal , the most comment sentiment here is that your country is in charge but most of people want to be in eu and do n't even want to think about leaving ( we just want to be treated with respect ) . 
  man here in germany i feel like most would probably prefer it if not all the other strong countries were not so weak and germany would not have to take the lead . 
  i still remember those articles from like 2 years ago heavily calling for germany to take the lead . 
  kinda damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  actually i think most people here do n't think much about portugal , you do n't really hear from portugal , just that they were hit by the crisis fairly hard aswell , but recovered without requiring extensive bailouts which is appreciated . 
   i can understand that perfectly and i dislike it as well . 
  but that eurospectism is politics . 
  but we have to keep working . 
  if they do n't want to be part we keep them aside in a low-level of integration or they simply leave . 
  i just really do n't like it . 
  see i do not nearly have as much problem if countries ask for money , but also more or less stand with the eu , which i personally am missing from eastern european states , unlike southern europe . 
  i agree and maybe in my country the sentiment is different than in yours , but here most people are rather happy with the eu . 
  it is not focussing on the negative aspects so much , but from what i gather here on reddit that seems rather unique within the eu . 
  people find these accomplishments great . 
  what people do n't like in my experience is that so many states are not commited to the union and only are there when it comes time to rake in money . 
  i think a lot of eastern europe especially is seen like this, 
  how does lower interest boost the economy ? 
  lower interest means people have to save more so they can spend less , if they want the same volumes of saving for old age . 
  it also means that rents increase even faster because that is where the money is going making it so that ordinary people have even less money to spend . 
  why should creating a housing bubble for example be good for germany ? 
  i do not expect him to change any policy . 
  i expect him to adress a rather large chunk of the union he is supposed to govern when there are problems instead of just ignoring them . 
  we absolutely should not care more about germany than france , but also just not caring for germany at all seems wrong . 
  one of the issues here is the perception that draghi does not care about germany and that he does not listen to german concerns . 
  you said they govern for the union and that is absolutely right , but germany is also part of that union . 
  if there was a cataclysmic event forcing 100 million people to flee at once we have big problems , but such a cataclysmic event seems rather unlikely, 
  the issue just is that the eu is too big for the states that would agree to this to create a superstate . 
  i think there was a point where there could have been a superstate based around germany and france merging , but i currently do not see that happening without pressure from the outside . 
  one scenario where i could see such a superstate emerging would be for example if the us were to decide to withdraw from europe and nato . 
  here i see the issue that the union expanded too fast . 
  if you had taken just the founding members we could have probably founded a superstate with just these few states by now , but then you have other states that want to be a part where it is economically not feasible for example . 
  also it creates a huge power imbalance within europe . 
   sounds like a plan . 
  would n't be the first time we do it . 
   is the world police going to arrest europe if we do n't help invader ships ? 
  no we just throw aboard our moral baseline . 
  did anybody stop russia from annexing crimea for example ? 
  i do not think the eu wants to set the signal that it is fine to simply seize foreign land because you can . 
  there just are still some pretty deep rifts going through europe, 
  then why is draghi not even adressing these issues in his speeches ? 
  also germany has n't said a thing for years about this, 
  so basically you need to seize the coastal teritories of north africa militarily for that ? 
  or how do you think we get these countries to agree ? 
  no it is encouraging germans to spend less because tahts what you have to do when you want to save the same amount, 
  because those cases would also be denied if you were to deny everyone, 
  what is wrong with using extreme cases to prove the point that you would also be denying people that have a legitimate claim to asylum that if you were to just send everyone back ? 
  but by sending everyone back you will inevitably break that agreement at least as long you do not assume that legit refugees do n't exist . 
   what i 'm saying is that those people will continue to die in the sea until they have the place to go . 
  as simple as that . 
  open europe = people trying to get there and dying in the sea . 
  closed europe = no reasons to travel . 
  these people do n't suddenly have a place to go though because they `` ca n't '' go to europe and as long as we do not completely abolish asylum ( which we could , but basically all agreed we wo n't ) people will come here . 
  in your hypothetical scenario if i werei n somalia going to europe does n't seem like a too good plan because while it might take a while it is almost inevitable that i will eventually get deported back if i am going to europe/germany just to find a better place to live . 
  and compeltely making it fully impossible for those that are willing to live illegally is a nigh impossible task anyways . 
  it is also the reasons that housing prices bubble and that people ca n't save for retirement because there are no interest rates anymore . 
  it forces companys to save even more for the pensions of workers because those savings do n't generate interest anymore . 
  it makes it so that you basically lose money when saving, 
  it really is somewhat ironic that people claim that german is unilaterally ruling the eu in a thread that is more or less about the ecb not caring for germany at all . 
  germany is the biggest single player in the eu , that is right , that comes with being the biggest economy and the largest population , but germany is nowhere near in the position to make eu policy on its own and the examples are plenty currently . 
  so we should not grant asylum to those that legitimately have a claim to it either ? 
  do you think we should not grant asylum to the yezidi girl fleeing from persecution by the is ? 
  do you think we should not give asylum to the guy from egypt that had to flee because he was threatened by the state because he abandoned islam ? 
  should we not grant asylum to a turkish journalist that is threatened with prison because he attacked erdogan ? 
  no and did anyone say something about germany being more than a bit of the eurozone ? 
  i just said that the ecb is considering the issues in spain , portugal and italy aswell so why is there no consideration towards germany ? 
  as you said his mandate is the eurozone and germany is a part of that zone so why does it not warrant attention aswell ? 
  why is draghi not even adressing these concerns ? 
  has germany not been understanding so long that the interest policy like this is necessary ? 
  i understand that the other countries warrant concern , but germany warrants concern too ... is it simply not important because germany is doing reasonably well ? 
  and where should the zone of control for the eu end ? 
  do you propose the eu simply seizes the northern border of africa to keep people from going to the mediteranean where we are legally obliged to help capsized ships ?
