  and i also think it was in the ecbs interest to have the negotiations not fail . 
  historically the uk had significantly higher inflation than say germany though . 
  that simply wo n't happen though as much as i would like it . 
  too many of the southern states absolutely rely on it and it feels like draghi is pandering much more to the south than to the north . 
   the ecb has a mandate to look after the banks . 
  it did not have a mandate to involve itself in the conflict between the greek government and the troika over the bailout . 
  nor did the greek banks themselves have anything to do with the situation . 
  and that is a valid point if not for the critical difference that the political decisions in athens absolutelely were affecting the greek banks massively . 
  and at that point the ecb has to consider political decisions on the decision on if the ela limit should be raised again . 
   the greek banks were not insolvent . 
  they were experiencing a bank run , which is illiquidity . 
  an illiquid situation becomes an insolvent situation only if enough customers withdraw their funds from the bank that it does n't have the funds to meet its obligations . 
  well that is the core of it is n't it ? 
  were the banks actually solvent in case of a grexit ? 
  which at the time was a very real possibility . 
   the banks themselves had absolutely no responsibility for the widespread fears that were prompting capital flight . 
  it was n't bad decisions made by the bank that threatened the bank 's future existence -- it was fears that the economy would collapse in greece because syriza would n't accept the troika 's terms . 
  right the banks were not responsible here . 
  but that does n't really matter , does it ? 
  it was the greek government that was primarily responsible for the bank run and even if that was out of control of the banks they were still affected by it . 
   so your view that the greek government is responsible for the situation is irrelevant . 
  we can argue over whether or not the greek government did the right or wrong thing in fighting the troika . 
  but that 's totally separate to the situation with the ecb and the greek banks . 
  now this is something i would very fundamentally disagree on because the position of the greek government had a direct effect on the solvency of greek banks . 
  while it is right that the ecb should protect illiquidity it also is very clear that insolvent banks should not be protected . 
  and there was a very real threat of that . 
   it would n't matter . 
  the greek banks would not be operating on the euro anyway , and the ecb could simply ` destroy ' the debt in its system . 
  it has the power to do this . 
  of course the ecb could forgive debt . 
  any creditor could . 
  but why would the ecb do so ? 
  that money would n't simply vanish  everyone has a view toward things . 
  the validity of an argument is not determined by one 's opinion of the person who is making it . 
  address arguments , not people . 
  but if a person is so personally part of the discussed matter then that persons oppinion is very likely very biased . 
  that is my critique . 
   i was only trying to point out that nobody thus far has been able to challenge the ecb on the validity and legality of how it acted . 
  as it should be the central bank should be independent . 
  and i have enough concerns with how the ecb is acting myself though in different fields ( and how it is harming my country )  the damage was caused by the conflict between the troika and the greek government . 
  i do n't assume that the right decision was simply to go along with the troika 's demands , and unlike you , i do n't assume that those demands were reasonable . 
  the ecb should have stayed out the situation and stayed within its mandate . 
  it is not a political institution . 
  it 's quite funny how many people seem to be so insistent that the ecb should stay within its mandate ( myself included ) , but all seem to have different ideas what that means . 
  regardless though any decision the ecb would have made would have been a political decision . 
   the ecb mandate is to protect the euro and protect the access of banks to the markets . 
  keeping an innocent bank from losing market access as a result of a bankrun it had no responsibility for creating was its explicit responsibility . 
  it is also its explicit responsibilty to not indulge in financing states and not loaning to insolvent banks, 
   varoufakis is after evidence in legal opinions written for the ecb that he thinks might contain the rationale for the actions the ecb took . 
  he suspects it might reveal political machinations . 
  and asking varoufakis about the ecb is about as useful as asking mario draghi himself . 
  these people are so heavily biased that their oppinions on if the ecb behaved as it should or not should not matter . 
  i also do not see what issue you have with the ecj judgement . 
  the damage was primarily caused by the greek government an not by the ecb . 
  the ecb might have been able to prevent said damage , but that does not mean they had to . 
  the ecb not further increasing ela assistance for greece was the direct result of calling the referendum by the greek government . 
  the issue was that ela should absolutely not be applied if a bank would be insolven without it which is exactly what was the concern here . 
  also the ecb at this point refused greek bonds as security . 
  also if it had come to a grexit there was quite large concern that the ela credits would never be paid back . 
  it was primarily the greek government that caused this bank run . 
  it waxes and wanes . 
  there was time when there was a lot of hate against germans here for example when you saw a lot less german flairs around here ( or at least that was my impression ), 
  in germany there is a high share of renters and a low rate of home ownership comparably . 
  that leads to the average being lower . 
  because there is the russians in ukraine ? 
  because there is the looming threat of war ? 
  because there is a lot of corruption ? 
  also transportation from china to europe is not all that expensive if you go by ship . 
  and i do n't think that anybody in my circle of friends smokes weed . 
  yet this is no proof . 
  this is an anecdote, 
  low rate of home ownership also leads to this effect, 
  if you look at geopolitical regions then you have to count russia into europe too though and russia is not part of the eu . 
   compare realistic military strength ? 
  for what scenario ? 
  oh i have no problem with luxembourg !, 
  i would just think if you have a comparably larger part of foreign citizens that do not count towards the population that would increase the gdp per capita . 
  greece is not a junkie though . 
  greece is a country . 
  saying that it was an addiction you ca n't get out is too easy . 
   sure , which is why when germany god debt-relieve when they needed it , they set the precedent for helping the greeks . 
  they can bravely pay off their historic debts if they really believe it . 
  differnt time . 
  different situation . 
  for example back then there was no currency union, 
  right , but i would guess a lot of people work in luxembourg that are not luxembourg citizens or rather a significantly higher share than in other eu countries . 
  this is not about punishment at all . 
  this is just that you can not have other countries just pay the tab for greek fuck ups and we ca n't give preferential treatment to greece without other countries ( portugal , ireland for exampe ) rightfully demanding the same . 
  well if 40 % of a countrys workforce lives abroad that inflates gdp per capita significantly . 
  i forgot how the austrian officials closed the border letting people not into austria !, 
  the austrian government did not decide to close its border with hungary eihter . 
  honestly as much as it was not extremely sudden , people were not expecting the situation to escalate like it did and for hungary to lose control . 
  as much as i think there should have been a containment plan , i think it definitely was an unforeseen event in its scale . 
  i also do not see a good alternative right now to merkel, 
  the ss was dissolved may 8th 1945 and is a banned organization in germany . 
  i do n't think you can put it on high alert . 
  well we had the greek crisis come to a new high in 2015 ( not actually last year anymore ) when the greek government held its referendum . 
  one option back then was for greece to leave the eurozone and create a debt cut . 
  the big problem was a debt cut for a country within the euro zone because there can not be a debt union , not a debt cut in general, 
   from my point of view i 'm very pro helping greece , i 'm really hoping to see schulz get in and hopefully he sticks with the idea of something like eurobonds that can be used to help out .
