  it does n't even work in germany , some 60,000 are missing because they went underground . 
  there 's a healthy black market they can get jobs to and continue to game the system without having the papers . 
  there is also no europewide system in place to prevent double or multi registration . 
  you nned that for such a solution to work . 
  you also need to educate people  based on their stories , they all com from war zones . 
  you know those recent events in koln ? 
  9 out of the identified perpetrators were from algeria & marocco and they were illegally in germany for more than 1 year . 
  nobody deported them . 
  and now they are still not being deported . 
  the bureocracy is overburdened at the moment ? 
  that is right . 
  we need to hire more staff to perform checks . 
  these people ought to be deported . 
   i do n't understand the question . 
  they can sue under protocol 4 article 2.1 & 2.2 - freedom of movement you do n't need to violate that . 
  you do give them the right to leave or to move somewhere else . 
  you just tell them if they do so they lose their benefits . 
  well firstly we do n't know how long that will take . 
  also if you just keep people together and do n't integrate them that will lead to ghettos , refugees grouping together and a rise in criminality simply because they ca n't do anything else . 
  this does n't happen . 
  if you do n't have a passport on you you usually can go to the police later to confirm who you are . 
  the police can also take you to their office to check personalities . 
  these fines are only happening in theory . 
  the eu could leverage turkey quite heavily just that we do n't want to use economic sanctions . 
  well a system that has n't been implemented can hardly be working, 
   morally wrong it is fine to relocate them within germany and it is fine to relocate them within europe . 
  they do n't come here tolive in the ritz  pointless , as you can not hold them in cells , they will just jump in the next train , bus or car out and head back to where they wanted to go in the first place . 
  without a very harsh `` caught out you get deported back to the country you say you 're from '' we will go into an endless `` get them there , catch them here '' cycle . 
  and before you point at the geneva convention on refugees it clearly states `` war zones '' not `` war countries '' . 
  not all of syria is a war . 
  not all of iraq is at war . 
  you can tie benefits to residence fairly easily . 
  yes and those that do n't come from war zones do n't get asylum . 
  examples are from afghanistan for example . 
   it might actually be illegal under the european convention on human rights . 
  i can totally see the guest country being sued at echr . 
  again this is already legal within member states so why should it be illegal within the union ? 
  yeah , but that is not exactly the same . 
  the german one is specificalyl for hardship cases in asylum, 
  it is a complicated topic . 
  actually the more i hear about asylum the tougher the german one seems . 
  for example for swedish citizenship , i do n't see it being a requirement that you can support yourself , whereas in germany to become a citizen you must provide your own livelihood you could read more on h\u00e4rtef\u00e4lle on wikipedia , but that is only in german . 
  that 's cool . 
  i did n't even know russia was part of erasmus, 
  touch\u00e9, 
  that would be nice but probably create problems with smaller countries . 
  there are for example just 7 times as many german as belgian voters, 
  the thing is you still need money for that and outside of the uk he probably does n't speak that many local languages, 
  petry did n't ask the law to be followed . 
  this would most likely be illegal becasuse it is disproportionate to do so . 
  the reasons for getting a h\u00e4rtefallregelung are for people that are already required to leave . 
  then there can be acommision that can review the case . 
  this comission only decides themselves which cases they review , a person ca n't formally request a review , but they can ask the comission ( tho they are not obligated to review it ) . 
  then the comission decides if there are urgent personal or humanitarian reasons to stay in germany . 
  this can also be that a person is already very well integrated to become a h\u00e4rtefall . 
  note that these numbers are generally very low . 
  you get numbers in the high hundreds to low thousands . 
  these account for most of the bosnian refugees still ingermany tho . 
  that is literally the law in germany, 
  well there is article 231 of the treaty of versailles giving germany the responsibility for the war : `` the allied and associated governments affirm and germany accepts the responsibility of germany and her allies for causing all the loss and damage to which the allied and associated governments and their nationals have been subjected as a consequence of the war imposed upon them by the aggression of germany and her allies . '', 
  if you look at the timeline tho it looks an awful lot like the war was started by the austro hungarian empire declaring war on serbia on july 28 1914 , on august 1st both the russian and the german empires then entered the war, 
  i would hardly call france , the netherlands or austria german satellites . 
  these countries just tend to have interests aligning in the eu, 
  i do n't think it is naive ? 
  when have you heard german leaders talking about a german solution instead of a european solution for example ? 
  as for stopping every single person trying to cross that will be impossible indeed but you do n't need to stop everyone just the largest part, 
  because you need young educated men to rebuild a country . 
  also saying they dodged the draft is quite disingenous in my oppinion . 
  germany is also far from enjoying its biggest economic boom in history . 
  that is relegated to the wirtschaftswunder and we wo n't get that gain . 
  you think germany will cause two world wars in a row now ? 
  i do n't think there will be a ww4 that soon after we fight ww3 and i highly doubt germany will start it . 
   about what we 're talking now : distinction of war refugees from the economical migrants or about sending people to their homes once the wars are over ? 
  there has never been a real discussion if you should send econmic migrants home because everyone agrees that we should do it . 
  also obviously germany can not help everyone ... 
  and still they got the right to demonstrate . 
  i do n't think they will have success and civil unions will become legal , but it is still well within their right to disagree and to demonstrate against a policy . 
  i have n't got that impression about syrian refugees reading this sub . 
  well that has been the message if people were actually listening to what merkel said . 
  do you remember the incident with the child were merkel was said heartless because she told her germany ca n't help everyone ? 
   do n't forget that germany is kind of participating in bosnia and herzegovina 's juridical and legislative power . 
  that seems to be impossible for syria and afghanistan . 
  well for afghanistan people already starting to get deported there again . 
  as for syria i am sure germany will also be able to negotiate a deal with a new syrian government . 
  it should be very much in their interest if the people that got an education come back to the country to rebuild it . 
  and yes there will be tragedies again there will be heartbreaking stories , but that 's just how it is . 
   this `` sending them back to their homes '' initiative is populism . 
  this has been the approach from the very start . 
  this was how bosnian refugees were handled . 
   we had that lebanon 's 1:5 ratio at some time and the whole establishment were full of that `` refugees return '' phrase . 
  most of our serbs have n't returned and that would be the case with majority of syrians imho . 
  i ca n't speak for croatia . 
  we had 350k bosnian refugees in the 90s . 
  more than 90 % of these have left germany by now . 
  if you allow every country to only pick and chose what they want to apply what is the point of having a union in the first place ? 
  you wo n't get anything unified if every country just cherrypicks . 
  the eu as a project works on consensus and yes when you can really a majority behind you as germany and france have done countless times you can push for stuff in the eu , but i do n't see how that is bad after all if a majority of states together still could n't act , who should be able to act ? 
  i personnally would be happier if we just got rid of the opt-outs and just had eeither in or out of the union . 
  no i certainly would not say that . 
  if you want to look for examples of germany not purely acting on national interest look at the migrant crisis or the greek crisis .
