  the thing is you are already threatening the fundamental dissolution of russia at this point and russia would defend itself by any means necessary i would think . 
  that can not be the goal in a war . 
  if that was the goal large scale nuclear war would be inevitable . 
  if poland declared war on germany ? 
  they would be on the german side . 
  why would the us side with poland in a war of aggression against germany ? 
  and if a conflict happened and for some reason the rest of the world would n't intervene i would still think that germany would eventually win, 
  and i never said i see nato as an aggressor . 
  i said that if one saw nato as a possible aggressor against kaliningrad then kaliningrad is in no position to be held you literally ca n't supply the oblast . 
  you also got the baltics crying all the time that they want more military bases in their countries ... 
  no free movement no eea . 
  simple as that . 
  usually if there is enough political will there will be found a way . 
  i am actually pretty sure that the eu is at least investigating in that direction, 
  well these claims of being taken over by foreigners almost always come from areas with a very low foreign population . 
  if you view nato as a threat kaliningrad could very easily be conquered by nato wihout russia being able to do much about it . 
  kaliningrad is also probably the most vulnerable position in europe even moreso than the baltics . 
  it is already to late for that . 
  there probably was no time after the 1940s where you could have fucked up russia/the soviets before it 's to late . 
  if there was a war between russia and nato the goal has to be to restore the status quo ante and avoiding a nuclear war . 
  we ca n't utterly destroy russia without getting utterly destroyed ourself . 
  mad works both ways, 
  which is completely correct ? 
  how would you want to create a stable peace in europe without russia ? 
  the us , china and saudi arabia would still be ahead of us even if we spent the $ 75 billion . 
  i honestly doubt poland would actually win a war against germany currently . 
  that said it is kinda pointless because whoever starts that war is the loser . 
  we have elections coming up next year . 
  that was because germany got utterly defeated and was occupied to an extent that did not happen after wwi ( and obv also not after the franco-german war ) . 
  revanchism was thorughly shut down in germany by the allies and it would also simply have been hopeless . 
  there were hundreds of thousands of foreign soldiers stationed in germany, 
   let 's hope they do n't go full on retard in the future like sweden and have a ` no means no , but yes also means no if the girl is thinking no , and also yes means no if the girl changes their mind at a later date this is one of the problems with it . 
  this `` no means no '' is a catchphrase nothing more nothing less . 
  that is already how the law was . 
  you just can not convict someone of a crime if you ca n't fully prove it and proving rape is hard especially when it is word against word . 
  the main problem with rape convictions is not that the law is too easy on rapists , the prime issue that we apply `` in dubeo pro reo '' and it often is very hard to actually prove rape . 
  that 's because what the guy you replied to is just flat out wrong . 
  i just read your name ... 
  i should have read that before . 
  you are just hellbent on your ideology . 
  also i put in quite a bit of thought into my posts , but if they do n't match your view of the world it is just pointless . 
  do n't paint the soviets worse than they were and the west allies better than they were . 
  it is pretty pointless to continue this discussion if you are not interested in reading my arguments . 
  so can you tell me which rights the us for example retains in south korea ? 
  also the us deployment in south korea is more than an order of magnitude smaller than the deployments in germany . 
  also germany had no say at all if we wanted american/soviet troops on our soil or if we wanted to give them the land and the flats for their barracks and soldiers , they just took them . 
  these troops were not in germany because the german government asked for them . 
  also protection from soviet invasion and occupation are in no way mutually exclusive and neither is protection from nato invasion and occupation . 
  and yes what east germans wanted was irrelevant to the soviets just as what west germans wanted was not terribly relevant to the west allies either . 
  i do not deny that the soviets did way worse than the west allies , but the west allies were no saints either . 
  also as for the berlin wall , that was a project that was pushed by the gdr and not by moscow in fact moscow had been against it for a while before that . 
  having people be richer because they worked in west berlin for example was bad for the socialist utopia ... 
  it is also not like there were not a rather large number of people that genuinely believed in communism . 
  honestly i am not a friend of russia or the soviet union , but painting them worse than it actually was and portraying the west allies as better as they were also serves no point at all . 
  the west allies did not speak against the mass deportations of germans out of the eastern territories they planned them with stalin together . 
  yes i know that the west allies were better to germany than the soviets , but that does n't necessaril mean that that they were only benevolent to germany . 
  primarily germany served as a front against the eastern bloc . 
  a piece of land where you could fight should the cold war turn hot a piece of land that you could burn down to ashes if need be . 
  what would you call the hundreds of thousands of american soldiers that were in germany at the time ? 
  these troops did not withdraw until the 90s . 
  i do not want to pretend that west germany was nearly as bad , but i think saying that east germany was run for the benefit of russia and not of the people is not strictly true . 
  i think that that is too much black and white . 
  i think that saying that berlin was controlled completely from moscow is not strictly true , but it is also not true that bonn was free of influence from washington . 
  and saying that west germany was only occupied for 5 years is also just factually wrong . 
  the allies only renounced their rights in the two plus four treaty ... ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_the_final_settlement_with_respect_to_germany, 
  if you want to call 46 years a few years then i guess you are right . 
  full indepence of the federal republic of germany was only reestablished in 1991 with the 2 +4 treaty and to this day we have american bases in germany ( though admittedly most of them closed down ), 
   it is less than a year ago that the greek banks were allowed to go down , and the cash machines stopped working . 
  right , but we should not forget that the prime reason this happenede was because the greek government decided to stop negotiations with the eu for a while to hold the referendum which ended the subsidies , which caused the banks going down . 
  it was germany and the rest of the eurozone trying to negotiate with the greek government to avoid exactly the banks going down as they did . 
  also i do not see how germany bailing out german banks is in sharp contrast to the eurozone not continuing the stream of cash to greek banks once tsipras left the negotiating table . 
  and lose to us there , 
  you can have a democratic government and still be occupied . 
  also bonn was also very much dependent on washington . 
  the ctieis they choose also have nothing to with the important cities at the time for a number of civs . 
  i think nazi germany had a ton of influence . 
  but not as much as luthers reformation . 
  the reformation shaped the country for centuries . 
  why not charlemagne then ? 
  these were not leaders of a german country . 
  he also lost a large chunk of german territory . 
  aside from that the allies split germany up . 
  it was not only russia occupying germany, 
  is n't most written german , standard german or very close to standard german ? 
  ah well campaigning ... 
  i think the euro was too ambitious with countries joining not being on par enough . 
  it was in too large parts a political project in my oppinion . 
  right , but honestly i think a large part why they look so good is because how utterly retarded the british government behaves . 
  just being able to whip out a pre created plan for both scenarios should be the expected . 
  i mean junker does n't really have power , but a fairly large amount of publicity . 
  got ta use it somehow, 
  yes in germany you have fiscal transfers between the federal states , but in principle ( at least in the most important branches ) germany is governed from berlin and everyone votes to berlin . 
  if there were say fiscal transfers from germany to estonia , there is no representative for germans in the estonian parliament . 
  all the countries you mentioned that have some sort of fiscal transfer system in place all also have a central government . 
  i think it is very much a principle question on how such a fiscal union should work . 
  he is 12 years older than merkel . 
  i guess it technically might have been possible , but still . 
  also i do n't think him being in a wheelchair particularly matters . 
  honestly if the cdu chose to run with sch\u00e4uble , he would become chancellor and i think he would be a good chancellor . 
  nope .
