america murdered them . 
  also how about racial segregation up until the sixties ? 
  this really is getting old ? 
  also how about those dead indians ? 
  yeah that is right . 
  aroumd 20.3 percent of people in germany have a migration background , but onnthe flipside that means that in every school class there are several people with a migration background . 
  actually germany was pretty diverse throughout its history it basically mosly happened through the forties and fifties that a lot of foreigners in germany were murdered and that the german minorities were cleansed out of eastern europe, 
  tell me about ethnic homogenity in germany france or the us please . 
  you probably can if the country puts it on for sale, 
  you can use special trains to get them back down there or take busses, 
  acutally i was mostly joking albeit dark . 
  the thing is it is not like there is ethnic homgenity anyways . 
  i probably walked past dozens of refugees that i simply didnt recognize , they just mostly look like ordinary foreigners . 
  sorry i camt hover it on mobile and to be honest i would have had no idea where moravia is . 
  the question i see is what has the czech republic to gain by recognizing a possble catalonia versus worsening relations with spain / other eu countries and i dont see the gains being worth themworse relations, 
  isnt that exactly what we are doing right now ? 
  the problem is just that there is not enough persoonell right now so you get a backlog, 
  what is your country ? 
  sorry i dont recognize your flair, 
  yeah lets kill off those filthy jews ... eh i meant muslims, 
  i highly doubt he would tho because he would also lose a good chunk of bavarian voters i would guess because then the cdu would be , candidating here aswell . 
  also the so called retaliation was the cdu also staring as electable in bavaria which has the potential to seriously hurt the csu . 
  i highly doubt tht unless spain recognizes them any of the eu countries will . 
  i also highly dubt russi or china will recognize them and the us most likely wont either . 
  which countries do you expect to recognize them if spain doesnt ? 
  merkel moved her party to the left . 
  one can hardly deny that, 
  they dient force anything they maybr offered terms that were too good but that is hardly forcing them to take any loans . 
  well a country that ins not recogmized by others is not a country, 
  actually by far the biggest groups is people of turkish descent with about 3 million, 
  yeah but even for legal immigration germany is the second most popular target country for immigration in the world after the us, 
  2 countries that account for about a third of the population of the eu got almost a quarter of the seats that is surely utter domination . 
  in germany there live about 16 million people with a migration background accounting to 20.3 % of the total population at the moment, 
  yes surely , but who is using these terms today anymore ? 
  i personally found that germany/germans speaks fairly openly about the crimes that were commitedduring the nazi era . 
  see as someone for whom this is mostly history , even my grandparents are too young to really have memories of the time , it just sometimes pisses me off that nobdy ever talks about the crimes commited against the ordinary german people and it also pisses me off that i always feel like i am talking like a nazi , the people i loathe so much , the people that took the right to be proud of my country the people that twisted so much of german culture so much . 
  the era that did so great damage to the image of germany and a lot of german heritage . 
  i hope this comes of as half reasonable , this is just a topic that gtes me emotional . 
  i do n't want nazi crimes to be forgotten , overlooked or ignored , but i also feel it is just wrong even with how much wrongdoing there had been done at the time to just ignore the stufff that was inflicted upon ordinary people, 
  germanys population is about 80 million so 1 \u2030 would be about 80.000, 
  flight and expulsion is quite an euphemism . 
  there was not a choice . 
  no , but i am just saying that cleansing poland of germans is not fine in my book even if there were also massive crimes comited by germany . 
  see i do n't want to deny that there were massive crimes commited in poland , but i also do n't like when people deny the ethnic cleansing of germans post world war two, 
  yeah that is called ethnic cleansing . 
  poland litteraly forced millions of germans out of poland . 
  so ethnic cleansing of poles is a cruel crime , but ethnic cleansing of germans is just something fine to do ? 
  and danzig was more than 90 % german aswell as several other cities that were annexed by poland, 
  even tho the raf dissolved 17 years ago i somehow doubt i will ever not be confused when reading the acronym, 
  also note that die linke is a party that is fairly regional being basically irelevant in southern germany but one of the big parties in former east germany, 
  i would rather say that she is not one to voice a strong oppinion generally . 
  she is rather reserved in general and mostly voices bigoppinions if they are most likely backed . 
  honesstly i think the most important thing is to not get caught up in finger-pointing , but rather work on solutions . 
  have there been made mistakes in handling the entire situation ? 
  have there been late decisions ? 
  yes for both , but blaming politicians wo n't help solving the problems . 
  another issue that it is hard to get caught up quickly simply because there currently is not enough staff . 
  i think we should wait until we see some results of what happened and try to make things wrok thebest we can . 
  yeah also only 63 % approval . 
  i want to see how many current european leaders have more than that, 
  out of those 100.000 how many are german ? 
  also 100.000 is just above 1 \u2030 of the german population, 
  i would not say that anything about saying her age is odd . 
  it is just a fact that the woman is 51 years old . 
  also merkel did not say that germany has no limit to the number of migrants it can take . 
  she said that the basic right to asylum has no upper limit . 
  she also has been very clear about that people with no perspective to stay will have to leave the country and that people coming to germany only on economic reasons will have to be declined . 
  it is fairlye xpensive to buy appartments in bigger cities . 
  also this varies greatly from where you live . 
  in a more rural area you will generally find more people with owned homes, 
  which translates to `` what are you doing ? '', 
  `` just mopping the floor '', 
  the articlle also specifically mentions that the owner will receive a rent usual for the area ( yes i know that is bad english , but you get the gist ), 
  no that is just how theserefugees get distributed . 
  it is obviously everything on the extreme short term , but nobody forced the city to basically throw someone out of their flats . 
  the article even mentioned that there were empty flats . 
  i just feel it is unnecesary to do things like that but that may very well just be me, 
  yay my hometown right there on the limes , but not named there : / . 
  well it was not that much more thana border point at the time, 
  see i just feel it is reaylly not in good taste to name a drink irish car bombs if fairly recently there were car bombs ued repeatedly by irish terrorists . 
  do you think it would be a good idea selling a drink in new york poking fun at 9/11 ? 
  the name is distatestful i have no idea how the drink tastes, 
  nope there is no cpital punishment in bavria, 
  oh i wanted to write bavaria also fought alongside austria ... 
  i was super convinced i wrote that , but well apparently i didnt, 
  the habsburg camp is the austrian side . 
  the house of habsburg were the rulers of austria, 
  austria and bavaria were probably a lot closer in terms of culture than prussia and bavaria . 
  seems like he confuses central europe and eastern europe . 
  as far as i know neither west germany nor austria were under rule from moscow, 
  yes and bavaria also fought alongide ~ ~ prussia ~ ~ austria in 1866 . 
  no actually not , why are you asking ? 
  it is not like hungary is playing nice in any way either ... 
  oh certainly not that seems incredibly distateful, 
  well yeah there are still tons of ww2 around not only in britain . 
  they find those all the time here , but most of the time it is not really news worthy, 
  oh , then it is a drink with a name in bad taste . 
  there was actually quite a big movemnt in austria after ww1 to become part of germany , but the allies shut that down . 
  people only wanted less and less to become a part of germany due to the actions of hitler . 
  austria not being part of germany is basicallydue to austria loosing the war against prussia in 1866 .
