  sure danzig rightful german clay, 
  there were way more than one million migrants coming to europe ... http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/1/18/immigration_by_country_of_birth%2c_2013_%28%c2%b9%29_yb15.png these are just the immigration statistics for 2013 and that were already well over 1 million from non eu states, 
  and there are more polish immigrants in germany than refugees in 2015 ... 
  we could surely work something out with putin ... 
  he surely does n't have a problem with doing another partition, 
  what do you even mean ? 
  of course these people are physically in poland but that does n't really affect the issues with refugees from syria, 
  it was 800k people applying for asylum predicted right before the statements by merkel were uttered . 
  immigration to germany is an entirely different topic . 
  the most recent numbers i found were from 2013 when there were around 1.3 million immigrants coming to germany, 
  immigration is not the same as refugees . 
  in 2013 there were 1.3 million immigrants coming to germany already ... also you know one of the primary countries of immigrants coming to germany ? 
  poland, 
  because immigration is not the same as taking in refugees ? 
  see there are 1.2 million people with a polish background in germany 1.5 million people with russian background and more than 2.5 million of turkish descent in germany aswell, 
   merkel literally begged for them to come . 
  if she had n't done that , the refugee crisis would be a lot smaller . 
  its this speech that truly started it all that is just plain wrong . 
  do you have any source to back this claim ? 
  also if this was all caused by merkel how were there already predicitions for 800 thousand refugees coming to germany in 2015 before she said anything ? 
   what you like is irrelevant . 
  political centers of the rest of the world gives us a context to place our center in , so we can understand where europe stands politicly , and currently , in the context of the rest of world , europe stands firmly in the radical naive extreme left . 
  well just because everybody else is doing something does not mean they are right . 
  also i think having public health care and public universities is a good thing , even if they are generally far left positions . 
  how do you get the impression that i do n't understand that ? 
  where have i said anything like it ? 
  i even pointed out where the political center in germany is . 
   supporting the importation of 1 million refugees in a few months from africa and the middle east would be considered completely absurd , and to be radical extreme leftism . 
  today , the regular , non-extreme left supports this , and the german conservative party lead by merkel asked for this . 
  that is just not true . 
  we are bound by law to process these asylum application and grant asylum where deemed necessary . 
  also i can assure you merkel and hte cdu would have greatly preferred if people would have stayed in syria but it is just a fact now that they are here and if they have a legitimate reason for asylum they will get it . 
  i also do n't really see why the political centers of the rest of the world would matter . 
  i like it here in europe, 
  uhm but if it is the center how can it be on hte extreme left at the same time ? 
  hm i am under the impression that at least in germany the political right is a lot more slanted to the extreme than the left , but that also just depends on where you draw the center which is probably somewhere slightly to the left of the cdu . 
  france and germany invading each other is so 19th/20th century !, 
  am i just bad in geography or how are poland and romania neighbors ? 
  well berlin was the capital of an an eastern european country for 40 years . 
  the gdr was eastern europe, 
  that 's because eastern germany was basically annxed by a western european state in western germany . 
  still you can see a difference if you rcross the former inner german border . 
  the most common borderline for western/eastern europe just is the iron curtain which means a country like finland is considered western and poland is considered eastern even if finland is more to the east than poland, 
  yes there is no consensus but any map that does n't have central europe it has eastern europe . 
  als ot here still is a fissure through europe along the iron curtain for the most part even if it 's dwindling within germany . 
  well you ca n't really compare the numbers from the 1939 census to those from 1946 by virtue of there being massive annexed territories and there were also the 27 million war time dead, 
  do you have sources to back that up ? 
  tens of millions is an overstatement . 
  maybe you get such a number if you count all ded russians , but that includes the 27 million dead russians/soviets during ww2, 
  what notable ressources does france have ? 
  also the states you mentioned might be allied with the uk , but they are not part of the uk any longer . 
  i personally do n't think that any single european country has the power to pose as a world power , but if you want to include france and the uk i think you have to include germany aswell . 
  currently i would also say that germany has more influence in the world than france or the uk . 
  if you want to call germany a regional power at most ( which is correct in my oppinion ) then the same applies to france or the uk . 
  i think a unified europe could certainly pose as a world power tho , even just a united western europe could be a world power, 
   hitler used the same rationale of ethnic ties as his public justification for his initial annexations . 
  if what hitler did -- use of force justified by national borders not aligned with ethnic ones -- is not to be accepted in europe , why is it more acceptable when putin makes use of the same rationale ? 
  it is not about justfication it is about being able to do it . 
  the allies after ww1 could force germany to cede territories with german majorities . 
  hitler could annex those territories . 
  the russian empire and later the soviet union could russify regions like crimea . 
  poland could polonize regions like silesia or pommerania ... 
  in reality the person who judges what is justified does not matter as long as they do n't have the power to change that or are threatening enough to prevent any actions . 
   only two countries ( britain and france ) could even think about behaving like a world power germany could aswell . 
  germany has a bigger econmy and population than both france and the uk . 
  the only thing that germany does n't direcltly have that france and the uk have is nuclear weapons and if the desire was there to build them i am certain germany could build the infrastructure to build nuclear weapons and the know how certainly is here, 
  see i can see if you do n't want to call germany a big boy , i would n't either but then you should remove france and great britain from that list aswell . 
  germany is certainly not a big military force , but it is a big economic force and the same applies for japan . 
  and we all know that the reason why germany and japan do n't have permanent seats in the unsc is because they lost ww2 ultimately, 
  as for germany you can see extremely well that hte military got cut quite a lot after the iron curtain fell and the immediate threat of soviet invasion was over, 
   its hard to say how powerful russias military is , or any military really . 
  yes it is hard to say exactly , but it is not hard to say that russia could launch nuclear armageddon if they chose to . 
  there is just some absolute power to being able to destroy the world we live in . 
  it is also just not wise to corner the guy that holds a gun to your head . 
  well you could call russia an economic world power but that would put a country like germany or great britain on that level aswell and that 's just not how i see it . 
  to me the big economic world powers are china and the us . 
  also germany is getting about a third of its gas from russia aswell ( which people on this sub hate so much on ), 
  if the goal is to just raze a country to the ground russia can do that very well aswell if you use nuclear force , but yes it takes a while these days to get russian soldiers to more remote locations, 
  militarily russia is still a world power . 
  economocially russia is not a world power after all most things that comes from russia are oil or gas, 
  it 's a pun . 
  eta is commonly used as estimated time of arrival aswell as the basque terror organization, 
  wow ok . at mmy university the students union people are usually doing a pretty decent job , but i also doubt they have the actual power to ban stuff, 
  well that 's the difference between publicly owned universtities and private ones, 
  man here there were huge p rotests when they introduced 500 $ tuition and that has also since already been repealed, 
  well you 'd still have us germans :d, 
  but should n't universities be the places were you can speak what you think the most ? 
  should n't universities be the places for free thinking ? 
  i really hope this does n't get over to germany . 
  but overall i would say most germans are rather direct so it may be not that easy to spill over, 
  yes because if you want to seed and proliferate hatred it is a way if you use these routes to get to europe . 
  for all we know there were lots of others way to get to europe aswell for example air planes, 
  hm that seems weird . 
  the csu that is confined only to bavaria gets exactly the same share of seats as any other party corresponding with their number of votes , even tho they earned an awful lot more direct candidates, 
  you know there are only 100 thousand jews in germany ? 
  that is really not much considering there are 270 thousand buddhists , 250 thousand serbian orthodox christans and 160 thousand jehovas witnesses . 
  there is no huge jewish lobby in germany . 
  for that you would need a big number of jews ... 
  it is more that germany slaughtered jews for the millions in the past which makes being against israel a bit tough at times, 
  germany has been doing quite well even without a major deficit for past years ...
