  well but that you can drive reasonably unhindered from hungary to france is nothing new . 
  we have had those open borders for a fairly long time now, 
  german did not suspend the dublin agreement . 
  what germany did was suspend the dublin deportations for syrians which was well within what the dublin regulations allow . 
  they only give a way to send people back they do n't force them to be sent back . 
  also the situation in countries like hungary where they would have been sent was just catastrophic . 
  do we have confirmation by now that he was a syrian ? 
  the only thing i have heard was that he had a syrian passport, 
  so people break the law and they get prosecuted . 
  that 's how the law is supposed to work, 
  also 50 years later the german empire was proclaimed ... 
  proclaimed in versailles . 
  there is a reason why the term of erbfeindschaft ( heriditary emnity ) was used to describe the franco-german relations . 
  and now they are our closest ally . 
  well if you want to effectively close down the bordre the gdr has demonstrated how you can shut off borders, 
  do you really think tho that isis that is making millions of money daily off oil could n't afford to enter the eu regularly ? 
  see our vice chancellor today said `` as a free country we are always more vulnerable than a country that sacrifices freedom for safety '' and i think that is right . 
  also not taking in people fleeing from the syrian civil war wo n't help fighting isis because they still can enter europe with their means . 
  i do n't think so . 
  one thing i feel is that there are disproportionally many people from eastern europe here these days tho, 
  yes i think so too . 
  it also just seems reasonable that if you want to incite hatred against muslims and muslim migrants in europe to have you attackers go through one of the checkpoints so people will see they were registered as migrants . 
  do n't be a fool . 
  a majority of germans supports the government, 
  the soviet anthem is great, 
  and if the goal of a terrorist attack is to drive a further wedge between muslims and non-muslims this seems sensible to do first . 
  let 's face it if isis wanted they could access fake passports and would have the logistics to get into europe legally . 
  merkel was saying that because the system in hungary was close to collapsing and wanted to provide some relief to eastern european countries ... 
  in germany it is in 2017 . 
  also with how the political situation is developing and the ruling parties losing some votesit seems like there will be a grand coalition simply because no smaller coalition can reach a point of government . 
  ok then i stand corrected . 
  germany did n't suspend the dublin agreement . 
  also what that article describes is openly defying the rules, 
  dublin was never suspended . 
  the only thing that was suspended was the deportation for syrians according to the dublin procedure, 
  fyi the dublin rules allow for creating a new asylum application process . 
  they allow people to be sent back but they do n't mandate that, 
  so first people complain because germany is not sending back people according to schengen and now they do if they apply european law ? 
  i fully expected downvotes . 
  i still think it is important enough to say it even if a lot of people here might disagree . 
  i do n't see al qaida performing that many terrorist attacks anymore . 
  also i do n't see the is stopping bringing the terror to us if we do n't fight them . 
  see of course an invasion is not a good course , but what course is better ? 
  i think it is shameful to point to refugees after a terrorist attack like this . 
  these are the people fleeing from isis and you blame them for the actions of said terror regime ? 
  so how do you propose to fight this ? 
  not necessarily . 
  german universities are state funded, 
  how could this backfire ? 
  i am pretty certain that the vast majority of germans supports this, 
  the issue was that there was a big outcry in the german public and merkel had to do something to not lose face domestically . 
  they already tried to downplay it but they also have to appease their voters, 
  no i do n't see the spd gaining enough traction . 
  frankly i am not seeing any party topple the cdu/csu without them dying in infighting, 
  the greens would need to rriple their vore share fror that . 
  i dont see that happening, 
  the only thing that this does that it further cements the grand coalition, 
  all those german outer eu borders !, 
  i think sch\u00e4uble might be a candidate, 
  yeah that is the fucking jo of those agencies thats why you pay them . 
  it was already fucking stupid to create such an outrage because the us was spying on germany . 
  after all thats what you have spies for . 
  also to put in perspective the entire german government budget is about 300 bn $ . 
  on what ground is that lawsuit ? 
  i do n't see our government throwing blames around . 
  what speeches where the government condemned those eastern european nations do you refer to ? 
  yeah those lithuanians in london are truly a scourge, 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  for the most part i have been arguing against people twisting the words of merkel and for a european distribution of refugees . 
  i read your comment , but frankly `` closing the borders '' is not the most pressing issue . 
  also everyone supports stricter border controls at the eu outer borders , but matter of the fact is the greek navy does n't do it and so do other outer borders from schengen . 
  germany has no outer eu borders, 
  you know that these detention centers will be very very hard to sell to the german people at least . 
  also again how do you pay for the highly increased costs for these camps ? 
  also what airplanes will be used to fly people out to these camps if they are found in europe ? 
  honestly that seems extremely costly ( and it is extremely costly for australia ), 
  and how does that matter now ? 
  there is no point in discussing what could have been but rather we should discuss how we solve the problems at hand . 
  how do you ensure people wo n't simply ignore these camps ? 
  also it still standas that a lot of the people come via turkey, 
  so how do you handle people coming from the middle east which are the biggest issue for the most part . 
  do you think turkey will support a foreign refugee camp on their soil ? 
  i really am tired of fighting those statements . 
  germany invited nobody . 
  there was a proclaimed welcome culture tho . 
  also germany did not scrap the dublin agreement . 
  germany ceased to pursue deportations under the dublin agreement which is perfectly within the boundaries of said agreement . 
  also the refugee wave already was rising before those so called invitations . 
  how does that solve the issues at hand with people already being here . 
  also where do you want to bring them back ? 
  where do you get these territories from ? 
  who pays for that ? 
  how do you acquire and secure that land ? 
  who pays for the extra costs such a solution would bring ? 
  well on a global level i do n't see how you would push that through but i think this is a good thing tho starting in europe seems sensible to me you definitely have to be in talks with turkey and russia . 
  we may not like them but they are important players a crisis management fund seems fine . 
  we have such a list and it includes all eu countries , but that does n't change that the conditions in camps for example in hungary were demeed inhumane i fully agree on a separation . 
  i do n't see how you would create such a terirtory outside of the eu tho . 
  also this would require a distribution within europe directly . 
  no of course not .
