  it is about helping peple fleeing from civil war . 
  also if those countries do n't want to get people in their own country they could contribute wtih money if they prefer that . 
  also i would not use central europe because the majority of central europe is simply germany/austria . 
  how is funneling everybody into germany a solution for germany ? 
  that is not a solution at all . 
  uhm germany is part of central europe . 
  so is austria for example . 
  also i do n't see anybody proposing a better solution . 
  a solution where the burden of the refugee countered is not mostly handled by a handful countries, 
  keep in mind that that `` german '' solution was also backed by basically all of western europe . 
  also i have not yeet seen a proposition from an eastern european country that is in line with things like the eu charta of human rights or the geneva refugee convention . 
  croatia and slovenia are . 
  also eastern europe has been adamantly pushing against a european solution and i do n't see how to solve it without some sort of unity, 
  well only austria prevailed from that . 
  after ww1 a merge of germany and austria was basically foiled by the allies . 
  well i certainly hope my government increases the pressure on eastern europe . 
  well all this current crisis does is that it makes political change impossible because basically the only viable coalition is a grand coalition by now . 
  see in germany there were usually 3-5 parties in the parliament with cdu and spd being the biggest ones both getting 35 % + of the votes usually . 
  they were usually able to get a government going with one of the small parties . 
  now the smaller parties got bigger and we most likely will have 2 parties in the bundestag ( afd and die linke ) that will get somewhere in the 20 % of seats which means that none of the big parties can form a government with one of the smaller parties which then leads to the grand coalition between cdu and spd . 
  also keep in mind that merkel has already been backtracking her statements now pushing to again apply dublin . 
  i honestly think we will see another term with merkel . 
  the only other chancellor i could imagine at this point is probably the finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble . 
  oh of course . 
  i just think it is a shame how much destruction was brought upon the world during that war . 
  i do n't want that `` city '' , if that is what you mean . 
  honestly i would be glad if it would be given to poland or lithuania just to end this border gore , but we know that wo n't happen . 
  so then for example if my british company made lots of profits you would also be fine if those profits were transferred to a bank in let 's say luxembourg and pay taxes in luxembourg ? 
  because we chose which laws we apply do n't we ? 
  also germany just wants a strong european union and britain leaving that would just hurt the union . 
  honestly i am certain that berlin and paris would be very pleased if london was more on board with the idea of the eu, 
  there are countries that did n't break the maastricht criteria ? 
  but thats mostly because fptp is a pretty stupid system because something like this can happen . 
  honestly i really am not a fan of ukip but a party with 12.9 % of the votes should get roughly that percentage of seats ( or well a bit more to account for votes for parties that did n't enter parliament ), 
  still does n't change that it was a beatiful city even if it was ravaged 70 years ago . 
  well we got the whole balkans putting people onto trains to my country and apparently people think thats fine . 
  which is a shame . 
  that was once a beatuful city . 
  no that your statement is just bullshit . 
  there was never a big show about inviting anyone . 
  there was a mood of welcoming those people that have suffered . 
  germany showed some empathy at the time . 
  the conditions in hungary were unbearable at the time . 
  `` dublin-proceedings of syrian nationals are at this current point in time for the most part factually not being pursued further by us . '', 
  also does that sound like an open invitation to you ? 
  that basically just means what it says that factually the dublin procedure is not pursued for syrian citizens, 
  also the current process basically just cements the current government because this is the only viable coalition that can happen realistically , we will have 20 % + of the seats in parties that wo n't form a coalition ( afd , die linke ) which effectively means that only cdu/csu and spd can govern together even if they lose some more percentages, 
  yes she said repeatedly that asylum by \u00a7 16a gg knows no upper limits that is just a fact , it is how the constitution is written . 
  and because we ignored it back then now that the issues became bigger we ignore it again instead of tackling it ? 
  i am sure you actually read the original statements where this is based on ? 
  can you provide some source for that please ? 
  uhm merkel changing her views is nothing new . 
  it is the most constant thing about her, 
  i am fairly certain that just technically it is not , he most likely had his lawyers close if there was a hole . 
  there was a lot of backlash against that people were really angry, 
  firstly the dublin regulations do n't require to send the people back , you can also start a new asylum procedure . 
  secondly , do you suggest that it would have solved anything to send people back to a country like hungary with how the situation there was ? 
  that would have been overruled at the german supreme court because that would have been deemed to go against \u00a7 1 gg ( human dignity is inviolable ) . 
  every other country simply ignored dublin aswell by the way . 
  also hungary just tried to deflect the flow away from hungary . 
  hungary never offered to take anyone in . 
  hungary jut build a fence to keep people away from their country not solving anything and those that were already there were transported by the hungarian government to the austrian border essentially acting as traffikers themselves, 
  well you hve to combat missinformation so much is true . 
  the migrants/refugees should just not be allowed to chose where they go to . 
  how the hell did germany cause this ? 
  did german bombers layed fire to damascus or aleppo ? 
  also is your idea of a solution just to tell thesepeople they have no rights that you just do n't give a fuck about things like human rights ? 
  also keep in mind that the dublin procedure would have required the first country of entry to set up the application process and instead all they did was funneling them north . 
  what did eastern european countries did to solve the problem ? 
  how many people did they take in ? 
  how many people did they just funnel north ignoring their so called allies ? 
  well it is not exactly there is help from a lot of other european countries, 
  yes the gobernment knew but they also had to appease their voters, 
  the romanian president being named klaus seems so weird . 
  like if the german president was named massimo or francois, 
  austria is taking in just as many as germany on a per capita base . 
  obviously a country of 8 million cant take as mch as a country of 80 millions, 
  how is it missleading ? 
  the majority stayed but there also was a part that split of . 
  i never claimed that it was anything close to a majority splitting off, 
  you pointed out that the new party basically failed , but that does n't undo the fact that the mostly economic wing split off, 
  well one of hte main differences is that hungary just goes : `` not our problem , who cares for dirty muslims '' while austria is taking in people and just gets overburdened because that is what happens when you send everyone to a handful countries, 
  no in easte germany there are the least migrants by quite a margin . 
  in general east germany still is poorer than west germany tho, 
  yes , but still that wing of the party split off leaving the nationalistic core behind after the econonomic topics got pulled, 
  and i think even if a far right party got to 45 % of the seats the other 55 % of votes would probably look to form a government together, 
  well but what he did was not illegal just scummy . 
  also having gas is also a pretty big german interest . 
  i also do n't think our politicians are really that corrupt and also people are lookign to get the percentage of russian gas down ( it is a little under 40 % in 2012 ; source : http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/energie/article125380438/deutschland-hat-die-groessten-erdgasspeicher-europas.html ) . 
  it is just not that easy to get fully rid of that and i also think it is unnecessary to fully stop buying russian gas . 
  no it is not all about ukraine . 
  those pipelines were planned and executed before the ukraine crisis emerged . 
  yes and there was a huge public backlash for that in germany . 
  people got really really fucking mad at schr\u00f6der for that move . 
  also in reliablle partner i emant that in the past 40 years when there were gas deliveries between the su/west germany and russia/germany that these contracts were always upheld . 
  i was purely referring to the relations between germany and russia regarding gas deliveries, 
  german companies acting in their own economic interest ? 
  what a shocker , thats what companies do . 
  i still would ask you to not equate the german government with german companies . 
  germany is not under communism,
