  the soviets probably had a hand in it , but the us also definitely had its hand in creating modern terrorism . 
  both sides funded and armed terrorists . 
  i would think that 3 dimensions still fall way too short . 
  you could probably make an analysis on dozens of axis at least . 
  prety sure they can affird translators, 
  are finland and sweden really neutral only on paper ? 
  austria is also pretty obviously entrenched in `` the west '' . 
  your account may be true , almost assuredly it is somewhere in between . 
  it is very hard in my experience to find reliable sources that are not biased one way or another . 
  i would also dare to say that historically czech and bohemian are not the same . 
  the kings of bohemia ( and also emperors of the holy roman empire ) were habsburgers for a long time ( roughly since the 1500s ) and bohemia had a large german population aswell ( in this context german usually refers to german speaking as there is no country of germany at this time ) . 
  i also do not think that having a minority does not give them the right to aim to break up the country , but i also just do not think that it was a good idea to have these territories that were almost exclusively german ( again german speaking is what i mean here ) in czechoslovakia . 
  i think it makes it understandable though that if you feel a stronger affiliation to a different country than the one your plot of land was assigned to and if you feel misstreated by the government ( regardless of if this is true or not ) that you will not be terribly said if said country comes and `` liberates '' you . 
  also moving out of your all german ( speaking ) community because you do not want to be in a country that is not your country does not seem particularly easy or really necessary ( considering that the area is relatively homogenous german ) , it just was assigned to be czechoslovak territory, 
  just one question though : did n't czechoslovakia in the interwar period also try to supress the german minority in its borders and looking . 
  did n't the czechoslovak state fairly openly favor czechs over germans ? 
  also you should not forget that these people did not choose to be in czechoslovakia just that the land they were living on was given to czechoslovakia after ww1 ? 
  is it not understandable that these people would welcome their countrymen ? 
  the conflict there seems to be one that very easily arises when national borders do not match ethnic borders . 
  to me it feels like this is something that often falls by the wayside and especially poles seem to disregard . 
  granted this is only my personal perception . 
  well the uk is out now anyways . 
  so then why is ethnic cleansing by eastern europeans justified ? 
  what ? 
  that does not even make sense . 
  i can understand the response , that does not make it just in any way though . 
  would you say that it would have been just to annex large parts of france after the 1870/71 war ? 
  also lots were killed , in the hundreds of thousands at least . 
  that number just pales in comparison to those that were expelled/fled and could n't return . 
  the us also kept france and the netherlands for example from annexing large parts of germany . 
  why should those countries not annex large parts of germany if it was justified for poland to do it ? 
  or maybe czechoslovakia could have annexed some parts of germany aswell ? 
  well it was founded as a german merchant settlement . 
  it was also under the rule of the teutonic knights for quite a while and it was part of the german hanse . 
  even when danzig was under the rule of the commonwealth there still was a large german speaking group and the city was granted some level of autonomy at least . 
  and why does that matter ? 
  or would you say there is a legitimate german claim to danzig or stettin these days because these cities are only polish because of ethnic cleansing ? 
  it is also at least debatable if danzig for example was polish purely before . 
  the german hanse for example was also in danzig . 
  germans were also victims . 
  germans were also largely perpetrators , but these things are not mutually exclusive . 
  do you dispute that germans were a vicitm in the ethnic cleansings in poland after the war ? 
  do you think that because horrible crimes were commited against a country that gives said country the right to commit crimes themselves ? 
  so you were a `` reich '' more than once  reich is nothing more than the german word for empire , not to be confused with reich , which means rich . 
  this is not about bragging or about competition . 
  this is about also commemorating german victims . 
  what is immoral or stupid about numbers ? 
  so the city got destroyed ? 
  lots of german cities got destroyed in the war . 
  lots of cities in general were destroyed . 
  germany ravaged warsaw, 
  no i do n't want to compare anything . 
  i just want to point out that bad things did not only happen to poland or poles , but also against germans by poles . 
  i am also not bragging about anything . 
  i am just saying that these territories were almost completely german . 
  that is pretty much a historical fact . 
  it is also a fact that more than 8 million germans were forced to leave their homes and were not allowed to return and that these areas were seized by poland . 
  i honestly do not see what your giant problem is with pointing these things out . 
  it is not like i am making them up . 
  you can be of the oppinion that it was not a genocide ( which i am pretty damn sure you are ) or that it was justified to perform mass expulsions , but that still does not mean that i think that these things were right or just . 
  and yet the numbers are true . 
  that link does not work . 
  here you can see the numbers if you want : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_city_of_danzig#population it shows 95 % german population in 1923 . 
  also just calling me a nazi with nothing backing it up really does not make your position look strong . 
  i know , but still i just dislike the sentiment that what was done to germans after the war was somehow justified . 
  to my understanding what happened to the germans in now poland also meets the criteria of a genocide . 
  i do n't want anything back , i just wish people would accept that what was done in the past was also not right , that it somehow was just to strip the people of their properties , of their homes of their lives , just as it was unjust to do these things to the poles . 
  i am a nazi for pointing towards crimes perpetrated against my country ? 
  or do you dispute that expelling millions of people from their homes is a crime or that forcefully annexing another countries territory is wrong ? 
  am i trying to justify the actions of the nazis in any way ? 
  am i saying in any way that what they did was right ? 
  the territories that were annexed by poland held an almost exclusively german population . 
  that is a fact . 
  that they were annnexed by poland is also a fact . 
  you can look at a map of europe you will see it . 
  danzig had an almost exclusively german population ( moreso than modern berlin for example ) according to the census of 1923 . 
  and poland expelled more than 8 million people from german territories and seized upon all the property . 
  do you need a list of major polish cities that were annexed from germany after ww2 ? 
  germans have killed hundreds of thousands even millions , but in the aftermath of the war hundreds of thousands of germans also were killed and millions were stripped of their homes . 
  the difference is that germany acknowledges this while poland does not . 
  you do n't really want to tell me that cities like danzig or stettin were somehow rightful polish land ? 
  also the annexation of large parts of german territory ... 
  was n't france an empire more than once ? 
  why should in your oppinion germany pay for the greek fuck ups ? 
  and greece was also given absolutely massive loans and some debt relief ? 
  if the uk were to stop trade with the eu completely the country would collapse rather quickly . 
  what lie ? 
  there is no single market without freedom of movement . 
  show me those reports from jan 1 or jan 2 . 
  i am not saying what was done was good or well done , but i definitely do not think it was censorship, 
  the thing is the german government has no direct way to create the confidence the markets currently lack in my oppinion . 
  it is not germany that is favouring these ultra low interest rates . 
  also looking at the impact they have on the union and not on the country will always make the impact of large countries look larger . 
  slowing global trade down is also not what germany wants , but rather to maintin a stable budget to not make debts that people in 20 or 30 years might struggle to repay in a time where the economy is doing reasonably well, 
  do you support also sanctioning bulgaria , cyprus , france , croatia , italy , portugal ( all with excessive imbalances ) aswell as ireland , slovenia , spain , finland , the nehterlands and sweden ( who are all in the same imbalance category as germany ) ? 
  there are only 6 countries monitored under the mip that show no imbalances and those are austria , belgium , estonia , hungary , romania and the uk source : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/economic_governance/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure/mip_reports/index_en.htm, 
  he is reffering to the trade surplus not the government surplus ... 
  right it would not have been possible to rack up that surplus with the mark , just as portugal 's household would not work if the euro was not pressing interest rates on portugese bonds . 
  also the vast majority of the german trade surplus does not come from within the eurozone , but from outside it . 
  also it is not like that money is just sitting in government accounts ...
