  you get the picture . 
  the largest exposure to greek debt was in greece and not in germany or france . 
  also of course german , dutch or french banks will hold these bonds simply because these are some of the largest banks in the ez  this is a crisis of capitalism and a reckless finance sector . 
  this is a crisis of governments and the european central bank both with their absolutely reckless policy, 
  the euro is hardly helping germny . 
  right now we have germans fotting the bill for southern europe failing to reform their economies . 
  you have savers paying with what they saved up for rent . 
  germany 's rise is not the result of the euro , but rather the result of reforms to increase competitiveness . 
  ordinary german people also lose out in a currency that is undervalued . 
  the ecb is just following a completely mad policy . 
  no for muslims we make a green moon !, 
  maybe a moon with an m ? 
  and which of these rpresents every citzen equally ? 
   and the reason for that is because we have 45 years of market economy and democratic rule of catching-up to do . 
  because while you guys were rebuilding your industries , democracies , and enjoying all the marshall-plan money from the usa , we were essentially a protectorate of the soviets . 
  and ee is getting more than we got from the marshall plan and still i see the demand for yet more continously . 
   it may seem that ee is giving little in return to the west , but if you dig deeper you 'll see that 's not entirely true . 
  aside from the fact that it expanded the eu 's free market , virtually anything privatized in ee is owned by western corporations . 
  so yeah - we may pay less into eu 's budget , but essentially anything valuable in our countries is owned by you . 
  it may seem that eu migrants are only coming for the free money , but you 're ignoring the fact that currently there 's a massive brain drain in ee , with virtually everyone highly qualified and educated leaving for the west . 
  those three things alone are enough for we to want/need ee in the eu , despite what may seem like ee just draining resources from the west . 
  the way i see it these things are not really connected to the eu though . 
  the eu did not force ee to privatize their state companies . 
  also a number of these happened before the ascension to the eu . 
  migration of bright people is also something that happens . 
  some of the brightest people here go to the us . 
  granted the eu makes it easier to move to western europe . 
   think of it like this - after the fall of the berlin wall , how much money did west germany invest into rebuilding east germany ? 
  do you believe that spending was justified , i.e. 
  do you think the east just drained the west for resources ? 
  what happened to the people of east germany , and what did the west gain ? 
  as for a sum you are looking at $ 2 trillion and another 100 billion annually . 
  i think that spending was justified . 
  that was another part of germany a part of the same state . 
  why should western europe feel the same obligation as west germany felt to its brother in the east ? 
   think of it as an investment . 
  while the east may be weak and poor now , in 20-30 years it 's likely to be on par with the west , assuming continuing support . 
  and then you will have the other half of the continent as equally strong and influential allies . 
  that 's also part of the reason why the eu is heavily investing in non-eu peripheral contries - if your neighbours are strong and rich , you will be strong and rich too . 
  the thing is should i really want `` allies '' though that mostly give demands while giving nothing back only pointing out that they are still poorer when it comes to participating in common tasks ? 
  think of the reaction of ee during the refugee crisis for example . 
  you see the very same rhetoric coming from these countries that you saw when the eu expanded eastwards and still they insist that they are so much different . 
  well the issue i have is that i feel that ee often demands a lot , mostly in terms of money and security and gives very little in return . 
  eastern europe has been going against further integration in the eu a lot and has been very unhelpful during the migrant crisis , you see millions of people migrating westwards to fill out manual labor . 
  i also just think that we could have upsides like getting access to the trade market there also without having them be part of the eu , but rather positioning us as allies outside the eu . 
  i also just do not think that it matters so much if some of them are more closely aligned with russia because overall eastern european states generally have little weight internationally . 
   you 're right that militarily ee is very weak , compared to the west , but the same can be said about we compared to the usa well that is why we are allied with the us . 
  if people saw the us attacking western europe as a realistic scenario then there would be more of a push towards security , but as of now a scenario where a conventional attack occurs against western europe just seems very unlikely . 
   the poles in particular have bad experience of expecting help from west of europe while getting crushed from both sides poland really seems to live in the past a lot while demanding to be taken as a serious power in europe . 
  you see constant jabs about the past , taking pushes against their allies . 
  it seems so pathetic how the polish government is encouraging anti german resentments instead of looking forward . 
  see but still that doesnt answer at all why we need ee or what they bring towards the eu aside from disunity and a drain of ressources . 
  if we did not have to accomodate for ee it might be a lot easier to stand unified, 
  having a law restricting free movement for some part of your citizens but not for others could easily get you in trouble with the constitution, 
  in genral southern germany is the best off with the lowest unemployment , closing in on full employment, 
  how so ? 
  also that people domt want war over things they dont really care about is a fact . 
  and to be completely honest why should a normal guy care more abou some tiny country in the east attacked than that they have proper heating or that they might have to die in that war ? 
  so people dont want war . 
  not exactly suprising . 
  still it odes not make sense for germany to not respond and gladly it is not the people that make that decision . 
  this was also conducted when this was not really a scenario that was all that probable, 
  because these are infrastructures that are critical for security . 
  how would we feel if for example ambulance drivers were to decide to go on a strike ? 
  i absolutely agree with your viewpoint . 
  i just feel like a lot of people here ( not necessarily including you ) see this issue very one sided, 
  and i think you are raising some very solid points . 
  i just dislike the double standard that so many people seem to apply to ukraine/russia . 
  actually there has n't been much striking going on and we are closing in on full employment in frankonia, 
  why the fuck are workers at nuclear plants allowed to go on strike ?!!, 
  what would people say though if the roles were reversed ? 
  and also just wrong, 
  that is also not the point of a bailout loan . 
  it may not be 100 % certain , but it is like 99 % sure . 
  i really hope sch\u00e4uble presses his views here, 
  assuming they share the same political oppinion ? 
  also in general the ordinary people do n't want war they want to live in peace , everywhere in the world . 
  setting up a gmbh is like some of the most basic business things to do just as you do want to keep your private property out of the business as much as possible . 
  i never even did it myself and i know that ( granted my mom did it so i picked something up there ) . 
  well that is pretty much what the article is , but anyways : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_aerial_reconnaissance_of_the_soviet_union these are admittedly old incidents , but newer ones obviously wo n't be declassified . 
  that said i would think it would be kinda foolish for the american air force not to test repsond times aswell . 
  as always the rule is not to get caught . 
  the issue is the way you set them up legally . 
  say i pay into the public pension fund then my contributions there can not be seized , but if i save privately say i have stock in money that is in theory dedicated to old age , but it legally just is your asset that can be used to pay for debt . 
  honestly i think a big issue here that the guy simply had bad legal counsel with how his whole company and savings were set up and he lost everything as a result . 
  also i do n't think he could receive the welfare money and go to another country and live cheaper . 
  he could however move out of munich ( which is pretty much the most expensive city in germany ) . 
  well but these camps do not exist at the moment . 
  they do n't have a special right to come here , but i think we have a special obligation to help as the richest countries on earth . 
  we just are the ones able to help . 
  also north africa is not closer to syria than europe . 
  no they should not you are right in that that is up to the decisions of our courts . 
  i still think that it is right for europe to take a share of the burden be it in form of monetary contributions or taking in people from the region and i definitely think that europe did too little so far . 
  i do not think that what sweden does solves the problem in any way , but i do support the way my government is at least trying to solve the issue while preserving humanity, 
   what does that even mean ? 
  if you are in a place where you do n't get shelled , but starve that is not good . 
  if you are fleeing from war to a place where you are subject to degrading and humiliating treatment i do not fault you for trying to get somewhere where you are not subject to that . 
   do n't really care lmao . 
  i like how you said it politely as possible . 
  get some backbone , this is why german men are seen as weak .
