  that is plain racism and we can not allow this . 
  do what exactly ? 
  you ca n't force other countries in the eu to cooperate with germany . 
  maybe we get a different government in 2021 or 2025, 
  yes not all people fleeing may be from war zones and those that are not should be deported anyways in general . 
  but you ca n't deport people to warzones really simply due to human rights and yes human rights also apply to criminals . 
  the police was stretched thinly on nye . 
  not that much you can do with little amount of men, 
  well the law is pesky right ? 
  that was mostly the tipping point where the greek crisis faded out of the public and the refugee crisis really started to get public attention . 
  you can find reports from 2013 on 400k syrian refugees in turkey already ... 
  well if someone is in favour of xenophobia and autocratic policies i am not allowed to call that person a fascist or nazi ? 
  if you hold the positions of a nazi why should i not call that person a nazi ? 
  there is basically no chance for a politician to the right of trump rise in germany . 
  even the afd does n't seem that far right . 
  maybe the npd . 
  vienna has n't been german since 1945 . 
  i personally would think that if history played out a bit differently vienna might have very well ended up german though, 
  or you know because there are laws in place . 
  the geneva convention is not suddenly void because it does n't fit us . 
  somehow germany is one of the few countries that really feels a duty to follow these treaties . 
  also our government wanted to avoid a humanitarian crisis in greece or hungary at all cost . 
  no but a strong sense of following international law and following stuff like the geneva convention and avoiding a humanitarian crisis at all cost . 
  and who should be that ? 
  it is not like there is another political party that could seriously challenge merkel . 
  i wo n't say never i just say that the chance that the next french president being named marine lepen is more likely than merkel not being reelected . 
  you know what ? 
  this is inexcusable , but using this as an excuse to demonize hundreds of thousands of people is aswell, 
  generalizations like this are just stupid, 
  but the uk doing little is n't a good argument for france doing little aswell . 
  but is that really for them to decide or not for the french state ? 
  i think that those need to be processed through the asylum system and should be granted proper asylum in france . 
  in the cases where they do n't tell you where they are from you could detain them . 
  anyways how are these people even provide a livinghood in calais ? 
  honestly this is pretty tough for me to evaluate considering that my country does n't have any outer borders . 
  my mind say 's that it is a necessary step , but i am not sure i would see that the same way if i was really affected by it . 
  these are religious holidays . 
  how does that have nothing to do with secularism ? 
  go there and tell the people that they have to immediately register and apply for asylum or leave the country ? 
  but you could introduce legislature to empower frontex and give it more funding as necessary . 
  and what if they dont tell you or the place is not deemed safe ? 
  germany is coping fine having basically full employment in parts of the country ( mostly in the south ), 
  true but does it hurt to pay respect to the beliefs of other people ? 
  these are their highest holidays, 
  deported where . 
  also you cant just deport people to a place where their lives are in danger, 
  deport the where ? 
  on what legal ground ? 
  well because youd need countries working together for that . 
  what you basically described is the hotspot and auota system , but there is a lot of countries blockading that, 
  it should be fairly doable for france to deal with 18k more . 
  heck even small sweden deals with ten times that, 
  france has holidays on easter , pentecost and christmas aswell as other christian holidays, 
  see even for her policy regarding refugees which easily is her most controversial she still has 42 % at least somewhat satisfied ( article was from 18.12.15 keep that in mind ) . 
  right now it seems extremely likely that merkel will be reelected 2017 . 
  overall germany managed very well with her as chancellor drastically reducin unemployment for example and navigating both the financial and the euro crisis well . 
  she just got reelected party president wit only 2 votesvagainst her, 
  but youd need something resembling a majority for that, 
  and she will be reelected, 
  sothen you also support the abolition of holidays on easter or christmas ? 
  well we have easter or christmas for example, 
  uhm at least in germany there are school holydays on christmas and easter, 
  yes people also have the right to not be shot , but still you allow massive numbers of guns in the us ... 
  nobody is preventing them from going there either . 
  facilities in countries like greece or hungary just are utterly unsuitable to fulfill their duties under the dublin agreements so we had to allow people to travel through to avoid an even larger humanitarian crisis, 
  yes and it is not working when half of europe is working against it . 
  also you have no central places to distribute them from  what is lacking is the will and the mechanisms to actually redistribute people without each transfer having to be individually agree-to and arranged at the highest level of government , like it is now in practice . 
  absolutely agree . 
   without a functioning redistribution system , the hotsposts plan is the rest of europe going back to shovin the problem on the border nations . 
  there is literally no reason for us to agree to a hotspot system when even redistribution of registered refugees that has already been agreed is n't happening . 
  yes but you have to start at some point . 
  currently people get shoved into germany , austria or sweden . 
  i think people should be distributed evenly with neither italy or greece getting an extreme burden nor germany or sweden . 
  i think we need a solution for the entirety of europe , but i feel that especially from ee a lot of people are gainst that . 
  there was also a recent ted talk from the un high commisoner for refugees : http://www.ted.com/talks/antonio_guterres_refugees_have_the_right_to_be_protected, 
  well that was pretty much expected and there is also just no way the csu can really stand up to the cdu . 
  that 's why we should set up these hotspots in the entry countries and actually have border patrols to ensure that these people ca n't go deeper into europe without registering . 
  after you register them you fly them out to the country they get allocated . 
  the issue is that wihout hotspots there can be no coordinated redistribution . 
  i think it is the best availablecourse of action to get a solution going , but currently it seems like the eu is just all infighting instead of standing together, 
  well too many countries working against a solution where people are registered upon entry and then redistributed . 
  uhm of course you can . 
  we have freedom of movement in the eu, 
  why should we give them a choice ? 
  what we should do in my oppinion is to set up mass reception centres in greece/hungary/italy financed by the eu to register people orderly then fly them out to the countries they get allocated to according to the quotas . 
  what you do to keep them in place is to tie any benefits to staying in the country they are assigned and if they are caught elsewhere they will get sent back to where they got allocated, 
  pretty funny dutch feels pretty similar to me, 
  it is usually half doable to at least get the gist of a dutch text speaking german and english, 
  i took that number from wikipedia and even then crimea with an area of 27 000 km \u00b2 does not really matter when we are talking these magnitudes, 
  how comes russia is 17\u00a0100\u00a0000 km \u00b2 but you list only 7.5 mio km \u00b2, 
  i feel like the guy is ending his political career himself more and more . 
  they are basically a center government . 
  it is a coalition of the big two parties in germany , the center right cdu as the party of angela merkel and the center left spd forming a grand coalition . 
  the cdu used to be politically more to the right but under merkel it steered more to the political center . 
  decisions like ending conscription are not traditionally policies associated with the cdu . 
  at its base communism is democracy at its purest just that it ignores that not all people are equal and that people are greedy at leat in my oppinion . 
  it is a utopia for the most part . 
  yes , but even if an authoritarian government is good ( and there are examples for that for sure ) there is always a fairly big risk because not timely limited authoritarian governments ( dictators in old rome ) carry a big risk of these people going bad . 
  as you said even the rise of hitler was arguably good for the german population in the first time . 
  that seems more like a statement fueled by ideology tbh .
