  the most likely scenario i woukd say right now is the current government to be reelected and merkel be chnacellor again . 
  the next president is steinmeier . 
  that is also not exactly an election because that is basically decided now , because president is not elected directly in germany but rather by parliament and additional delegates sent by the german states, 
  the paragraph the other guy posted says that sthose that want to apply for asylum and properly register with the authorities wont get prosecuted . 
  so it is how it makes sense . 
  i would say small right now . 
  we will either see cdu csu plus grrens or cdu csu plus spd where he could then become vice chancellor, 
  do you really need to be fluent in german , english and french in luxembourg ? 
  it is the same hyperbole . 
  saying there are potential 1.5 billion refugees is about as ridiculous as saying there are 40 million possible polish immigrants to germany . 
  justl ike there are more than 100 million potential immigrants from ee ? 
  not if you want to stay rich . 
  if your car breaks down you pay someone to fix it ... 
  you and me we both live in countries that were founded on unification of different culltures though and in both germany and italy there still are fairly large regional differences . 
  trade is not always the most important thing . 
  germany will absolutely let the uk leave the single market unless they want to subscribe to the pillars of that and pay into it , which would also of course include free movement . 
  the european project in general at least here in germany is i think valued significantly higher than a small dip in trade, 
  and where do you get these camps from ? 
  aand more importantly where do oyu send ppl that get their asylum application approves ? 
  and from these hotspots what do you do with accepted refugees ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sack_of_constantinople_ ( 1204 ), 
  honestly in a lot of areas you do n't really need a car and outside of major cities the threshhold where you ca n't have your own little flat is well below that poverty line of like 900 $ and even then there is government aid, 
  if that agreement was part of the treaty than i would absolutely agree . 
  fact of the matter it is not though . 
  i am expecting america to hold up a treaty it signed . 
  not more not less . 
  i really do n't get why some people do n't seem to get the difference between a loose agreement and a binding treaty . 
  heck i am not against raising the german military budget to that level , but we can not make the treaty depend on soemthing that was a lose agreement and not part of the treaty . 
  you do know the government ca n't just magically increase wages and get up consumption ? 
  then nato is dead though . 
  i agree the us is free to choose where they send their soldiers to war . 
  if they do n't want to hold onto the core tenant of nato in common defense then they should leave nato . 
  there is a huge difference between a binding treaty like nato and a nonbinding agreement like the budget one . 
  there is already a huge amount of money . 
  there is just nowhere good to invest said money, 
  it is not on trump to decide how germany spends its money though . 
  an agreement that was not binding, 
  there is no really good outlets to invest money anymore though . 
  there simply are no yields, 
  because thank god italy did n't require one . 
  still there would have been one if that had come necessary . 
  also during the 2008 crisis austerity was not a thing . 
  nowhere . 
  every country ran massive deficits at that point . 
  only after that during the euro crisis there was realy a push to reduce deficits to prevent states to go bankrupt from overlending, 
   that is factually incorrect . 
  only 5 of nato 's 28 countries are n't refusing to spend money : the rest fall short . 
  germany spends 34 billion , that is not refusing to spend money . 
  and 34 billion is also a lot of money to the german economy . 
  i am sorry i intended to write trade deficits there . 
  and of course germany does not have a balanced foreign trade . 
  it does have a balanced intra eu trade though, 
  right that is why we have rules within the single market that countries should have balanced trade , which germany has . 
  i also am not aware that there is major criticism of trade benefits , just of massive government spending deficits . 
  then people should not be complaining about a german external trade surplus because for germany the euro is massively undervalued . 
  that does n't make 34 billion euro any less of a shitton of money, 
  the thing is germany had to battle extremely large costs of reunification where a gigantic sum of money was required . 
  then germany saw a number of fairly harsh reforms where wages again were not incresed . 
  then during the 2008 crisis people again took lower wages just so jobs did n't have to be cut . 
  as a result of that we have seen lower wages , but high employment and right now that is correcting with wages rising . 
  germany just went through a number of rough reforms earlier than a lot of the rest of europe . 
  it is not too long ago that germany was the sick man of europe, 
  the thing is at times it seems like people want to talk about relative poverty just because absolute poverty is basically elimintated . 
  if people wnat to talk about income inequality they should talk about that and not about poverty in my oppinion . 
  the point about heavy laborers is that there is often a discrepancy between supply and demand . 
  see i would say a large part of the male population could train to be fit to do physical work , but only a smaller part of the population can be trained to do programming . 
  is that unjust ? 
  probably , but life is not just . 
  the problem with sch\u00e4uble is that by now he is pretty old and more importantly seemed to have had some health issues . 
  that said i would certainly support him as chancellor and i think he is also the only other candidate that could do the job well currently, 
  like the billions of german loans given for example ? 
  or the pledge to take in the most people in under any relocation scheme ? 
  also germany has been under austerity basically the whole time since merkel got reelected excpet for during the 2008 crisis . 
  i do n't think so not with how us elections work . 
  merkel is not exactly a charismatic person . 
  the us just had a person reasonably similar to merkel ( just with more corporate ) up for election and she lost . 
  the eu put in at least as much if not more than nato . 
  nato only is there to keep peace betweeen the east and the west . 
  the eu kept the west peaceful, 
  it is still not the majority of people that demand something . 
  merkel has been democratically elected and will most likely be reelected . 
  also just because you want something does not necessarily mean it is feasible to do . 
  one thing i do n't quite understand is how the large export surplus is not in large parts due to the euro being massively undervalued for germany and that germany can not change that on its own . 
  the stability pact also has a variety of criteria and outside eu surplus is only on of them . 
  germany used to be a way bigger offender of the stability pact , but the intra eu trade surplus got evaporated . 
   germany blames other eurozone countries for their deficits but as long as it keeps such a huge surplus there will never be balance . 
  that does not make all that much sense to me . 
  why should it matter that much for these other eu contries if germany has a large outside eu trade surplus . 
  that does not create a trade deficit in eu states because it is by definition with outside states, 
  like the austerity policies that left germany and the uk in their good economic positions they are in right now ? 
  also the notion that something even close to the majority of greek debt was owed to german banks is flat out wrong . 
  the biggest ledners were greek banks . 
  you seem woefully uninformed about merkel . 
  she has absolutely not been against the eu having any sorts of border in fact she has been a proponent of securing the outer borders . 
  merkel was the one that facilitated the turkey deal . 
  the thing is tougher control of borders does n't mean anything if you do n't have a way to deal with those applying for asylum . 
  no nobody catered specifically to the far left just as nobody specifically catered to the far right . 
  if anything policy has been catering towards the center-left . 
  i fully agree though that if the eu were to fail merkel would be blamed , but i do n't think rightfully though necessarily . 
  i heavily disagree that her role in the migrant crisis was a disaster in europe .
