  i mean the territories annexed by poland and the ussr in the aftermath of ww2 from germany . 
  these areas with  90 % german population . 
  oh and the free city of danzig . 
   so when west germany pays the polish so they send the germans back ... good . 
  when the polish send the germans back ... bad ? 
  the polish sent the germans from german land . 
  that is bad . 
  do you disagree on that ? 
  it is not like that was land that was conquered during the war . 
  or really any time in the centuries before . 
  do you really not see the difference ? 
   so when west germany pays the polish so they send the germans back ... good . 
  when the polish send the germans back ... bad ? 
  and the poles were to decide that the germans were no longer welcome in annexed land ? 
  had germany annexed say entire grand est of france it would have been fine to expel every frenchman because they were not welcome anymore and seize property ? 
   west german govt also encouraged that as well . 
  that 's just wrong , if only because there literally was no west grman government at the time . 
  it also really hardly matters what happened 30 years later, 
  do you really deny that the polish communist government encouraged the expulsion of all germans from newly annexed territory ? 
   that 's bullshit . 
  it 's the exact same question . 
  west germany started paying to get back its ethnic germans ... what does that have to do with anything ? 
  at the time the events i am alluding to there was no west german state . 
  there as no east german state either . 
   what massacres do you care to bring to light committed towards the german minority once the polish regime was stable and put in place ? 
  you know that the period right in the end and the aftermath of the war is not clear historically . 
  even if i am going by non german historians the deathtoll of the flight and expulsion after ww2 is taken at 500-600 thousand . 
  the german government is quoting some 2-2 .5 million dead . 
  ( these numbers are taken from wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9350 ) )  german minorities committed quite a few massacres , i wonder if and what punishment they received for that . 
  that does not make it any more or less of a genocide ? 
  these definitions commonly do not look at why something happened, 
  this is not about justice . 
  this has nothing to do with if the actions taken were justified or not . 
  i am not interested in going down that route . 
  i just am stating that it objectively is matching a lot of definitions of genocide/ethnic cleansing . 
  if it happened humanely or not is also another question . 
  the death toll certainly was way higher than what happened say in srebrenica . 
  of course , but that does not change that what is seen as a genocide is a poltiical decision . 
  look at what happened to germans in what became poland after ww2 . 
  i would argue that this would also fit a lot of these definitions of genocide , yet nobody would speak of it as genocide, 
  i think he at least has a point here . 
  it simply was not far reaching at least in my oppinion , it could never have achieved a destruction of the ethnic group of bosniak muslims . 
  that said the decision of deeming soemthing a genocide is often , though not always , ultimately a political decision . 
  on rafio ( b5 ) they said that there was an 60 % rise in politically motivated crimes by foreign extremist organisations ( pkk , isis ) a rise of 60 % is massive . 
  there is no way around that, 
  of course i do . 
  it would have left the euro zone way worse off , but it would have also oeft greece a lot worse than in reality happened, 
  in your oppinion why did greece not do that then ? 
  do you think the greek people would just have accepted living standards plummeting even faster than they were in our reality ? 
   is n't sch\u00e4uble a shameless authoritarian deeply mistrusted by the german left-wing ? 
  sch\u00e4uble is one of the most popular politicans in germany . 
  sch\u00e4uble generally has higher approval rates than merkel . 
  sch\u00e4uble usually has somewhere around 65-70 % approval, 
  what makes you think sch\u00e4uble is politically isolated ? 
  he is one of the most respected members of the cdu , one of the most well liked politicians in germany, 
  well nobody can prevent greece from simply defaulting . 
  greece will have to accept the consequences though . 
  we could also ask sch\u00e4uble how the situation went down . 
  well that is a quite extreme position , one that is shared in the law of no european country as far as i am aware, 
  to be fair that does n't really mean that much . 
  you 'd have to be in your 40s for that . 
  these are traditional religions , aside from pastafarism what you described would just be nazism, 
  west germany still outnumbers the east 4-1 . 
  the spd will have to commit to either going with rrg or not doing so . 
  there is simply no way around that . 
  what you are suggesting for the spd would be interpreted as them going for rrg as they did in in saarland . 
  another grand coalition most likely . 
  importantly this would eliminate rrg, 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  a religion is not the same as an ideology . 
  a religion has significantly more protection . 
  extremist groups like isis already are banned . 
  and do you really think a situation like we are seeing in france would be preferable ? 
  right yes , but not in general . 
  and leaving people out that are unavailable just makes sense, 
  that is more a worker shortahe at that point, 
  i am not from a particulatly expensive area in rural bavaria and we are at 3 % . 
  there just really is no people to take jobs when even just shelf stockers get 50 % over minimum wag . 
  of course living grs more expensive with the real estate bubble forming, 
  sorry but frankly what you are saying is bullshit . 
  firstly this is using eurostat data so methodology is the same . 
  secondly german unemployment statistics are certainly not leaving out receivers of h4 . 
  hat would make zero sense.i dont even know how you could get to such a ridiculous assumption, 
  especially considering that for some entire countires ( czech republic , germany and malta ) the overall unemployment rate using eurostat data is even below this 4.3 % thresshold . 
  it would also be interesting because there is a point where unemplyoment is too low, 
  a large share of the dark blue areas are in the eurozone . 
  the german stat is ridiculous though . 
  comparing west germany to a united germany is essentially comparing two differetn states . 
  and yes of course reunification leads to median income does not rise if you go through the effort of effectively including a vastly poorer country and then go through stagnating wages to get the resulting unemployment down . 
  the only thing these graphs are showing is how costly reunification was for west german and that the financial crisis hit . 
  what you are ignoring is the very positive development for the most part since 2010 . 
  you would probably still see median income in dollar falling simply because the euro is so fucking weak, 
  comparing west germany to a unified germany seems disingenous at least . 
  it honestly just makes the comparison useless . 
  we wo n't accomplish that without a sizable nuclear arsenal anyways . 
  and we wo n't build one because of the npt, 
  that defeats a large part of the point of a military . 
  also of course depends on how you define purely defensive capabilities, 
  the npt prevents that . 
  and even without the npt germany could never defend every potential threat coming from russia and neither can the us .
