  see i know , but the integration between germany and france began very shortly after ww2 . 
  sure it was rooted in part from the german side in regaining full independence , but it also was to create a security in europe . 
  in 1952 the european coal and steel community was founded . 
  all a mere years after germany occupied france . 
  the advantage of a federation can be for example that it has more power on a global/regional scale than the sum of its parts . 
  for an example you could look at unified germany vs the lose german states . 
  may i ask why you listed finland specifically with austria , germany and the netherlands ? 
  also has n't for most times the biggest powerbloc in the eu been germany and france ? 
  i think he would try to exert massive diplomatic pressure on poland , right now potentially trying to escalate the relations between poland and the eu . 
  i think the most important thing is decisive political action . 
  after ww2 degaulle and adenauer were working towards further integration between the country in projects that ultimately lead to the eu . 
  yes sure , but saying that the lone guilt for the war lies with germany just seems wrong to me . 
  did germany play a role ? 
  it sure as hell did , but so did austria-hungary , serbia , the russian empire and the french empire . 
  interestingly it also barred german-austria from joining the german empire and forced them to rename to austria . 
  most likely it just gets forgotten because it is so small . 
  that 's at least how i forgot it and before you ask the same goes for liechtenstein . 
  austria just was for a long part the biggest german power . 
  switzerland is the only special case , but well that 's switzerland, 
  bismarck probably turn in his grave if he were to see a map of germany today . 
  well german and dutch are very closely related languages . 
  the map is also speaking of `` continental west-germanic languages '' and in that group you also have dutch . 
  a german speaking state was the traditional definition . 
  in fact the common language was basically the only common thing . 
  it is actually amazing that such deep enemies as france and germany could become so close allies, 
  well the german royal air force does n't make much sense . 
  bavaria culturally still is closer to austria than to northern germany today, 
  germany has lots of history . 
  unified germany not so much though, 
  well military operations were mostly conducted by men and as such only men were at the proclamation at versailles, 
  so therefore we should kill the civilians and ravage the cities of a country suffering under a totalitarian leader ? 
  and then i should be grateful for only having my country in shambles , having millions of my countrymen forced to flee ? 
  that my country was only occupied and not annexed ? 
  is it really too extreme to say tha ti am not happy that my country the historical city centres got flattened ? 
  that hundreds of thousands of german women got raped ? 
  i really do n't get reddit at times . 
  people tell you you are not nationalistic enough , that you do n't care about your country , but when you point out what happened to germany and the germans they get pised off . 
  see i do n't want to say that germany did n't behave like an asshole that germany did n't start a massive war , but i refuse the notion that i have to be gracious for my country being destroyed . 
  sorry , but to accomplish that goal you would n't have had to destroy a country you had already defeated . 
  do you really think it was necessary to defeat germany to bombard the vast majority of its cities , dropping hundreds of thousands of tonnes of bombs on germany ? 
  see the british bombing of hamburg for example cost about as many lifes as the entire blitz over britain . 
  was bombarding city centres like the bombing of dresden necessary ? 
  i do n't want to deny that the allies also helped germany get back on its feet again , but saying the allies just did good is just wrong in my oppinion . 
  that the allies did n't only bring good upon germany ? 
  or what is my agenda ? 
  i am actually curious because people both accuse me of being overly antionalistic german and far left and not giving a fuck about my country . 
  just because austria is the only german state that did n't become part of germany does n't make the rest any less germany . 
  then can at elast austrai and germany establish a common policy ? 
  well prussia ceased to exist 70 years ago . 
  i would n't got that far , but it already speaks volumes that the lone war guilt was attributed to germany after wwi when it started by the austro-hungarian empire declaring war on serbia . 
  which agenda ? 
  i just pointed out that if bismarck were to revive and become the leader of germany he would try to retake the cities of the empire he lived in . 
  yeah and nobody used that . 
  not the germans when they defeated the french nor the allies when they defeated the germans ... 
  the name of the german president is joachim gauck btw not joachim gauch . 
  well if a country declares war on you and you defeat them do you expect those people to respect he feelings of the people that declared war on you ? 
  interestingly that this event , the founding of germany after the franco-german war was one of the pieces that lead to the treaty of versailles and ultimately to ww2 . 
  i really am curious why gustav adolf chose a german phrase . 
  that also was the motto of prussia and later the german emprie since 1701 . 
  well the french declared war ... 
  is probably what you wanted, 
  that probably lead to germany becoming more militaristic and invading poland to retake german clay, 
  well certainly among the youngest in europe at least if you count the 2 +4 treaty as the last final treaty for germany becoming the germany it is today . 
  we also could have just cut the losses and just not sign bailouts when the eurozone was more or less safe , just let greece go bankrupt and force them to leave the ez . 
  but there is something common about not giving public reports on sexual harrasment and/or rape of minors just to protect the victims , so that the press does n't flock their homes . 
  this not only happens when non-natives are perpetrators but the same when perpetrators are german . 
  the german law asylum procedure gives people that are granted asylum under the geneva convention a residence permit for 3 years . 
  after that it gets checked again if they can return . 
  if they ca n't they get to stay basically until the war is over/their homeland is deemed safe to return . 
  the issue is that this might take a long time and a chunk might stay forever . 
  also the vast vast majority of syrians at least plan to return when they can . 
  but migrant has become a loaded term in my view at least . 
  every single european country signed the geneva conventions ( turkey did n't sign the 1967 one for non european refugees ) . 
  it is just that apparently only germany takes these seriously . 
  also calling human rights ideological principles is pretty insulting in my oppinion . 
  note that these people do n't have the right to apply for asylum wherever they want but they have the right to apply for asylum . 
  i can see them not reporting these cases ( this is fairly common in cases of rape/sexual abuse to protect the victims ) , but denying it upon being specifically asked seems bad . 
  if we can also stop using migrant as a term when you mean refugees ? 
  well basically the whole ez voted for the solution . 
  also greece was cornered in the end basically needing fresh money , but also wanting to stay in the ez . 
  well the greek solution was backed by almost all of the ez . 
  also yes varoufakis strategy might have worked out aswell but he idd n't even have the necessary political support fro that in greece and it would have also involved a grexit . 
  and berlin does n't control the politicians in brussels making these remarks . 
  see germany is surely trying to do a lot of things but pushing its policies onto the eu by force is not what it does . 
  if anything the german government is constantly trying to push for consensus just tha this is very hard currently in the refugee crisis, 
  merkel tried to make politics for europe which at the time meant to defuse a humanitarian crisis in hungary and greece which meant refugees had to be let through . 
  there were already hundreds of thousands of people coming to europe . 
  the notion that merkel started this crisis is absurd . 
  the biggest thing was that this crisis was started to be in the spotlight at the time because that was when the greek crisis was slowly fading out while the refugee crisis was ramping up . 
  well nobody is disupting sending people that come only for economic reasons back . 
  ok some of the lefts in our parliament want to take in everyone , but well those are pretty much lunatics . 
  also still the idea is that if possible those people will return once the situation in syria is stable just that that might take a while . 
  so europe ca n't do shit because it does n't have any power to decide anything and because of that we should n't give it power because it cant do jack shit ? 
  on what is that based ? 
  do n't you remember the refugees from former yugoslavia being deported ? 
  sometimes i wonder how europe and the eu especially would look if germany especially started to really leverage its power . 
  if people in germany were n't talking all the time about making european politics for the eu but rather make it for germany . 
  no but they are also not trying nearly as hard to shape the eu as germany and france do . 
  so basically making the eu pointless ? 
  `` the failure of the eu to reach agreement on a fair allocation of refugees and to secure its external borders threatens not just schengen but the european project as a whole '',
