  linke wo n't form a coalition wiht fdp or cdu in addition . 
  that only leaves potentially unstable govenrments . 
  well reducing the tax burden is one thing the cdu is campaigning on for fall . 
  these businesses are paying hungarian taxes and are employing hungarians, 
  i do n't know about a chart like this for germany , but i would be suprised if there were many non german companies this high . 
  all the lists i have found are only largest german companies and not the largest employers in germany . 
  for comparison trump spent more than 6 times what all german paries combined spent on all election campaigns on his campaign . 
  clinton spent more than 9 times the combined expenditures of all german parties in 2013 ( when the last bundestag election was ), 
  i disagree on that . 
  an example : a friend of mine is a turkish citizen . 
  he was born in germany though as were his parents , while his grandparents came to germany as guest workers . 
  today he only speaks german and right now is finishing his master in chemistry . 
  do you really believe that such a person would have no right to be in germany ? 
   austerity is n't double speak . 
  it 's a political and economic school of thought with guidelines and consequences . 
  namely it should be noted it 's never worked and it causes suffering of the population and drives it to poverty . 
  that is in no way reducing it tot that context, 
  thank you !, 
  also keep in mind that i may be biased aswell . 
  i am not denying that , but both 27 and 30 % are way overproportional . 
  and no things have not gotten significantly worse in the last 2-3 years . 
  eastern europeans got themselves quite a bad reputation though , recently especially romanians , especially for theft, 
  if you look at the actual statistics in germany it is not the syrians that are the problem . 
  in general it is not the groups that are very likely to get their asylum application approved that are the problem , these are not more criminal than the general population . 
  the issue is those that do n't get their asylum application approved and still are n't approved . 
  here are the statistics : https://www.bka.de/de/aktuelleinformationen/statistikenlagebilder/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks2016/pks2016_node.html;jsessionid=48d0b93ed6c884872ea0eb4d953ffe72.live0602 one thing that stands out that the share of suspects without german nationality is at 30 % while the overall share in the population is around 10 % , when not accounting for residency offences ( not quite sure how you translate that , things like illegally crossing the border ), 
  well but that is just in the nature of electing one president, 
  to be fair we were seeing an influx of refugee an order of magnitude larger than the current crisis in a country that was just ravaged by war . 
  bavaria also is a special case , that there still was a good chunk of antipathy between bavaria and prussia , there were also protestants that were put into purely catholic areas . 
  i think it is at least understandable why that happened . 
  of course it is just a gesture . 
  it is a very nice gesture non the less . 
  uhm , i never said germany has employed harsh austerity during a downturn . 
  germany is certainly employing austerity right now though . 
  i think a lot of germans are just at a point where they just dislike that it is always germany that is asked to give something up without getting anything in return . 
  that system causes imbalances especially once the uk leaves though . 
  you wont get a system enacted where the south can vote to just spend norhtern money , you cant have a system where two wolves and a sheep vote for whats for dinner, 
   namely it should be noted it 's never worked and it causes suffering of the population and drives it to poverty . 
  the german population is suffering and driven into poverty ? 
  germany , the netherlands , austria , scandinavia . 
  basically the countries that stand to lose . 
  transparent , how ? 
  accountable for what ? 
  you essentially want more power concentrated in brussels from what i read from that ? 
   and actually work towards the betterment of all and not mainly of a subgroup and i think you will find that a lot of people have a lot of different oppinions on what that actually means, 
   if that were true , germany would be decreasing its debt right now but they are not , they are merely taking on less and less new debt . 
  http://de.tradingeconomics.com/germany/government-debt-to-gdp debt is generally maesured as debt to gdp . 
  germany 's debt to gdp ratio has been redued significantly over the past few years . 
   long story short , keynes has nothing to do with current economic policy in germany unless they 're getting it wrong . 
  because keynes is about fiscal policy . 
  keynesian spending is going on in germany right now . 
  or rather keynesian saving , because while that model says you should ramp up spending in economically bad times you also should reduce it in economically well times , in which we are in currently . 
  large parts of europe are also in good parts responsible for the weak euro which is responsible for the large trade surplus, 
  what makes saving so problematic right now is not a low exchange rate or a lack of union . 
  what makes saving problematic is an extreme stretch of extremely low interest rates . 
  that also does not really touch on keynes , if anything it makes it either to create responsible fiscal policy simply becaues it reduces the debt burden in the short term, 
  no of course not , but saying that enacting anticyclic fiscal measures is bad is also not true i think, 
  inflation already picked up and is at around the 2 % mark that is aimed for . 
  and what should the eu change ? 
  what can the eu even change without hurting major parts of the eu ? 
  and the core propblem of the eu keeps being that so many of the countries have fundamentally different core issues , that would at times need diametrically opposed measures . 
  nothing wrong with keynesian spending . 
  it is happening right now in germany . 
  just that unlike germany currently most governments wo n't work towards actually reducing debt after spending in bad times . 
  i mean a central european summit without the biggest central european state ? 
  nominal gdp per capita is a pretty useles statistic for a state like russia simply because that is putting far to much value on exchange rates . 
  do you really believe the real russian economy shrunk by 40 % in 4 years ? 
  did you experience the 10 % dip in german gdp from 2014 to 2015 ? 
  looking at gdp ppp gives you a lot better picture i believe and that puts russia slightly behind germany well ahead of every other european country ( and at about 12.5 times the sum of greece ) . 
  same goes for military spending . 
  the russian military does not buy most of its equipment in dollar or euros . 
  it buys it in rouble . 
  kpd , and spd were bitter enemies, 
  zentrum were te conservatives . 
  there also was no choice of a majority without either the kpd or the nsdap because these two parties held the majority of seats . 
  kpd said they wont work with spd . 
  there simply were no options . 
  melenchon refused to back macron . 
  there is no denying that . 
  nobody strictly defines what is realistic and what is not . 
  this is simply too subject to change . 
  to determine if an outcome is realistic is paramount to making decisions in government though . 
  a sense of pragmatism if you will . 
  also of course everyone has its own views but most policy makers are not extremely stubborn acting purely based on convictions . 
  if or if not our population and economy will shrink is not really relevant thpugh , if absthing the consequence would be that you would not need to invest much more because there will be kess need ( though i disagree with that position ) you are also of course right that loans are cheap right now , but that wont be like this forever but the debt will remain and then we will have to pay higher interest . 
  anticyclic fiscal policy also , eans that you take new debt and hike state spending during crisis , but also reduce debt during economically good times . 
  do you really belueve that it is a good idea to engage in deficit spending beyond gdp growth regardkess if times are good or bad ? 
  that is exactly what happened in greece, 
  no not necessarily . 
  realpolitik is about havin a sense of what is realistic . 
  you could also look at curret day germany and i think right now austerity is exactly the right call for germany . 
  that said for greece there simply were no other options due to excessive government spending in the past, 
   they were saying that they thought austerity is wrong and that investing some money into the economy would probably be the better idea . 
  which is the case , if you follow the state of the greek economy . 
  austerity is not working here and insisting on its continuation will just prolong the pain . 
  the point is though that they do not have access to such money though . 
  what they essentially were saying was simply that the eu creditor countries should just finance such deficit spending . 
   the negotiations crashed temporarily , but they restarted once again . 
  putting a definite end to the negotiations would have been reckless . 
  capital controls for example inflicted damage on the greek economy , damage that was not necessary .
