  the problem with the greens is that the party is pretty much split . 
  i do n't think there would be a problem forming a coalition with the baw\u00fc greens for example , but significant issues with people like say hofreiter . 
  so like the status quo ? 
  which could not have happened without the cdu, 
  and the afd is not that far from where the union stood say in the 60s ? 
  these days these are extremist positions though . 
  far right governments also are n't uncommon in europe ( and i would dispute that far left governments are common aswell ) and i do n't want a far right government in germany either . 
  we should keep the extremists out of the government . 
  imagine the reaction if the union even just not immediately ruled out a coalition with the afd, 
  because opposition to nuclear power is tradtionally a left wing topic ? 
  well the fdp would absolutely immediately form a coalition with the cdu if that were possible . 
  i think that is pretty much out of the question . 
  i think the realo wing of the greens would also be down for that . 
  if it works outmathmatecally i would also not be suprised to see black-green . 
  for example to buy a car . 
  if you wanted to take say 25k cash that would otherwise be a rather large stack of bills . 
  when was poland ever invaded by muslims ? 
  well you first solve the problem then you get something . 
  if you were to immediately forgive debt what leverage does the eu have ? 
  honest question then : what is keeping you from voting cdu ? 
  you wont get a tougher stance fromthe spd and definitely not from an spd led government, 
  merkel has also advocated a less tough stance during the greek crisis . 
  merkel also abandoned nuclear power . 
  she certainly is not part of the conservative wing . 
  i also do not see where you get a downward spiral in labor and social policies ? 
  those implemented most all under the spd . 
  we have seen minimum wage introduced under merkel . 
  we have seen employment soar, 
  its not schulz that i am worried . 
  it is the people they have to go with to get there . 
  i am hoping we can form a coalition without the spd . 
  maybe black-green-yellow . 
  i also do believe the spd will lose votes if they dont distance themselves from the far left, 
  you should not be looking at germany in 1939 for this . 
  germany in 1930 might be more where to look though the downfall of democracy was hardly unique to germany, 
  for me personally the refugee crisis was pretty eye opening . 
  it just feels like a lot of states just always want from germany , but are never there to help when germany needs something and a proper solution would not even be something that germany would benefit the most from ... 
  i think a lot of people are tired of always been solidaric with eastern europe especially considering that they are not reciprocating that solidarity . 
  solidarity just ca n't mean the west helping the east only and not also the east helping the west if they can, 
  i am not saying tha teasy . 
  i think we are seeing cracks in the world order currently though, 
  because with that much open opposition to it you wo n't be able to set up an efficient system . 
  also the redistribution system that was agreed upon even was limited to 160k ppl, 
  maybe , but i do think that if russians were to cross into germany the french would at least heavily consider it simply because pretty much any attack on germany will also result in an attack on france should germany fall . 
  it is not american money that is supposed to be spent here though . 
  well yes you have the far right and far left in germany . 
  i disagree with them , but so what . 
  i am not going to listen on the wild beliefs of ukip either . 
  also of course nukes are associated with military . 
  they are what provides credible deterrent . 
  right now germany fully relies on the uk , us and france for that despite being able to field its own deterrent in principle . 
  also this does not change the core anyways that increasing german budget does n't do anything unless you also change how it is used . 
  if we do no foreign interventions on principle it is pretty pointless to further increse budget . 
  i just feel greeks overall seem to care a lot more about germany than the other way around . 
  of course it does matter what changes . 
  what point is there otherwise to change something ? 
  the difference is when that migration is forced by the state . 
  of course , but we are also far from that . 
  well yes , but considering the events during the refugee crisis this seems more unlikely these days . 
  it was also especially those peripheral states that were so insistent on denying help . 
  i would also prefer if those states were to be closer to the core of the eu , but not at any price . 
   germany is very strong economically and can easily field an effective military presence . 
  they should be leading from the front on fulfilling nato obligations . 
  that sentence is in effect saying nothing . 
  and germany can literally not lead nato from the front , germany will always be playing second and third fiddle to the us , the uk and france simply becaue germany is not a recognized nuclear state under the npt . 
  it is also simply true that these countries are buffer zones before something will happen to germany in a conventional war . 
  in a nuclear war of course germany would also be hit . 
  i do n't think that this is offensive , this is simply reality . 
  the buffer zone for the uk or france is even larger . 
  the problem is that even just tweets from the american president carry significant weight in the world . 
  it is dangerous to have a complete novice in the white house when tensions are possibly higher and higher . 
  as long as he is learning it might be going well i am just worried he might do something rash especially were some major event to happen ( say something in belarus going down or another major terrorist attack on us soil ), 
  no i am simply stating military realities . 
  i would be happier if my country could provide sufficient deterrent on its own , but that is not something that realistically can happen . 
  uhm no ? 
  there is a difference between territory changing substates due to administrative acts within the same state and countries gaining independence . 
  as of right now there is nato . 
  that said i think there is reasonable doubt that if the us were to stay out the eu would even be able to properly protect the periphery , but would most likely have to surrender some territory to regroup defense . 
  because there was no choice ? 
  also tell me : what would significantly change for germany if you were to expand the german military budget that much ? 
  right , but ukraine is not part of nato , nor part of the eu . 
  germany does not have any far reaching obligations to ukraine not the same we have towards poland or the baltics . 
  and yes poland and the baltics are the buffer zone , the battlefield if you so want should war with russia break out as was the case with germany for decades during the cold war . 
  you also do n't have to attack me for the low military budget of germany . 
  i am not one that is arguing that it should not be raised , i might question the purpose , if you do n't also change what it might be used for , and i have voted for the party that is most likely to actually raise it again ( cdu/csu ) . 
  i do really not believe that germany will ever be able to provide sufficient detterent on its own without a nuclear arsenal . 
  the shit idea was to pull out too soon not to go there . 
  you just needed either a bigger or no operation . 
  i also do not think it is a good sign to send that you can attack the west without having to fear reciprocation . 
  what do you think would have happened if after ww2 the allies just quickly withdrew from germany ? 
  no eu army without an eu state . 
  and frankly that wo n't happen . 
  maybe we could get closer cooperation within the core of the eu . 
  well is n't the threat to wipe out the majority of large cities of any attackers enough deterrent then ? 
  well we consistently hear from cdu/csu that germany should increase its military budget and it is being raised already . 
  it will mostly depend on the government that gets elected , but i honestly doubt we will get one that will properly raise the budget , especially not if schulz were to get elected . 
  and i am trusting of mattis ability to be a capable foreign secretary . 
  i am just not trustin that trump will act wisely and trump already has started to undermine nato with him saying they mgiht not come to aid to some nato countries . 
  trump also demanded that states pay for us bases on their soil which quite frankly is in my oppinion a quite obscene demand considering the us is not even paying rent for the areas they seized . 
  uhm and i am sure sweden would have reacted a lot more harshly if it was finland that was invaded .
