  while russia does have a first use policy , in reality it is unlikely it would actually use it unless a superior enemy conventional force was attacking deep into russia . 
   the point is that you only need a believable threat of a nuclear attack and a scenario in which a nuclear weapon would actually advance a war . 
  they certainly are the big reason why i think there will not be a total war where it is either absolute victory or absolute defeat . 
  also nuclear weapons make it a lot less likely that countries will actually attack you . 
  see what happened in ukraine the reason why nato did not fight there more fiercely was because the risk of a war was simply high . 
  also thinking of things being sure in a large military conflict in a scenario where nato fell apart seems not something we can do . 
  we can only speculate what could happen . 
  in a scenario where a country like germany stands alone against a nuclear might there is not much we can do to actually win the war we can only try not to lose it, 
  it would be plain ridiculous if the uk were to look to take part in the eea after a brexit . 
  that still goes against most things a succesful leave vote would stand for ... 
  precisely it is basically almost as much against being part of the eea as being part of the eu and as such trying for a norwegian model does not make sense . 
   every country gets special treatment . 
  because every country is unique . 
  and has its own specific needs . 
  it seems pretty stupid to not give countries special treatment . 
  there is no such thing as a one size fits all trade agreement . 
  right , but there is a limit to how much you can give in . 
  you can give in a little a lot , but there are just very basic things you can not give in on and freedom of movement is one of these pillars . 
  the leave vote at its core would be against that and as such also a vote against a membership in the eea because that would also require the uk to abide by a lot of the rules that the referendum goes against and for some of these rules you can not make special excpetions . 
   it 's undemocratic because your saying if anyone wants to leave , the eu will bleed them dry first . 
  that is completely overexagerated . 
  it is more like saying that if you leave the eu do not expect special treatment by the eu anymore which is a very reasonable stance in my oppinion . 
  it definitely is hyperbole, 
   did i say that ? 
   i think the german automotive industry has every incentive , should german represenation in the eu not be amenable to market access within the eu for british money , to fund their opposition eventually . 
  and which opposition is that ? 
  do you think the big concerns want the right wing extremists in power ? 
  i personally do not think so especially with how isolationist the afd has been in their rhetorics meaning that he access to german cars might be reduced aswell . 
  germany and sch\u00e4uble will also obviously consider the interests of the car industry in a new tariff with the uk . 
  what reason is there to believe otherwise ? 
   lol , kidding . 
  it 's too soon to tell , i think , but it could be anything but down ticket races and internal party competitors in existing party establishment , to simply - as you put it - merely paying ` bribes ' to current political groups to influence the eu . 
  and sch\u00e4uble is already a conservative someone thatwill help the car industry . 
   no matter what , the principle is the same : the uk has a lot of money in it . 
  private industries in the eu , if the uk were to no longer be a member of the eu , would still want uk nationals and banks to be able to do as much business as legally possible with them . 
  thus - every incentive to influence how possible the greatest extent of business is !, 
  absolutely and that is also the goal of the german government . 
  not granting access to the single market without abiding to the rules of the single market does not mean not trade , not even close to that . 
  the us and germany are not part of a single market either ... 
   if he hoped his statement would be received as a sober warning against a leave vote , he probably should n't have said that . 
   he could have also just have said that to reflect reality and more importantly at the german people ? 
   the basic tension underlying the entire brexit campaign is that the eu wants to subvert national governments by putting them all under control of self appointed functionaries - - like a german finance minister being on a eu council , and thus as a german , controlling britain . 
  and if the uk wants to exit that is their right . 
  also there is also a brit on the council and such exercising power on germany . 
  that is hardly control, 
   impose absolute economic blockade . 
   that would also almost definitely happen , but i do not think that it would create a massive conventional war and even then in the end the goal has to be a remis peace simply because other results would risk the war going nuclear . 
   so what , we have such thing called trip wire , the more nato soldiers are here to ensure our peace the least likely russia will ever step it 's foot here , if not nato it would have done hybrid warfare with us long ago . 
  right , but again this entire scenario is on the pretense that nato no longer exists . 
   that will never happen . 
  i think it is unlikely , but not impossible . 
  consider what could happen if come fall trump gets elected president . 
  also the whole scenario i was drawing up is based around that . 
   the only threat russia posses is nukes , nothing more , nothing less . 
  and that is a pretty damn huge threat . 
  why ? 
  this sentence is precisely the reason why a model like norway currently has would not work for the uk , because it would require the uk '' to abide by the rules of a club from which it currently wants to withdraw . '', 
  he just is one of the most important politicians in one of the most important countries in europe ... also sch\u00e4uble does not decide , but he certainly can have an oppinion, 
  i thought one of the core points of the brexit movement is that they do not want free movement of people ? 
  do you think that the eu should make even more exceptions for the uk ? 
  he is not opposing that , he is strongly in favour of that , but well it simply is not his decision to make it is the decision of the british people and i do not think instating even more exceptions is a viable way . 
  also britain does not want to be treated like norway . 
  they want to be treated like norway but also not have thingsl ike the freedom of movement that is also a part of the eea, 
  and why would the automotive industry want to `` bribe '' german politicians so that the uk does not impose tariffs on them ? 
  they already will be listened to . 
  also which political group do you think they would fund if they wanted to fund the political opponents of sch\u00e4uble to achieve their goals ? 
   yes , but what is the eu supposed to do were russia to attack the baltics ? 
  they are in a horrible position geographically and also significantly easier to supply to by russia . 
  i do not think that we would fire nukes and i do think that there would be some sort of political masking . 
   what war ? 
  if russia invades a nato country it will start ww3-nuclear war , i understand your fear but selling out countries is not an option , appeasement did not work with nazi germany , will not work with modern russia . 
  that 's why the assumption is that nato has fallen apart . 
  als i do not think that the russian government wants an all out war either , maybe that is a wronga ssumption , but i think the threat to russian lives in that case is huge aswell . 
  and why ? 
  also what would that threat do ? 
  do you think mercedes , audi or bmw want a more socialist government ? 
  yes and how does weakening one of our largest trade partners help business ? 
  but yes the german economic policy is largely working out . 
  a punitive exit , what does that mean ? 
  an exit where the uk does not get all the special advantages they want ? 
  advantages that nobody else gets either ? 
  you can not get the single market without free movement of people that 's just not how it works . 
  i also do not see at all how it would be undemocratic to not give the uk some very special treatment . 
  the uk are our allies , not our enemies . 
  i certainly would prefer the uk to stay as the eu is stronger with the uk . 
  we do not have a constant dick measuring contest here of who is the biggest , even if some people constantly see it that way . 
  i also just think that it would be detrimental for the uk to leave and i do not want that . 
  i like the uk though i would prefer if they were more commited to the eu . 
  i do not think the alliance between france and germany would break up or between germany and the benelux , but what would keep the west and the east tied together without nato ? 
  would we really risk a full scale war if russia went for a limited war ? 
   you can defend yourself without nukes . 
  how can one defend an attack by a nation armed with nuclear weapons without nuclear weapons themselves ? 
  you are basically forced to budge at the threat of using nukes because you can not reciprocate in kind . 
   we have very little influence in eastern europe , and there would be almost no economic , or political loses from the `` fall '' of anything east of poland . 
  east of poland is basically russia ... 
  it 's poland and the baltics that would possibly be threatened . 
  also has n't containing russia been one of the big point of american foreign policy like always ? 
   but as it stands right now , no amount of influence we may possibly have in the east is not worth the 200 billion dollar portion of our military spending used to eastern europe . 
  plus , a pro west east europe is an objective of the west ... ern europeans , as it expands the eu . 
  the thing is you are not only losing influence in eastern europe but also in all of western europe if you end the military alliance with these countries and that is still the largest trading partner of the us .
