  i think the disaster would have been way worse if you had used weapons against those people marching across hungarian motorways . 
  do you really think that using teargas and rubber bullets there would have been a better scenario ? 
  nobody ( ok almost nobody ) is refusing to spend money though . 
  germany is spending more than 34 billion euro on defence . 
  if you question the common defence clause that sends a way way stronger signal on commitment to the alliance, 
  and you could build new ones if that were deemed necessary . 
  it is not like we lack the know how on that front . 
  trump also said he might not come to aid of the baltics in case of an attack . 
  the point is he said publicly that he might not honor promises if the countries `` do n't fullfill their obligations to us '' which is vague at best . 
  there are no obligations we have to the us . 
  the nato treaty does not contain any requirements on spending, 
  the issue is that if you do n't start considering the alternatives it will be too late and a lot of people just do n't have the trust in trump that he would uphold nato . 
  if your scenario comes true and trump will be merely a puppet on foreign policy then i would be reassured , but the issue is that we could also see trump go on an ego trip and do some very stupid things foreign policy wise and for that scenario we definitely need containment plans . 
  well we have french subs and we could develop new ones . 
  if you ca n't rely on the us nato is irrelevant . 
  the whole alliance is built on that trust, 
  and that does make you poor how ? 
  that just means you ca n't afford some things . 
  if everyone is driving ferraris and porsches and living in 1000 m \u00b2 mansions am i poor if i live only in a 300m \u00b2 mansion and drive a nice bmw ? 
  we have just seen the largest wage rises since reunification ... also wages are not under state control, 
  no poverty is not always relative . 
  absolute poverty exista , like not being able to afford food or a place to sleep . 
  these things will be provided for if you just put in a bit of effort . 
  if you consistently move up what poor means then you of course wont see poverty fall . 
  having 900 $ in a single momth for a single person surely does not give you a comfortable life but you wont starve and you wont be homeless and you will have all the basic things necessary for live even if you dont have a nice car or fancy new smartphone . 
  when was that the case in germany ? 
  because right jow germany ismfar from the worst shape in decades, 
  85 % + right now i would say if she runs . 
  red red green doesnt have more tjan an outside chance imo . 
  basically noone else is seriously considerd, 
   this is a bit cryptic for me . 
  the way eu can reform -- which is must to survive -- is by german initiative and leadership . 
  yeah you know when germany tried to reform the european asylum system ? 
  germany ca n't do shit without being backed by other countries . 
  and germany is one of the countries in the best shape in europe because merkel is an incompetent leader . 
  yeah that seems about right . 
  only on president not for chancellor . 
  merkel actually is only the third longest serving chancellor in post ww2 germany . 
  you know germans vote for the german leader and not europeans ? 
  and merkel is decently well liked in germany . 
  i think putin will outlast merkel . 
  i could see merkel doing a fifth term though . 
  you know merkel ca n't force reforms on the eu ? 
  germany ca n't do much if a good chunk of the rest of the union opposes, 
  well at least they cost less money then, 
  do you think it is wrong to have abortion legal with strict limits ? 
  here in germany you need to get counseling first and then wait three days before you can get an abortion and you can only get one within the first 12 weeks unless there is a medical indication ( which i think is very sensible to have it legal ten ), 
   nato members have time to meet the 2 % until 2024 . 
  that is not what that statement says . 
  it is not a fucking requirement though . 
  it is a loose agreement nothing more . 
  and that is one big reason why there should if at all possible should not he hair cuts, 
  so the best solution in that case would be to just cut our losses as was proposed last year, 
  what sch\u00e4uble advocated is that during a debt crisis caused by excessive government soending you have to reduce the deficit to make the crisis solvable . 
  the greek government simply did not have the capability to fund anticyclical measures and asked for help to deal with debt . 
  you can not expect other countries to simply finance huge deficit spending and bail you out of your debt and greece is also still running a significant deficit . 
  sch\u00f6uble also was part of thr german government when there was a large deficit during the crisis in 2008 . 
  we are seeing record low unemployment for one . 
  econmic growth hile not great is also not hoorid considering the low inflation . 
  if these are not good times economically in ge many then what is ? 
  what more do you require ? 
  well we can just already have gabriel lose the election, 
  people only seem to like keynes when it comes to spending . 
  just look at how much sch\u00e4uble is attacked for not wanting new debt when keynes is alao saying that you should save in economically good times . 
  i have yet to see left wing politicians that dont always want to spend more at all times, 
  well the us is more than welcome to pour some of their money into greece, 
  for the same reason you find that europeans of today fare significantly better in iq tests than europeans of 100 years ago . 
  and yes believing into the same racial ideology as the nazis makes you similar to the nazis . 
  it is a scientfic fact that there is no races in humans . 
  seriuosly i hope you are not one of the people acting all offended when people call you a nazi . 
  you really believe this shit do n't you ? 
  i am just stating a scientific fact, 
  sorry as my flair might indicate i am not a native speaker ao please forgive my less than perfect english . 
  also wih a system where every vote counts equally everyone gets the same representation of their one vote . 
  changing these rules retroactively is a precedent noone should want . 
  i think going forward you should be using a different system, 
  right , it is mostly a historical concept and subsequently the region is heterogenous . 
  central europe without germany does not really make sense as the dominant powers in the region simply were germany and austria, 
  central europe comes from pre ww1 europe concept wise hence the netherlands are not considered part of tit . 
  i can see that argument , but then you need to just forego the entire concept of central europe . 
  you could absolutely say that it just died after ww2 . 
  germany is absolutely central europe . 
  central europe historicalyl has been the german and the austro-hungarian empire . 
  right , but if you do that you need to just remove central europe from the map . 
  well you could argue that croatia was part of austria-hungary and as part of that part of central europe . 
  what we are seeing here is largely central europe as the central powers of ww1 . 
  also hungary and germany both being central european is pretty standard is n't it ? 
  central europe was just split during the cold war, 
  there is a strong liberal conservative party in germany . 
  the cdu is literally at the very top of the polls . 
  the cdu is a liberal conservative aparty . 
  as for a liberal democratic party there is the fdp . 
  what else do you want ? 
  and the cdu is pretty much christian only in name . 
  religion plays close to no role at all in german politics ( well islam does ... ), 
  well it was hype . 
  and once the media coverage ended and the global situation seemed less stable the cdu gained . 
  it also played a part that people realized that schulz was only a new face but it still is the same party, 
  politics is best when it is boring and stable . 
  that is just skewing the statistic though is n't it ?
