  these people with banners obviously were very shortsighted in their welcome , but it is also true that the whole situation would not have worked out without the cviil population helping . 
   there is not that much german bureaucracy involved once an asylum seeker is ausreisepflichtig right , but there is a lot of bureocracy involved until someone is ausreisepflichtig . 
  this is probably the biggest bottleneck right now . 
   the problem is that basically no country wants its citizens back . 
  we successfully bullied the west balkan countries into submission . 
  but that 's where the list of countries that cooperate basically ends . 
  i agree on that . 
  we probably need a more assertive foreign policy for this to happen though , but as far as i am aware the work to get more of such agreement is in process , just again takes time to complete . 
  as for cases like morroco the eu/germany needs to put more pressure on states like this in my oppinion . 
  the eu as one obviously would have a louder voice but even just germany should dwarf all these states ( but they probably could do without germany , hardly without the eu though ), 
  greece , italy and hungary did register a fairly large amount of people just that the dublin deportations were not acted upon . 
  i also really would like to get rid of this invitation myth , but i guess that is my governments fault for not speaking clearer words . 
  a more fitting analogy probably would be that you and your friend work for the same charity and you agree that he deals with everyone that comes in ( which already is kinda unfair ) . 
  then he says he ca n't hold it and lets people on to go to your ( much bigger ) house and you help the people he ca n't deal with . 
  http://www.euronews.com/2015/09/21/the-hotspot-approach-the-answer-to-europe-s-migrant-crisis this kind of explains it . 
  basically the idea was that you create centers on the eu outer borders where refugees are finger printed and identified ( feeding into an eu wide database ) . 
  from there those that are deemed a high probability of approval ( e.g. 
  syrians ) are then distributed out to the rest of the eu while you look to immediately deport those that get their cases declined . 
  the way i see it this solves a lot of issues namely that we do n't know who is coming and that it makes it easier to send people back before they are sent out to the countries . 
  i personally think the idea is good and can potentially solve the issues regarding asylum in europe , but it basically requires a redistribution system for future refugees . 
  fundamentally any solution can only be about the future i think to not destabilize the situation further and also because a solution that deals with the people already here would probably stir people up too much . 
  exactly . 
  you can tiie any benefits to residence and just deport them to their allocated states when caught and then ou have to do this consistently enough so people stay . 
  the german government also tried to further reduce benefits but that got struck down because they said it would violate human dignity, 
  because there is no incentive for border states to properly control their borders and register people if that just means they are stuck with them . 
  you can also of course return ships to na but you have to save people from capsized ships and as far as i understand it there is no agreement with the departing states to take them back if they are not their citizens . 
  you also of course hhave to deport those that dont qualify for asylum , as stated over and over again , but that takes time and at least in germany bureocracy is oveburdened currently, 
  greece will collapse if you send tens or hundreds of thousands back though, 
  you mean akin to the hotspot concept proposed last year ? 
  and then do what with approved refugees ? 
  you can not do that without a real solution to asylum because right now the dublin system heavily disincentivizes proper border control . 
  that will collapse greece and i also do not think hungary will agree to getting hundreds of thousands of people sent there or they would send them just to greece too . 
  what we need iis a rework of asylum in the eu, 
  well that would be roughly 10000 m \u00b3 of 2 $ coins, 
  in case you 're curious : 59 billion euro would be a bit more than 130 tons of 500 $ notes, 
  no you are not registered as an organ donor currently . 
  i do n't exactly see how this is an argument against changing that though . 
  i do n't quite get that argument . 
  you are registered if you live in germany anyways or at least you should be . 
  i do n't think anybody would call benelux anything but a western country . 
  hey you guys are founding members of the eu and nato !, 
  we have meldepflicht though . 
  you gemerally have to register yourself, 
   the government requires you to register , taking away the choice not to choose . 
  i do n't know about the netherlands , but in germany at least you have to register yourself regardless . 
  no such law in the netherlands ? 
   people who are unable to understand the paperwork or to register are effectively forced to donate , possibly against their will . 
  then the documents are either too complicated or people do not put in the effort to understand them . 
  adults should be able to understand this paperwork and if they do n't they can always ask for help . 
  i do n't think you are violating any fundamental rights here either . 
  everyone should know that this is what happens and if they do n't want it they can opt out . 
  i do n't think it is too much to ask people to exercise their right to opt out if it means that much to them . 
  i think the bigger issue is that people die from a lack of organs and if you are dead you do n't need them in general ( unless you have some sort of religous rite for example , but taht is why there is an opt out ) . 
  great move . 
  i wish we had this in germany too . 
  at least still safer than the us, 
  i dont know about you , but rent is my largest expense every month, 
  well if you can safely travel there for holiday there should be no reason to allow them back into the country without proper visas . 
  maybe they want to make it politically acceptable to chant `` sieg heil '' ? 
  at its core it was also a religious conflict of protestants and catholics . 
  how about a proper book burning then again ? 
  have n't done one of these in decades . 
  i do n't think thinking this is a crime you can punish . 
  you can only punish action and that also involes inciting action upon this belief . 
  the same way you ca n't be punished for just thinking that we should gas all muslims . 
  you can be punished for publicly calling for the death of all infidels or the gassing of all muslims though . . 
  and did the german people not get massively punished for that ? 
  school generally is a matter left to the states in germany . 
  i can only reflect what i experienced going to school in bavaria, 
   so where do kids of age like 7 or 9 years eat lunch typically at home . 
  school up until like grade 5 or 6 generally ends around 1200 or 1300 . 
  as for how to deal with that that is mostly up to the parents . 
  there are some places to go but by far not enough for everyone . 
  you basically just have to make it work somehow with grandparents for example . 
   exactly . 
  living on hartz iv in germany ( calculator ) is better than how the average employed people live in hungary . 
  i doubt that . 
  it might be more money , but life in germany is also sinficantly more expensive in germany, 
  it is the greek people though that voted for their governments . 
  and 100 years ago they were at war too . 
  well 100 years ago england and germany were at war . 
  it 's not germany or france that are undercutting others here . 
  it is not the big countries , but rather the small countries undercutting tax rates . 
  most nations in europe were built upon religion moreso i would say or at least a lot of them were united in religion . 
   it would be like calling bavarians a different ethnicity than saxons there is a difference between ethnicity and nationality . 
  austrians and bavarians are of different nationalities , but they are extremely similar cullturally . 
  well bavaria maintains its own identity even though it is a part of germany . 
  to make it sufficiently clear that they are their own country and not germans ? 
   not exactly , there were some people who stayed behind because they felt loyalty to their homes and land and simply could not bear to leave it . 
  well most were n't given a choice ... 
  there was no signficant polish population in a good part of the territory annexed from germany, 
  iq measures fairly specific things . 
  you can have very stupid ideas and perceptions even with a high iq . 
  it makes it more likely that you might get to push some of it through though . 
  which also could be translations of `` gesunder volkszorn '', 
  i think it is just a different interpretation of secularism . 
  for me that means the seperation of state and church , but i also know that you are quite a hardliner on the topic, 
  being indifferent is not the same as ignoring it . 
  indifferent just means you do n't care wether someone is protestant or catholic , a muslim or an atheist . 
  right .
