   in germany they ca n't watch normal youtube because of silly copy right laws and their nazi games dont have the symbols , in france we 're in a state of emergency that makes it kinda a police state . 
  no that has really nothing to do with silly copyright laws , but rather that google and the organization of the rightsholders ca n't reach an agreement which leads to a lot of videos being blocked preemptively . 
  that organization actually predates the frg as for a greater unity i would be happy to be in a union among equals . 
  i think you could make something like a union between germany , austria , france , belgium , the netherlands and luxemburg work for example . 
  well for once because rusisa is still a big military power and even just by virtue of being able to bluew up the entire planet ... 
  you can acknowledge realities without looking at gore, 
  and twitter is a public platform where a minor can see it . 
  you know that these kind of laws are a lot older than isis ? 
  in general i feel a lot of americans have quite a different view on what are acceptable depictions of violence than a lot of western europeans, 
  the us gets around 20 % of its imports from china . 
  canada with 15 % and mexico with 13 % are second and third place source : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/usa/#imports, 
  oh i know . 
  thats just / r/europe these days . 
  its quite funny how quit a lotof people on / r/de simply left this sub, 
  wenn trains that should have led to freedom are suddenly redirected to camps then that reminds of dark hours of our hits our history . 
  those values are the values of conservatives not necessarily those by christianity . 
  merkel has generally been more for compromise in general . 
  look for example on the greek crisis, 
  it sounds a bit like dutch but more of a nordic language . 
  this is probably a bit biased by me knowing that it is irish tho, 
  honestly most people will guess that it 's german as it is, 
  i do n't know did n't you do this independence thingy a while back ? 
  or do you still consider yourself part of the uk ? 
  well that 's easy . 
  austria and not particularly close, 
  well but that is not how these laws were applied in post war germany . 
  you are aware that these laws are supported by an absolutely overwhelming majority ? 
  you disgust me, 
  has there ever been a speech by merkel where she did not say that people coming for economic reasons will have to be sent back ? 
  no , i am just applying your logic where you said that crimea was tartar to polish , formerly german , cities . 
  if you think that crimea was not changed enough by the russians to count as russian that logic dictates that the former eastern territories that had a german majority should be given back to germany, 
  if you say that crimea can not be given to russia and should belong to ukraine should poland then cede pommerania for example to germany ? 
  does serving 70 years under poland make these parts polish and not german ? 
  the thing is there just are realities that we have to face and that just are that there are almost no germans in silesia or pomerania or tartars on crimea . 
  what the reasons are for this does n't change the facts, 
  oh absolutely . 
  a lot of things can change in a hundred years . 
  the thing is we may like it or not there are not a lot of tartars left in crimea just as there are not a lot ofgermans left in pommerania or silesia, 
  pute means turkey in german, 
  germany as a country is founded by prussia . 
  there is a reason berlin is the german capital and not frankfurt for example . 
  the thing is if you consider crimea tartar you can use the samea argument to call regions like silesia or pommerania german, 
  the state only holds a bit over 50 % of fraport ( 30 % held by hesse , 20 % by the city frankfurt ), 
  decades seems more reasonable . 
  do n't forget that only 100 years ago france and germany were mortal enemies for example, 
  well in germany it worked . 
  just required a full scale military invasion !, 
  but then again after ww1 the same was tried and that led to ww2 . 
  so then gdansk or szczecin are also german ? 
  do n't you think it is a bit fucked that if people come to seek help and are first scanned for valuables and taken away if they have something ? 
  taking away their memories of their homes . 
  it is not like the majority of people will have stuff you could seize and even if some have stuff the process of scanning everybody and then selling off stuff costs probably more than you earn by selling that stuff . 
  i just think it 's pointless and i think it is theft, 
  i do n't know about your country but a life sentence in germany does not mean you will locked up your whole life . 
  life without parole does not exist in germany, 
  and you most likely would have already sold it off to pay for the trip . 
  this is theft to me , but at least even if this gets passed this will most likely wo n't be applicable all too often . 
  yes , i hope that it does not get passed because under those restrictions the law will do next to nothing in almost all cases and is in my oppinion basically theft, 
  i would suggest you start listening to what merkel is actually saying rather than reading only the titles of sensationalist articles because in general it has been pretty consistent . 
  the only major turnaround i recall of her was the energiewende and the abolishment of nuclear power in the wake of the fukushima catastrophe, 
  yes and the experience with guest workers is one of the major reasons why integration is stressed so much . 
  i feel like a lot of people imagine merkel as a leftist head of government these days forgetting for example the economic policies during the financial crisis . 
  her saying multiculturalism has failed is not a new thing . 
  it has been her position since about forever . 
  i think people here tend to forget that the cdu is the conservative party in germany even if the refugee policies have been significantly less restrictive than 20 years ago . 
  i would also not expect her to do a big change and certainly not a sudden one . 
  she has been so far really tight about this being an important policy and one that will be pushed . 
  it is a lot easier to do it right with the numbers the us and the uk are getting than with the numbers coming to germany or sweden . 
  what 180 ? 
  calling multiculturalism a failure has been her position for ever, 
  would n't those parties just slot in with the far-right ? 
  at least that 's were these kind of parties are traditionally located ( afd , npd in germany for example ), 
  mexico is suprsising to me at least . 
  i also would n't have expected france to be number 1, 
  that has already happened multiple times, 
  greece wo n't get a debt write off without leaving the euro . 
  so it 's germany/france 's fault that greek polticians are corrupt and that they overspend money that they lend on french products ? 
  so if i go to an electronics store and they offer installments instead of upfront payment it 's their fault if i buy too much shit ? 
  i am not really involved with french politics , but a lot of what the republicans say , propose or discuss seems to be even too extreme for the far right parties . 
  maybe it is also just that a lot of the issues seem just very backwards ( things like abortion , gun laws , health insurance ) a lot of their positions would just make them straight up unelectable in germany . 
  as for the republican economic politics they are certainly far to the right of anything you would see in germany . 
  in fact democrats would be seen as economically right-wing . 
  in general the way politicians speak and what they propose seems a lot more modest in germany . 
  well in germany if something like that happened there are no second rounds but ther would form a coalition against the afd/npd . 
  even if you had the afd at 35 % of the seats ( and biggest party ) chances are pretty high that cdu and spd and some other party if necessary would form a coalition to govern aswell . 
  actually i do n't see a way the afd could govern in germany without earning 50 % +1 seats because nobody will form a coalition with them, 
  if someone in germany said something like that their political career would just be over, 
  another thing is that the american republican party would be considered far right extremists in most/all european countries aswell, 
  the nazi economic policies were a lot more to the left than to the center in my oppinion, 
  i really like the german system where you vote for a local mp and a party ( and the votes for the parties determine the distribution of seats in the parliament ), 
  to pay for debts the greek state made . 
  it 's not like anybody forced them to take out that debt, 
  so you would have to change that or work around it ( by leaving the eu/ez and then reentering the eu for example ) . 
  during the financial crisis a lot of things were done where there were no treaties for the exact situations, 
  how does a country leaving the euro/eu violate the european union `` constituttion '' ( the lisbon treaty '' ), 
  there were several interviews with sch\u00e4uble were that was mentioned . 
  during the time of the negotiations it was repeatedly stressed that there can be no debt cut as long as greece stays in the euro aswell, 
  well a debt cut was on the table if greece was to exit the euro . 
   because it benefits a certain subset of the union . 
  what do you even mean by that ?
