  we have also been seeing efforts like the introduction and the recent raise of the minimum wage in germany , but that can hardly counteract the collapse of the euro exchange rate . 
  we have seen the euro lose more than 20 % on the dollar in 3 years . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  the antisemitism would not have disappeared . 
  nothing would have been prevented . 
  if anything that would have discredited democracy, 
   see , i do n't get it . 
  you are overexporting , why not increase minimal wage more to counter that ? 
  because the situation 15 years ago was well different from now ? 
  15 years ago unemployment was sky high in germany . 
  the problem was getting people into work and one measure taken to assure this was unions and corporations cooperating to depress wages and in return got unemployment down . 
  similarly at the height of the 08 crisis we also saw a lot of companies cutting work hours and pay instead of massively laying off people ( which i think also helped to recover more easily ) . 
  right now minimum wage got introduced and increased . 
   well , firstly , i did n't meant that . 
  secondly , greece suffered a lot more than germany would ever need for ez to survive . 
  think about it . 
  it would be giving up extremely vital and extremely backed policy . 
  think what would happen if poland were to accept unlimited forced refugee quotas which actually led to tens of thousands of muslims coming to poland with no control of the polish government . 
  do you think any polish government could agree to that ? 
  i am pretty sure there is a tiny blip of kazakhstan there in the very left, 
  these millions do n't matter though . 
  this is how referenda work . 
  just black and white on matters complex enough that you do n't easily grasp it with such far reaching impact referenda are just stupid . 
  then i think you should read up on the topic of the agenda 2010 . 
  germany was going through its own crisis after reunification of which it recovered after some painful cuts in the early 2000s which made germany more resilient to the 08 crisis and development after that . 
  i do n't think you can reasonably comment on german policy without that context . 
  basially germans have seen cuts to their systems , they themselves have taken wage hits ( you can look at the development of real wages being depressed in germany compared to other countries in the ez ) and now other countries do n't want to take these cuts and are just asking the germans to open their wallets and pay for it . 
  that is at least how a good chunk of people here in germany are perceiving it . 
  it is not too long ago that germany was the sick man of europe . 
  if the ez can only survive if it means that germany has to suffer for that then i am not sure if that is worth it after all and honestly it would also go directly against what was promised to people when it was introduced . 
  people would have never taken that so easily if the euro meant a transfer union without mechanisms of political influence, 
   oh come on , you are in denial now . 
  there certainly have been a number of negative effects to the ecb 's policy . 
   but this is an effect of german economic policy ... 
  it is also largely an effect of ecb policy . 
  minimum wage has been introduced only recently and already got raised . 
  increasing state spending in economically good times also does not make a lot of sense . 
  the natural consequence for germany would be exchange rate going up . 
  instead it has been kept low by the ecb . 
  i am not blaming the ecb for the fact that germany is subscribng ot austerity . 
  in fact that is one of the big reasons why i will vote for the csu . 
  i simply agree with it . 
  could you also explain how a housing bubble and a low exchange rate is the fault of german austerity ? 
  i am not seeing a connection there . 
   i 'm not sure what are you trying to say , but before qe and draghi ecb was not acting like a central bank , refusing to intervene when it was necessary . 
  and it was done because germany were staunch opponent of ecb being proactive . 
  so you would argue that the bundesbank was not a central bank for germany all these years ? 
  because the ecb is doing basically what the bundesbank did and the ecb is already heavily bending what it is allowed to do . 
  the ecb also certainly does not seem to care in the slightest for the german people . 
   i talked about bank bailout . 
  yes of course , if you bail out greece then it 's greece that has to pay back the interest . 
  if you bailout the banks then you take some responsibility . 
  if you agree that both parties were to blame , you have to then agree that greece was given the unproportionate amount of burden to carry vs the banks . 
  greece also is signifiantly more at fault here than the banks are in my oppinion or if you will , you could be more precise and blame the interest rates that were allocated to periphery bonds that were simply not refelcting the actual risk . 
  it just is bogus that a greek bond was supposed to carry the same risk as a german bond . 
   i know . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  he was wrong all the way in european context , caused harm to greece but germans like him for that because he staunchly stood for austerity . 
  i mean , i get it , he and merkel fought for their doctrine but that imho that was , is , and will continue to be disastrous for eu and european solidarity . 
  they are standing up for german interests and for upholding the european treaties . 
  nobody in germany would have agreed to a transfer union and we can not have that through the backdoor . 
  you also simply can not say you are giving greece a cut on debt and then not affording the same to italy , portugal or spain . 
  also european solidarity , my ass . 
  germany sent tens of billions on extremely beneficial terms to greece and then when germany needed help during the refugee crisis where was that european solidarity ? 
   you are assuming all ez economies should adhere to the same model , that 's impossible both from structural and cultural reasons . 
  no i am not saying that . 
   austerity in greece could also be avoided if ez had accounted for different models of economies or simply germany , france etc. 
  would keep their banks in check . 
  there would be no liquidity problems without bank overlending too . 
  saying that austerity inevitable at any point is not true . 
  right . 
  banks overlend . 
  greece overborrowed , when it should not have . 
  saying it is just the banks is as wrong as saying it was only greece . 
   schauble can criticize all he wants , i do n't care , but he was blocking necessary actions of ecb to fix this mess . 
  why should sch\u00e4uble and the german democratic voice not matter ? 
  germany is also a large part of the eurozone . 
   everyone agrees that ecb starting to act more as a central bank , doing qe and bailout was successful , but he was so much against it . 
  qe was successful ? 
  i guess that depends on your goals . 
  we are seeing savings being stretched thin , we are seeing housing prices spike , we are seeing peoples pensions getting hammered . 
  we are seeing a trade surplus balooning out of proportion , while for your ordinary guy the value of his wage sinks and sinks . 
  maybe it does n't matter for you , but for me it does matter if gas is 1.35 or 1.15 $ per l . the ecb also is a real central bank as the bundesbank was a central bank . 
  would you deny that the bundesbank was a central bank ? 
  i also do not recall sch\u00e4uble being against bailouts in general and if the greek bailout was a success is yet to be seen anyways . 
   everyone agrees that ecb starting to act more as a central bank , doing qe and bailout was successful , but he was so much against it . 
  well he is far from finished though and in fact he is speaking a lot for germany , his voice has a lot of weight . 
  he is one of the most popular politicians in germany with an approval rate at 68 % . 
  i have actually spent the last 45 minutes actually listening to the first talk . 
  and it has one huge flaw . 
  he is always talking about someone having to buy these bmws and audis and if that leads to large trade imbalances in the eu that would be bad . 
  the thing is though : german intra eu trade is roughly balanced . 
  he is talking a lot about a problem that was already solved and i agree is a severe problem . 
  he is also completely ignoring that the introduction of the euro also happened at the same time as large competitiveness reforms in germany . 
  of course the euro is also balooning the german trade surplus , but that is a function of ecb policy and low trade balance . 
  i remember a statement from wolfgang sch\u00e4uble that if he is not to critizize the ecb for its policy negatively affecting germany , then germany should also not be critisized for the surplus that is in large parts caused by the ecb . 
  my point ist that the level of austerity implemented in greece now would not have been necessary if a much less severe austerity had been practiced 15 years ago when the economy was still good . 
  i think being pragmatic matters more than ideology . 
  if you want to call that an ideology than go ahead, 
  there were no unilateral alternatives for greece .
