  i think it is fine to offer , even ask people to leave , but not to force them to leave their `` homes '' . 
  as much as we might see it as right and just these are also people that lead there normal lives and i do n't think it is correct to punish these people for the actions of their government . 
  this really should be marked as an oppinion piece, 
  well then that is your oppinion . 
  i do n't like going purely tit for tat though and i just think that ethnic cleansing and forcing people out of their very homes is just wrong . 
  my great grandmother also had her property stripped away from her as have multiple other of my family members , but does that make it right to force the people that live there peacefully now and did n't do any wrong themselves to leave ? 
  well at least you would get the land returned ... 
  `` when the community institutions are able to act , they come up with solutions . 
  but they 're often prevented from doing so by governments in the nation states who do n't want a solution . 
  that 's when you hit a brick wall . 
  but it 's the capitals who are to blame for this , not brussels , '' that 's the quote referenced in the title, 
  well russia may not be in europe for the largest part , but still the russian part of europe is a third of the continent, 
  who does n't like to take some goods to ship them to the capital from newly acquired territories ? 
  or maybe because germany just happens to be the biggest economy in europe and also happens to border denmark ? 
  both germany and sweden rank ahead of the uk in danish trade, 
  well salzburg is a part of austria these days and it at least makes some sense to call mozart austrian , granted it also makes sense to call him a german , but at the time i would believe that mozart would have identified himself more as german than as austrian considering that he did not live in `` austria '' at the time , but surely spoke german . 
  under which definition was hitler german at the time ? 
  there was still a difference between the austro-hungarian empire and the german empire when hitler was born . 
  and the soviet republics should have never seceded from the su ? 
  how about we force england , wales , scotland and northern ireland to break up ? 
   germany post war was restored and rejuvenated with foreign funds with no expectation of repaymen which foreign funds with no expectation of no repayment ? 
  the marhsallplan ? 
  you know that france and the uk received vastly more on that . 
   not one country in europe wanted germany to unify - without it , west germany was similar in size to france and britain . 
  and yet neither france nor britain blocked the 2 +4 treaty . 
  they both agreed to german reunification or at least were unwilling to stop it . 
  do you think that a military intervention by the british army in germany to prevent german reunification would have been a good idea ? 
  also it is just factually wrong that no country in europe was in favour of it is wrong . 
  at least ireland supported it . 
   unfair and unjust looking back . 
  germans are very lucky to have such unequal treatment . 
  so it is unjust that the two germanies were allowed to reunite ? 
  is it also unjust that the baltic states seceded from the soviet union in your book ? 
  germany already got a large part of its former territory slashed . 
  the allies prevented germany and austria forming one nation multiple times . 
  if you measure it in usd you will see that . 
  the euro has lost more than 15 % onto the dollar since 2014, 
  i mean if the point is that the eu is a german colony i can at least see that making sense , but russia ? 
  so edgy . 
  also how are moscow and st. petersburg part of german colonies ? 
  i do n't think germaniums call anyone anything . 
  after all they are just metalloids and not people . 
  then i might have misread what you said . 
  i thought you said the czech republic and slovakia are more similar than austria and germany, 
  that is literally impossible . 
  there are only 12 million people in bavaria, 
  yeah because people do n't forget ? 
  if only something bad by right wing parties might come to my mind ... 
  i highly doubt that you are much more similar . 
  for starters you do n't speak the same language . 
  the difference between the regions bordering austria and austria is also really small . 
  but what makes you think that the czech republic and slovakia are more similar than austria and germany ? 
  these days ? 
  probably no one anymore . 
  people already saw the german reunification . 
   the things that countries sign up for are generally the things that they would like to see enforced . 
  honestly neither austria or germany were left with a choice in that matter . 
  germany also didi n't sign up for being a divided country either the allies chose to do so . 
  actually the treaty you are looking is the austrian state treaty of 1955 , though people have aruged that that has already been broken by austria joining the eu, 
  well considering who won the first round of elections in austria ... 
  how is that manipulation and not an oppinion ? 
  why should journalists have to keep their opinions to themselves ? 
  oh i totally do n't think its mad to do that . 
  i spend 2-3 $ on my lidl water a week because i like that better than tap water aswell ( and also because i am just used to drinking carbonated water ), 
  like not carbonated water ? 
  i usually buy bottled water because i want to drink carbonated water . 
  otherwise what 's the point of not just drinking the tap water, 
  the issue was that the priorities for military also shifted significantly . 
  the german military budget is only 25 % higher than the defense budget of the frg in 1989 ( while gdp is more than 150 % higher ) , but that is mostly due to the threats of a soviet intervention just not being there anymore . 
  the german army is concepted as a purely defensive army and if the threat level is so heavily reduced you also reduce spending . 
  the focus of the us military is a different one though namely projecting power across the globe , that is simply something that is not the goal of the german military . 
  the us military spending is also going a lot more towards positions outside of europe than it was during the cold war . 
  you can see that there just are like 35k american soliders left in germany these days . 
  well that 's the afd for you, 
  actually i like our current flag aswell and the history behind it with the 1848 revolution, 
  south tyrol has a german speaking majority, 
  it depends on what the proposed design is . 
  if somebody proposed [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/99/flag_of_german_reich_%281935%e2%80%931945%29.svg ) people would be pretty mad at that person or more likely just call him absurdly stupid . 
  so why do n't we postpone that decision until the agreement is public ? 
  i mean the parliaments wo n't vote on it before that anyways, 
  actually you have an italian speaking minority in south tyrol ... 
  i bet everyone partaking in such a referendum will thoroughly read the ttip agreement and consider the consequences of signing or not signing such an agreement . 
  people do n't have the time or the ressources to put in to understand an agreement like ttip . 
  we have representants for that . 
  you could hold a referendum ( well actually in germany you could n't ) and it would lead to a now simply due to how much scaremongering there has been and that is the big problem with referenda , that they place so much emphasis on public oppinion rather than the actual consequences of actions . 
  another example for example is the nuclear phase out in germany in the wake of the tragedy of fukushima . 
  public oppinion is way too often too much based on emotion rather than on logic . 
  like talking about sex crimes in finland . 
  our data set is the number of cases in 2014 and 2015 . 
  to draw a conclusion on sex crime in finland based on this leaves a huge margin for error, 
  if you have very small case numbers such as 50 and 56 the margin for error is way too big though to draw any sensible conclusions . 
  i do n't think they are unfair , but i also do not think it is unfair towards the us . 
  that was precisely my point !, 
  but it is not like the us is not gaining massive influence in the eu for that . 
  the us surely does n't do it for charity , they do it because it benefits them, 
  no but when they organized the rally one of the provisions was not to cite that . 
  even if you press charges it is not nearly decided that the courts will also rule it defamation, 
  as long as merkel does not press , which she probably never would , nothing . 
  you could go to prison for it in austria too though . 
  actual prison sentences are also practically not happening in germany either,
