  qualifications are expensive and take a lot of time . 
  sometimes we have good reasons for qualifications , however a lot of time in germany there are qualifications for qualification 's sake , and that is not fair imo , that is unfairly weighting the system towards those privileged enough to take the time and loss of income needed to acquire those qualifications . 
  that is the way it is though and it also makes it a lot easier to determine if someone is fit for a job . 
  it allows you to make it harder to lay people off . 
  it is also not like having done an apprenticeship is something for privileged people . 
  an apprenticeship is something almost everyone that does not go to university does . 
  also yes the german system might not be the most accessible , but it works very well . 
  the apprenticeship system being good is actually one of the few things you will find almost everyone agreeing upon in germany . 
   i know lots of immigrants in germany and it 's not really fair that people come with real skills but ca n't get jobs because german employers will only accept a german piece of paper from a german institution that says that person has the ability to perform that role . 
  that is by definition protectionism . 
  requiring a german or an equivalent certificate for a job is not protectionism . 
  would you let a nurse without certification do the job of a nurse ? 
  do you think it would be safe if the wiring of your place would be done by someone not properly educated in how to do that wiring ? 
  and requiring certification makes sure people actually have the skills to do the jobs, 
   yeah , but this is irrational fear . 
  whereas sense of economic insecurity is much more realistic . 
  that does n't matter . 
  and honestly economic insecurity is also quite unrealistic right now for most simply because there are so many jobs and there is the german social net that even catches you . 
   first of all , why a developed country should be fine with some `` medium '' levels of poverty ? 
  there is literally no absolute poverty in germany . 
  relative poverty is something you can not eliminate for the most part by the very definition of relative poverty unless you wanted to go for full communism . 
   also , germany has one of the highest level of people living at risk of poverty in western europe , on par with uk . 
  so , i do n't know what you mean by `` less than people say '' . 
  it 's quite bad when you consider how germany is supposed to be the `` engine '' of european economy . 
  because being at risk of poverty and being actually poor is significantly different . 
  being in risk of poverty in germany means earning 1200 $ or less . 
  i can tell you i am a university student and i have significantly less than 1200 $ and so do the vast majority of other students , but the notion of seeing myself as poor is absurd . 
  the thing about being at risk of poverty is really only saying something about how much the people at the lowest incomes earn in relation to those in the middle . 
  and no i do n't consider someone poor because he can not have holidays on the french mediteranean every year ( and you could do that if you made it a priority at 1200 $ / month ) or because they ca n't go to the cinema every other week . 
   does n't this only mean problem exists for a long time and no one is trying to fix it ? 
  because inherently minijobs are not a problem . 
  they are a construct for small side jobs to circumvent social security payments which would be costly for both the company and the employed . 
  it is a construct for sidejobs , for say a stay at home mom who wants to work a few hours on the side while the kids are at school to contribute to the budget . 
  it is for the university student that wants to earn some money on the side simply because there is not enough time for a full job . . 
  these are not full jobs . 
  these are not meant to pay for you living . 
  the name is quite leading on what they are . 
   you are missing his point which is that those people still need to rely on state but are not counted as unemployed . 
  not everyone that works on a minijob is receiving aid from the state , examples above . 
  still even for those they are still counted as unemployed . 
  from the german definition : unemployed is someone between 15 and 65 years that is not or a maxium of 14h per week , that could take up a job immediately and is registered with the office . 
  that means that someone working 10h/week at little above minimum wage at aldi is still counted as unemployed if he fulfills the rest of the criteria . 
   i ca n't say i know how exactly this works in germany but `` apprenticeship '' in a lot of countries is just another form of exploitation . 
  what happened with companies investing in people ? 
  `` experience '' used to be something that companies gave people in exchange for their loyalty , now `` experience '' is often supposed to be salary itself ... an apprenticeship in germany means that you work part at the company but you also have school part . 
  for example every month you have 1 week only school ( i do n't know the exact number ) . 
  you learn how to properly do your job . 
  you get paid less during an apprenticeship because you only are there a part of the time and of course because you are just learning the job . 
  you are doing this to get the certificate that you actually learned that job , that is also actually worth quite a lot in germany . 
  something you also have to consider that doing an apprenticeship is absolutely the norm in germany ( and austria and switzerland ) . 
  it is only an exteremely recent development that not the majority of germans do an apprenticeship right after school . 
  and honestly i think it is completely reasonable to pay less to someone you have to put so many ressources in . 
  you need someone to explain the person how to do the job and he will not be able to do as much as a fully trained person . 
   yes , that also strikes me as odd . 
  it does n't seem right they get their quali and still do n't pass muster afterwards . 
  would n't it be better if they stayed in school a bit longer ? 
  yes , but i do n't even know how that system works in detail and the article you linked seems vague on that . 
  i would think that it is mostly those without a finished school at all who would n't pass muster or thoe with terrible grades, 
   those mini-jobs look good on statistic but do n't give a true picture of the situation , that 's my point . 
  huh ? 
  see i am a university student . 
  i ca n't work a real job because well i am doing university . 
  that is the kind of people doing mini jobs . 
  or your stay at home mom that wants to earn a little money on the side . 
  a mini job is just a small side job . 
   the other point would be is that you 're just providing cheap labour to business and taking up the time of people who should be working for or working towards real work or education instead of wasting 12 hours a week getting pocket money to keep the arbeitsamt off their back . 
  450 $ is more than just pocket money . 
  it is also a contribution to society , that society does not have to pay for that person leeching of it , and it is nothing other than leeching if you refuse to do reasonable jobs . 
   and the cynical interpretation of this system is that it 's a nice way to extract 2 years cheap labour out of people before affording them a living wage and job security , and also a way to keep the german populace comfortable with immigration due to creating barriers preventing migrants competing for their jo that does not make a lot of sense though because these apprenticeships are far older than immigration being an issue at all . 
  also if you live at home you generally do n't needas much money , these are not even adults often starting apprenticeships . 
  and even then you might not live comfortably of say 900 $ , but you also do n't have trouble surviving if you live chepaly . 
   a good apprenticeship in something skilled is obviously very valuable and worthwhile , how the cynic in me says an apprenticeship to scan stuff at rewe is just a pretext to get cheap labour and keep the native born population from feeling they 're directly competing with migrants . 
  see you could surely also do that with more unlearned people , you could also just learn most of that on the job , but you also still see the difference between new and seasoned cashiers . 
  the latter are generally much faster , which just saves time for everyone . 
  and still this is obviously the kind of job that is typically done by those with little education and i do n't think it is bad to have that . 
   anyway , i 'm just playing devil 's advocate here , and trying to remove the illusions of some people on this subreddit that germany is socialist utopia with abundant workers ' rights and security for all . 
  germany is certainly no socialist utopia . 
  germany does cover your basic needs for living though . 
  yes , but it still impacts the sense of security for people . 
  things like the police not apprehending a person they know might commit a terrorist attack if they have a good reason to arrest him is just completely unacceptable also for example ( this is what happened in the case of anis amri ) . 
  i also feel like inequality and poverty are issues for a lot less people than the number of politicians you hear talking about the matter suggests . 
  that is only a small portion of those doing a social year though and even then of course they are not counted as unemployed . 
  they literally are not unemployed . 
   also it is best to base policy-making on real figures . 
  and if the figures say that a lot more apprenticeships would be a good idea , then , well , that would be a good idea . 
  we are also seeing apprenticeship spots not filled and it being extremely easy to find apprenticeships . 
  i do not know a single person that wanted to do an apprenticeship and could not find one or even multiples easily , but of course i also do n't live in one of the rougher areas . 
  the crux is though that what real numbers are depends on how you look at them . 
  there are good argumetns why the numbers are the way they are too . 
  and also that someone that barely got his quali might have trouble to find an apprenticeship seems not that far fetched . 
  the number of minijobs has been stable for years now , while the number of those subject to mandatory social insurance is rising ( there is a wage threshhold when you are mandated to pay for this ) . 
  a minijob also is exactly that a minijob , a job where you are working maybe 12h / week and wonder oh wonder that does not pay for living . 
  and yes of course a person is responsible for paying for their own livelihood as good as they can and not only rely on society to pay for them . 
  the apprenticeship system is also not a problem . 
  yes you earn less during an apprenticeship simply because you are not as skilled , but it gets you qualification . 
  also yes there is little work in germany that does not require an apprenticeship or a university degree , but that is because having done either of that is simply the norm in germany . 
  that is kinda like saying there is not much work in the us without a high school diploma ( and you finish an apprenticeship a similar time you would finish your a levels or us high school if you do it right after school ), 
  working 10h a week ... 
  no there is no problem with unemployment . 
  and what problems the country is facing depends a lot on who you ask .
