  but if europe wo n't lead by example do you think that other countries like china or russia will respect it at all ? 
  i know this , but most people do n't and to be frank most people are not intereted in knowing this stuff . 
  another issue i could see is stuff getinng lost in translation . 
  saying that `` erdogan purges the opposition '' could come from wrong translation , but could also just come from papers that just care more about clicks/sales than actual accuracy of the reports . 
  one core issue was that these purges were very far reaching very fast . 
  you ca n't purge a third of judges without having a list before the coup already . 
  the whole story of g\u00fclenists infiltrating the government organizations and the military , even if i certainly can see at this point that this at least could be true , sounds a lot like a conspiracy theory if you are not familiar with the structures . 
  another issue a lot of people saw was that considering how terribly executed the attempted coup was people could at least see that it was a false flag operation , which also very much fit the narrative of erdogan trying to establish himself as a dictator . 
  should germany have somehow blocked the border and ramped up its rhetorics against hungary , italy and greece for not upholding the dublin agreement because especially hungary and greece got overwhelmed ? 
  is it not the right call to look for another solution rather than a dublin system that very obviously stopped working ? 
  is it the wrong call to do everything to minimize the human damage by alleviating the pressure put on hungary and greece ? 
  the talk of people returning after the war is done is only laughable if the nations do not enforce it . 
  i know that germany deported a ton of people back to the balkans once the war there was over and that these are tough decisions at times , but that is literally how the law is written . 
  most other nations agreed to take in laughably small numbers of refugees . 
  saying you take thirty thousand when we are talking about low millions is just not going to cut it . 
  this is symbol politics and not creating a solution . 
  all we get is countries trying to deflect every refugee from their own countries . 
  of course they are not stupid , but you can also make this chain an awful lot more complicated including ending in french companies donating . 
  nobody encourages immigration . 
  if anything there have been repeated statements over and over and over again that those who do not qualify for asylum will have to go back and that those that do qualify will have to go home after the war is over , as happened with the people from the balkans . 
   the germans were too arrogant about their own capacities . 
  it would have been better to let the migrants remain at home , than have them use most of their money to come here , only to than sell them back to turkey . 
  i think the german government just wrongly assumed that the rest of europe placed comparitively high values on helping refugees as germany did , and that the states would work together to ensure we can uphold our standards for granting refuge . 
  and also how should people remain at home if isis has taken their homes or if they get bombed out by their very own government ? 
  how should people that legitimately have to flee from their homes stay there ? 
   it 's ethically contemptible and the germans had no right to make a deal with the turkish . 
  of course it is , just as the rest of europe denying help in dealing with this crisis , but that does n't mean we do n't have to find a solution . 
  i would be a lot happier if we did n't have to enter a deal with turkey , but rather could rely on france , the uk and hungary to adhere to the agreed asylum principles , but that is not the world we live in . 
  well the news just report what has happened , that the military , judges , but also journalists wer purged . 
  as for why they say the opposition is purged because that is partly true , the g\u00fclen movement is in opposition to erdogan ( at least from what i understand ) , but primarily because it is too complex for a lot of people . 
  the vast majority of people has never heard of g\u00fclen before or his movement , they just see judges and journalists purged for , which looks without knowing about the g\u00fclen movement an awful lot like a dictator solidifieing his power . 
  then you had politicians htat talked too early without knowing enough about the turkish inner workings and we end up with this . 
  that said i 'd not be suprised at all if opposition or people not necessarily associated with the g\u00fclen movement also fell victim . 
  so things like russia annexing crimea are fine then , because `` nobody can enforce international law anyway '' ? 
  it also did not respect international law , which is why australia got so heavily critized . 
  you can often apply extreme solutions and they will work reasonably well as a solution for you , but are far beyond what is acceptable . 
  they do . 
  think of podemos or syriza . 
  it just happens that these far left parties are not doing that well recently . 
  the facts are also there in western media , just not in the spotlight, 
  i think it kinda depends on where you look . 
  i recently watched a pretty good documentation that brought up all the points you mentioned on g\u00fclen and some more ( especially his links in germany ) on phoenix ( which is part of the german public service station network ) . 
  you have to look to the more in depth channels though ( and phoenix is usually for more in depth politics ), 
  the australian solution was also far from a soft solution . 
  you can still use gps, 
  i am no expert in these kind of dealings ( in fact i have no experience ) , but i would guess you could set up an anonymised company in say panama and then have that company give the money to france . 
  you can use more companies to make this even less transparent . 
  and i am prett sure some good lawyers could work something out, 
  and how do you prevent said support just going through shell companies to mask it ? 
  i do think we need to talk even to people like kim jong un . 
  it is much better to try and improve relations through dialogue even if that might take years or decades . 
  the relations between south and north korea ( and also the us and nk ) were already improving . 
  bush openly declaring nk a terrorist state pretty obviously deteriorated the relations and ultimately led to nk withdrawing from the npt . 
  you simply can not influence sovereign states without talking to them, 
  well france and the rest of europe did n't want any part with refugees so you have to find a way ... 
  the dublin system would have forced hungary , as the first schengen country they entered , to register and provide the required asylum and not let them slip through to northern and western europe ... 
  i mean there are people with german flags here too that are rabidly against taking in any refugees . 
  i think austria made it quite clear that they do n't want to be considered german . 
  i do n't think many people for example would like it if i were to say that mozart was german . 
  i think one problem is that people know that they can get big fines . 
  in practice that means if you upload you get in trouble , which means that you basically do n't torrent , but i would guess enough people do not know the difference . 
  things like streaming or one-click-hosters do not get you in trouble, 
  if you torrent in germany without a vpn you will get in trouble . 
  it seems more like english speaking press churns out a slew of new articles every time new polls get published and there are lots of polls like this conducted . 
   the general population 's perception of merkel swings back and forth like crazy . 
  more like especially english news articles oversensationalize oppinion polls heavily . 
  if you look at the actual curve it does n't swing that drastically . 
  for reference merkel 's approval is still at 47 % . 
  importantly also the polls for parties did not change . 
  this will most likely be a life sentence in germany, 
  there are ample staes in europe where you could get such a climate, 
  you mean like pakistan ? 
  that 's just not true . 
  people were forced by the occupying powers to grant shelters to refugees from the eastern territories . 
  and yes people were also forced to give up their homes ... 
  these things are in no way mutually exclusive and i am pretty certain funding the unhcr has been part of most plans, 
  the thing is nobody wanted refuees back last fall either . 
  i would be happier if we did n't have to help these people , but that does n't mean we do n't have to . 
  not wanting them is not the same as not seeing the obligation to help . 
  no of course they do n't have the right to go wherever they want . 
  they do however have the right to apply for asylum and the right to not be deported to an active war zone . 
  yeah i mean if you force people to take in ordinary people by force and just syphon of the great scientists, 
  nobody wants refugees, 
  and then we will deport them back to where they were assigned as soon as they get found in germany . 
  if people see they will consistently get sent back if found out they will stop coming, 
  like how russsia annexed crimea ? 
  nothing , but who will safeguard these very principles if not for europe ? 
  i could also see how respecting territorial integrity of another state might be something other powerful entities might find not very useful . 
  where do you think the infrastructure required would come from on uninhabitated islands . 
  oh i am against these style of camps . 
  i do n't really know how you got from my post that these were a good idea . 
  island camp is a so much nicer word than concentration camp !, 
  well it is pretty obvious how that could interfere with human rights ... 
  then bring up a viable alternative . 
  one that respects eu law and the geneva convention . 
  if you want to at least at face maintain them there is vey little alternative . 
  it is just a fact that it is not sustainable to have very few states carry that much of the burden . 
  i also know that people would prefer to live in northern and western europe , but we ca n't let them decide that . 
  they come here and want something from us . 
  we are obliged to provide protection .
