  there is no huge historical reason for austria not to be part of germany , at least not more than for example for bavaria to be part of germany, 
  well is there something not obvious ? 
  why would anyone wantan irish car bomb . 
  why would someone want any car bomb ? 
  uhm there are only 8.5 million austrians . 
  and while getting around with 8.5 million additional people would be rough i think we could make it work, 
  well but not because austria became a part of germany lol . 
  yeah i doubt people would be any way as scared if news broke that we had to somehow accomodate 1 million austrians . 
  i mean that would n't be an issue , firstly because you have to do quite literally nothing to integrate austrians into germany, 
  compared to everyone it is above average . 
  if you compare it only to western europe it is the lowest among them . 
  western europe is among the regions with the highest life expectancy worldwide, 
  see it is no secret that poor people andb adly integrated ones will tend to commit more crimes . 
  that is part of the reason why proper integration is so fucking important . 
  well west germany was occupied by the states that went to become nato ... 
  i think a lot of the positions of eastern european states will only lead to a higher quota of radicalized refugees, 
  it was a very real wall with very real people patrolling there shooting with very real guns at people trying to cross illegally, 
  well is n't that all already heavily prevalent in eastern europe ? 
  yeah it was cheap but it also is incredibly cheap to all the time point at ww2 , nazi guilt and white guilt . 
  ok maybe that is more retarded than just cheap ... 
  so germany should have just ignored eastern europe after the fall of the wall ? 
  after all we had enough domestic issues with creating a geman state out of two . 
  what could germany have done to stop the iron curtain ? 
  you might not have noticed but the berlin wall went right through germany . 
  see i can get that you blame ww2 and the holocaust on germany , but by the time the iron curtain came up germany was defeated . 
  also it is not like those eastern european countries did not collaborate with nazi germany ... 
  also the biggest wave of terrorism in germany was still left wing terrorism from the raf, 
  well it is already romania, 
  a giant vs a fly in terms of economics , but the fly can still completely blow up the gaint with fucking nukes, 
  well there have been american nukes for a very long time in germany, 
  well hungary is generally considered part of eastern europe even if they dont speak a slavic language, 
  it is not exactly new that there are nuclear warheads in germany . 
  there have been for more than sixty years and i highly doubt russia/ussr was not aware, 
  it is not that easy to work and live illegally in germany, 
  and how do you want to adress my concerns regarding the actual process of sealing off ? 
  the thing is would you fault said gentleman for not trying to step in when there is a very real threat for said gentleman to die trying to stop the rape even if he may slay the rapist ? 
  edit : also ona geopolitical scale if russia were to be eliminated what leads you to believe that the chinese would not see that as a massive threat regarding them ? 
  oh i think nobody doubt you could fully seal off europe . 
  you can erect walls and if you shoot down enough trespassers they will eventually stop trying . 
  you can sink boats trying to cross the mediteranean , you can turn back everyone coming to europe claiming asylum . 
  the problem with all this is that every single thing of these measures goes against internationally recognized human rights . 
  western europe = west of the iron curtain + the territory of the former gdr eastern europe = east of the iron curtain - the former gdr, 
  id oubt you will get that high approval for ukraine joining nato and an even lower one if you actually make the possible conseuences of this celar to the people, 
  what is there to gain from that ? 
  what is there to gain from potentially causing a bigger war with russia a country that still has massive nuclear capabilities . 
  well and we can think about that issue once the conflict is resolved, 
  risk the invocation of article 5 by a member state against russia . 
  also what is there to gain by accepting ukraine into nato ? 
  what does it do but potentially escalate the conflict ? 
  well but is n't the position of the german government also held by the majority of western governments ? 
  so if an imam calls for jihad against the west in your local mosque i guess that is fine in your mindset aswell ? 
  or only if that `` free speach '' happens to agree with your views ? 
  the issue is that accepting a state that is basically at war with russia into nato is basically calling for war, 
  reading the foreign comments here makes me think people didnt read her statement but rather what the media made it out to be which is very different from what she said, 
  wow no replace muslim in your sentence with jews, 
  yes mayb that would work . 
  another problem : how do you get the territory for said camps ? 
  how do you handle the influx of asylum applications that will cause because to be frank this will only cause more people to apply for asylum simply because it is easier to reach . 
  i think having those camps at the borders of europe seems more feasible . 
  see many many crimes were commited in that war both by the german and the russian side . 
  i do n't want anybody 's pity . 
  i think we should be remembering the brave common men that fought . 
  see th russian fighting the germans is no different than the german fighting the russians they both most likely just are soldiers because of circumstances . 
  i think we should be mostly remembering the sacrifices and the atrocities and not glorify war but that might be my bias coming from germany . 
  i do n't think the german soldier is any better than the russian soldier , but on the flipside i also do n't think the russian is any better than the german . 
  the common soldier or even just the common man was n't at fault and aot as done by the means of propaganda . 
  over al i think there is no need to have this hatred between germans and russians lingering , but i feel with the current political leaders a more friendly climate seems not particularly in reach, 
  and how does that prevent people from simply trying to come to europe ignoring said camps ? 
  what do you do when people simply still try to take the trek to europe, 
  so we should also abandon our ( financial ) responsibilities regarding slovakia ? 
  yeah , but well not your fault . 
  i think countries should be acknowleding their wrongdoings in the past , but i feel germany is more an outlier than the norm in regards to how the nazi history is handled, 
  yeah you can word it that way . 
  see i am sure everyone including mrs. merkel would be very happy if greece were to handle the issues on their border by themselves , but they fairly obviously can not so you offer them help with it . 
  now you can make offering help with border controls into `` proposing handing over national control of borders '' if you want to ,, 
  yes but if they do n't have/find work the german state is not obliged to pay them welfare . 
  it is quite hard to find a job in germany without speaking german . 
  also acquiring citizenship in poland should n't be all that easy i assume, 
  sorry but my town has been flooded by the tens of thousand of asylants aswell ... 
  i am from munich, 
  sometimes i am asking myself how much different answers i would guess if i 'd change my flair to a hungarian one for example, 
  well then they will have the choice between being legal in poland or illegal anywhere else ... 
  well there certainly were a lot of lies and false promisses going on, 
  what better solutions do you propose ? 
  one where the burden is not a lot bigger on countries like greece , italy , austria , germany or sweden ? 
  well at least our governement pushed for a bigger quota system especialyl to help border countries like greece and italy to set up eu hotspots for asylants financed by eu money . 
  but eastern european countries blocked a bigger mandatory quotas . 
  say thanks to them ... 
  well you can draw a border along the former iron curain just changing the line to include all of germany and you get significantly more homogenity ... 
  i seriously doubt the differences between hamburg and copenhagen are so very steep, 
  well if you granted them polish citizenship you could send them to germany , but germany would n't be obligated to pay them anything, 
  so all those illegal mexicans in the us should be immediately granted us citizenship aswell ? 
  the czech republic is free to leave the european union, 
  no but you can find that out later . 
  i bet that a good part of germans renaturalized after getting stripped of their nationality or their descendantts didnt have perfect paperwork either, 
  yes then they should gather that and go to poland . 
  you need to get that straight in poland, 
  so these people should not get asylum ? 
  or what do you want to say with that . 
  that there is not officially war shouldnt really change anything,
