  well if you take a car accelerate too 100 kmh and drive into a crowded street it is lucky that only 3 people ended up dead, 
  honestly i feel like that if this happened in the us the guy would have been shot . 
  i am really glad the police was able to seize him alive, 
  well this is about context tho . 
  see i think every one knows how it ended up the last time there was a nationalist german government . 
  it just would raise a lot of questions and probably destabilize europe if it looked like nazis came to power in germany, 
  now imagine if we had slogans like we should keep germany to the germans ... just imagine the international cryout, 
  well i am pretty sure that there are tons of military bases that are no longer necessary in germany . 
  we are not longer the centre of the cold war where there are massive amounts of military bases by both blocs, 
  of the crrent ones the greens were in power repeatedly together with the spd . 
  the leftist party only won one state so far . 
  we also had the fdp that has faded recently but also was in power ( but well the fdp already existed in 49 ), 
  well in the history of germany post ww2 there have been multiple new parties emerging and parties falling and going down . 
  from the parties that currently sit in the parliament only the two big ones ( spd and cdu/csu ) were in the parliament of 1949, 
  i personally like how it is done here in germany where you elect a party and a local representative and the parliament is then made so it fits the percentages the party votes have but you still have your local representative, 
  well it has been the most popular party recently . 
  also why is it bad if a party can reap 30-40 % of the votes they also get 30-40 % of the seats ? 
  thats just overly idealistic tho . 
  i mean politicians are people . 
  they should be working for the people mostly , but in reality they areon the lookout for themselves aswell and i ca n't even expect them not to be on the lookout for themselves ( `` jeder ist sich selbst der n\u00e4chste '' ), 
  `` since world war ii and the fall of nazi germany , only the third stanza has been used as the national anthem '' seriously you want to educate us on our own fucking national anthem ? 
  let us all strive for this purpose brotherly with heart and hand !, 
  unity and justice and freedom are the pledge of happiness ; bloom in the glow of happiness , bloom , german fatherland ! '', 
  by the way why do you seem to hate germany so much, 
  so when you do n't have any arguments left you go with germans are nazis ? 
  that is really sad . 
  also deutschland \u00fcber alles makes a lot of sense in the wake of a revolution that strived for a unified democratic germany instead of a country scattred into local governments most without a proper constitution . 
  also this is not part of the national anthem of germany . 
  the national anthem is only the third stanza . 
  so you want politicians to earn less so they have to focus more on how they get themselves into a good position ? 
  so that they have to rely even more on lucrative offers from lobbys ? 
  do you really expect people not to act selfish ? 
  see if you burn the flag of another country while waving your own that makes people upset . 
  but should n't there be repercussions if you act badly ? 
  see if i run a company and i run it beyond the point where it is viable it is over . 
  i have to fire my employees and then they will suffer because they just lost their jobs , but thats probably due to bad decisions . 
  greek governments made bad decisions aswell and now we should just let it slide because greece is a country ? 
  bad decisions happen and if you go overburden with debt bad things happen . 
  also what else solution is there ? 
  i can see that you do n't want the greeks to suffer , but it is not like somebody forced them to do all this . 
  after all greece fucked up and not the rest of us . 
  but is n't islam in that just really similar to christianity before the enlightenment ? 
  and would you say that the same incompatibility holds true for christianity ? 
  i for one do n't believe that everyone should be free in whatever they want to believe and i firmly believe that islam can be practiced while respecting the basis of our society . 
  if christianity as a set of beliefs was able to adapt than why should islam not be especially considering how close christianity and islam ( and judaism for that ) are . 
  then at what point does a divine entity come into play ? 
  at the point of the creation of earth ? 
  at the inception of the universe ? 
  also what speaks against that the existence of humankind is just a random play in the universe ? 
  i personally find it hard to believe in a god because every empiric evidence i have seen speaks against a personalized god . 
  i respect people if they want to believe into god because i can see it is as a great source of strength . 
  i personally rather believe into a more abstract concept of a god , but to be honest i ca n't really explain it , it is probably closesly tied to the idea of randomness to me . 
  during the entire fucking cold war ? 
  i mean do you really think there would not have rolled tanks across the border if the east saw germany as undefended ? 
  it would suprise me a lot if those votes would not get skewed to defending if push comes to shove . 
  probably more if you had more sane commanders , but tbh that does n't matter and it is probably good that we didnt win ww2, 
  do you really think we would have our current germany if not for nato defending us post ww2 until the end of the cold war ? 
  well what he said was also in the article, 
  but those were not in our backyards for the most part and not against such a major power, 
  see i do n't want an armed conflict either , but just because i do n't want something to happen should not mean i close my eyes to it potentially happening and i thinko we 'd absolutely have to honour it if worst came to worst simply to not destabilize europe further, 
  and that is a good reason why it would be foolish not to honour \u00a7 5 if it came to it . 
  also if the conflicts spark more across europe i doubt germany could just stay clear of it . 
  also our country has relied so long on nato itself to not get attacked ... 
  there needs to happen a lot more for germany to leave nato in my oppinion . 
  i for one would certainly not want it adnd even just because it was the signal that the west does nto stand together, 
  well what do you expect from the successors of the sed ( east germanys party ) ? 
  can somebody summarize the report ? 
  i do n't understand french, 
  pretty sure the us would be invited aswell . 
  you folks are rich . 
  focussing on the south american teams because those are more relevant generally in terms of competition, 
  there are things such as definite proofs just not in that context . 
  well i 'd rather try to avoid fighting at the front than dying in nuclear fire . 
  chances are way higher i would die in a nuclear war, 
  that seems really unrealistic to make an ally out of britain . 
  if britain had fallen earlier chances are the us would not even have engaged in europe considering they had their own war going on in the pacific . 
  well , but they also pose the threat of something much worse happening . 
  sounds decent :d gets rid of the mess in eastern germany . 
  we could also just add austria and south tyrol and form a grand germany ? 
  or we secede in the south and unite that with austria ? 
  or everything that was former east prussia to germany ? 
  grml is a sound of dissatisfaction basicly . 
  my dictionary translated it to to grumble , but that seems not to be quite catching the word . 
  who said they get big seats ? 
  still sorry not my first language , but thanks for pointing it out , 
  i do n't like them either but it looks like it makes more sense that way . 
  having so many voters getting represented by so little seatsis just wrong . 
  if it went like this here in germany we 'd probably only have cdu and spd with most of the minor parties being only on very very little seats, 
  yeah maybe i was a bit biased because i saw it was rt , but it kinda made it sound like nazis were on the rise again in germany, 
  well but franklsy this is a village with 40 peoples living there . 
  outliers like this however much it sucks can happen , but this makes it sound like it is much bigger . 
  also it makes it sound like this is a more recent development , but i can easily find articles from 2007 saying that this had been like this there for more than 10 years ( from 2007 so for more than 20 years now ) . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/braunes-jamel-ein-dorf-in-der-hand-von-neonazis-a-496755.html nazi parties are definitely not on the rise in germany . 
  well but thats not only for german . 
  for example in swedish its the same as german, 
  that just feels super weird because \u00e4ngstlich ( which would be the german correspondet word means anxious, 
  ok that is confusing, 
  are they also banning people if they were cross necklaces ? 
  like if you want to use angsty why not use fearful ? 
  or what else is that supposed to mean ?
