  germany also has had only 3 chancellors since 1982 compared to six us presidents , six uk pms and five french presidents . 
  then feel free to do so . 
  the german government factually has the backign of a wide share of the population, 
  was n't copernicus from a german speaking family ? 
  look at the actions of the polish government, 
  well the polish government does not see to act a lot like that poll would suggest, 
  germany is already buying almost as much gas from norway as from russia . 
  there ismply is not that much gas to buy there . 
  also russia or the soviet union never cut energy supply . 
  also our energy praces are already amongst the highest, 
  norway does not sell enough gas though to provide the supply russia is giving . 
  germany also has been cutting its dependence on russia and is using less than 40 % russian gas with the rest mostly coming from nl and norway . 
  what th nord stream pipelines do is cut out middlemen which , considering the actions ukraine took , is probably not a bad idea . 
  it is also cutting transfer fees . 
  if poland was not concerned about that money they could always offer to waive those fees . 
  poland could offer a scheme were transfer . 
  fees are waived for transport through poland if this was not just all about the money lost, 
  cool and how do you think you will find allies for that ? 
  on what basis do you even want sanctions ? 
  also circumventing ukraine seems like a smart move considering they already tamered with the gas in the past . 
  which is easy to say sitting on massive deposits of natural resources , but there is only so much gas the netherlands and norway sell . 
   1 ) stop resettling refugees and migrants in europe , stop giving them benefits , stop giving them health care , stop giving them housing , and stop giving the next migrant an incentive to cross the mediterranean . 
  ok and what do you do about the echr just striking down laws like this ? 
  because that is going to go against the declaration of human rights  2 ) change your constitution and then deport people . 
  eternity clause, 
   a few million mouths who can not pay for the welfare state costs underpinning europe , none of which leads to peace but is easily the mot destabilizing factor the continent has seen since the end of the war , yes even counting the soviets . 
  i heavily disagree that his is the most destabilizing factor on the continent since ww2 . 
  maybe since the fall of the soviet union though . 
  i would also obviously prefer if these people were not here , but i am simply not seeing any adequate alternative . 
  i personally think redistributing those with high chance of approved asylum application and deporting those with declined applications from camps at the european border , while simulataneously setting up deals with otehr states to reduce the inflow aswell as looking to change what is actually causing these flight movements is a good idea , but that is obviosuyl more complex and less of a punch line than `` close the borders '' and also requires responsibility taken by all members of the eu and not just a few . 
   `` oh , it did n't go well . 
  let 's force everyone to do immigrant sharing even though we know it wo n't solve anything . '', 
   there 's literally nothing more hasty and toughtless than the current eu migration policy short of outright warfare . 
  ( like in libya , iraq and afghanistan ) because the more thought out approaches are getting blockaded . 
  becaue a good chunk of countries just refuse to take on a part of responsibility . 
  the policy of taking people to germany also could have only ever been a temporary solution to buy time to build a european solution . 
  a solution that evidently failed . 
   was already done with serbia and kosovo in the 90s . 
  and just about every pushing of socially liberal ngos in africa , asia , eastern europe and the middle-east . 
  do we want to reinforce the message that aggresssion against your neighbors is acceptable ? 
   aside from the mass-intake of people that could only ever serve to destabilize europe , locally and in an international perspective , apparently ? 
  there is no reasonable alternative thoug . 
  and i also do think that yes it is the right thing to do to grant shelter to those fleeing war and persecution , but also to send them back once the reasons are over as happened with the balkans refugees . 
   not particularly . 
  it 's the same principle and homosexuality is a rather bigger issue in many parts of africa than african migrants are . 
  i am pretty certain that this is a missjudgement . 
  changing laws about homosexuality is exactly that , just chaning laws , while housing hundreds of thousands of refugees could make these countries targets fore terrorism for example . 
   the refugee status of those are yet another thing the eu pushed through thoughtlessly . 
  the refugee status is not something the eu created . 
   have you ever looked at southeast turkey ? 
  have you ever looked at ukraine ? 
   something short-term and thoughtless . 
  well if you can not implement long term protocols you have to do something short term first . 
  do you think using tear gas and rubber bullets against refugees in hungary would have been a better course of action ? 
   if that 's the case it 'll happen either way . 
  it 's utterly down to russia 's cost/benefits and our willingness to fight for the ukraine . 
  ( i.e. 
  nil ) if russia thinks our willingness to accept changes like this only increases then it will make it likely they make a move . 
   again strongarming is done regularly by western states on issues we care about . 
  norway cuts their oil funds the second their ngos face state blowback for instance . 
  never wit hthe full weight of the countries though which was my point . 
   certainly , greek entry into the eu . 
  breaking of eu finance rules , without nary a peep from the eu itself , for years on end . 
  mitterand was the one most critical of greek entry into the ec . 
  that was also mostly to keep the southern flank of the ec clean and to give countries just escaping dicatatorship a chance to consolidate their democracy ( similar reasoning really for greece , spain and portugal ) # cap budgets have been a french thing always and that has n't changed in the past years , but was never something france used its whole might to leverage ultimately because that was unnecesary . 
  and breaking the eu finance rules was done by basically everything and onobdy got punished for that though i do think everyone should have been ( and yes that is including germany ) according to the severity of the breaks, 
  you might want to glance at the rest of my former post . 
  it accidentaly was submited early . 
   their dependence on foreign aid and willingness to give up other issues like homophobic laws the eu and others strongballed them on earlier . 
  this is on a significantly larger scale though , than some homophobic laws though . 
  also i find it quite interesting that you seem to have an issue with those , but no issue with just sending people fleeing from exactly these laws back to their country of origin . 
   erdogan 's deal is effectively inviting in millions of more immigrants in visa overstays in exchange for blocking another set of immigrants , solving nothing whatsoever . 
  deals with africa and the middle-east generally does n't require more than resources or other remittances . 
  that is doubtful . 
  why would millions of turks eve nwant to overstay like this ? 
  also if that was a concern we should have never passed visa free travel for ukraine either . 
  ukraine is vastly poorer than turkey . 
   a deal you 're already set to break and was largely a one-sided german one . 
  it 'll never pass in a million years in october . 
  well the eu was blockaded and there was a requirement to do soemthing . 
   yes , the consequences are getting your will through . 
  it certainly never bothers people on the numerous occasions it 's already being done , it 's only ever an issue when it comes to border controls apparently . 
  yes and also allowing for other countries to be more forceful in getting their will though . 
  we might not see the war in ukraine contained ot the east for example . 
  it also certainly did bother a lot of people when russia did it and it would be quite hypocritical to resort to hte same measures  germany and france does literally every time a new market is introduced or a new budget is pushed through . 
  i do n't think you know what would happen if france and germany would leverage their full weight without regards for consequences . 
   the vast majority of africa for one . 
  as evidenced by ? 
  i also do not see why you as someone who seems to be so much against the deal with erdogan would want to make deals with otehr governemtns akin to the deal made with erdogan ? 
   by only opting for the stable states . 
  they 'll be as guaranteed as they are in europe currently , i.e. 
  they may be mistreated by fellow economic migrants or the ngos handling them but that is the everday case in europe as well . 
  it is exactly those stable states that are not really interested in turning their own countriesinto refugee camps . 
  but of course we are already having a deal with turkey and the german government had something in the working with tunisia which is not that interested itself . 
   you already have and it 's done daily , with regards to the eu and many other issues . 
  do n't pretend this is about some moral issue rather than you just being ideologically in favor of mass-migration to europe . 
  i am not in favour of mass immigration . 
  but there are consequences for utilizing inhumane means or means of pure power politics . 
  and yes i do value peace in europe and global stability more than the prosepect of having to feed a few hundred thousand mouths . 
  politics purely based on power is also not really done in the eu and has never been done .
