  what i was trying to express was that commiting war crimes does not make reciprocative war crimes right or just . 
  that most likely is overly naive and idealistic , but it is how i think it should be . 
  i personally would be much happier if we could have good polish german relations without constantly bringing the past up , but sometimes i just have enough of always just reading about what happened to the poles and i also want to bring up what happened to the germans in now poland . 
  please understand that i do n't want anything back , but sometimes the idealist in me just shines through that wants to label what happened to germans a crime aswell . 
  it also is just a topic you ca n't discuss in real life so i do it on the internet . 
  i also get the feeling at times that a lot of poles do n't really know about this , correct me please if that is wrong . 
   explanation : according to you it was apparently some alien government sent to germany by heavens who committed those crimes and then miraculously disappeared . 
  poor little 1940s germans , they were sooo unlucky and so much not to blame . 
  no that is not what i said . 
  what i said is that those crimes does not make commiting crimes against the perpatrator just . 
   border revisionism ftw !, 
  yes , that 's exactly what we need now in europe . 
  personally i 'm all for greater hungary , and you ? 
  the current borders in europe are mostly drawn around ethnic borders ... 
   again , what you are saying is : if you start a war and you lose , then it is wrong to lose territories . . 
  sorry , cant wrap my head around this . 
  no the point is tha tif you annex territories it is wrong to force the entire population to leave and to seize their property, 
  i am comparing ethnic cleansing to ethnic cleansing . 
  no it is not the same obviously . 
  it both are ethnic cleansings tho , with one forcing a population group to leave and one with killing people . 
  killing people is obviously worse , but i consider them similar in the way that both were ethnic cleansings . 
  i also have n't said that germany did n't deserve this or that it did n't call for this , but rather that it also was wrong . 
  i just do n't think that war crimes justify war crimes . 
  see these were not treated as war crimes because the allies won . 
  the cleansing of germans was not a crime against against humanity because the allies won , but does that really make those deeds less of a crime ? 
  yes , i think what i really wanted to say is that those territories had been primarily german for the longest time . 
  as you said they were ruled by the piasts for a long time ( albeit here with strong ties to the rest of the hre ) , but also under the piasts there were a pretty big amount of german settlers after a lot of the population died to mongol invasions . 
  also interestingly the stories from my granny were basically all about the evil russians ( my grandma had to flee from the area around lodz being part of the german minority ) and the americans that barely pushed up to where i grew up preventing us from falling under russian rule . 
  actually this topic is not a topic you really speak about . 
  i just do n't like having to shut up about one even that i would consider a crime against humanity against germans , just because the nazis commited horrible crimes . 
  i see why it was done , i just do n't consider it to be just . 
  and i am not saying anything against expelling germans from the territories germany occupied . 
  i am only talking about the longstanding territories of the german state . 
  i just do n't think it is right to commit a crime against humanity against a group of people because the government of that group commited crimes against humanity . 
  as for historically german territories , i am mostly referring to the territories in western poland that had been german most of the time before . 
  if you want a reference map take one from 1648 at the end of the 30 years war : http://www.emersonkent.com/map_archive/europe_1648.htm, 
  the polish authorities also had the hand in the expulsion of germans . 
  i do n't deny that most of it was decided on by the allies and the ussr specifically , but it is not like the polish state had no hand in it . 
   your government 's policy was to eliminate jews , enslave ( and then eliminate ) slavs , settle poland with germans and then settle further east , to the ural mountains , as the population grew . 
  so because the german government commited atrocities it is fine to commit similar atrocities against the german population ? 
   yes you said `` it was never polish '' . 
  and that was wrong !, 
  i am sorry . 
  see after all it does n't really matter . 
  these territories were polish for a part of their history and german for a part of their history . 
  we wo n't agree on that it is a fact that the german population was forced to flee/expulsed from now western poland after the war . 
  i think that that was unjust aswell to strip people of their property and force them to abandon their homes in areas that have been part of a german state for a logn time ( basically in the territory that was not part of the polish partitions , but was already not polish before those ), 
  see i know the nazis commited horrible atrocities , but really this is not the point here . 
  a good chunk of those territories were historically german . 
  really i just do n't want to have to shut up on this all the time because the nazis were horrible . 
  just because the nazis were horrible does not mean you can not commit unjust against germans . 
  yes i know . 
  interestingly this is a topic that is usually not taught much in germany at least when i went to school . 
  usually in that part of history at least it is told in a way to exactly depict our country in a bad way . 
  as for the acts of individuals and the acts of the state there was both . 
  actually i find it pretty tough to find sources on the topic because historians obviously were n't so keen on desciribing the bad stuff that happened to germans after the war . 
  if you want to read on the topic a bit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9350 ) #poland .2 c_including_former_german_territories https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_from_poland_during_and_after_world_war_ii edit : another thing to grasp the extent of that event : it is pretty hard to find german families these days that do n't have close relatives from the people that had to flee . 
  for example my grandma had to flee being part of the german minority near lodz, 
  have you looked at those maps ? 
  silesia was part of the german empire since 1348 as part of bohemia . 
  i also did n't say silesia was never polish , i said it was german for the majority of its history . 
  you also mentioned 1741 . 
  yes that was when prussia conquered silesia tho not from poland but from austria another german state . 
  a map of europe from 1648 : http://www.emersonkent.com/map_archive/europe_1648.htm poland is a lot further east , 1648 as the end of the 30 years war . 
  europe around 1400 : http://www.euratlas.net/history/europe/1400/1400.jpg poland was farther east than it is today for most of its history europe around 1000 : http://www.euratlas.net/history/europe/1000/1000.jpg here you can see poland in a more westward position , but this map is very far detached from modern europe as for the flight and expulsion of germans : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9350 ), 
  yes there was a large territory stripped from germany , if that was right or wrong is not for me to decide . 
  i can certainly say that cleansing millions of germans of their homes and stripping them from their property is wrong . 
  just for an impression of the numbers : there were more germans expelled/fled from these territories than there were dead poles over ww2 and the holocaust ( 8 million vs 6 million ) , albeit the deathtoll obviously being lower ( around 2 million dead and 12 million in both german states after ww2 ) . 
  please understand that i do n't want to relativize anything i just want to give you a feel for the numbers . 
  these were systemical ethnic cleansings . 
  people were given notice they had to leave , their property was stripped of them . 
  remnants of the germanness were stripped from poland . 
  cities and streets got renamed also i do n't like this sentiment of just hiding behind moscow . 
  i know that poland was done huge unjust aswell and that for the most part poland had no decision in this either , but it was poland that got those territories . 
  poland seized those cities and stripped quite a lot of the german heritage of these cities . 
  see i do n't want anything . 
  the only thing that i would like to see is to accept that even with how horrid the crimes of germany and the nazis were these large scale ethnic cleansings were a crime against humanity aswell, 
  i do n't think we will get to an agreement on this matter . 
  matter of the fact there were millions of germans cleansed from what now is western poland entire regions were depopulated . 
  historically poland also has been farther to the east than it is today . 
  to a minimal extent tho . 
  i am not talking about the parts that were historically polish . 
  i am talking about cities that were culturally german with an overbearing german speaking majority . 
  cities like danzig or regions like pommerania or silesia that were n't polish before the partitions even . 
  is n't that what they usully do ? 
  how about we remind poland that it also annexed vast areas of german territory ( no not territory acquired in the partitions , but territory inhabitated by germans for centuries ) and cleansed millions of ethnic germans out of their country ? 
  also in general \u00d6ttinger is a moron . 
  i wish we could get rid of that guy . 
  so far delegating him to the eu has been the farthest they got him out of the way . 
  i do n't see that most politicians see it as a a very black and white issue at least . 
  they try to come up with solutions that respect our rules and laws , no if that will lead to a solution we do n't know . 
  the media on the other hand also has n't been that extreme in my experience at least tho i do n't watch too much outside of the tagesschau these days . 
  i fully agree that this black and white view is horrific stifling convresation that we are in dire need for . 
  the biggest issue to me is that the topic is extremely emotionally charged making it hard to get rational discussions . 
  i also think that the vast majority of people actually are in that last category that you described . 
  people are scared and i can absolutely understand that . 
  i also actually feel like most politicians are in that category , but a lot of people currently in power are prone to follow the law very closely in this situtation ( which generally is a good thing in my oppinion ) , but also leads to statements like `` there can be no upper limit '' , which is completely right in a legal sense , but can lead to bad responses from the people . 
  i think actually one of the biggest issues that our government in general is fairly poor at communicating . 
  i think overall most of their actions are rational , but very poorly communicated in parts, 
  but that is how oit works .
