  that has been the german position the entire time, 
  wildpissen is a word in german aswell . 
  well a colloquial term, 
  well i guess a lot of the re resentment coming from the old bloc lines so poland is eastern europe . 
  it would really suprise me if that was one of the statistics you would n't see the east/west border . 
  i owuld guess it is just noot divided up in regional statistics for germany, 
  `` divergent opinions are a part of democracy . 
  in such a case , you jointly hash out a solution . 
  in that process , everyone has a role to play . 
  angela merkel is chancellor and i am the finance minister . 
  politicians ' responsibilities come from the offices they hold . 
  nobody can coerce them . 
  if anyone were to try , i could go to the president and ask to be relieved of my duties . '', 
  i guess this is the quote they are reffering to . 
  it is taken from an interview published by the spiegel ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/interview-with-german-finance-minister-wolfgang-schaeuble-a-1044233.html ) and to be honest i think this article gives it a weird spin . 
  it seems very unlikely to see sch\u00e4uble resign . 
  he is still a realy popular minister . 
  so how often are people gon na post this ? 
  i really thinhk the this interview was good , but it feels kinda weird to read an interview with your own finance minister in english . 
  i especially like that he focusses on being realistic and being pragmatic with how to resolve this issue instead of trying to charge it emotionally . 
  the problem with a fiscal union is in my oppinion that the european countries are just to different . 
  for example belgium , netherlands , germany and austria could build a fiscal union . 
  you could probably also definitely add scandinavia and maybe convince gb because those are all fairly similar countries , but some of the southern countries especially are not . 
  honestly i would love such a currency . 
  you could also get a more close together fiscal policy because the countries are a lot closer in terms of structure and mentality . 
  lets ask scandinavia and benelux if they want to join aswell !, 
  yep when you use acronyms in a language that is not your native one :d especially the acronym for your homecountry :d, 
  sch\u00e4uble also said that a haircut might be necessary that this just cnnot happen within the monetary union, 
  the stuff they fucked up was all but insignificant . 
  they managed to completely wreck any trust the ez had into greece . 
  they managed to force capital controls being introduced and the banks shutting down and that wrecks the greek economy . 
  and then they blame the ez when their plan to strongarm them doesnt work out because they overestimated their own power . 
  well germany is the frontrunner tho . 
  germany is just the biggest state in the ez . 
  the german gdp is growing , but that is not necessarly only due to the euro . 
  also yes loaning money at an incredibly low rate is help . 
  no , not really . 
  the reunification was written as the primary goal into the constitution ... 
  what else would you suggest as securities ? 
  well they had the choice of not giving money to greece or putting in a tough program . 
  the problem is there were no real preparations for an orderly grexit because the greek government was not prepared so that was really not an option so they had to go for another bailout . 
  this is not about punishing or humiliating this is about finding an agreement and tsipras just was in no place to negotiate anymore . 
  not giving money out without securities and a view that the money might do good and the country might reform is raw power politics ? 
  tieing reforms to the money is strangling ? 
  also how do you think the ez could be sure that greece will actually implement reforms ? 
  the thing is that the tsipras government fucked stuff up a lot harder than it was necessary . 
  especially since they quit negotiations and called for that referendum that led to banks shutting down and then they straight up ignored the referendum because they apparently do n't want to go for a grexit ( where they also could get a haircut ... ), 
  well i think if that was the price to pay for reunification it was probably a price they should have been ( and were ) willing to pay . 
  as much as it may comeback to bite us now the reunification was pretty much the goal of the fdr, 
  well greek always had the option of a grexit, 
  well he said that there can be no haircut in the ez and that if a haircut is necessary as a lot of people s ay a grexit , possibly only temporary , might be the better solution . 
  i think that is his oppinion , but i also think he will stand behind a solution that is different if one is found . 
  i do n't think he will vote against merkel . 
  honestly i am nnot seeing it happen at least not while i am alive, 
  i doubt that any of this could take it to a federeal europe beingaccepted . 
  and what the greek government did was not naked propaganda ? 
  because his position is backed by the german public opinion . 
  see it also seems lunatic to me that tsipras has over 65 % approval rate . 
  well we saw how well that worked out in the last 5 months . 
  now greece is on the verge of total economic collapse, 
  and then greece took the last month to shatter trust and maneuver itself in an increasingly worse position and now they somehow are mad when people give them a harder instead of an easier deal . 
  especially the last weeks just did massive damage, 
  well mostlythere was just a huge chunk of `` new '' land that wa s just not as well developed / competitive as the rest of germany, 
  does it bother me ? 
  yes it does , but it is necessary to have close standards of living within germany . 
  also there was a lot of political will to do this because people really wanted the reunification . 
  it was just our duty to rebuild or at least try to in eastern germany . 
  also how do the rich states really benefit from the `` l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich '' ? 
  and how many more billions should that be ? 
  are the 100 billions germany gave so far not enough ? 
  we do n't want money from greece tho ... 
  well germans were involved in a lot of the worlds famous weapons, 
  it is a joke , 
  denmark is d\u00e4nemark in german !, 
  this is just harder to get jokes when i dont hear you say it beause it lacks tone :d also i do n't even think this will have an impact such as the boycott denmark back then , because effectively who will follow this call for boycot ? 
  edit : tyskland sounds cute !, 
  maybe , but by now the damage is already done ... 
  i know that the capital controls ca n't belifted willy-nilly . 
  that does not change the fact that having banks closed for another month will be the final nail in the coffin . 
  there is also a difference between having banks completely shutdown and having capital controls in place . 
  if people ca n't ccess their bank accounts they ca n't do business at all . 
  if people ca n't withdraw money and ca n't use cards to pay they cant buy stuff . 
  even with just 60 $ daily to be withdrawn people can at least buy the essentials of staying alive . 
  i am certainly not calling for capital controls to be ended right now ( because as you said that would be lunatic ) , but that does not change the facts that without banks at al the economy simply does not work, 
  assuming that will have any impact whatsoever, 
  it is almost like other ez countries hold similar oppinions as germany :o, 
  yes as i said the pension system will not work out . 
  i doubt tho that the other parts will collapse sawell . 
  also why would immigration dry up ? 
  germany is still the second most popular immirgration target in the world ( after the us ), 
  well we alreay see how well greece accepts measures where it would lose some sovereignty ... 
  and why would big countries put in money into countries that do n't seem like they are doing a good job without wanting something back ? 
  countries are not charities . 
  while i am certain that the current pension system here at least is no longer sustainable ( and i honestly expect i wo n't get anything out of it anymore ) , i think that welfare will not be abolished . 
  there is no political will to destroy it at least here in germany and it makes zero sense to remove unemployed or health benefits . 
  i doubt you get neutral infos , so : `` the irish do n't have a troika cash drain ! '', 
  or `` the irish actually work hard and implement reforms ! '', 
  just take whatever fits your political view best, 
  we also have good guns , great guns , just do n't expect them to hit reliably . 
  ze great german engineering !,
