  yeah if that happens the greek economy is probably done for good . 
  you supressed ? 
  you need some panzer ? 
  a plan with debt relief will probably not pass the bundestag tho and probably not other parliaments either, 
  well such a deal would probably involve a grexit tho, 
  no that is not the point . 
  the point of this agreement was to avoid a grexit . 
  do you really think greece would have been betteroff with a grexit that they have no preparations for ? 
  yeah only the vast majority of the ez finance ministers thinks alike the german position ... also apart from a grexit that was probably also an option in negotiations what where the other politically feasible options other than an agreement like this ? 
  well if that is what they want to do then i am pretty certain it wo n't work . 
  the only thing i can really imagine to happen if the deal fails is a grexit, 
  well the us is completely free to give greece money, 
  well to be fair the french govenment probably played a pretty big role in keeping a grexit from happening, 
  this is mostly about politics by now tho . 
  no this has nothing to do with the church really . 
  the cdu albeit having christian in its name never uses the church as an argument, 
  if they wanted a grexit they could have pretty much forced it by just saying that they wo n't negotiate anymore ... 
  the problem is nobody wants to be responsible for finally causing a grexit . 
  i also do n't see that germany is dictating the terms . 
  i mean this article exactly stated that almost all the other ez states were of a similar position, 
  i am really just am looking if the deal gets finalized because that looks all but certain to me . 
  i still think we could be facing a grexit within the week . 
  but what should germany/the ez had done ? 
  i think it would have been not right to give in to tsipras with how he tried to strongarm the ez or at least thats how it looked . 
  giving in to this would send a signals that you just have to threaten the ez and they give you debt relief . 
  what would have then kept other countries from trying the same ? 
  well luxemburg hsa a very high gdp per capita rate , they just dont have so many people, 
  and that 's totally fine . 
  i am honestly suprised spain is so high, 
  well our government will definitely have a majority in the parliament no matter what . 
  the coalition holds around 85 % of the seats in the parliament . 
  even if half of merkels party would not vote with them they 'd still ahve a majority . 
  this is more about if they back merkel and so far it looks like there will definitely be people voting against it , but the vast majority will still stand behind the chancellor . 
  no if worst comes to worse we will help for sure . 
  there was already talk about humanitarian aid going on . 
  the thing is if greece does not reform how are we ever supposed to get out of th is crisis ? 
  also i still can not really see why greek ca n't put up with reducing spending the way otehr countries did aswell ( portugal , lithuania , ireland for example ) playing the blame game will not get us any further , neither blaming the `` lazy greeks '' or the `` evil germans '' . 
  i would say my faith is better than 7 or 8 days ago in the light of the referendum . 
  i also think thtat the very character of the negotiations is that there can not be winners . 
  it is just about finding a point where the advantages outweigh the disadvantages . 
  i personally feel lik our politicians did a good job coming to an agreement and i hope that greece will take this chance , that i think will be the last it gets . 
  as much as i may not like the catholic church the current pope is pretty great . 
  political miscalculations seem to the theme of the syriza government ... 
  well varoufakis was a huge hardliner in the greek government ( probably even more than sch\u00e4uble is , but in another direction ) . 
  the problem is beingonly a hardliner does n't lead to good negotiations because it makes it hard to switch to another position, 
  europe hardly destroyed syriza . 
  syriza self destroyed with the lunatic policies overestimating their own power and trying to strongarm the ez . 
  by doing that they destroyed all trust and goodwill and that lead to a worse deal for greece also because they just unilaterally ended the last negotiations . 
  syriza had to accept a worse deal than any other government because they managed to ride down greece even more . 
  they managed to let it come to banks closing which basically forced them to accept any deal or leave the euro . 
  the problem as i see it is that this is a time where greece needs a good leadership and the syriza government just seems to be lying in political shambles , but there is no time to set up something else because right now time is of the essence . 
  i think the best bet is to try to get greece back up a bit again at least get the bank system running again and have some deal done and go to elections once it is a less critical phase . 
  what really worries me tho is that if it comes to elections in greece later this year that a party/leader will be voted in power that is heavily against the eu deal again because if that were to happen again i am pretty certain we would see a grexit happening . 
  i think the best thing is she is a very capable politician and someone that wil negotiate relentlessly if necessary . 
  someone that is mostly just driven by pragmatism which is i think a good place to be, 
  well but the greek government maneuvered itself in a very poor position for negotiations , destroying trust while also making it extremely clear that they basically need money at almost any cost . 
  if you have to negotiate a compromise and you are in a very poor position the compromise will not be favoring you, 
  somewhere in the middle with a compromise just as we saw it happen on the summit . 
  the compromise is obviously skewed by how the positions of the countries were and that greece had very little to offer by now and needed a lot . 
  you just have to find a place where the advantages outweigh the disadvantages ( as merkel said ) and this time it ended up with the result of this summit, 
  why do n't you do contingency plans tho ? 
  not being prepared for multiple scenarios just seems so super risky in case something goes wrong and at the very least it weakens your negotitation position, 
  none of this is true but personal attacks against me are really not productive . 
  the only thing i stated was my oppinion . 
  you can disagree with me thats fine , but there is no reason to be insulting, 
  it is also quite infuriating that not giving out loans without securities is unsolidaric these days . 
  see we all talk about banks giving out bad lonas that caused the crisises and how that should n't be allowed , but now not giving out bad loans to greece is undsolidaric ? 
  it is also quite an insane amount of money they need again and they have nothing that leads to us trusting that change will happen . 
  well it wo n't matter for us anymore , but maybe fo the grandchildren of our grandchildren . 
  i also do n't think you need to become anything like such a superstate . 
  i am fine with being just germany . 
  i am willing tho to at least consider the possibilities of a united europe in a few hundred years because even just 200 years ago a united germany seemed like phantasy, 
  well so much can change . 
  nobody would have guessed a hundred years ago that we could be talking like this . 
  that a german would talk in english over something like an internet to people all over europe to the people in the countries we were actually at war with back then, 
  well but for as much bad happened under hitler a lot of good happened aswell . 
  hitler lead germany out of depression and created massive employment and gave the people a sense of pride after they suffered ( in their oppinion ) under the oppressive terms of the treaty of verssailes . 
  please kep in mind that i absolutely do not like hitler , but saying that germany did n't start to get better economically is just not true . 
  also that was a time when faschism and racism where nothing terribly uncommon . 
  yes germany suffered the consequences . 
  germany was split in two had their population go through reeducation basically and has foreign military bases on its soil . 
  it was also sensible for the allies to rebuild germany as a vanguard against the svoiet union and also to have a market for their products . 
  also if they had just left germany on its own i fear the soviet union would have sacked the rest of germany aswell . 
  west germany was entirely dependent on its allies for most of its existence . 
  the allies allowed germany to rebuild but they had them pay a big price . 
  the german people also payed a price . 
  the germans got expulsed out of the cities they lived in ( danzig is a pretty extreme example that went from a city that used to have a mostly german population to only polish population by now ), 
  well you ca n't just allow people to do anything tho . 
  there are rules in the eu aswell and if greece chooses not to abide by those rules it will have to face the consequences, 
  uhm so far it seems like germany is getting most of the blame, 
  well this is not something there is political will for in germany at all, 
  honestly i do n't see wealth distribution happening and i really do n't want it to happen . 
  well maybbe it will happen ... in a few hundred years, 
  well but is being a hostile towards the countries that gave you the money good in that situation ? 
  no that is not the issue . 
  it is the way it was communicated the way it was brought up the way it was made big and not just a small sidekick something that can be done nice and quiet , but instead it had to bee done loudly and used to agitate against the evil germans . 
  this is exactly how i feel about tsipras . 
  and i think he doesnt/didnt even realize how much he hurt himself and greece by doing this, 
  the thing is there are still rules ( including the one that rules out a debt cut as long as greece is in the ez ) . 
  there is also a rule that if you want to negotiate with someone you should not unilaterally end the negotiations pull a referendum ( and if that happend 4 weeks earlier everyone wouldnt have had a problem with it or found it good ) in an attempt to strongarm the eu and when he realizes that this does not work tries to come back and ask for even more money when you do n't even have a clue if he actually wants to reform or just take the money and get lost ?
