  well the cia is still an american intelligence service . 
  the kgb does not exist in russia , but i guess it is a much more recognizable name than say the fsb, 
   atleast thats what we would get if we would try to stop putin as we did with hitler . 
  if you tried to stop putin like nazi germany got destroyed russia would absolutely fire off nuclear weaposn, 
  if we were to threaten the very existence of russia i 'd be pretty suprised if russia were n't to resort to nuclear weapons . 
  the issue is that a lot of europe is highly reliant on russia for energy ( and a lot of ee a lot more than germany ) . 
  also if you corner russia too much you risk that the russian government sees no way out other than trying for a full on war . 
  russia is also part of europe . 
  ukraine is also about as close to joining the eu as turkey ... 
  encryption is also widely used by french intelligence services or french banks or the french government ... 
  uhm aside from stupid ideologists people did n't claim that there wo n't be terrorists . 
  the point is rather that the vast vast majority are not terrorists and that isis has the means to get people to europe anyways . 
  i am also not seeing any of the dystopia and civil war on german streets ... 
  is n't the point that isis has the means to send people to europe regardless ? 
  and yes i also hope our intelligence services act before the terrorists do . 
  in absolute numbers it is one medal by the way . 
  yeah i think that 's what i mean . 
  religious groups just do n't really play a role in german elections anymore ( unless you count the controversy around islam , which happens here and there and is not really what i meant ), 
  i have n't said it is an important issue at all . 
  but it is something that comes up . 
  you heard about bernie sanders being jewish or how ted cruz seemed to reference god a lot . 
  in german elections religion is usually not a topic at all . 
  i do n't think it is the right move to ban burqas , but these are also not connected . 
  just following the us elections you see a lot more people caring about the faith of the candidates than here in germany . 
  and still the us seems a lot more hung up about religion than germany . 
  it 's also wrong . 
  it 's usualy two 45 minute lessons per week , but may vary by state ( i do n't think it is more than that anywhere though ), 
  it 's 2 45 minute lessons a week usually, 
   between religious nutter gulenists and even more religious nutter erdogan akp 's . 
  uhm i am pretty sure that out of the two g\u00fcle nis the more religious one . 
  erdogan strikes me more as a nationalist, 
  due process must be followed before a deportation . 
  and as of now the german bureocracy is still way overburdened, 
  then you 'll get problems with the whole `` human dignity '' thing specified in the eu charter of human rights . 
  you 'd also just get them sent back . 
  also if you say that greece is the culprit of the refugee crisis : what could greece have done to prevent this ? 
  greece literally was unable to handle the inflow, 
  well it led to the capital controls because the greek government stopped negotiating to do the referendum, 
  because it generates more clicks if you point out that they are germans, 
  so then why does the georgian government need peacekeeping operations involving foreign governments on its own territory ? 
  it does n't sound completely implausible at least . 
  it certainly could be false information or a false flag operation , but it could also be that ukraininan intelligence agencies might attack crimea . 
  this entirely depends on your perspecitve of the legal status of south ossetia and abkhazia, 
  hundreds of thousand ? 
  as far as i am aware russia did n't even field one hundred thousand soldiers in that war, 
  i wo n't watch pokemon in english . 
  firstly because that is a translation too and i just do not know how the pokemon are called in english !, 
  i mean we all speak english , do n't we ? 
  probably one effect of literally everything being available in german . 
  nothing forcing you to interact with english . 
  you can even go on vacation and get by with just german, 
   all films are synchronized in a very good quality i figured you were referring to this :d, 
  shouldnt german be a lot closer to swedish than spanish ? 
  these were all produced in german, 
  these were all produced in german, 
  you do completely see the inner german border though, 
  these are homegrown companies though and not lured in for the most part though . 
  well the asylum system currently fails impressively . 
  we need a different system and make asylum eu wide instead of individual countries solves a lot of problems in my oppinion, 
  there still exists the right to asylum in europe and i do n't think we can continue leaving every asylant to a few countries . 
  we certainly need a succession system to dublin, 
  if this leads to an increase in illegals then we have to crack down on that . 
  still we can not have a system where the weight of asylum is all placed on very few countries . 
  because the data you chose sets in after the major economic reforms in germany ... 
  so send them back to lithuania . 
  and do this long enough that everyone knows that it is pointless to try and run to a different country . 
   nothing is stopping each state from helping their neighbor out ... nothing but the demand for control over other states . 
  but it is and it usually is selfish national interest . 
  be it germany being opposed to fiscal transfers or poland opposed to taking in any number of refugees at all . 
  i guess we should also just stop sanctioning russia and crimea then for what happened ? 
  i mean they also just can annex crimea because they want so ? 
  and better business relations would benefit us anyways ... 
  so you think the eu should like colonize north africa ? 
  i mean sure we could force them with military might , but i do n't think we want to send the message that that is how we solve problems . 
   here 's the alternative : send the militaries of its member states to patrol its borders , then throw out anyone who does n't have an airtight case for eu asylum ( 90 % of the people you 'd detain , if not more ) . 
  i mean is n't that just the eu plan for hotspots worded differently ? 
  also 90 % is a number set way too high for people you can immediately dismiss . 
   the eu has been extremely incompetent in handling this crisis . 
  super late recognition of the problem , when do you think the eu recognized the problem ? 
  it certainly did it way before it was in the perception of the public . 
  the eu just does not have the power to create policies affecting this or to be more precise it does not have the power or willingness to enforce them . 
   `` the muslims '' do n't want to go to eastern europe , they want to go to germany . 
  redistributing them to ee means forcing those people to go to countries they do n't want to go . 
  and why should we give a fuck where they want to go ? 
  the message has to be that you can get asylum in europe if you qualify , but you do not get to chose where . 
   who the hell agrees to a re-distribution plan when the outer border is still leaking like crazy ? 
  because it is one of the key requirements for securing the outer border properly , it is a requirement for proper registration facilities . 
  why would greece for example want any part of such registration facilities if it ultimately meant that they were stuck alone with these people ? 
   merkel 's plan was to distribute the migrants , but she had no real plan for slowing the flow down that 's just wrong factually . 
  there were and still are the plans of increasing funding in syria and also the registration hotspots were planned who would in itself already serve to slow down and a more controlled environment . 
   it was only when austria and the balkans acted and closed the balkan route that the flow got severely restricted . 
  correct but let 's not forget that the balkans were rigourously against any agreement that would have left them with even a small amount of refugees . 
  and while the balkan states can prevent eu action , germany and the eu ca n't prevent their unilateral action . 
   german officials were pretty vocal in the press that they did n't like a group of country acting unilaterally , just a mere months after merkel basically ended the dublin treaty unilaterally . 
  firstly yes they were against nations acting unilaterally like this because it lets a united solution get more and more out of reach . 
  also this claim that germany unilaterally ended the dublin treaties is bullshit . 
  what germany did is stop carrying out deportations temporarily ( something that was already factually happening before the announcement ) , which is very much allowed under the dublin treaties . 
  if anyone broke the agreeement it were states like hungary or greece by uncontrollably letting people through north . 
  this system could not hold and because hungary and greece could not handle the burden germany allowed people to come here to alleviate the pressure on these states and buy time for a unified solution . 
   german officials were pretty vocal in the press that they did n't like a group of country acting unilaterally , just a mere months after merkel basically ended the dublin treaty unilaterally .
