  these are no the demographic this statstic should care about in my oppinion, 
  is this seriously counting housewifes as not in employment or education ? 
  because that is the only way that really makes sense to me looking at hte numbers of neet women rising as they grow older, 
  well that is the same in germany at least . 
  there is not really a labour shortage in germany though . 
  and even then getting people from ee is usually easier/cheaper . 
  then you of course have the issue that a lot of people want to stay in their home climate in their home country, 
  well the issue with most of this is language . 
  there are still loads of unfilled apprenticeship spots in germany , but you need to speak german to live and work in germany , just no way around it . 
  the difference between european countries and american states culturally is also largr i would say agriculture also is getting heavy subsidies . 
  one huge issue is that the money that could be used to finance these measures is where these measures are n't needed, 
  if anything if you count germany and austria as western you need to count poland and the czech republic as eastern . 
  no not really . 
  seat distribution is proportional . 
  districts are just there to ensure local representation . 
  the other 300 seats are then used to bring parliament into proportion . 
  this jeans seat share will just be a little over vote share for all parties in parliament because all parties with less than 5 % are eliminated, 
  every year around 5000 in germany still today, 
  they can do that now too though . 
  i guess we might differ in our views what constitutes a living wage . 
  also no being unemployed is not just your own fault , there are plenty of reasons to stumble into unemployment . 
  you do n't stumble into trying to be a music teacher though . 
  you could have learned a reasonable job . 
  and considering ukraine in the past has tapped these pipelines , we should also probably want new ones that wo n't have these issues ? 
  how is that impacting securite of ee eu members ? 
  it just makes it so in case of russia shutting out gas germany has the lever to funnel russian gas back into these states . 
  pipelines exist . 
  circumventing ukraine also absolutely increases the security of german gas supply . 
  how are music teachers needed ? 
  if they were the salary would be higher . 
  if you work freelance for a less than livable wage how is that not basically just your own fault ? 
  well proposals to set up such centers at the european borders were shut down by eastern european states in particular poland and hungary, 
  well maybe the issue is living in berlin and working jobs that do n't cover expenses ? 
  like even aldi is paying 12 $ an hour for just student jobs . 
  it is not exactly suprising that if you do n't pay in much into the pensions you do n't get out much . 
  we also do know that pensions will have to sink in general and contributions will go up . 
  realistically these people just will get social security then when they enter pension age , which will come out to much more than 351 $, 
  because it probably just was about kzs in poland ? 
  so i am living roughly on ghe limes . 
  is that western or eastern ? 
  well there are roughly equal number of men and women so the number there is roughly equal too probably . 
  right , but a good chunk of jobs that in other countries people with tertiary education are done by people with apprenticeships in germany ( and switzerland ) . 
  might be . 
  interestingly the share of females doing abitur ( and subsequently eligible for university ) is higher than the share of men doing the same in germany, 
  the thing is apprenticeships are not counted as tertiary education and at least unitl recently apprenticeships are by far the most common thing after school in germany . 
  i think part of the reasoning for this in germany isp robably that things like nursing , traditionally female dominated field , is not a college degree in germany . 
  well that already happened in the past . 
  poland has quite the experience in the matter in particullar, 
  is n't po traditionally the center right ? 
  at least they are for example also members of the evp in eu parliament . 
  and what pis is doing is generally regarded as far right ( as calling policies national socialist is not really a usable label for obvious reasons ), 
  the general cutoff point for pedophilia is 13 , though children in gneral enter puberty sooner these days . 
  you could easily consider a 17 year old a man . 
  interestingly they are both 7 years apart . 
  brigitte macron is 7 years younger than donald trump and emannuel macron is 7 years younger than melania trump . 
  the french were also really important for the us in the war of 1812 , even if only indirectly by binding massive amounts of english troops . 
  and what do you do when interest rates rise again and you then have to refinance these loans ? 
  or do we just not care what might be in 10 years ? 
  just that in the eyes of germans reforms probably means something different than for most frenchmen or italians, 
  merkel fought for a softer line on greece though and eventually succeeded , even though it damaged her position within the party, 
  germany has had conservatives in power for the vast majority of post war history . 
  if catalonia and spain amicably split i see no reason why an independent catalonia should hot be able to join the eu . 
  that is the big difference between scotland and catalonia . 
  well hamburg is next in line after bavaria and baden w\u00fcrttemberg ( which seems to be overlooked a lot internationally but is on a similar level as bavaria ) . 
  hamburg is just a lot smaller than what is essentially southern germany . 
  ha , burg is also a case of simply a city state, 
  it is the same way people call the netherlands holland, 
  you do know it was the same way in germany ? 
  i am sleeping in rooms that were used by the ameican military here up until 2008, 
  well forcing people against their will o be part of a foreign country while taling about self determination of the people also seems disingenuous . 
  you should not forget that the territories annexed were german speaking . 
  edit : i guess you also support war against russia over crimea ? 
  well the other parties were advocating full on cuts and the government is still a coalition so there had to compormise so they chose to break only the spirit and not the letter of the no debt cut rule, 
  well germany is doing that and on track to meet maastricht criteria in 2020 . 
  one of the reasons sch\u00e4uble is that popular is that he is advertising such policy, 
  the same applies to bailing out a country . 
  it definitely is the largest , but not the most historical , it was only founded in 1870 ( funnily 2 weeks after commerzbank was founded ) . 
  there are a good number of older banks in germany . 
  and of course the situation in 2008-2012 was worse for deutsche than now . 
  it was wose for everyone, 
  to think that there would not have been other coutnries that want this especially if you do it once is delusional . 
  and the ecb as much as i disagree with its policy is essentially served an imposible task . 
  the recent trouble of deutsche insofar have something to do as it is suffering from the ecb policy . 
  greek debt has beeen long out of the hand of private banks ... also deutsche bank is a big bank , burt just because it bears the name of my country does not make it associated with the state, 
  well let 's hope we get black-yellow in september ... we should not forget it was sch\u00e4uble who was in favour of having reece exit the euro and cut their debt , but not with the spd, 
  and then how do you justify not doing the same for italy or spain ? 
  deutsche bank has not collapsed though it hassuffered . 
  also no real point to just pick out one bank . 
  these banks also got a ton of criticism for the banking crisis , but the sovereign debt crisis was primarily that . 
  well because for one that makes imports really expensive and cuts greece off of the capital markets entirely . 
  debt also still is denominated in euro . 
  it was very clear that when the system was established that there would be no bailouts, 
   second and third are the french and german banks ( from your link ) . 
  they were the most exposed after greece . 
  so i ca n't see how my link was wrong ... because the exposure of german and french banks combined was merely a third of the exposre of greek banks . 
  your article makes it sound like it was french and german banks that held a majority of loans . 
   they can do whatever they want ... but when they gamble and lose they must pay the consequences too.not the european taxpayers.they wanted to loan $ 704 billion to the south because they were earning money from they high interests.ok.they took the risk ( an extremely irresponsible risk ) , it was obviously the wrong move.why exactly should the european taxpayers pay for the wrong decisions of the french and german bankers ? 
  if you want to blame anyone here blame the rating agencies because ultimately it is them who gave out infalted ratings ... also just because germany paid to greece through the eu does not make the money come from germany any less . 
  the posted link illustrates how the 80 billion from germany were split up across the rescue packages . 
  also there is no point in always picking at french and german bankers .
