  well i still remember the pictures of kos with the greek bureocracy hopelessly overburdened and people having to sleep on the streets . 
  you asked for simple solutions to keep people out . 
  those are simple solutions . 
  you can point guns to the outside just as much as to the inside, 
  you create a border fence and shoot people trying to cross outside of specific border points at sight . 
  look at the demarcation line between north and south korea or between west and east germany . 
  by not properly registering people before they left the country . 
  why do people here care so little about the geneva conventions ? 
  the only thing that this article says is that germany stopped deporting people under the dubin agreemen and while that is true that is not against the agreement . 
   before the german austerity economics of the last seven years , the refugees might have been able to make a living somewhere sunny . 
  not no more . 
  while that is correct that is correlation and not causation . 
  the syrial civil war did not start due to german fiscal policy . 
  see you can also see that the decline of pirates correlates with a rise in global warming . 
   the germans binned the dublin regulations . 
  that 's just not true . 
  if countries broke them it were hungary and greece . 
  the dublin agreement allows to create a new asylum procedure . 
   the germans said there was no upper limit . 
  that is literally the law . 
   the germans have feathered their own nest at europe 's expense . 
  because there were no refugees before august ? 
  so you say germany should have remained tough in august and basically force a humanitarian crisis to unfold in hungary/greece ? 
  you fucking started by calling the nazis far left so i assumed you were sarcastic so i reply with sarcasm, 
  yeah it absolutely was and those experienceces are also a good part of the reason why integration is such a hot topic here in germany . 
  i am really not sure if it will suceed but we have no choice but to try, 
   late 90 's and early ' 00s they were economically in a slump , and kept breaking rules they themselves insisted upon when the euro architecture was being laid . 
  then they reformed and became the export-oriented deficit-fearing country we know today and everyone here knows the history with the ` piigs ' and the euro crisis . 
  that 's a 180 if i ever saw one . 
  well that was basically when schr\u00f6der resigned and we had new elections and we elected the government under merkel . 
  big shifts in policy can happen when there is a big change in government ( at the time basically the opposition got elected into government )  another one was their tendency to please putin as much as possible when the ukraine crisis hit . 
  it took the downing of the malaysian plane and a lot of us pressure to take them down . 
  it was also obvious how much of a ` reluctant leader ' germany was . 
  but in that regard they are right to think that not one eu country can ` lead europe ' ( are you taking notes france and uk ? ), 
  the german government is valuing diplomatic solutions and also the german economy quite highly in my oppinion . 
  also there was never really a push to please putin . 
  germany took part in the sanctions . 
  one topic in germany at the time was also that it is not wise to corner russia , because they still have pretty big military might  the refugee crisis , that was also weird . 
  along with sweden germany ( and germans too ! ), 
  had these incredibly naive notions about the crisis . 
  the visegrad group likes to lump these sentiments in ` fucking weu ' but honestly i only saw this mostly with germans and swedes . 
  belgians , dutch and french were as sceptic as say poland but their mouths were n't foaming when talking about muslim immigrants . 
  anywho the fact that it took germans that long to look at the ` asylum crisis ' more as an ` immigration crisis ' is weird to many of us . 
  we now ` deport ' troublesome asylum seekers to . . germany ... and they are like `` ok , that 's cool '' . 
  the german government values those rules ... a lot . 
  and they really wanted to avoid a big humanitarian crisis in hungary or greece . 
  also what these countries did basically contradicted both the dublin agreements and the geneva convention . 
  human rights are absolutely paramount in perception in germany . 
  people value these very very high . 
  that would have been political suicide domestically at the time . 
  stalin also totally was a far left leader and trying to work for a democracy and fighting to get to classles society !, 
  merkel has also taken chargeof the refugee crisis . 
  even if you do n't like the path she leads germany down she is certainly ltaking leadership . 
  if there was a crisis forcing merkel to step down before 2017 i could see sch\u00e4uble becoming chancellor, 
  germany was founded in 1871 indeed at versailles . 
  if you wanted to have an earlier founding father charlemagne is usually referred to for germany . 
  that 's my country !, 
  yeah probably , i just realized it yesterday when i met some guy from new zealand that i have a pretty noticeable accent . 
  maybe it is because in general almost everything for french or german gets localized instead of us using english versions of stuff, 
  actually if you have 3 people that speak broad dialect in the same room there is a very good chance they wo n't understand each other . 
  my mom still tells the stories of being to the schw\u00e4bische alp ad just sitting there and smiling because she did n't understand a word, 
  to be fair in the last decades these dialects have been receding rather heavily . 
  today we speak high german almost everywhere . 
  actually i just looked up the list of polish prime ministers and it seems so crazy to me that the number of polish prime ministers since 1991 is almost double the number of german chancellors since 1949 ( 15 vs 8 ) . 
  merkels term so far seems so long in this context , but she is actually only the chancellor serving the third longest so far ( behind adenauer with 14 years and kohl with 16 years ), 
  if you sold of your possesions you could n't scramble a few thousand euro ? 
  if you really just needed that money to get to a better life ? 
  a 12b $ surplus is nowhere near a 10 % surplus . 
  the german federal budget is around 300b $ . 
  also money is cheap as fuck right now . 
  the ecb is still sporting extremely low interest rates . 
  debt was staggered with loan payments starting later and getting stretched . 
  that is reducing the debt , it is just not a nominal cut . 
  and the eurozone met the greek demands of having them remain in the ez and bailing them out with billions of euros ? 
  i think what sch\u00e4uble wants is for greece to leave the ez . 
  he has also said repeatedly that debt cuts would be a possibility if greece were to leave the ez . 
  hey !, 
  the political situation is very important for credit ratings . 
  is there a strong desire to vote in a new party in poland ? 
  it just kinda feels weird to me with how much consistency is valued here in germany . 
  the chancellor has always been either cdu or spd and those parties also have been the largest parties in every single bundestag since 1949 . 
  well even if you speak english very well you still use the native language in day to day live . 
  i personally find it really hard to get rid of an accent tho without getting to practice the language . 
  well the us made pretty damn sure that the german identity of people evaporated, 
  uhm hasnt the `` sch\u00e4uble camp '' agreed to a compromise ? 
  greece is still in the euro zone after all, 
  so can you point me to the literal invitation ? 
  hitler also later became a german cititzen, 
  so far there has n't been an english translation . 
  i do n't know if there will be . 
  you will surely be able to read english critics of the book tho !, 
  i am just so used to call them raf and in germany everyone knows who you mean if you talk about the raf . 
  also as for ww2 i think we know that not everything about the mass bombardement of germany was particularly fine , but well that was the war and its over . 
  i just hope we do n't get too many deaths going forward from old world war bombs . 
  to this day the estimates is that there are still 100k unexploded bombs in germany from the war . 
  overall 135k to 270k tons of unexploded bombs are estimated to have been thrown off over germany . 
  1.35 million tons of bombs was the total amount of bombs thrown . 
  honestly it is hard to imagine these numbers . 
  the entire population of germany does n't weigh 1.35 million tons today . 
  the annotations ?
