  politics in germany is generally not just black and white . 
  i believe she would prefer to have a eurozone with a greece with reforms , yes i really believe that . 
  it just makes more sense for her . 
  a grexit under her chancellorship would bring a really bad light on her and would diminish her chance in reelections . 
  i just do n't see the rationale for her wanting greece out of the ez . 
  i think the problem is rather that she does n't trust the greek government anymore that they will actually change . 
  i mean tsipras literally did a 180 just within last week . 
   this is what i meant , germany refused to admit that the new greek goverment was right about the fact that the previous bailouts were unsustainable , precisely to apease this type of voters , but like it happen in finland the lack of a decisive solution only made this voters group grow , it is debatable if it could not have worked out no matter what . 
  the only thing we know for sure is that it did not work out . 
  it is not missinformation it is another stance to say that the troika and the greeks possibly had a solution . 
  also i guess you do n't consume german news apart from what you see in the bild ( which is as i said utter trash ) . 
  if you watch the news from the publicly owned channels for example these are way more balanced and show that there is also support to keep greece . 
  it is just a bit of the german attitude maybe that if you take debt you have to pay back and we just ca n't stand it if people do n't do the reforms . 
  also our politicians tried over and over again to reach an agreement with athens but by now they already alienated the other countries even more . 
  it feels a bitlike you just can not help someone that does not want to change himself . 
  and the trust that greece will change is just not there anymore . 
  ok thanks for your answer . 
  i appreciate it and i totally get it . 
  i think merkel in gerneral would heavily prefer a compromise aswell . 
  you could say that they are prepared for a grexit aswell ( as probably everyone should be just in case ) . 
  this is not about the genral situation tho . 
  i wanted to facilitate discussion on a specific subtheme of the crisis . 
  this woud just get buried in the megathread and i think it interests the people on this sub . 
  if people do n't like it they will downvote it . 
  no matter what i would love to get an oppinion why you think it is not worth an extra thread ( as i figured you unlisted this ) . 
  i personally would like him to not retire because i think he does solid work , but of course thats an oppinion many might disagree on . 
  it also depends all on the person and i do n't know mr sch\u00e4uble personally . 
  my granndad for example tho is 75 and still working as a painter ( a maler , the guy that paints houses not the guy that paints pictures ) albeit a lot less these days but he does it because it is fun to him and painting is a lot more physically challenging than being a politician . 
  there are guys that are just wrecks at 73 , but there are others that can still very well work if they want to . 
  i think mostly it comes down to what mr. sch\u00e4uble wants, 
  oh i am sure merkel tried to avoid being in a corner and actually i am certain she is not . 
  the stance from germany ( and also a lot of other states ) is that they simply do n't trust the greek government anymore . 
  this is not about the common good , i am certain if our government trusted the greek government they would do anything to come to an agreement ( like it happend in the past ) . 
  if merkel felt like a deal was the best way than that is where we are heading . 
  i personally liked what she was shown to say in the news : `` the advantages have to outweigh the disadvantages both for greece and the rest of the ez '' . 
  merkel is not someone that is openly being in a fierce stance , the german government in general is not and if they would decide to go into new negotiations they would also get a majority in the parliament for that . 
  merkel only very gradually backed away from a deal being the only solution to a more open stance by now . 
  this is also not really about inner politics so much . 
  the oppinion of the german population is fairly clear ( and propagated by disgusting papers such as the bild ) . 
  the major issue for me and i think also for our politicians is that their is simply no trust left that the greeks can effectively reform . 
  i am fairly certain that both sch\u00e4uble and merkel think that this might not work out and i am certain that there are plans for both negotiations failing and negotiations happening . 
  i personally trust that our politicians navigate through this . 
  i think mrs merkel and mr sch\u00e4uble both are pretty reasonable and experienced politicians . 
  i honestly would be not so s ure if he plans to retire soon . 
  i mean he is old but he looks like the kind of guy that will do politics until he litterally can not do it anymore . 
   nationalist populist politician sorry i do n't think this title is up for debate in germany . 
  hitler just wins in a landslide, 
   when we talk about reforms , we should talk about cartels , about rich greeks who hardly pay any taxes . 
  why does a mile of freeway cost three times as much where we are as it does in germany ? 
  because we 're dealing with a system of cronyism and corruption . 
  that 's what we have to tackle . 
  but , instead , we 're debating pharmacy opening times well syriza is in power now . 
  they could have changed stuff , but they did not, 
  and why would he want that ? 
  how would that advance him ? 
  that would only deestroy his big project of a balanced german budget, 
  i just want to say thank you for tagging nsfl, 
  only if they invoke this rule . 
  and i hihgly doubt they would want to divide europe even more, 
  yep seems like the party is falling apart . 
  it is probably for the best, 
  so germany , italy and france could veto it ? 
  i also do n't think that they want to divide europe even more tho and what are even the criteria for this rule to apply ? 
  well but not differenciating with stuff like this is what leads to a lot of the hate, 
  but they are very careful to not advertise themselves as a rightwing party because they do n't want to be labeled as nazis, 
  yes and many others ( including me ) do n't either . 
  this is a big part why it looks like negotiations are failing, 
  it is harder to touch powerful people than the common man sadly, 
  i think this also kinda depends on who you ask . 
  for example in germany there are no right wing parties . 
  essentialy being labeled right-wing really gets you strong ties to the nazis . 
  same goes for nationalism and arguing with national pride . 
  germany surely is a fairly special case regarding this tho . 
  also i should probably mention that there is the npd , but they are a very fringe party , but generally they are just a small party that is not really seen as politically relevant ( at least not for the genearl parliaments ), 
  well that is what was made allt he time the problem is the greek government just did n't do it . 
  this is part of the reason why there is no more trust which makes negotiations really hard, 
  by the current greek government . 
  not by the greeks . 
  that is an important difference . 
  this is something i fully agree on , but i feel no good considering how long this has not been tackled, 
  generally they do n't seem to be preparing multiple scenarios . 
  i mean he seems fairly caught up now that he realized that the referendum simply didnt have a positive effect for negotiations, 
  well maybe not 20 years but i do n't see him resigning to be honest . 
  he seems like a kind of guy to do politics till he just can not anymore due to health for example . 
  i mean therre would have been no point in rehabilitating himself otherwise, 
  but that merkel is usually not presenting an extremely opinionated oppinion is also really characteristic for her . 
  and pushing for greece to stay in the eurozone generally seems like the safest course of action . 
  if greece stays in then thats great you got your position . 
  if they do n't well you were sceptic while still trying your best . 
  it politically seems like a great position to be in . 
  it is also really not easy to recover politically from the donation affair and getting shot, 
  the imf saying that the troika used faulty assumptions does not imply that the greek government did n't also play a part in this tho . 
  the imf even said the greece government failed to properly implement the reforms that were bound to these austerity measures . 
  you can definitely debate what was more important and pretty surely both played a part but blaming it just on the troika is as wrong as blaming it just on the greeks, 
  you do n't have to necessarily increase taxes or lower spending to reach a balanced budget tho if your income is rising . 
  you just have to stop massively increasing spending . 
  i think it is right to just not immediatelyuse more money when times are good because if you spend more money than you have no matter if times are good or bad when are you ever paying back ? 
  interestingly hartz-iv one of those policies you described as right wing was passed at a time the spd was in power in germany . 
  i also do n't see any rhetorics against the welfare state in the cdu . 
  i am really certain that they do n't want to necessarily cut there in fact i feel like this is a topic that has been hot 10 years ago but not so much anymore .
