  yeah but they doubt they would give it up just because germany does n't want to pay some money to the us for them to operate bases here . 
   the only , , controversial topic , , here is that some countries of eu were forced to sanctions against russia despite their wishes and germany was part of these countries . 
  also the energy market was n't part of these sanctions anyways . 
  these sanctiosn were certainly not made to please the germans , so i do n't see how there is a double standard . 
   i am not quoting him directly , rather it 's a hyperbole of a common sentiment of blame-shifting , which was started back in the 50s by adenauer 's secret services . 
  care to expand on this one ? 
  also i could certainly see polish-german relations being sour in the 50s . 
  after all germany had occupied poland and executed millions of poles and then poland annexed vast parts of german territory and expulsed millions of germans from the newly gained territory . 
   poles were more interested in killing jews , than fighting the germans that does n't even make sense . 
  it is also a fact that a lot more jews got killed in poland than germans got killed in poland . 
  it 's like saying there are more unemployed in germany than in greece , that is a fact . 
  it has obviously to do with the interests of our countries but still it is a pipeline built and operated by a private company . 
  as for current transit countries i can see being annoyed after all these countries lose money if gas is transported another way , at least that is how i see it . 
  i can see that it is annyoing to lose money , but that 's just like it sometimes is . 
  as for security it seems sensible to become independent of transit countries especially a country like ukraine that is currently in a frozen conflict with russia . 
  also why should the countries you mentioned have a say in how germany gets its gas ? 
  the thing is the infrastructure just already exists in germany . 
  why build up new bases when you already have functioning ones in decent position . 
  also for german defense deterrent we have the nuclear deterrent and any non-nuclear attack will most likely not reach germany at least not without military answers in place , as you said there is a buffer zone , but even then the threat of germany being attacked militarily seems absolutely minimal and i think any attack against germany would be carried out with nuclear weapons anyways, 
   very interesting for me is german position here . 
  they clearly would do anything to have alternatives to russia - also us influence is enormous there , but they chose national interests over eu with proposed nord stream 2 - which i think will be completed - and germany will become even more important energy player in europe . 
  the main difference is that here in germany nord stream ii is primarily seen as a business operation and nothing that is primarily political . 
  it is really not a topic in german politics these days . 
  this seems very important to stress considering how much it seems to be seen as a political project primarily . 
  it is also true that the biggest chunk of german gas imports is coming from russia ( around 31 % ) , with norway and the netherlands coming in second and third . 
  norway and netherland combined on the other hand provide significantly more gas than russia to germany ( roughly 1.5 times what is imported from russia ) . 
  i am saying that if a potential president trump , were to say that germany should be paying for american bases on its soil and the german government were to refuse , the americans still would n't give up on ramstein . 
  well the holocaust was done in a somewhat orderly fashion and executed against white males aswell ... 
  no , but it is just part of a speech that you hold on the topic, 
  that realls is not what he said . 
  also are there reliable numbers on the number of jews killed by poles and the number of germans killed by poles ? 
  i get the feeling you are trying to intentionally misunderstand what the guy said . 
  the poles also had the most jewish families out of all nations, 
  who is saying anything about responsibility ? 
  this is about what happened . 
  i do n't think anybody is seriously debating germany 's fault of the execution of polish jews . 
  not it just says poles killed jews , nothing about responsibility . 
  we all know that germany was responsible for that . 
  also individual polish persons are poles right ? 
  and in the german states with the lowest part of foreigners the opposition to them is the strongest, 
  it is less than 95 % ( somewhere between 85 and 90 % ) but most of these were born during the nazi regime or the war , so they do n't really remember that time because they were too small, 
  i think a lot of people in this sub want to abolish this principle, 
  how would you want to practically decouple switzerland from europe ? 
  switzerland is a fairly small state in the very middle of europe . 
  juncker is not german, 
  no , but it is the biggest us base overseas . 
  the us withdrew the vast majority of its troops from germany since the cold war ended . 
  i somehow doubt the us would give up on ramstein if germany just said we do n't pay for it, 
  and is that ever enforced ? 
  and still they are still nowhere near where they were before the collapse of the su, 
  i still do n't get what is so best about the plan to : regain control about the outer borders of the schengen area get into talks with turkey , the maghreb and who else is necessary to get agreements to send people back . 
  set up hotspots to register people and decide if they can get asylum in europe distribute them across the eu based on a quota . 
  there are no international waters between turkey and greece ... 
  germany is part of the eu because the eu came out of the eec where germany was a founding member together with france , the benelux and italy . 
  the population of the gdr in 1989 was around 16 million which is approximately the population of the former states and berlin including west berlin today . 
  that idea seems so weird to me . 
  buying a used car from a private person is usually always done in cash , also so that you ca n't rip one another off . 
  you hand over money and you get the keys for the car . 
  also how would someone know that you are carrying a larger number of cash on you to rob you ? 
  also in general the likelyhood of being straight up robbed seems very low at least here in germany . 
  city states are cheating in gdp per capita :d, 
  to be fair the old gdr is also a lot less densely populated . 
  nrw alone has more population than the five eastern states and berlin combined . 
  how do you pay larger sums in cash then ? 
  for example i paid 2k for a used car that would be an awful lot of notes if the biggest note was 50s, 
  there is this sense of privacy you are lacking tho . 
  for example buying used cars here is basically always done cash and there having 500 $ bills comes in quite handy . 
  yeah i can see that . 
  bavaria for example feels closer to austria than to northern germany . 
  if you go to these subsets then i agree with your analysis , it is just that 150 years in the same state molded the states of germany somewhat together, 
  when i bought my last car . 
  it is not an item you use everyday but something that is still used, 
  the thing is a lot of them were n't minorities but cities that were almost purely inhabitated by germans were cleansed of germans . 
  if you want to look at a map roughly along ethnic lines a map after ww1 probably captures that better, 
  would n't you think of us germans as the same ethnic group ? 
  they are seen as americans . 
  they are not really german anymore anyways . 
  a lot oft the culture got renounced during the world wars, 
  avoidinng a humanitarian crisis within europe would be my guess . 
  i dont think greece could cope with hundred thousand refugees coming there . 
  friendly with the austrians . 
  the allies took care of the german minorities in other states mostly, 
  but then i certainly could understand poles feeling threatened when a politician like this were to be in contention for chancellor, 
  to be fair from a german view us politics comes off as very far right and if a german politician used rhetorics similar to a lot of the republicans he would have endless hiter carricatures . 
  they are also my favourite nation footballwise after germany still there is friendly rivalry going on these days, 
  nah the netherlands will stay our rival even if they have a bad patch now, 
  historically definitely france . 
  currently ? 
  i do n't actually know , i do n't feel we have any really bad enemies or rivals at this point . 
  if you wanted yo ucould name russia surely , but that applies for basically all of the west, 
  to be fair almost all the rest of the ez was backing germany and a lot were demanding even harsher deals . 
  if merkel were to leave sch\u00f6uble is the likeliest candidate to replace her, 
  austria clearly . 
  there were also agreements with spain , portugal , greece , morroco , tunisia , jugoslavia and south korea . 
  turks just were the most . 
  originally these were also intended to be temporary but most people stayed ( i do n't know the exact details ), 
  for germany one big reason that there are lots of turks here are that there simply was a worker shortage in the 60s and 70s so turks came here to work and they stayed . 
  if we enforce the dublin rules that means we deport everyone to the first country they entered the eu through which in most cases is greece . 
  now if we deported 500k refugees for example back to greece , greece would be royally fucked, 
   and a morrocan ?
