  a good chunk of its members tries to actively undermine it though . 
  i am fairly certain their capabilities go well beyond just the theoretical knowledge to build a bomb . 
  i am not . 
  that does not change that they do have the capability to build nuclear weaposn themselves . 
  no people in general do n't care a lot . 
  it is one of those issues a strong majority is in favour off , but a good number of those in power are against and it is not something people care enough to make those in power care . 
   anyway , big questions like brexit are not great for referendums , but i think legalizing marajauna is appropriate for one . 
  then you get he issue is what is a small decision . 
  i am pretty sure the japanese can do that if they so want . 
  trump has made sufficiently clear that he does not believe in nato and when the leader of the most important alliance in a country puts doubts behind them actually honouring it it renders the whole alliance moot . 
  also there is no agreed % of gdp spending in nato . 
  this is a mere suggestion . 
  trump can seriously go fuck himself if he wants germany to pay for military bases in germany built on seized territory . 
  we can not let trump extort us . 
  if trump wants to isolate himself we will have to look for different partners and accept a changing world . 
  germany would have also have gay marriage if enough people cared enough about it . 
  we could also have stupid motions like brexit then by the way, 
  that there were so many other events on that date apart from the fall of the wall is also the reason why oct 3rd is the national holiday and not nov 9th . 
  of course that might happen . 
  we might also see a scneario where there is on the one side the us starting a trade war with europe and on the other side turkey and russia launching invasions into europe . 
  i am just hoping trump does n't get to enact a lot of what he said in campaigning . 
  tonight i am glad i am in germany , which seems like onf the few countries that actually manages to elect sane politicians . 
  classes are highly overrated anyways, 
  i mean finland could join nato, 
  honestly , i do n't like putin , but he at least always seemed very intelligent , something i could n't say of trump . 
  i can just imagine putin completely outmaneuvering trump . 
  i have n't and i am fucking glad that we do n't have referendums here in germany . 
  there have been a lot of examples recently why those suck . 
  also at least for my country i at least feel that a good chunk of the government is quite technocratic, 
  i hope this does n't lead to war in europe and i also hope we can avoid a major trade war . 
  i am also just very worried because i can honestly not see trump being a match for putin . 
  let 's hope trump listens to advisors , but he strikes me as the kind of person who would n't ... 
  or we just go with solid center parties ? 
  i would much rather see people like juppe or merkel lead europe than any sort of extremists . 
  merkel wo n't get an absolute majority . 
  what we will see is the german government reelected and a continuation of current policies , a policy of a closer europe one that i think we desperately need . 
  let 's hope we can build a stronger europe together . 
  trump is nowhere near a match for putin though . 
  well alcohol might be cheap , but salaries are also way lower than in we . 
  i also do n't really see why defence spending matters here . 
  if trump starts a trade war that will be ruinous, 
  why estonia and not some place in western europe ? 
  just curious , i do n't really see the upside of going to estonia instead of the netherlands or germany . 
  a security crisis and possibly an economic crisis and a trade war . 
  it really depends with how much of his demands he follows through . 
  trump already threatened a trade war aswell as effectively leaving nato . 
  at this point i do n't think the us under trump will be a reliable partner . 
  he already undermined nato . 
  he already questioned if the us were to react in case of an attack . 
  an america under trump is not a reliable partner for europe in my oppinion . 
  this is potentially going to be really rough for europe, 
  seems like florida is trumps now . 
  i would not call trump winning at the moment . 
  i would not call clinton winning either though ... 
  i 'd be willing to call trump winning florida though . 
  if that 's what you want to do just shoot them . 
  that is way less expensive, 
  it is a noise barrier . 
  sure it is not nice to have to built this but there were neighbors that sued and this is the solution . 
  not more not less . 
  you can also just walk aroudn that wall ... 
  uhm basf history does not start in 1945 . 
  you could say it started in 1865 or 1952 when ig farben was dissolved and split into a number of companies including bayer and basf as the largest companies nowadays, 
  slovenia has one distinct disadvantage over austria though . 
  austria is german speaking ( and austria is also closer ), 
  what do you mean by incidents like those ? 
  you can pretty much report on any incidents an post photos . 
  the censorship of facebook seems ridiculous to me , censoring that photo just seemed so outlandish to most germans . 
  also things like facebook not deleting open calls for violence against groups , but very swiftly deleting pictures if there is a nipple , for which no one cares here . 
  because it is simpler to word it this way and mandatory military service when you become 18 has ben suspended, 
  germanys economy is in excellent shape ... 
   should happen through the union and you absolutely should put strings on the money used to fix up the fuck ups . 
  but those strings should n't have been designed to strangle the life out of the shithead . 
  because that means you 'll never see any of your money again and you 'll have created a permanent fuck up that you 'll be paying for in perpetuity . 
  now the issue is that people disagree what these strings should be . 
  case in point : a lot of people in germany thought that we should just have not poured any more money into greece or that we should have demanded even harsher concessions . 
  you just ca n't have growth that is only financed by foreign money . 
   which was moronic . 
  since due to being in a union you 're going to end up covering for all the fuck ups no matter what happens . 
  would 've been better to admit that from the beginning and create the proper procedures for it . 
  no it was not . 
  i do not want a system where my country is responsible for debt it has no say in when they are created . 
  how would you feel if the us somehow was responsible for the federal debt of mexico and mexico knew that if it went too bad the us would cover anyways ? 
  what do you think would happen ? 
   then kick them out and suffer the consequences . 
  even that would 've been better than the moronic bullshit you pulled . 
  that was the preferred solution fora good chunk of people . 
   the problem is you let them in and tied yourself to them and tried to pretend as if that does n't really mean anything . 
  then reality caught up . 
  the problem was that countries like greece got in on fake numbers and then shamelessly exploited cheaper bond rates while not tackling tax evasion and corruption and then expected people to bail them out when the fuck up collapsed on them . 
  the german economy did not collapse , we bailed our banks out sure , but the economy did fine , unemployment did not skyrocket . 
  so if i raise my children in denmark , have them speak danish , go to school and university in denmark , would you not consider that person danish at that point ? 
  a person that literally spend their entire life there ? 
  or do you think one needs danish blood to be danish ? 
   yeah but i 'd also want to democratize the european institutions like enabling euparl function like a normal parliament ( the power to legislate ) or the true implementation of charter of fundamental rights . 
  i 'd be all for that . 
  i want each vote to count equally then too though when voting for the parliament . 
  that said that is still quite toothless considering there are only certain areas where the eu has a mandate . 
   because the the americans knew how to prevent another crisis like throwing a stimulus to the economy or assisting its banks . 
  more because the us government financials were n't in such a disastrous state .
