  the thing is that we can not build processing facilities without a plan of what to do with approved refugees or more likely those with high likelyhood of approval . 
  germany did not bring chaos into this . 
  if anything it was chaotic because europe was wholly unpreprared because countries like greece and hungary just let people travel on and then turned on germany when germany went to alleviate the burden on hungary, 
  what kind of system to deal wiht genuine refugees would you propose then ? 
  that is why you also need a good eu wide database to prevent this country hopping . 
  you do know it was hungary that forced germany to open its borders like it did ? 
  that is why there is that `` sadly you need cooperation for that '' in part, 
  that is cqmpaigning, 
  and that amounts to debt relief ... 
  this entire system wo n't work without quotas i think . 
  i definitely have not seen another convincing proposal, 
  the eu is divided and to reduce that division we add more division ? 
  my doubt is based on the situation in eritrea and me not knowing you . 
  i can see that that might happen and as i said these people should have their status voided and should be barred from entering schengen again for a period of time . 
  that said i think that the vast majority of people fleeing eritrea are legitimate refugees . 
  a lot of them absolutely were ethnic germans . 
  germans that had lived in territories as german as saxony or mecklenburg . 
  at least is you define someone as german who is ethnically german and lived in germany for his life . 
  it is . 
  if those people go to their homecountries for holidays ( which i somewhat doubt for eritrea ) their status should be voided . 
  we really should n't have any new members for a while ... 
  yeah because syrians will usually come through greece and not through italy considering geography ... eritrea is also one of the most gruesome dictatorships in the world . 
  yes , but it can only act if the countries cooperate . 
  and on the issue of refugees a good chunk of countries have flat out refused to cooperate in any way to instate a new common asylum system . 
  the territories these people fled from where todays poland , czechia and other eastern states . 
  and east and west germany were both hit by this to an extreme extent . 
  of course . 
  i just think that is excusable simply due to him being subject to immense propaganda his entire life . 
  see we might not have ended up in the waffen ss , but i could really see how a young man could have thought that hitler being the best thing that has happened to germany . 
  and he also did change his life after the war, 
  and i can see that model working well - for canada . 
  see you pretty much can not get from syria to canada without a plane , but people can cross into europe without any high tech means . 
  surely funding camps in neighboring countries is very important , but it does n't reallly solve the problem for europe . 
  we have no internal borders and our shared asylum system fully collapsed . 
  we will sooner rather than later a replacement system for the dublin agreement , because even if we fund camps people will still come . 
  and without a common asylum system in place we can not create a system to check people coming in because we will not be able to enact effective controls if that just means that the whole burden is shouldered by the border states . 
  i also do think that germany is doing a lot regarding taking in refugees and has been doing amongst the most the years leading up to the crisis ( in 2012 there were already 65000 requests for asylum in germany ) , but i guess your call for more humane treatment is also not primarily directed at germany ... 
  and he was 8 when hitler came to power . 
  does it really suprise you that a person indoctrinated from such a young age could easily be a devout nazi when captured ? 
  honestly if i were that indoctrinated , i doubt i wouldnt have been a nazi myself . 
  do you think you wouldnt be ? 
  you could also argue that that was because there was vastly less interaction with different tribes at the time considering how few humans there were, 
  i think there is a mismatch between the skillset necessary to win an election and that to lead a country . 
  for one you need charisma and trump definitely is more charismatic than clinton, 
  we really need eu wide databases so people cant just jump countries like that . 
  sadly you jeed cooperation for that, 
  then trump should create clear facts . 
  if he wants to leave nato and ally with russia he can do that but that will not make him popular in europe . 
  what we can not accept is this constantly being unclear and unreliable . 
  trump has said lots of things , but what we need is clear policy . 
  can you for example explain what in detail his geostrategic vision for ee and syria are ? 
  sorry , but clinton definitely was more aualified . 
  she had a ton more relevant experience, 
  i do not think the french would leave germany alone in a case of an invasion simply because they know that if germany should fall france is next in line almost definitely . 
   most hilarious thing is how you were n't able to persuade ee countries to form ( once again ) the buffer zone with all the nato or eu army troops on their own soil . 
  was it not ee states begging to have nato troops stationed i their countries and not the other way around ? 
  the soviet union collapsed internally . 
  it was hardly put in place by the west and we can count us really lucky that the collapse of the su went as peacefully as it did . 
  that could have gotten a lot more violent . 
  the danger is also that you ca n't act too hostile towards russia without risking war and i do n't think the west wants to fight a war against russia . 
  but to be honest i am not quite sure what the right level of measures are here . 
  but i trust my government to take reasonable steps . 
  and the mighty slovakian army will come and save the day ? 
  do you think slovakia is any better off than western europe in this ? 
  i would even tend to think slovakia is more at risk than say germany or france . 
  dude i can get behind that . 
  yeah those are roughly the pre ww1 borders which is where central europe even comes from . 
  i think you can make a solid argument for central europe pretty much ceasing to exist after ww2 entirely though . 
  possibly even after ww1, 
  also always funny when these people then do not count austria or germany into that region . 
  these are the traditional central europe, 
   i disagree with posting german language articles without proper translation , because it 's impossible to address the individual points without it . 
  i can agree to that . 
  sadly as of this moment i do n't have the time to provide a full translation of the article  the second part is the political motivation behind this alternative to debt calculation and how it is tied to extreme opposites , like the article from spiegel suggesting ( from what i gathered ) that the greeks do it to distract from their bad governance , and other articles that suggest it 's actually the germans who do it for some other reasons ( like controlling the south with high nominal debts , or other reasons that they came up with ) . 
  i guess i tend to agree with the views in the article more her simply because germany controlling the south does n't make a whole lot of sense overall to me . 
  why would germany want that control ? 
  it would be a lot easier if we just would n't have to deal with the debt crisis . 
   so it 's very hard to have an objective approach to this matter when there are so many conflicting interests . 
  what i say is , stick to the international standards , that 's what we do . 
  has any other european country adopted this new method ? 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  have our creditors , including the eurozone and the imf demanded that we do so ? 
  i think one issue is that there is no general internation standard for accounting ( and i think it would be good to have one at least ez wide ) . 
  i am also not saying that greece has any obligation to adopt such a system , but having matching accounting systems would make it easier to compare . 
  germany does not have it implemented either . 
   if you are a german citizen , you are represented by the german government , not the greek government . 
  vote accordingly . 
  oh i absolutely will vote !, 
  you should too !, 
  they do n't have terribly much in common with germany , austria or the benelux either . 
   the fact that poland is the biggest country in its region this is one thing i do n't understand . 
  polish seem so often insisting that they are part of central europe which would make this statement false ( germany is the largest economy in central europe ) , but rather compare themselves to eastern europe , but not to russia , which would be the biggest economy in eastern europe, 
  the article literally has that right there that he is the largest private stakeholder of greek debt . 
  and can you detail what arguments of his mentioned in the article do n't make sense . 
  interest rates for greece are low and there have been enacted grace periods where greece does not have to pay back debt . 
  or do you disagree that effectively this reduces debt ? 
  do you disagree that a lack of professionalism and incapable leadership is a problem in greece ? 
  well i think we can agree on that crimea ethnically is russian . 
  crimea has a largely ethnically russian population , almost as large as the majority of estonians in estonia . 
  it certainly does n't seem terribly unlikely that an area that is inhabitated by ethnic russians would want to be part of russia and not of ukraine .
