  it will be the founding 6 together . 
  poland is also on a pretty anti german course currently . 
  he is the prime minister one of the most important `` second row '' european countries . 
  i think one big reason why you do not see or hear much of him is because the netherlands usually stand behind germany . 
  or the german economy which comparably has been doing very well ? 
  it is not like the german government by decree can just increase wages ... 
  we could also see the pound continueing to tumble and only stabilizing at a significantly lower rate than even now after brexit actually happens . 
  and where do we get representation over what actually happens with the transferred money ? 
  the thing is people might have different ideas of what consists of fair representation . 
  you simply have entities of 80 million and of 400k people . 
  i also have seen it . 
  in fact i live in a country that was unified under french threat and the experience of the napoleonic wars . 
  what do you mean by `` open the discussion '' ? 
  what should or can the eu do in your oppinion ? 
  i think you need some sort of cataclysmic event . 
  that could be russia attacking , but it could also be some other crisis . 
  usually an exterior threat works to unify ( see germany or the cold war for example ) , but i do not think you would need a military threat . 
   remain campaign suggested tax rises , more austerity and called the leave campaign racist . 
  are n't these things all happening already ? 
  the point is rather that this has no impact on the accession bids for serbia and other countries and to be honest , why should brexit have an effect on that ? 
  a fiscal union requiress a political union though . 
  all this taxation without representation thing . 
  one of the issues is that it is not the same situation everywhere across the eurozone . 
  germany is recording record low unemployment . 
  how is this related to how merkel used the dublin rules ? 
  would n't this be more alike to what hungary , greece or italy do ( though germany also let people just pass through up north ), 
  deutschland and danmark . 
  if you use passive constructions you get more out of german aswell, 
  sch\u00e4uble got in trouble because he was one of the people that accepted a donation of 100k dmark that was subsequently not properly declared as a donation , so the party did not have to declare where they got it from . 
  really read up on that first . 
  sch\u00e4uble really did not play a huge role in that scheme , he mostly was one of the most prominent figures in the cdu at that time . 
  he was the one that had to take the blame , if you wanted the real culprit that would probably be kohl . 
  as for why people like him : he is representing the conservative wing of the cdu , he is seen as an independent voice in the party . 
  he is also advocating financial policy that many in this country agree with . 
  i am sorry i am not a native speaker . 
  i am also not arguing against imprisoning terrorists , but even terrorists have the right to a fair trial and a right to not be harmed bodily . 
  also this can very much be associated with the persecution of innocent people under dictatorships . 
  you deem them a threat , you deem them terrorists . 
  being a terrorist is just a word and one that you can twist easily in its meaning . 
  no , i do n't think we will see any county leave the eu before people can properly gauge the effects of brexit . 
  that said that if one leaves that could possibly lead to the eu unravelling . 
  i think one of the critical points are going to be the french presidential elections . 
  yeah i guess so . 
  she is actually still reasonably popular in germany , those that are against her are very outspoken though . 
  personally i do n't agree with everything she did and how things were handled . 
  i think that abandoning nuclear power was not a good idea ( though i see the political necessity at the time ) and also that she did not act sooner during the refugee crisis , but still i think that on a fundamental level that you have to stick to these values . 
  this is the kind of argumentation one would use to justify barbary . 
  these were the kind of arguments used against communists and against jews ... 
  the thing is that this is a very slippery slope . 
  i also do not think that the idea of universal human rights is outdated . 
  in fact i think it is one of the grandest concepts of the 20th century . 
  i think merkel is one of the best leaders in europe and that she has been doing reasonably well for germany . 
  the country is flourishing under her chancellorship . 
  in general i am pretty found of her usually fairly pragmatic policy . 
  as for the eu i think it is a great project for peace and for a closer europe . 
  that said i feel like the union got expanded to fast and for the wrong reasons . 
  i also think that too many members are in mostly just for the money . 
  for example if poland was not receiving as much money i am sure that pis would be rabidly against the eu . 
  and who decides who are criminals and terrorists ? 
  terrorist especially is a very vague term . 
  are n't we having a problem with the harsh anti-terror legislations in turkey and russia ? 
  see a part of me also would like to have the man shot , but that is not how our legal system works and that is not how human rights work . 
  i also can not read the sources of the op , but i would doubt that austria would let such a man run free . 
  well human rights apply to everybody, 
   governments ( and coalitions ) are not directly elected yes , that is the gist of representative democrycy and we do directly elect the parties and such the coalitions . 
  the eu is not using fptp, 
  buffon was absolutely great aswell though, 
  how was that a bullshit call to give that penalty ? 
  how the fuck was the position of boatengs in any way natural ? 
  then merkel was also never elected to her position as chancellor by popular vote ? 
  no , he agreed in large parts with germany thus he is a german puppet, 
  i know , i just wanted to point out that any democratic decision is good or legitimate . 
  that only lead to a war with more than fifty million dead and one of the oargest genocides in world history ... 
  honestly it is just unbelievable that one of the big western countries could have a government that is so utterly incapable . 
  i do n't think we have seen such a major screw up in a long time . 
  but it should n't have mattered if they expected leaving . 
  it was a real possibility . 
  the polls showed close results . 
  did the uk government really manage to not have a plan they could whip out ? 
  do you think democracy should be able to abolish itself ? 
  then if enough of the population want to remove all muslims from their country , do we let democracy do that too ? 
  what if a democracy democratically decides that democracy should be abolished and we should all gather under one strong leader ? 
  what if a populace were to be instigated into deciding that the country should declare war on another country to expand its territory ? 
  yeah that has been the gist of it for quite a while , just that the uk has been the one delaying the process and a lot of what is demanded by the leave campaign can simply not be part of a fair exit deal . 
  if my name was written as it is pronounced yes it would be wertikal, 
  funnily in german the sound that is the v in english is the w in german . 
  so we should be thankful that after our country was bombed out the required rebuilding caused sharp economic growth ? 
   but who doesnt like prussia ? 
  aside from freaks and goons nobody . 
  ask the poles how they like the prussians . 
  they are also not well liked in austria and bavaria for example . 
  i know , but i think the eu will need a clear statement soon if that is the course the uk wants to go and i do n't think the way the uk is going there wo n't be such a quick statement saying that the referendum will be ignored, 
  to , late for that, 
  can someone explain to me how the state is supposed to get rid of the trade surplus ? 
  it is not like our currency adjusts to it for example, 
  absolutely . 
  it also is on my list of most important events regarding our country . 
  though for germany i think ww1 was less important than for austria . 
  the whole band is named after an american base . 
   prussia kicked us out of germany forever .
