  i personally rather feel mr. sch\u00e4uble believes that there should be a balanced budget and i am inclined to agree personally . 
  germany already has a really high debt and if you do n't want to save to pay back some debt when the times are good and you obviously have to spend in bad times ( i do n't think anybody doubts that ) when are you ever gon na try to pay back debt ? 
  but we are not living in an ideal world and a lot of people use them that way . 
  i know that they should not be used that way , but that does not change the reality that they are used that way . 
   a lot of this could be prevented if the greek gov ' t would start enforcing its tax laws : i think the % of greeks who actually pay income tax is ~ 55 % this is i think a way bigger problem . 
  i think austerity measures could work , but the problems is that the reforms in greece are just tackled very poorly and like this the austerity policies will just lead to bad results . 
  yeah he is fairly well known by now , but the fact that he sits in a wheelchair is probably more relevant to german innerpolitics or even more to politics inside the cdu than to the current european politics . 
  i highly doubt his stance on greece for example has anything to do with him being in a wheelchair , 
  well if they had no faith there would not have been so many negotitations beforehand . 
  also just look at the oppinions of the other europeans leaders since syriza came to power how they gradually changed, 
  well this is probably more relevant to gerrman inner politics . 
  he was shot by a mentally ill guy in 1990 and has since been in a wheelchair, 
  have you actually considered that people just disagree wit you and therefore downvote you ? 
  also all this evil german rhetoric is about as stupid as the lazy greeks rhetoric . 
  i am fairly certain that merkel is a lot more pro greece staying in the euro zone . 
  if that seeemed utterly unfeasible i would be really suprised if she did not go a more pragmatic way, 
  i do n't think the problem is that the greek people lost trust in their government . 
  the other ez contries lost their faith in them, 
  i think the problem for greece is while they were in a reasonably strong position in the beginning of the crisis this just dwindled away as the crisis went on and the eu put up more preparations and the risk of a cascade onto other coutnries sunk, 
  the thing is after all the breaking promises and turning on the people that have trusted in him does he really look like a man you can trust ? 
  i feel that is a coreproblem by now, 
  that seems really risky, 
  it took quite a long while to fully lose fate in the greek government . 
  people also were for bailing out greece and putiting a reasonable reform process . 
  also sch\u00e4uble has surely not the last word in these decisions . 
  he has an important one but he can not decide alone, 
  it would heavily suprise me if it was any controversial . 
  i think the bigger part is that the vast majority of germans just do n't know about it . 
  honestly i did n't know about it but i think is the absolute right thing to recongize it and should have been done a long while ago, 
  i really hope they at least have a good plan on what to do if negotiations fail , but from how tsipras and the syriza government behaved so far i fear they have no plan b, 
  the greek government cancelled negotitations to hold a referendum and fervorly advertised a no . 
  right after that after they realised they can not strongarm the ez with this they bend downa t a point where they already burned the bridges to the old proposal and then try to get away with doing even less ? 
  that seems quite stubborn to me, 
  it also has probably something to do with sch\u00e4uble sitting in a wheelchair, 
  this does not make sense ... germany lent a lot of money to greece and losing this would also mean the `` schwarze null '' would be void . 
  i think they just follow different postions , but yes merkel is probably the better leader . 
  more calm , more pragmatic . 
  i think sch\u00e4uble just lost trust by now , but merkel would negotiate till the bitter end . 
  sorry that i disagree with your opinnions ( or really i am not sorry ) , but your posts really remind me of your name ... 
  well i think it might end in a few hundred years . 
  just look at how the conflict between prussia and bavaria has almost faded by now, 
  there is a lot of anti german propaganda aswell tho . 
  it feels like everything that went wrong in greece since the crisis began got blamed on germany, 
  i am sure they would love to deal with any reasonabe government that behaves like proper politicans and not so stuck up on ideology . 
  this is not about syriza this is about bad approaches taken by tsipras and varoufakis . 
  they tried to strongarm the eu and only now realize that they can not do that, 
  they did n't ignore it they just didnt give in to the fairly delusional campaggn of syriza . 
   `` either the greek government is tricking its own people or ( it is tricking ) us again . '', 
  that is how i feel aswell - either he turns 180 \u00b0 on the referendum and that was pointless anyways or he is trying to trick the ez . 
  honestlyit looks like populism is way more rampant in greece these days ... also the way merkel behaves is not xactly the german public opinion . 
  merkel is already not nearly as tough on the greeks as the public opinion is, 
  brutale killerspiele, 
  i know i also read as much as i could recently . 
  i only found that our german news have an extremely high rate of accuracy ( i literally can not remember when they said something that was just plain wrong ) . 
  i rather belief before they would publish something they are not 100 % sure off they rather talk about it as not 100 % sure or do n't bring it up . 
  bear in mind that these are the biggest news in germany ( reaching up to 10 million people with their main news ) and are generally regarded as accurate . 
  see it is like the iggest most neutral ( well obviously they are not perfectly neutral but at least they try ) . 
  they talk about the woes of the greeks , they talk about the posititons of the german government and the positions about other governments and also about all kinds of other news not regarding greece . 
  i just try to avoid tabloids and mostly just stick to the big news provided by the public channles who i regard as fairly neutral and very accurate . 
  do you think it would have been a good idea to poison this proposal with that ? 
  that would have been a surefire way to get it rejected, 
  so they speak bavarian in austria ? 
  i guess you knwo what time it is ... 
  but how are greeks able to give me german news ? 
  i also have the feeling that your news are more biased than the german news . 
  keep in mind that this is not the `` hurr durr all greeks are lazy bullshit '' , this is not a boulevard paper , but rather a more reputatble news channel . 
  well we have pounds here aswell . 
  they are different from american pounds and significantly easier to convert to metrical . 
  1 pound = 500g . 
  i heavily doubt they would fake direct video footage of politician speaking . 
  also if you do n't believe the biggest and most reputable news sources what else should you do ? 
  the allies forced germany to go to ww2 aswell because of the treaty of versailles !!!, 
  see i really start to feel for the people in greece that get attacked over and over again over here because i feel like germany gets attacked over ando ver again . 
  germany just got chosen as represent for the ez . 
  see the comparison to the marshall plan is not an attack but i think it is just super twisted to still have the german people constantly bathe in their wrongdoings in world war 2 . 
  i think every german learnt about that time inside out and i just really want to leave this behind by now . 
  it is not only dijsselbloem that didnt like varousfakkis it was a lot of the other leaders aswell and i think you can say a lot but just look at dijsselbloems last speech and i am pretty sure he does care about greece . 
  i personally think the way syriza approached negotiations did way more bad, 
  well merkel is surely not a leader to lead by vision , but i feel like the policies of reacting accordingly most of the time and generally being moderate brought more good to us than the vision of a leader like tsipras, 
  then you should tell that to the other people . 
  i just really do n't want my country to be insulted all the time either and i think i have the right to defend myself either . 
  i also think it is a laughable comparison , but i will still defend me from verbala ttacks, 
  i personally do n't know where you get your news . 
  to go into more deatail most of my news are coming from the tagesschau . 
  the biggest news in germany, 
  i am not so sure about most politicans rather making concessions than having greece leave . 
  there is pretty open talk that merkel will definitely not get all the votes in her own party if it comes to another bailout vote . 
  also the other states of formeer east europe especially do n't either look partuclarly positive on aanother bailout . 
  reports here indicated that apart from france italy and cyprus alot of countries already might be favoring a grexit . 
  there was . 
  there is always goodwill there is also goodwill with greece at the moment , but majorly it was and it is probably also today own interests, 
  so nice how you still see the effects of the reformation and how there was no germany till 1871 in germany, 
  we are talking about a countrys economy that is getting wrecked by the failure to come to an agreement . 
  i am not saying the ez is not at fault here aswell , but to me the major fault lies with syriza behaving like they did . 
  they really do n't seem overly realistic to me , they are not applying realpolitik but rather politics based on ideology . 
  they are more looking at what they think is right and less than what is politically feasible and what will eventually lead out of this, 
  did you not see the support mrs merkel put in for keeping greece in the ez ? 
  if she was a public oppinion poll she woudl have pushed for a grexit months ago, 
  i heard it repeatedly on german news by various politicians . 
  this would also confirm that the referendumwas really just a farce,
