  do you really think german and dutch tax payers should be forced to finance a greek deficit spending program while also refinancing the entire greek debt ? 
  you really have no clue of merkel , do you ? 
  you are conflating so many things here . 
  rightfully so . 
  it is utterly ridiculous that someone sentenced to 10 years for attempted manslaughter is set free after such a short period of time . 
  sure . 
  the ukrainian military could also not stop the russian army from capturing kiev if they wanted to do so . 
  the issue here most likely is proving that something illegal is occuring and not that it is not illegal . 
  it will end when you get a working eu wide asylum system , which as it looks right now wo n't happen . 
  all of the solutions that have been proposed so far just gloss over what is supposed to happen with people in europe . 
  note that this is only my personal oppinion what i think will happen and should as such be taken with a major grain of salt . 
  i would not be suprised if we were going to get a new all time low in the next few years considering it is looking like the fed will increase the interest rates further while the ecb is expanding its measures . 
  good for you i guess . 
  that literally can not happen in a currency union, 
  somehow i feel like people still underestimate the short term consequences of greece leaving the ez ( not you but a lot of others ) . 
  we literally had the german red cross prepared to provide humanitarian aid in greece at the height of the greek crisis last year when it looked like the talks might fail . 
  yeah you can take any responses like this to an absurd ... 
  this obviously does not mean we should let everyone do whatever they want ... 
  which does n't matter as long as it is not feasible in practice, 
  why was he even let go from greek prison ? 
  which again would be quite expensive . 
  also you probably get in some other troubles if you want to detain people for an indefinite period of time . 
  also how would you verify the persons statements anyways ? 
  then you have the issue that it might simply not be possible for people to take papers with them if they flee . 
  there is also no physical barrier nearly as large as the atlantic between mena and europe, 
  i dont think ukraine is what people thinkmabout here . 
  more like poland czechia , hungary , romania, 
  what was dine after ww2 in germany was impossible to do in the collapsing su, 
  i really do n't think we should expand the eu further . 
  it is already too large to be cohesive, 
  see i could see convictions that would not automatically disqualify someone from being prime minister . 
  but freaking election fraud ? 
  how can someone sentenced for election fraud become prime minister ? 
  that makes no sense at all . 
   i think it is fair to guess that a women wearing an islamic headcovering is a muslim and unless there is a census saying that most arabs/turks are n't muslims it 's also a safe bet to say that that person is a muslim . 
  and it is their good right to be a muslim , just as it is the good right of someone to be a catholic or a protestant or a jew . 
  but if you do n't think religioius freedom is worth protecting then you probably do n't care for this . 
  i also do n't see how it matters what holy book someone follows if it is the thora or the quran as long as they are moderate . 
  you ca n't see if someone is a muslim from the outside though . 
  you can see he is a turk though . 
  and i believe religious freedom is part of germany . 
  would you also say that you ca n't be jewish if you want to be german because judaism certainly is not connected to being german either . 
  i would for example consider someone fully integrated if he grew up here speaking only german at home and as his first language doing school and then university . 
  and i think such a person could also be a moderate muslim if he wanted . 
  if he does not want to eat pork or she wants to wear a headscarf that is none of my concern just as i would n't care if a person wears a necklace with a cross or wear a kippah . 
  we have religous freedom here after all . 
  yeah because fully integrated turks are not still perceived as turks in germany ... 
  right and in what was my country the germans were replaced with poles . 
  the difference between this and what is happeneing right now that both the soviets and the europeans came in armed conquest ... 
  you need to speak german in germany ? 
  because different nomenclatures are used . 
  the simplest is probably western and eastern europe , here germany would fall under western europe . 
  if you use more subdivisions germany falls into central europe . 
  no actually not . 
  germany is a social market economy ( soziale marktwirtschaft ) the same as austria actually . 
  i am pretty sure the objection was rather to the fact that they wanted to fully shield bank investors more than bailing banks out in general, 
  also the name has nothing to do with child . 
  it would be redshield in english . 
  pronounce it like roteshilt in english and you are way closer to how it should be pronounced . 
  it also works within germany . 
  the situation is completely different though within germany and within the us . 
  there is a lot more of a sense of union within the us and within germany than there is within the eu . 
  you also have a lot more influence on other states than you have on other countries . 
  after all they are all under the same government . 
  you can honestly not really compare the eu to the us . 
  right and you find that kind of imbalance within germany too and there is a fiscal union within the states of germany . 
  you have a lot more cohesion between bavaria and saxony or ebtween california and mississippi than between germany and greece though and you also are not under one government . 
  this is honestly just a false equivalence, 
  yes and what happened in greece does not lend itself to any sort of trust . 
  we saw what happened there when it was perceived that the ez countries would collectively stand up for debt of one country, 
  you can not have a fiscal union between countries that are so vastly different economically though . 
  see i could absolutely see a working fiscal union between the netherlands and germany for example , but i ca n't really see a fiscal union between germany and greece working well . 
  the differences are just too big . 
  nobody is willing to do something like the massive amounts invested into east germany for the much larger sphere of southern europe . 
  yes of course debt gets restructured as it always would be in times of low interest . 
  still even if you loan money at 0 % interest or less you have to pay it back eventually and in economically good times the government should strive to reduce debt rather than build up new debt sticking to anticyclic fiscal policy . 
  i also do n't think anybody is arguing that having these low interest rates is bad for government financing . 
  it is bad for the small savers it is bad for the banks though . 
  it is bad for my mother and father saving for retirement . 
  it is bad for my grandparents that have to live of their savings . 
  it is bad for anyone saving for retirement . 
   you 'll get no argument from me there . 
  i ask of you though ; should n't germany extend that same good will towards reform ? 
  i am not quite sure what you mean by this . 
  i think the german government has shown a lot of goodwill towards greece . 
  a lot of times moreso than the populace . 
   i wo n't profess to having intimate knowledge of ecb 's boundaries , but has anyone else claimed that they do indeed overstep their boundaries ? 
  might not the case simply be that mr. sch\u00e4uble is arguing in favour of his country 's interests ? 
  i know the head of the bundesbank weidmann has also spoken out repeatedly against the practices of the ecb . 
  i am honestly not remembering the articles i read on the topic carefully enough to remember the people exactly . 
  the idea though is that the ecb is modelled after the german bundesbank , but it at least seems to be interepreting a lot of the boundaries significantly differently under draghi . 
   that is indeed a distorted view . 
  currently though germany shifts the responsibility entirely on the southern europe while holding none for itself . 
  and i think that 's simply not right . 
  i think here our perceptions are just colliding . 
  has the ecb not acted very much in favour of southern europe , directly against what would have been good for germany for example ? 
  has n't germany lend tens of billions in bailouts ? 
  has germany not succesfully tackeled its intra eu trade imbalances ? 
  i also do n't see where germany is shifting responsibility onto southern europe to be honest . 
  the issue for me with greece at least is that greece was cut a lot of slack that greece has been given quite a lot of time to implement reforms and that simply did not happen to the required extent .
