  so basically they are like the eastern europeaners just that they are dirty muslims ? 
  you are under no obligation though to get them to wherever they want though . . you are not obliged to give them asylum wherever they want . 
  people ca n't decide they want asylum in cologne . 
  they get where they are sent , be that rural bavaria , the north sea or to bonn . 
  that is why you have to make binding distribution to make it impossible to get any welfare if you go to another country . 
  also a way to weed out people coming only for welfare, 
  the issue is that you do n't know how long these people will stay and you want them to get to do something useful as soon as possible , simply because that also combats other issues like crime or depression in these people . 
  also if you get them into a useful job you will have to pay less . 
  i also do not see how the drive to get these people to integrate while they are here with the notion that they have to go back once the war is over . 
  sure there will be ugly scenes just as they were after the yugoslav wars were over , but still you can send the vast majority back once the war is over . 
  for people who do n't even qualify for asylum you of course have to send them back , but honestly everyone agrees on this i think at least . 
  uhm isnt majority decisions exactly what happen in democracies . 
  also what are the workable other ideas to overhaulthe dublin system that has proven not to work, 
  in addition to that after ww1 when austria hungary was split up the allies prevented german austria from joining the german empire and forced to rename the state to austria, 
  how so ? 
  a unified europe brings the possiblity of creating a fairly large new power in the area , which would not need to rely as much on the us , which weakens the position of the us 's position in the region . 
  that is only really a good thing if the us is willing to engage in an alliance of equals and if you see the us-europe alliance as absolutely permanent . 
  it certainly has the potential to shake up the global power balance, 
  because there is a big difference between informal spending goals and a formal treaty to spend x. 
  it is not really the money . 
  there is a huge ideological investment into the eu as a project in germany and past french governments also were very invested into the project aswell . 
  russia certainly is not benign , but that does n't mean all coming from the us is roses either and he is not wrong that nato has not really been used as a defense treaty in europe and the north atlantic in the last 15 years . 
  honestly i do n't think austria can claim neutrality anymore . 
  you are an eu member and you are basically allied with all nato states . 
  austria certainly is no more neutral than say sweden . 
  i think estonia has a lot more reasons to be paranoid than germany . 
  in case nato breaks up it is not germany that 's fucked . 
  it 's the baltics . 
  the question is why is [ country ] important . 
  i can see why americans could wonder why ukraine ( and the conflict there ) is important, 
  no the consequence of falling influence in europe specifically , but also in other areas of the world where other countries might reconsider their alliances with the us , due to it being perceived as a less reliable partner . 
  another issue is that it creates a military power vacuum in eastern europe one russia could potentially try to go into . 
  another scenario could be that europe grows closer under the new security situation , potentially creating a unified state to create a new unified power to combat potential threats and i really do not think it is in us interests to have a unified europe . 
  mostly losing a whole lot of influence within the eu and also risking having russia seize the opportunity to expand its sphere of influence . 
  it could also have a sizable impact on how reliable as an ally other countries might see the united states with some states in the midde east and east asia potentially looking to china rather than to the united states . 
  it would also risk that europe getting closer under the new security situation might create a big power that might not be very friendly with the us . 
  well if you strategic nuclear weapons are used to target entire countries ( which seems like the only way russia could take out germany before nato rallies ) discussing the entire war is pretty moot, 
  it is a lot harder to attack the euro as a currency than it would be to target one individual currency of a smaller country . 
  so then what format would you suggest for reporting all sorts of crimes ? 
  also what keeps people from just reading the police reports themselves ? 
  there are hundreds of crimes happening every day . 
  i feel like poles have a lot stronger feelings for germans than germans for poles . 
  he mentioned india thouh and india is threatened by china . 
  that does not mean china cant be threatened by india . 
  i do not think people really want to hear about all rapes and murders occuring gin germany . 
  there are enough cases that people simply wont care anymore very fast, 
  so you agree that the estonian military fould not prevent a russian occupation ? 
  i love you too , but still is n't it a realistic estimate of how long estonian defence would hold ? 
  during the cold war you know what the point of the bundeswehr was in case of war ? 
  to stall the soviets and eventually have germany serve as battleground for a nuclear exhange if necessary . 
  these things are not pretty , but they are rooted in reality . 
  and germany during the cold war was in a signficantl more defensible position than estonia is . 
  honestly do you believe that in a case of a conventional attack by the russian military onto estonia the estonian military would be able to defend for more than mere days ? 
  and unlike india germany is not under direct continous threat by their neighbors ( pakistan and china in india 's case ) . 
  germany is still spending significantly more on military than the entire gdp of estonia . 
  it is mostly a reaction to the comstant critcism that especially my country spends too little . 
  honestly it would already create a big enough deterrent if you kerged say the german , the french the italian and the benelux forces . 
  my goodness , if the us wants out of europe so badly they are free to withdraw from nato but then you have to live with the consequences . 
  and still the combined spending is ridiculously high . 
  european countries also dont spend tiny amounts on defense . 
  the combined budget of the uk france and germany alone is 150 billion . 
  how long do you think estonia would hold if the russians come ? 
  a day ? 
  two days ? 
  a whole week ? 
  estonia is relying way more on the us for defence than say germany, 
  as far as i am aware i only have one flair and austria has n't been a part of germanyfor quite a while . 
  also how are these things directly connected ? 
  or a quote that is both taken out of context and mistranslated . 
  it should read that to make a profit of the situation it is crucial to get people qualified, 
  note that he did not get chased away he completed his speech . 
  a crowd of 100 people just insulted and booed him when he held it making it barely understandable , but he did not get chased away . 
  the article also suggestst that it was not the entire crowd that was making trouble but that there were also a group of people that did not agree . 
  do n't you now right wingers never attack pecaceful conventions ? 
  the number one destination for immigrants is the united states of america . 
  also i think you should read up on the definition of multiculturalism . 
  well that simply wo n't fly . 
  freedom of religion is still something that is valued . 
   yeah it seems like eastern europe is definitively taking a different path in terms of multiculturalism , which is considered very illiberal for most of western europeans . 
  no i was more referring to events like the polish government trying to make the constitutional tribunal powerless . 
   keep in mind that in the west parties that are anti-multiculturalism are considered far right parties while in eastern europe that 's pretty much a given that 's just not true . 
  our very own german chancellor has repeatedly said that multiculturalism has utterly failed ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/oct/17/angela-merkel-german-multiculturalism-failed for example from 2010 , you will find articles from earlier aswell ) and calling merkel far right is ridiculous . 
  i see a lot more illiberal shit going on in eastern europe . 
  look at hungary or poland for example, 
   they do n't know that you ca n't convert a country from economical ruin to one of the richest countries in 25 years hey we did that !, 
  west germany was among the richest countries in 1970 , but using the gdp of germany in 1945 is probably also misleading simply because the country just was bombed out and germany was one of the richest countries in the world before the war aswell, 
  i feel like this feeling has gotten some rather large cracks recently . 
  you can still see the division along the iron curtain so very clearly . 
  even within germany where so much more money than in any other eastern bloc country was spent to raise it to western levels you can still see the divide . 
  i think you still speak german in austria, 
  yeah because 2 million poles in germany is very little, 
  i do n't actually know . 
  sometimes i feel like people just downvote me for being me here . 
  and also i am a german and apparently i hate my country which just is not true . 
  but whatever where is the fun in just going with the stream . 
  just that this is a conservative rather than a liberal paper, 
  these two things are really not connected . 
  these people are not fleeing to germany because there is a demographic change going on . 
  that is in fact what happened in europe after ww1 at least roughly . 
  vw does n't build power plants .
