  the party was called national solialist german workers party and still it as seen as one of the most extreme rightwing party, 
  you can democratically elect an anti democratic government, 
  1940 - winston churchill 1953 - konrad adenauer 1958 - charles de gaulle 1961 - john f. kennedy 1987 - mikhail gorbachev 2008 - barrack obama 2015 - angela merkel, 
  engineering !, 
  but there should n't even have been in austria in the first place then . 
  they should have been registered in greece or hungary or wherever they entered . 
  that is a significantly bigger break imo, 
  i would heavily prefer buying from russia than from isis, 
  no i believe that this was the intention of the eu . 
  and that price may very well go up again . 
  also how is germany gon na get gas/oil ? 
  we ca n't buy everything from norway, 
  what do nukes have to do with this ? 
  the eu was based off treaties that were to integrate the steel industry of france and germany originally that were made so there could be no more war . 
  keep in mind that up until after ww2 france and germany were mortal enemies trading blows for a good part of the 150 years before that at least and both countries conquering the other one, 
  yep , but i would guess the products germany is importing from russia are significantly more vital than those imported from the czech republic . 
  also the volume of imports from russia is higher than that of the czech republic, 
  the soviet union is the enemy he meant . 
  also france had a mortal enemy after ww2 and that was germany . 
  the same goes for germany which had france as its biggest enemy . 
  the german french friendship is a product of the second half of the 20th century, 
  you know that the eu is based on the projects that were made to make sure that war on the continent is impossible ? 
   if you want people to stop voting fn and comparable parties , the solution wo n't be to tell the people `` you 're wrong , you 're just scared and hysterical , vote for us '' , but to say `` you 're right , and this is our better solution for the problems of today '' . 
  but that would imply that these people are right which is apparently not the oppinion of the majority of politicians . 
  also there is a difference between saying that all muslims should be removed from europe and we should n't give asylum to anyone muslim and saying that you have to tackle problems like immigration . 
  also if you are on the extreme right you will get compared to the nazis simply because those were the biggest rightwing xenophobic party we had in germany . 
  is germany the only country where politicians are n't constantly blaming the eu ? 
  seriously i do n't recall a german politician putting blame on the eu at all . 
  the thing is that the whole refugee crisis did n't start with merkels comments . 
  weeks before that there were predictions for 800k refugees to come to germany in 2015 . 
  also did you see the situation in hungary and greece at the time ? 
  and anyways dublin deportations for syrian citizens were not happening in germany anyways even before that statement was made , simply because the conditions in refugee camps in greece or hungary were deemed inhumane . 
  also just in general merkel still has among the highest approval rating of european leaders . 
  dublin 2 was never suspended at least not by germany . 
  the only thing that was suspended was the deportations according to dublin ii which is very much within the possibilities of that treaty, 
  1.8 mililon muslims is too low . 
  i think a bit over 3 million is more accurate ( before counting in refguees ), 
  because the french did n't turn the whole continent into war ? 
  but dw is tax funded ... 
  leave nato/eu , france only to the french , introduce protective taxes to make french products more competitive , prohibit immigration for example, 
  still it is a similar situation of the mainstream parties failing and a fringe party becoming mainstream . 
  the fn and the nsdap also share quite a lot of political positions mostly regarding an ultranationalist and socalist policies both parties share . 
  why do people have a problem when you talk about jews in general but not when you talk about muslims, 
  just like the nsdap, 
  so then who is paying turkey for taking them back ? 
  also how does that comply with the european charta of human rights . 
  i am not sure it could pass there . 
   and no , being muslim does n't strip you of the right to asylum , but undermining european values in an organized way does . 
  i do n't really get what that is supposed to mean . 
  how are asylum seakers undermining european values in an organized way ? 
  i could see such accusations pointed at hungary , greece or even germany if you wanted but point that at refugees ? 
  also the issue with deporting in germany is that you can not simply deport everyone back . 
  for example there was just not the otpion to deport people back to hungary because the asylum system in hungary was just desolate and could n't provide humane conditions . 
  also what do you think would happen if germany sent everyone back to austria ? 
  do you think austria could cope with those hundreds of thousands of people ? 
  do you think it is sensible to just deport everyone back to greece or italy ? 
   that way they just can hand out citizenships by the bucketload to anyone who makes it across the border nobody is getting german citizenship like that . 
  people get asylum for 3 years at start . 
  saying that everyone that crosses the german border gets german citizenship is just straight up wrong . 
   and this is just my personal opinion , but islam just doesnt add anything good to europe . 
  i dont like what they do to school classes , neighborhoods and the entire country . 
  i generally dislike islam and their many , many medieval rules and it is a right of the native people , to decide who we let live among us . 
  so you generalize that people are bad because of their faith ? 
  see in the same vein would it have been the right of germans to simply deport every jew and strip them off their rights for being jews ? 
  or is that different because you have no personal problems with jews ? 
   not every one of the tens of millions of war victims in the world can live in germany , austria and sweden , this is just impossible and creates only problems . 
  i agree on that one that 's why it is not possible for example to apply for asylum at german embassies for examaple . 
  more recently the rates went up again . 
  from 3 days ago it was at 54 % . 
  is there something wrong with gabriel saying it ? 
  well one issue is that there simply are not really a lot of imams here in general . 
  a lot of mosques here have imams coming directly from turkey . 
  also the state simply does n't have the right to appoint religious leaders . 
  how do you propose to do this shutting of the greek border ? 
  how do you close off a seaborder without just watching people drown ? 
  also do you think it is right to deny people the right to apply for asylum that is granted to them under the geneva convention that every european country signed . 
  do you think it 's right to strip people of their human rights simply for the crime of being of muslim faith ? 
  this article makes it sound like merkel is completely losing support and her party is rapdily dropping when reality is that they lost maybe 5 % since the last election and the approval rate of merkel is still above 50 % something most european leaders can only dream about, 
  i will vote cdu . 
  in general i think a pragmatic approach is what we need and not fearmongering and persecution of muslims . 
  i think we should help those to come here in need of protection and send those back that come for economic reasons only . 
  i also think that it can not be a solution to just funnel everybody up to germany, 
  well that can go terribly wrong as history has shown, 
  so lets vote in the ultra conservative party in power !, 
  uhm at least in germany we have n't had a far left party in power ever . 
  how about the center . 
  also it 's really funny having a polish guy arguing that it is good to have the biggest pro russia/putin party be in power in france, 
  no but it is a position of the fn so we can bring it up . 
  schr\u00f6ders spd was also pro putin/russia for example, 
  is there a translation in english ( or german ) ? 
  i have to rely on wikipedia so far . 
  do you really think that protectionism and nationalising banks and public transport for example will help to get france out of its economic misery ? 
  do you think that it will be helpful for europe to have a party in power that wants to get out of the eu and nato ? 
  does that make europe safer and stronger ? 
  do you think that having france move closer towards russia and putin is a good thing ? 
  a party that got donations directly from russia . 
  do you think that reinstating the death penalty is a good thing ? 
  hey at least german election in 2017 is highly predictable, 
  the issue with russia is that they still have the military capability to release a thermonuclear war . 
  it simply is not a wise idea to corner the guy that has a gun put against your head too much .
