  you walk over the border or you drive over the border and claim you want to get asylum . 
  all the ohter refugees do n't have a visa either , but the 1951 convention that people shall not be prosecuted when they illegally enter the country to apply for asylum, 
  so your solution to migrants is genocide ? 
  see it is more efficient to focus them all in some camps and then execute them there if that is your wish, 
  guadeloupe or martinique also seem nice, 
  then what keeps them from coming to poland and getting the necessary paperwork done ? 
  hey people bring up 1940s ww2 regarding germany when speaking of the refugee crisis, 
  20.000 to 25.000 of 4 million people livingin saxony is n't that much . 
  also saxony is one of the poorer parts of germany . 
  i highly doubt there is any serious movment for an independent saxony, 
  supporting a quota distribution is one of the big points of germany 's current refugee policy, 
  austria and germany are still fighting adamantly for sharing the burden across the union, 
  if the other countries are willing to pay billions of euros to germany ... 
  you know there was this austrian guy ... 
  i dunno but we are not calling the dutch mechanized brigade `` gemechaniseerde brigade '' either , so why are we using the german name in english ? 
  also what would be a better phrasing formy mistake ? 
  if you already want to use the german name for the unit it is panzerdivision . 
  you cant simply deny people the right to apply for asylum ... 
  it is a shame how these people are treated . 
  it should not even be that troubling to fly out those people to the nato countries . 
  they fucking put their lives at stake and they are in very serious danger, 
  well if it is a democracy and the eu has 500 million citzens 16 % of the seats should belong to germany, 
  why should 80 million germans have the same amount of weight as for example 400.000 maltese people in a democratic system . 
  is a maltese person worth 200 times a german person ? 
  also nobody ever said migrants are welcome no questions asked , but really by now i am tired of people saying this bullshit over and over again . 
  and now tell me why ? 
  see if merkel was n't up for reelection there is n't really a good candidate . 
  you do n't hear anything from them regarding the refugee crisis apart from the uk which is quite worrying . 
  everyone said germany should be leading and now germany is leading and now merkel is a nazi for that ? 
  http://www.bundeswahlleiter.de/de/bundestagswahlen/btw_bund_13/veroeffentlichungen/btw2013_heft4.pdf here you can find all the data on this . 
  according to the statistics while older voters tend to vote more , you still get a turnout of more than 60 % for those younger than 35, 
  merkel is not even the chancellor with the longest term . 
  keep in mind that since world war two , merkel is only the eigth chancellor in office in germany, 
  well not for the chancellor , aloso what real purpose would that serve ? 
  there is a system that prevents the president from being in office for more than 10 years tho, 
  you do n't get to 40 % + of the votes without having also plenty of young voters . 
  you should also not forget that merkel is among the leaders in the eu with the highest approval rating, 
  did they really expect four policemen to just check themwhic cant even make the bridge unpassable would suffice ? 
  when did merkel ever declare herself boss of the entire continent ? 
  also you may not like it but germany is still the biggest and richest country in the eu and that comes with influence, 
  in germany schmidt would be rank 1 if you were to count all the homophone ways to write it together . 
  m\u00fcller just has the edge over schmidt and meyer that it is basically everywhere written the same, 
  there are mountains in the netherlands ? 
  yeah at least one of the upside of this is that i now care a lot less about personal attacks just because you get so many here on / r/europe recently . 
  i do n't know if that is for you aswell , but running around with a german flair it seems like people take all their critic and missinformation about the action of the german government out on you, 
  honestly this subreddit has been extreme in recent times with its racism and attacks against hungary and germany . 
  that is not a particularly new sentiment tho that we ca n't take in everybody . 
  he already said that several times, 
  i really need to rent out my room next year for oktoberfest ... 
  merkel never said that everyone receives asylum but whatever if people want to believe that they will and i am tired of explaining it over and over again, 
  and how do we deal with the people already in europe ? 
  how do we deal with this in the short term . 
  also how do you handle the basic right to asylum ? 
  i am just repeating what was ruled by the verfassungsgericht . 
  yes , see most germans would also prefer if this were not necessary most germans do n't want to house refugees in their backyard aswell , but they have to be spread across germany and not everybody will be happy with that and the same should apply across the union, 
  so what solution do you propose that is both humane and leaves everyone satisfied ? 
  what system other than fair distribution do you think is good ? 
  the german policy is not necessarily about what is most beneficial but more about what is right , also sending people back to hungary or italy or greece may not even work because it is seen as inhumane due to the states of their centers, 
  if you call what orban is doing is solving then well . 
  all orban is doing is deflecting it away from hungary and trying to block a common solution . 
  sometimes i just ask myself why orban even wants to be part of the union, 
  yeah i think it is a good idea to give them a chance to work . 
  mind this is before they get their official working papers . 
  also props to the guys that made the video for pronouncing pfungstadt corrrectly, 
  well tackling beggars is the problem of the west then, 
  yes but in one wave that is far too much to pay wie do that gradually, 
  a person coming to work in poland on a work visa is not a refugee, 
  the thing is the system already tries to combat this . 
  in the european parliament for example you have 1 seat for every 830.000 germans for example and only 1 seat for every 890.000 french citizens in comparison of 1 seat for every 70.000 maltese citizens and 1 seat for every 500.000 belgish citizens . 
  not even speaking from the commision where every state has exactly one member no matter the size . 
  see germany may have way more influence than some of the smaller states , but well the smaller states are just smaller . 
  for example my homestate in germany bavaria already would be the ninth biggest population alone with 12 million citizens . 
  one of the big problems i see that the countries in the union are not at an equal wealth for a good part not even at a comparable which makes it sometimes really hard . 
  i get that the eastern european countries can only shoulder less i really do i do n't want them or anybody else in fact take as much as germany does , but really it feels like a punch in the face when all you get back is criticism regardless of what you do . 
  one of the big examples is that germany sayed they would stop with the dublin proceedings for syrian refugees to relief the humanitarian crisis in hungary and greece and well you probably got the reactions . 
  i think we need some cooperation to move on but i feel especially from eastern europe comes a lot of nonconstructive and highly offensive stuff directed at germans and germany . 
  it certainly is but i just think frustration broke through for / u/fluchtpunkt , you get attacked a lot here since the refugee crisis got opened to discussion and it just really sucks to constantly get either attacked personally or have your country attacked . 
  see the number of german flairs here already visibly diminished a lot . 
  it is just extremely frustrating . 
  there is a fuckton of missinformation, 
  uhm there is a lot of space to do outdoor stuff in germany too :o, 
  well they are constantly pushing for a fair distribution across the eu , but well there are several countries that outright block this, 
   no reason for eu to actually help its own citizens what do you mean by that exactly ? 
  also this is not about millions . 
  on another page : what is your better solution to solving the refugee problem other than distributing it fairly across the eu ? 
  i think a lot of people here just used to calculating in euro . 
  7.85 pounds equal to 10.75 $, 
  well i think most of them would actually prefer to move to sweden , but what can they do against getting settled in romania for example ? 
  you tie their benefits to that and prohibit them from applying for asylum anywhere else in europe so they ca n't actually do anything about it . 
  will the refugees like it ? 
  no , but it is the only practical solution in my oppinion . 
  also as you said 6000 for a country with 18 million people is not really that much and everyone knows that a country like germany needs to take in more ( well germany needs to take in the most ) , but i still think we should share the burden across the union . 
  another huge issue is the amount of missinformation that is spread around currently about europe and i think we have to tackle this aswell because overly high expectations can be very troublesome . 
  we may have it good in europe , but it is not the land of milk and honey, 
   germany uses the institutions of the eu as a master puppeteer to show that eu solidarity means redistribution of refugees ( who are only 20.1 % syrians ) yes i think that you need to redistribute , those that got their asylum requests approved , through the european union , those that have legit reason for asylum and not the people from the kosovo that come here to seek better jobs . 
  these should just be sent back . 
  also european solidarity does not mean that everybody just freely allows the refugees to move through to sweden and germany and just deflects them from its own countries . 
  aside from that a lot of your issues seem to come from the issue that romania is compared to germany for example a fairly poor country and i can honestly not see how it is the eu that needs to fund to raise the wealth in living standard in romania , why and how the eu should heal the wounds of 50 years of communism, 
  well the people in the unhcr camps are less than 20 % of the refugees in turkey . 
  also we just recently had a report about the unhcr not having enough money to feed everybody but i htink that was in jordan,
