  see my gramdma fled twice fromm the soviets but that doesnt make the meatgrinder right, 
  well we live in the age of the internet tho, 
  if you want a more accurate picture i would suggest you read some national papers instead of reddit . 
  also here are still a lot more europeans than americans, 
  i think it depends . 
  i grew up with a pretty big antipathy towards russia . 
  a lot stilll from my grandmother who really hates the russians guts because they forced her to flee because she was part of the german minoritymnear lodz and then fled again in 59 by the subway to west berlin, 
  the thing is cities like k\u00f6nigsberg or danzig were ethnically cleansed of germans after the war . 
  if anything i think kaliningrad should br given to one of the nations it borders . 
  if you want o open up the part of countries that once were german before germans were cleansed that is a lot of western poland . 
  but today these teritories are simply polish even though they were made polish by force, 
  well we did it once ... 
  to be fair also nobody would tell you they feel pride because that could easily lead to being socially ousted, 
  i really dont think you should regard that slaughter as something good, 
  no it is basically ingrained into society that you can not be proud of that stuff , basically all this pride was killed off . 
  the thing is those victories and in fact also a lot of other great germans were instrumenttalised by the nazis which baasically means that people can not be proud of that stuff o \u00fcr they will be associated with being a nazi and that is something you really dont want to be regarded as . 
  this is extremely complicated . 
  maybe my children or grandchildren wont worry about it anymore, 
  that is a great symbol , also really shows what people think of when they think of pride especially national pride, 
  i think you also need to consider that national pride is a very complicated topic in germany in the light of the nazi ideology, 
  no those germans were cleansed especially out of east prussia . 
  the people did n't leave freely they were forced out and their possesions were seized, 
  you still are older than me . 
  i feel like most germans see the netherlands as a pretty chill country overall . 
  i think the netherlands and germany are just culturally very similar and as you said most people that experienced the war are very old or dead by now . 
  i also cheered for you during the world cup just because the netherlands vs germany would have been a super awesome final, 
  well if the hre had been unified it would have been a huge power , the hre was probably closer to the european union than to germany overall, 
  to be fair austria could have very well been a part of germany if the war of 1866 went different, 
  well to be fair culturally the netherlands and dutch as a language are closer to german . 
  today i would say that germany and the netherlands like each other except when it comes to football :d, 
  i sure do but i still think this is still very minor . 
  it is still a ton less than pre ww2, 
  what ? 
  where is the mass discirimination and the genocide starting ? 
  greece had a budget deficit of around 15 % of gdp . 
  you have to reduce that to a reasonable amount because you can even hope to recover . 
  greece suffered more than germany because it had a public sector blown out of proportion and had already a massive deficit that only worked because the laoans were that cheap . 
  also while using cheap loans is certainly fine keynisan anti cyclic fiscal policy also says that you should not spend that much when times are good, 
  by which numbers is bavaria not the richest state ? 
  yes bremen and hamburg have higher gdp per capita but that is because they are citystates . 
  there are also quite a lot of cities in bavaria with higher gdp per capita than either of those also bavaria pays a lot these days in the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich, 
  greece can gladly have control of they were not relying that much on cheap loans from the ez, 
  bavaria is the richest state in germany and the state with the lowest unemployment at 3.4 %, 
  uhm , yes ... 
  i do n't think i have ever encountered someone that did n't know germany . 
  sometimes you need to tell people tho that there are hardly any nazis is germany these days, 
  still what leads you to believe that the us will turn its back onto nato ? 
  is n't the money better invested other than in a military that is there mostly for prestige ? 
  uhm great britain and france both have nukes . 
  also what makes you think it is likely that the us will no longer care for europe ? 
  i fully agree that an army should be a national thing . 
  i also think that europe is strong , but i do n't think germany needs nukes . 
  even if there were issues with the us we still have france and britain as our allies over here with nukes . 
  but you certainly also would n't go into an agreement where you do n't have full control over the british army right ? 
  a european army just can not work atm . 
  yeah thats the point but there is a reason there are vetoes it is to get the bigger players into the boat, 
  that show is really cool . 
  the beep whenever he says fuck is annoing tho :d, 
  yeah i fuigured that i was referring to `` here is a relatively strong movement over here to roll back the legalization '', 
  i think it is not about germany being introverted it is more somethign against the military . 
  germany was at the forefront of the cold war that makes you also very much anti-war anti military because it would have germany that would have been a wasteland . 
  in gernearl people just prefer negotiations by far . 
  i also do n't think this is a personal attack on me . 
  there were horrible crimes commited under germany . 
  i know that you know that everyone knows that , but we accept it . 
  to be honest i quite like that i atleast can be somewhat proud/happy about my coutnry these days, 
  the problem is i think that enough people just do n't want to see it as a possibility . 
  i agree with your view tho, 
  yes and i think that the allies should have helped you . 
  did you ask for help tho ? 
  i was mostly gunning for the differences between germany and theo ther countries mainly . 
  germany is very much against the military and against war . 
  see i thinkthis is not right , but i can see why people are against the military in germany if you look at the history of the 20th century . 
  germany is just really pacifist comparably to japan ( and both due to the same reason in ww2 ) i personally think that nato is good and i think that nato is a great thing . 
  i was just referring that a united european army does not seem feasible . 
  i think nato can work very well i was just looking at scenarios where a united european army might become necessary . 
  no the problem is that there are simply not enough shelters built . 
  a lot of them had to be housed in sports halls of schools . 
  there would be space enough especially in east germany . 
  yeah that depends on country and who the prostitute is and to be fair i have not really an idea of how much you pay for a prostitute in germany , but enough to live well off , at least that is what i read . 
  in fact i even read the article you posted :o tho i think it is bollocks . 
  i hope he wins !, 
  the point is that it is a military alliance that has a binding contract that the members treat an attack on one of their territories [ ... ] as an attack on all of them . 
  that is the most important goa of nato . 
  a defensive military alliance . 
  i hope it will never be put to the test but i would be shocked if the nations would n't respond accordingly just because that would destabilize nato too much . 
  i can get where you are coming from tho considering polish history . 
  see here in germany we had hundreds of thousands of troops at all times during the cold war . 
  here in my town there is a street where formerly only us military lived . 
  in another town 20km away there was a 100 people strong garrisson and we were more than 100km from the border, 
  but how does it innatel harm women ? 
  if they are not forced into doing it i do n't see the damage . 
  i think the problem is more human trafficking . 
  making it a criminal offense to seek out prostitutes and enforcing that will obviously reduce the number of prostitutes , but it drives them more into illegality where you can help them even less . 
  also prostitution is just pretty lucrative because people are willing to pay a fairly high price which gives people the incentive to work as prostitutes . 
  overall i think it is perfectly fine if people want to do it on their own free will for whatever reason . 
  so about as expected . 
  how many of the cdu voted against it is probably the more interesting question . 
  for others in germany the reigning coalition has a supermajority ( well even a bit more than that ) so laws will usually pass even if a bunch of people vote differently which is probably a reason why more people vote different . 
  i think if the votes were closer less people would be voitng against it,
