  i doubt that fdp will fail to enter parliament again . 
  also rrg is not only against cdu/csu + fdp but also against the afd . 
  even just cdu/csu and afd together would reach enough seats to block rrg . 
  kenya will also not happen , there is no way a grand coalition wo n't have a majority without another coalition working . 
  i think black-green jamaica , grand or rrg can happen ( or black-yellow if you are an optimist ), 
  honestly this fine is too small to be really meaningful . 
  these elections wo n't be won by charisma . 
  well but as you said the linke has n't changed . 
  it would also still be a breach of trust and a breach of the coaliton, 
  i do not think the spd is willing to break the coalition treaty especially after campaigning on not forming a coalition with die linke . 
  i do n't think they can nor are they willing to take that breach of trust . 
  i also do think that gabriel for one is particularly in favour of rrg . 
  it depends on the issue and also quite heavily on the sub . 
  the german reddit community overall is quite left leaning . 
  this is a candidate for the large left party that is not completely shitty and they just announced that he would run for chancellor instead of the guy before who was pretty unpopular . 
  because this is an english speaking website with only a small german community . 
  reddit is not a particularly relevant site in germany and i would think that the vast majority of people never heard of it . 
   have the greens and the spd said they 're up for a coalition with die linke ? 
  last thing i heard is that none of the other major parties want anything to do with them . 
  well they have n't said that they wo n't do it . 
  they also formed these coalitions on the state level . 
  i think parts of the spd would do it while others wo n't . 
  overall i would think that it would be quite likely to see rrg if they were to reach a majority in the bundestag ( which i would consider quite unlikely )  and are cdu and afd even willing to form a coalition ? 
  merkel wants to run again , her immigration policy represents everything the afd is against . 
  0 % chance of that happening . 
  the afd said they definitely wo n't do it and the cdu definitely said they wo n't do it . 
  it would also be quite hypocritical to campaign so heavily against merkel only then to vote her in . 
  that said i think that this would likely have a majority of seats . 
  right i think it would/will be good to have the fdp in parliament again . 
  i just wanted to expres the point that no party strictly needs them . 
  i think schulz is reasonably qualified for the office . 
  he is also very pro european . 
  he actually was the head of the eu parliament past years . 
  the bigger issue for him and his party is that they most likely just wo n't win chancellorship . 
  it will just be hard to win with a leftist coalition when people rather are looking for a more conservative government . 
  also this is of course just my perception as someone who will almsot definitely vote csu ( conservatives ) so you can take that with a grain of salt here . 
  it is polls of who would be voted for were we voting for chancellor directly split up by party affiliations . 
  the catch is that there are no direct elections for chancellor in germany . 
  we just elect parliament . 
  right and that is something i could see . 
  i just am worrying about the left wing of the greens . 
  the hofreiters and the likes . 
  i would say unexpected , but not particularly shocking . 
  well just that we do n't have a direct vote for chancellor . 
  we will have to see if the spd can take some ground back . 
  nobody really needs the fdp in the bundestag . 
  in theory cdu/csu would like to form a coalition with them , but frankly that is just unrealistic right now . 
  you do know rrg has about the same support as black-yellow right now and nobody is talking about that right ? 
  it would need something pretty big to form a government against union + afd, 
  the french which are about the closest ally germany has ? 
  that is not really an issue at all . 
  i really wish more people would put in more effort to actually try and understand why these trade agreements are the way they are . 
  and gdp is a pretty worthless measure for russia considering that much of their wealth is in natural ressources and importantly the ruble also just lost a lot of value in recent years . 
  look at russias gdp ppp and then russia is on roughly the same level as germany ( a bit lower but still ) . 
  conversely germany is one of the largest trade partners of russia second only to china . 
  uhm no . 
  shared responsibility of common border was part of every proposal . 
  it does not make much sense for the border countries though if that just means that they will be stuck with every claim of asylum . 
  so tell me what further good does it do to invest that much more in military , what good to 20 billion euro more do ? 
  germany on its own will never have a sufficient deterrent on its own without building a nuclear arsenal which as we all know are prohibited from . 
  how about a representative democracy ? 
  it is an achievement reached by both germany and france . 
  two countries that for a long time where the biggest enemies now as closest allies . 
  that wikipedia page is not covering what people these days would understand by that . 
  it is almost always used meaning reasearch assistant . 
  and what about a steigb\u00fcgelhalter is supposed to be bad ? 
  he repeatedly attacked merkel and germany already during campaigning . 
  if you can push it through against german governments ? 
  proposing eurobonds is political suicide in germany . 
  if anything germany dragging down interest rates for southern states enabled the events leading to this crisis, 
  the netherlands is the country germany has the largest trade deficit with . 
  per capita germany is not at the top . 
  i would think it would be belgium or the netherlands at that point, 
  so you really do just want richer northern states to fund poorer , more corrupt southern states ? 
  what actual power would you cede for this ? 
  would you allow germans then also to make policy decisions in greece or do you just want all the money into greek hands somthat you can keep up an unsustainable state and keep going in cronyism corruption and tax dodging ? 
  germany is also having a balanced trade within the eu . 
  our countries are really closely linked in trade . 
  i did not expect germany to be the largest trade partner by that far tbh, 
  because germany has taken steps to balance out intra eu trade which is much more important . 
  outside the eu one huge reason why the german trade surplus is so high is that the euro is simply heavily undervalued for germany which naturally leads to an increasing export surplus . 
  also almost all countries are violating the maastricht criteria and germany is certainly not among the worst of these, 
  pensions generally were designed that you could live of just them, 
  and that would have been fine if th egreek govenrment could have done that . 
  the issue was that they could not get money on the markets for that though and you can not expect foreign tax payers to pay for these ingestments if they are already lending a shit ton of money at far below markett rates and having granted several debt reliefs, 
  to be fair pretty much nobody on this sub remembers the last time you folks got a new head of state . 
  like my grandparents still were children when that happened, 
  what is the source on this ? 
  the german economy that massively benefited from liberalisation ? 
  more importantly : countries with a higher growth rate tend to have a lower gdp/capita . 
  germany wo n't have a credible defense on its own without breaking the npt ( and also the two plus four treaty ) and we know that this wo n't happen without some drastic change . 
  i do think looking forward you 'd have to look at a joint franco-german army or if france break away at a full blown german army and also a german nuclear arsenal . 
  i 'd be in favour of this , but this simply is not realistic and will face a lot of backlash in the population . 
  germany also did n't strive for this role , germany is not a great military power these days . 
  i really hope cdu/csu will ramp up military spending even more than it is happening right now . 
  the time where we could just rely on our alliances as a sole guarantee for our security might be over soon . 
  that seems to be about the lead german conservatives have on the spd . 
  would you deem it immoral to use morphine for pain relievement too ? 
  public transport really depends on where you are . 
  it has been pretty good in the large cities in my experience .
