  you have a fixed opinion that is uninformed and is also never going to change . 
  i wish you good luck in life . 
  quoting `` prawy '' ... wow such a good source of reliable facts and opinions, 
  do n't you have like ... and inquisitive critical mind ? 
  read about who wrote this article , the background , the data used etc. 
  instead of getting carried away by emotions and hatred towards the polish , maybe think a little bit and face your newly acquired information with some other information , put it in some kind of perspective . 
  as a polish person , should i now start hating all people in britain because what 's been reported from there ? 
  as a person who fully believes in the future of eu , should i hate all british people for leaving the union ? 
  by saying the things that you said about us you are no better than the xenophobes and racists that became so vocal in my country , you are just like them . 
  and you also alienate people like me , you call me heartless , weak and unworthy . 
  use your brain a little bit more for this important issue . 
  you might want to get urself a bit unstuck from your ideas about poland . 
  `` bath day '' : *, 
  people shamelessly say these things . 
  [ just stumbled upon one example today ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/52kvpm/serious_germans_of_reddit_is_the_immigration/d7m9rg9 ) . 
  https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=1_rnt3k2zxb-f9z-2nsfmibqkxcs&amp;hl=en_us could you explain this ? 
  i 'd still insist that certain strains of particularly islam ( but also christianity , at least in the past ) are ( or used to be ) political movements under the cover of religion and push an agenda in the so called `` west '' , but yes , of course you 're right on the terminology , i did n't make myself clear . 
  only islam is a religion , a culture and a political view . 
  and under the umbrella of religion various political and cultural ( oppressive ) ideas get a free pass , because ... religion . 
  that 's why islam should be seen as what it is : all these things , categorized and analyzed . 
  you ca n't call this instance a discrimination based on religion because it was discrimination of an oppressive cultural practice . 
  but apparently you can . 
  no , of course there 's no question that people who do n't harm other people should not be discriminated against , i would not want to change that . 
  on a side note , since you 're native to my new country of residence you 'll probably know  is there any law in the netherlands that openly forbids celebrating or propagating ideologies such as nazism or communism ? 
  ( in poland we have a law against nazism and communism ), 
  of course . 
  however , if the political views are disruptive like for example neonazism , the freedom of practicing them is limited by laws , for example i have never heard of neonazi schools in today 's europe . 
  it is not the same with religion . 
  religion is protected . 
  girls can be taught that they are of a lesser kind , indoctrinated by oppressive cultures and religions and assigned very limited roles . 
  laws change and it 's societies that change them and adapt them to the current sensibilities and mentality , i see a problem with the fact that people are afraid to say something like `` religions should not be protected more than anything else '' only because current laws favor religious beliefs over political views or anything else , for example little girls ' freedom from oppression and indoctrination . 
  maybe the reality is that courts in norway rule in favor of oppressive cultural practices ? 
  the business owner explained it clearly : for her a hijab is a symbol of oppression comparable to a swastika . 
  nothing to do with religion . 
  just simply men oppressing women . 
  no , they are ideologies that are also religions . 
  why should religion be privileged ? 
  is there any reason at all ? 
  this community here is a bunch of boys supporting each other on the subject of women , there is absolutely no way to talk normally about feminism and women rights on reddit except for some smaller subs . 
  they 'll be super liberal , just , understanding , human-rights loving about most every aspect of social life but mention feminism and womens rights and it all turns into one big red pill . 
  not even worth starting a conversation . 
  but you probably have already noticed . 
  yeah , lets punish people for losing by bunching them together with the racist populists . 
  i voted against racist populists and still deserve to be kicked in the ass because my option lost . 
  cool . 
  the thing is that all i see here on reddit ( and also in other places ) is more and more repeating cliches and people antagonizing each other more than it is really healthy or necessary . 
  i am not okay with calling any country a shithole and i do n't think it should be considered normal and acceptable . 
  and i get especially aggravated when i hear it from people who are in favor of liberal european values , as i am . 
  as i said , they should know better . 
  it 's good sometimes to take a break from all the cliches . 
  i do n't want that either and i 'd rather kaczy\u0144ski had a bad disabling accident in the near future ( like tripping over a stone , falling off a cliff a tiny bit , the more natural the better ) but ... this attitude of disregarding and disrespecting poor people and poor countries does not add anything good to the discussion . 
  i hate the fact that people fall for the general negative , argumentative tone of the discussion , boost the animosity and add to mutual accusations . 
  it 's important to be responsible for your words even on the internet - it all adds up and makes the atmosphere unbearable . 
  i 'm trying not to give up on the idea of the union even if my country gets called all the names , i hope it 's just a phase :(, 
  lol you think i 'm a polish nationalist im sorry to see that you label people like this but you 're very much mistaken . 
  it 's also a pity that you choose to be aggressive and disrespectful towards me even if we share the same values . 
  this is not how you discuss with people , this way you alienate people who could be your allies . 
  kaczynski does not represent me and millions of other polish people , he represents 30 % of people who actually voted . 
  poland is much more than kaczy\u0144ski . 
  calling the whole country a `` shithole '' is disrespectful and creates unnecessary friction with people who are in favor of the eu but get called a `` shithole '' anyway . 
  and you , as a person who is a defender of european values , should know better than that . 
  yes.you do n't call countries `` shitholes '' though if you want to be taken seriously and show respect . 
  money or not my country would not be a `` shithole '' . 
  shithole like poland ? 
  could you maybe rephrase this ? 
  lol learn your fucking history, 
  no , it is not gender neutral . 
  `` dude '' refers to males and is rarely also used irl among teenage girls . 
  internet made it neutral because it 's easier this way as statistically there are more men on internet fora . 
  but i 'm not a male and sometimes feel sick of being referred to as a guy . 
  that 's why sometimes i request not to be called a guy . 
  oh my , do n't start that one , you know , the one about chamberlain and the phoney war and stuff ... 
  poland was cooperative in that matter in the beginning , actually the previous government agreed to the quota system ( and voted against the rest of the visegrad group ) . 
  then there was the election and just around it - all the threatening and putting friendly relationship with neighbors at risk because of migrants who break every law about getting into the schengen zone . 
  really , that did n't look well . 
  germany and in general brussels have all the bargaining power they need really . 
  but that 's not how some matters should be settled . 
  i was really disappointed that those politicians ( sigmar gabriel , martin schulz , somebody from austria and the netherlands - thats all i remember ) chose to stoke the feelings of animosity , fear and being threatened just around the election and right after the right wing populist party won . 
  for polish people who are liberal it was like getting hit on the back of the head - we did n't vote those pis retards in and now even the eu is turning their backs on us !, 
  it 's the same as in the case of brexit . 
  half wanted that , half did n't yet everybody says `` we didnt want you brits here anyway '' . 
  for all i know , the situation now is that actually quota system does n't work anywhere , not only visegrad group countries and more and more countries are against it , isnt that so ? 
  thank you !, 
  well , i personally see absolutely no problem with having even more than 10 thousand people in here . 
  i 'd even say that we need them , which may be controversial . 
  the current atmosphere of hatred towards people from mena countries is very alarming and abhorring . 
  there 's just this thing . 
  the reaction of german public figures in the beginning of the whole migrant crisis was very poor ( i 'm talking about the reaction towards the first voices of discontent in poland ) . 
  people saying that the money paid to us should be cut , that we should be kicked out of the eu and other nonsense of that kind . 
  those statements and opinions were heard here in poland ( very much heard ) and people got really angry . 
  of course there is a lot of racism . 
  of course people here are terrified by terrorist attacks and blame the whole group of brown people . 
  but the approach that some germans and other westerners chose only made things worse . 
  people do n't remember that poland has little experience with immigrants , we literally have no idea how to make them feel at home and how to make them want to become like us ( for example all the chechens that we got in the past went straight to germany ) . 
  it 's not a matter of money because we could afford some help . 
  nobody knows how to do it . 
  and in current situation in the west we do n't feel too prone to take advice concerning integration from you . 
  i 'm not saying that the refusal of taking any refugees at all by the current government is the fault of german politicians . 
  polish people are racist or they just do n't know people of different cultures and are afraid of them . 
  it 's just that ... whatever those public figures said added to the rhetorics of the current governing party ... and well .
