  good for them , right ? 
  why and how did she do it, 
  yes , to switch your perspective . 
  imagined already that this happened ? 
  good . 
  i didnt wish you to be raped really . 
  what news do you read or watch ? 
  of course accidents are reported . 
  and drunk driving for example has a big societal relevance . 
  so does rape . 
  and if a big country invites poor and weary poeple , puts them in refugee centers and gives somebody authority to manage those centers , dont you think that the same society has a right to know how that person/people fucks up ? 
  then i wish one day you or someone in your family experiences rape and then you come back here and tell me how unimportant rape is as a phenomenon . 
  edit : plus , if those centers are managed the way they notoriously allow rape , yes , the public that sponsors those centers thru taxation should know about the poor management and react . 
  if importing brown people has any influence on a steep rise in rapes then yes , it should be reported and people should be informed . 
  if there are rapes in the refugee centers - yes , it should be reported and people should know about it . 
  and yes , rape statsnews and tendencies should be reported , brown yellow white or whatever, 
  for the rape victims it might be quite an overwhelming phenomenon . 
  but who cares , right ? 
  he doesnt read about this stuff so he doesnt know we have violent racist attacks in poland . 
  and you think thats the reason why those turks were beaten up by a bunch of human crap ? 
  and anyway , would that satisfy you as a reason to beat up any turkish person ? 
  kurwa , people , youre going crazy, 
  calm the fuck down . 
  nobody is occupying us . 
  why cant people just calm the fuck down . 
  nobody likes to be pushed to be charitable , but it is not a reason to beat people up , are you crazy ? 
  like those 13 yo who have beaten up their friend in \u015awinouj\u015bcie , because he is of darker complexion and has a foreign last name ? 
  this country 's monsters are waking up . 
  it 's fucking terrible and scary, 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  its a question about usefulness not if a country is good to live in or not . 
  actually if you do business with poland its good to know some polish . 
  and for your information - were getting a lot of attention and are a developing country businesswise . 
  i dont understand why youre hating like this . 
  youre not objective . 
  what do you mean ? 
  like its obvious for anybody that poland is ... what ? 
  worse ? 
  oh my , who would have thought !, 
  my diagnosis : you 're a typical western hypocrite . 
  deal with it, 
  i think our media ( i mean polish ) is out of touch with reality somehow . 
  they ignore plenty of important events and highlight bullshit . 
  the events in turkey are important for all of us in europe , theyll have impact on us too . 
  i dont know how this can be ignored , its beyond me . 
  argh, 
  such a tragedy and yet the information websites in my country , like onet , wp or gazeta are at best lukewarm about the event . 
  5th news on the list . 
  i 'm pissed edit : now 15th on wp and 13th on gazeta , where kate moss ' boobs are of greater importance than 86 victims . 
  fucking media ... 
  i 'm silly , i right away think about harry potter style tents ... ah eh, 
  lipowa 1684 ( lime tree ) * 8 . 
  brzozowa 1552 ( birch ) * 9 . 
  \u0141\u0105kowa 1508 ( meadow ) * 10 . 
  kwiatowa 1480 ( flower ) so this is stats . 
  wherever i go i can find ulica ko\u015bciuszki ( historical figure ) , ulica grunwaldzka ( battle ) , ul . 
  \u017beromskiego ( writer ) and so many more last names and dates etc and i know of a winnie the pooh street in warsaw , 
  well then explain your comment because maybe it was misunderstood, 
  yes well , you 're obviously all data and shit and that 's great . 
  probably you 're right but i was thinking about what happened to me when i was a teenager and yeah well i wonder how you can be so sure . 
  i was brutalized and sexually harassed by a group of teenage boys . 
  i never reported this to the police because i knew from many examples before that they would not be punished because they were too young and i 'd only expose myself to more suffering and drama ( police , hearings , social stigma , backlash from their families etc ) . 
  did you think about why numbers of rapes might decline when there are numerous examples of no consequences to the rapists ? 
  how can you be sure that it is the number of rapes that declines and not of reports ? 
  or are german girls and women so law-abiding that they 'll report rape even if it means no consequences for the perpetrators and all the additional burden for the victim ? 
  i 'm not saying that rape is not in real decline in germany but how come you 're so sure of your raw data . 
  did you by any chance analyze it thoroughly and did some field studies ? 
  or is it that you have to believe something and what else to believe but raw data ? 
  how are they there ? 
  omg, 
  please stop being an asshole with my country 's name in you flair . 
  you make people hate all of us . 
  lol come look at our well fed polish clergy youll speak differently, 
  wtf with all the contraception/abortion restrictions lately ? 
  watch out for fronda fans, 
  `` would be '', 
  where are the fucking polish prolifers when killing people on the roads is legally not such a big of a deal in this fucking country of mine, 
  this is bullshit, 
  `` babies '', 
  affect ? 
  you have an obsession about poland , you should seek psychological help . 
  poland will never leave, 
  okay , so you think that the movement is justified in the usa ? 
  obviously the situation in europe is completely different , i agree . 
  making it sound as if blm in general was as ridiculous as antivaxxers or creationists is a bit of an exaggeration or rather completely out of place . 
  and i see other people here making similar comparisons . 
  i 'm just trying to understand why . 
  what 's so wrong about blm ? 
  what do you people here have against blm ? 
  how do you explain to yourself putting them in one group with antivaxxers and creationists ? 
  i see it as some kind of mental acrobatics ... 
  [ there is a petition to be signed against this policy ] ( http://www.opprop.net/ja_til_ulv_i_norsk_natur_nei_til_stortingets_utrydningspolitikk ) though i see at this time of the day there are only `` kill the bastards '' people here ... 
  why do you think it 's okay to call countries shitty ? 
  [ there 's this to sign if you would like to sign sth ] ( http://www.opprop.net/ja_til_ulv_i_norsk_natur_nei_til_stortingets_utrydningspolitikk ), 
  we have those two : polski owczarek nizinny http://imgur.com/ucz4zns https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_lowland_sheepdog owczarek podhala\u0144ski http://imgur.com/wqlbgc1 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_tatra_sheepdog, 
  to define , not definition . 
  it 's funny how you think that there 's one definition of an idea and that every culture has the same one . 
  are you from the western europe ? 
  i have an impression that with all the multicultural approach in the west the `` only we are right '' approach is prevalent . 
  i 'm sorry but i see no further reason to talk to you .
