  does n't denmark have an army ? 
  `` fair '' distribution people are not a bunch of fucking potatoes , you ca n't send them like products to different countries, 
  again : why are they allowed and encouraged to break the law ? 
  im fed up with the discussion being based on emotions , human psyche , goodness , humanity , values , gratitude , charity , guilt , shame , duty and so on and so forth . 
  i want the politicians , european and polish , to tell me how this will profit my country and my people . 
  i can not say for the whole polish society , but i dont feel the need to feel more charitable and good . 
  i just dont . 
  well , still , they could have stayed and not die . 
  and its a humane thing to do , take war refugees . 
  those were decisions of the host countries ( or decisions made by colonial powers , made by the colonial countries who dumped the refugees on the colonial territories ) - thats what they did and it 's great . 
  we will also take in war refugees but not because someone is grateful , but because its a good thing to do . 
  i must be cold at heart, 
  how can it be logical for people from other countries if the reality is that those millions of people who fled - left poland - so those who stayed , are in poland . 
  it 's facts . 
  so how would we be grateful in the name of those who left ? 
  how can it be understood logically in any other way ? 
  what exactly do you know about what poland is going to do in this whole situation ? 
  edit : misunderstood the second sentence . 
  my apologies, 
  i 'd like someone to explain to me ** how the argument about our need to be grateful because ~ ~ 20 million ~ ~ a number of polish refugees were redistributed all over the world is valid for us polish people whose ancestors stayed in poland during wwii and communism and went through all the hardships on their own soil . 
  ** how is that logical to send that message to poland as a nation and an eu member ? 
  i understand it as just a rhetorical trick for the audience of all the other countries that are not poland , meaning : oh look how ungrateful they are . 
  but who ? 
  those people who are now australians or argentinians ? 
  but maybe i 'm not thinking clear . 
  can someone explain how they understand the argument ? 
  thank you edit : juncker actually said its 20 million descendants of the polish refugees . 
  still ... 
  i do n't understand the guilt tripping that is so much in vogue lately . 
  they wanted to help - they helped , their choice . 
  we want to help too , but we can only afford so much . 
  are you going to guilttrip us a bit more for not being able to afford what you can afford ? 
  lol, 
  no , just normal , regular , typical korwin ... 
  you know bullshit about your own country, 
  poland was all for sanctioning greece ? 
  do you have a hole in your head through which your brain matter has slowly trickled out ? 
  how many times in your life did you try to get help from mops or any other institution in poland ? 
  have you been unemployed at least once ? 
  when i read your comments its like youre from a different poland than i know . 
  are you from a small town ? 
  have you ever been to a small town or a village ? 
  because we arent such fucking hypocrites like you are . 
  how dare you invite those people to your country and then resend them , you fucking lying scum, 
  deport them . 
  and then fall of you high horse and break your neck, 
  ill take a family to my own house, 
  you are way out of touch with reality . 
  way out of touch lol, 
  no , honestly , 9000 is too many . 
  you dont know this country . 
  ill be really sorry for those people wholl be made to live here . 
  really really really sorry . 
  their lives will be ruined here . 
  theyll hate us and theyll cry every day that someone kicked them in their asses and sent to a country that lost milions of its citizens to emigration, 
  check the stats for blacks by the way  i really dont have anything against immigrants , black white whatever . 
  the only thing that puts me on the edge is western hypocrisy and guiltripping . 
  how are those in poland responsible for thise who emigrate by the way . 
  logical error . 
  if the current government ( po and psl ) accepts over 9000 people , pis will win by 90 % votes . 
  i myself will vote fucking pis if po agrees to that . 
  and how are they going to force people to stay in , say , poland ? 
  no , they will not redistribute them . 
  you can shove them up your asses, 
  i didnt quite grasp it , they 're ... thinking sabout ... sanctioning countries ... in the european union ? 
  european union is going to ... sanction itself ? 
  beause i dont quite understand . 
  is this article supposed to jus piss me off or is it serious ? 
  i dont get it . 
  they arent getting them . 
  theyre inviting them, 
  check the stats about how many of them work and how many are on dole . 
  then comapre with non-eu immigrants youll feel very shitty about what you said , i guarantee, 
  no way ... 
  oh so you now stooped to calling my views idiotic ? 
  well done !, 
  what do human rights and democracy have to do with the whole situation ? 
  did your politicians consult their decision to invite all the poor and needy with us ? 
  was there a big discussion and a referendum to ask all the members if they feel ready to take on milions that are soon to come to europe ? 
  did anyone discuss with us how were going to afford it ? 
  is what youre doing democracy ? 
  is it human rights ? 
  you say any people from war infested countries are welcome . 
  and what happens next is all the people flood in , from afganistan , bangladesh , syria , irak ... you invited them all without asking anyone if they can help your guests or not . 
  and these people , with hopes for a good life , on your call , board tiny boats and try to get there thru storms and deep water , to their dream land . 
  and then you find their dead bodies on the shores and cry a lot . 
  is this what you call human rights and democracy ? 
  because to me what you germans do equals despise for human life , hypocrisy and guiltripping, 
  you should n't - thats right , if this is what you want as a nation . 
  we do n't have to and we do not owe anything to anyone . 
  believe me , they were fleeing poverty and no perspectives , unemployment and zero welfare . 
  maybe 1 in 50 fled actual persecution, 
  they were and you accepted to take them all in because you needed someone to unclog your toilets and take care of your old people . 
  pay back what ? 
  its not refusing to accept hardly any . 
  its bullshit . 
  its accepting so many as it can . 
  the thing is they can not fix their problems in their own country . 
  its a shame that the situation is so complicated and nobody knows what to do . 
  and that europe divides .
