  polish people were relocated to either british colonies or satellites of the empire . 
  the locals had nothing to say about wether they wanted to help the refugees or not . 
  thats the difference . 
  i wish poland could help those who need help and i think we will take in more refugees . 
  but europe will not be able to rescue everyone . 
  still - they take it upon themselves and promise help to everyone who comes . 
  its not possible . 
  to you the matter seems so uncomplicated that it hurts my eyes to read the bullshit you spew . 
  its either black or white . 
  worrying about how its all gon na work out doesnt seem to be the right thing to do , does it . 
  i dont think theyd be the only ones to leave , in a hypothetical situation that anyone would actually leave which is not going to happen . 
  being refugees ? 
  yes . 
  other circumstances , not really ? 
  are those groups in any way similar besides both being refugees ? 
  i dont understand . 
  what ? 
  between the two what . 
  why cant you say that you dont like someone ? 
  thanks for the link , it is very interesting . 
  i wish you all the best and will be very happy to see how you continue taking in 100 % of the people that you invite . 
  yes , it would be a punishment for them and for us . 
  im quite serious . 
  youre free to spend all the money you make on helping the people of your choosing . 
  but never make anyone else do the same if they are not up to it . 
  you know exactly what im talking about . 
  how much more naive can you bethan believing theyll just magically integrate while policies in your own country have failed . 
  do you really live so far from a ghetto that you can say these things seriously ? 
  you give them accomodation , schooling and money to support them and you know what they say at home about you ? 
  ` suckers ' maybe its a minority that doesnt integrate . 
  but you failed . 
  you simply failed . 
  and you failed those people to whom non-integrated people pose a threat . 
  oh , you were serious ? 
  i thought it was a statement for comical purposes, 
  until they have integrated and kabooom ... a non sequitur !, 
  calm down , youre having a tantrum attack . 
  calm down, 
  yes ... and no . 
  i really feel very much disillusioned about the west . 
  by how narrowminded those ppl seem , how much less open to different cultures than they think they are , how they treat us , talk about us and how they call us ungrateful and backward . 
  how they accuse us of having short memory etc. 
  im also against all the white power/nationalistic/christian values bullshit that some people talk about . 
  however , when the western media ... accuse and manipulate , i really ... im getting radicalized :( so its ironic , but also its not . 
  its sad how there is no balance among people . 
  cause christian values !, 
  i 'm becoming soooooooo nationalistic and bigoted and christian and anti-western when i read how the western media report about this ... its just wow how nationalistic and bigoted i get, 
  this is a pile of something being burned down by someone somewhere . 
  so yeah ... 
  yes and we agreed to do our part , to a degree that we can responsibly offer help . 
  still , there are politicians who say we are racist and we dont want to share our ... wealth lol and id like to stop hearing abt the stupid polish people who are 100 % racist and would send poor syrians to auschwitz - because its bullshit . 
  go to any internet forum in any language and youll see ppl shitting at each other , being racist etc. 
  plus there are normal ( by that i mean non racist ) people who are against overpromising and not delivering in every country in the eu , not only among the new members . 
  my overall impression after talking to ppl from the west is that you dont realize that even if we are in the eu , our standards of life are incomparable to the western members . 
  and so is all that we can offer to the newcomers - incomparably meager, 
  whatever makes you happy and feel goo aboit yourselves , 
  exactly !, 
  thats why germans can not tell us what to do - only ... they do , 
  wow , great britain is morphing into little poland . 
  that 's how it goes in poland : paralyzed ? 
  meh , no welfare for this guy , hes totally able to work yo !, 
  people die in the west because they dont get welfare ? 
  lol, 
  it gets to 40 \u00b0 c and more , its really fucking hot here, 
  they arent looking only for a safe place . 
  we have no war in poland , were in eu and do you know how many syrians applied for a status here ? 
  500 people . 
  500 do you know what else we dont have besides war ? 
  pull factors ( welfare ), 
  were in fact not excusing ourselves and we agreed to take some syrian refugees . 
  how do you think we can afford to take more ? 
  people leave this country because theres no social welfare here , how do you think we can afford to responsibly invite more and more people ? 
  poland is not responsible for refugees as much as ur highlighting it . 
  and even if it was , how do you think we can pay for all the expenses ? 
  just tell me how and ill be satisfied . 
  be practical and explain how, 
  how . 
  how do you want us to do it . 
  how, 
  help out with what ? 
  with military actions ? 
  because thats what nato is about . 
  with taking in refugees ? 
  how does nato take in refugees ? 
  by the way theres also another point of view for that : this is caused by not enough actions by nato . 
  poland agreed to take in a small number of refugees . 
  we might agree to take more in the future . 
  but tell me , why do you think your cou try had such a big influx of polish people ? 
  how do you think refugees will want to stay here if even milions of polish people didnt want to stay here ? 
  there are already complaints by refugees that the accomodation and care they get here is not enough . 
  how do you think we could take responsibility for them and promose them theyll be comfortable here if even we arent ? 
  all we can do is give them a bit space of a country without a war . 
  nothi g else . 
  no social benefits , no free acvomodation , no free money . 
  so how will they live here do you think, 
  and how/why would we take them ? 
  because we owe what ? 
  we were pushed to take some and we agreed . 
  how do you think we could responsibly take more ? 
  i highlight responsibly,
