  yes , they are all supposed to be anesthetized . 
  it 's required by law . 
  not an issue ? 
  cut yourself a limb , you 'll see what the issue is without anesthetics ( or at least being stunned ), 
  sure , ill tell the rest to stop invading you . 
  dont worry , ive got it, 
  exactly . 
  nobody is sorry for our youth , that right after finishing studies they have to go wash dishes in uk . 
  it looks like were just made for this kind of jobs or just a worse sort of human beings . 
  fuck the greek youth . 
  maybe theyll learn how to work when they have a foreign boss . 
  where did i say its greek youths fault ? 
  i dont see people making sad faces and say how sorry they are that young people from my country have had to emigrate in the last decdes . 
  or young people from lithuania ukraine bulgaria romania etc. 
  when youre from a poor country you fucking emigrate and nobody gives a fuck about how unjust , tragic or dangerous it is for you . 
  all of a sudden poor greek youth is an exception to this . 
  fuck them . 
  oh my oh my , poor fucking greek youth , have to face such a dilemma . 
  please . 
  feeling guilty ? 
  i 'm not . 
  edit : omg i knew youre danish !, 
  i knew that . 
  you people are soooooooo out of touch with reality . 
  you poopsikinses live in a bubble  yes , please help everybody , its your moral imperative . 
  not mine though, 
  why do n't they go to saudi arabia , emirates , jordan , iran , pakistan , india , russia , china , mongolia , kazakhstan , or even malaysia , brasil , argentina , usa , new zealand ? 
  why dont these countries feel responsible for those refugees ? 
  why does europe feel responsible for them ? 
  you didnt answer my question . 
  what was the satire about ? 
  i watched the movie  the most stupid movie ive ever seen lol well ... its not like that :d, 
  it is full of concrete apartment blocks but those are full of interesting people ... eh . 
  why arent you curious about us ? 
  were in one union ... 
  go revise your notions, 
  shitty carpenters ? 
  thats the first time ive heard it . 
  car thieves yes , alcos , little vatican yes but ... bad carpenters ? 
  well , i have to say it 's and advancement for my nation . 
  just shitty carpenters . 
  i 'm almost proud !, 
  gooood, 
  no i mean what is it about . 
  you said sth that is supposed to be a satire . 
  whats the satire about ? 
  a legit question, 
  a satire on what, 
  just go bankrupt already . 
  what do you expect though ? 
  yes but what will you do now ? 
  dont do things like this anymore , okay ? 
  that was terrible , terrible . 
  so no problem to take in more muslims . 
  this article ... makes my think all the bad things about the west . 
  oh come oooon, 
  yes yes but its complicated . 
  it doesnt really mean total cancellation . 
  i used common language . 
  i 'm not sure if in europe going bankrupt means that all your debts are cleared . 
  i know it works like this in the us , but for example in poland - no . 
  why do n't they just go bankrupt already . 
  who cares . 
  of course you dont . 
  you live in denial, 
  didnt mr putin meet with mr tsipras to talk abt some more monies for greece ? 
  fuck it . 
  name the achievements . 
  this guy is a nutjob, 
  ur so fucking smart , soooo smart ... 
  go kill urself, 
  most people on my facebook feed announced plans for emigration :d this election has certainly made my own decisions easier . 
  and im very happy about it, 
  he trolls around , thats what them trolls do, 
  theres a difference and you dont see it, 
  yeah . 
  this parade is sooo necessary right now . 
  im sure well be better friends afterwards ... :(, 
  in the early 2000s but still ... do you have bathrooms in poland ? 
  and this is a blowdrier . 
  a b-l-o-w-d-r-i-e-r , do you know what it is ? 
  i do n't know if you have them in poland ... o_o, 
  for me it looks like this question is more about how much knowledge someone has about some countries ... edit : plus who has the best pr, 
  they are different from each other and theyre different from all other countries . 
  i dont get the question . 
  you can only very superficially judge that a country is boring because , i dunno , buildings are gray . 
  is that all there is ? 
  i really do n't think any country is boring . 
  but theyre different, 
  may you live would be really more than enough !, 
  a boring country ? 
  is n't it an oxymoron ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  true , i guess . 
  and they did n't touch the women in my granny 's village because mingling with subhumans was forbidden . 
  if ur asking me a question you have to be more specific because i didnt quite grasp what u mean, 
  i realize that . 
  but it was the germans who did the thing . 
  for all i know elderly people of warsaw remember the nazis shooting their little brothers , cousins , sisters etc. 
  it was the germans who told them to move out from warsaw , or send them to forced labor camps .
