  no one else is willing to take any cost so do n't count on any support except verbal from the west . 
  nothing will ever be done , there will be no sanctions even if kiev is nuked . 
  do n't count on any help , it will never come . 
  i love ulster scots , starting - today . 
  ... aaand it 's a language . 
  first , eu is something different than military alliances . 
  second , trust is not something you can just choose , you work through it years and decades . 
  we made the choice , we chose the west some time ago . 
  now we 're working on trust . 
  i 'm rather pessimistic , though , in the case of polish people dealing with their great national vice - distrust . 
  in the best scenario it will take us long long time if we even slightly succeed . 
  doing what choice ? 
  yes , becasue in geopolitics everyone is a master of his own destiny , right ? 
  type it now in elegiac pentameter , coz you seem to like to sound sententious . 
  they do n't exactly treat poland as something irrelevant . 
  i 'd rather say they overlook us cause there 's always something more exciting behind the eastern horizon . 
  i mean , our countries cooperate on many levels , we are quite an important trade partner for germany , we do business but obviously not in strategic areas such as gas . 
  still , everything is fine if we talk about economical exchange . 
  but on the level of culture/national mentality/historical politics , i feel and i think many polish people share this feeling , that germans overlook us and that 's a bad thing . 
  they would love to be able to say that they have some kind of affinity with russians , maybe to recompense for some national characteristics that they lack , maybe to get closer to what they were n't able to conquer in the past , i do n't know . 
  for me it 's like they have us so close but they despise us ( culturally , socially ) and they yearn for the fiery russian souls so far away , but if they actually could touch them , they 'd burn and blister . 
  and that 's what we know and would share if they cared to listen . 
  he never said he doesnt like/hate the us . 
  he was talking about polish people and especially politicians feeling inferior and not being able to face allies as allies , always doing business as supplicants . 
  and he was right . 
  inferiority complex - it us !, 
  we epitomize inferiority complex . 
   russia makes a much better friend than adversary it 's not a rule . 
  the way i understand this part of the conversation is that it should not be felt as a slap on the face by an ally ( but it will be , probably ) . 
  for me it is a very accurate description of how the polish feel about themselves . 
  i do n't think sikorski is anti-american . 
  the majority of the polish people ( stats that i remember but can not quote without doing research and . . meh ) are not anti-american . 
  but we do have an inferiority complex . 
  and so do polish politicians - they love to be fucked in the ass , without even negotiating the price . 
  theres an outrage now about his words , but fuck this shit , why do n't we finally deal with our national paranoias ? 
  it 's a great opportunity !, 
  i think his diagnosis is so true ... not only his , though ... polish people are distrustful towards everyone and they suffer from an acute inferiority complex - these are facts . 
  noticing and verbalizing it should not be felt as a slap on the face . 
  our relations with russia are very complex and very difficult . 
  and germans make many special deals with russia - sometimes polish people have an impression that these deals are made over our heads . 
  not that they are not allowed to do business , even over our heads . 
  but it does n't help the trust . 
  i , personally , ca n't forget about schroeder and nordstream . 
  again , not that he ca n't do business with russians ... 
  many young people in eastern germany whom i know personally are very very sentimental about soviet russia . 
  and they love to forget that there is this space between germany and russia that is called poland ( cause belarus and ukraine are not even independent countries according to some ) . 
  i used to live in a town on the border with germany . 
  so there was this bar on the german side with a funny slogan saying `` the place furthest east before moscow '' . 
  whenever i went past it i was like `` wtf ?!, 
  so we are some kind of a void ?!, 
  not real friends or what ? 
  no civilisation until moscow ? 
  wtf ?!?!?!?! '', 
  unfortunately my later encounters with germans only bolstered the impression that we are lesser friends to them than russians . 
  good relations do not depend on us so much as you might think and as much as we might want . 
  we are extremely distrustful . 
  i dont think we can help it . 
  you cant just start trusting someone because you probably should . 
  and once again , why should we trust germans ? 
  or because comrade latkovskij, 
  if this is in any way commented in the us , no , do n't count on them understanding a figure of speech that has anything to do with blackness . 
  because first it is a sensitive subject in the us , second americans do not understand other cultures , they do not even try . 
  so now the polish are even more racist , yay !, 
  but do we trust the germans :d, 
  ... and this is precisely why . 
  it 's not up to you . 
  and this married couple is 70 and 65 . 
  i almost got all worked up and excited that the whole shit is finally going to end ... ... aaaand then i remembered that it is only a few days before the victory day . 
  so i guess it 's going to be the same like with this easter interval , mleh ... :( :(, 
  mhm , an institute of romanian studies at my university ( warsaw ) is ( or at least used to be some years ago ) a part of a larger department of slavic studies . 
  and cultural relativists are cultural relativists . 
  which is ... worse than gypsies . 
  so if he said that you ca n't dismiss talking about obliterating ukraine from the maps as crazy or not serious enough , i guess ? 
   if your sources are correct . 
  and if the sources are correct ? 
  nothing of what you said before `` so yes ... '' leads to the conclusion that ukraine should be weak to eu 's benefit , in my understanding . 
  you seem to be saying quite the contrary . 
  especially this : * if a recession hit ukraine while in the eu sometime in the future there is no way of knowing the country would n't turn to russia for help or shelter . 
  * --  * so yes , i think eu does want a weak ukraine [ ... ] * for me , if ukraine is weak = eu does not want it . 
  eu has to do something now , even if very reluctantly , because the first antagonistic step has been taken by someone else . 
  and because some time ago ( actually long time ago ) there were talks and programs with ukraine to let it in , eu ca n't just say we dont want you anymore , as much as eu would like to say it . 
  that 's the feeling im getting abt the eu in this situation . 
  you seem to think that eu is fighting to incorporate ukraine ( the same way russia is ) . 
  one thing from your previous comments leads to your final conclusion , and its the following line : `` a subserviant ally they can drain economically '' . 
  but on the other hand , from the eu perspective , it 's the poor , weak and unpredictable countries that drain the eu , not the other way around . 
  you cant drain poor countries too much , you 'll have to finally let their unemlpoyed in your country , let them work legally and let them get the benefits etc , then you have this political problem with anti-immigration etc. , in the beginning they cant contribute fiscally so much to the common economy , so really ... 
  i can not see too much business here . 
  i think you expect me to read between the lines - your comment does not explain why the european union would want ukraine to be weak . 
  and weak in what respect . 
  eu does not want economically weak ukraine . 
  neither as a candidate for its member , nor as its member , nor as a buffer state . 
  if ukraine becomes a part of eau , eu wo n't care much if the country is economically weak or strong . 
  i have an impression that there 's no such thing as `` ue wants , does , thinks ... '' - as a whole . 
  eu had n't played any kind of hand in ukraine since the orange revolution . 
  ukraine has been drifting towards russia for the last 9 years despite the eastern partnership program as only a couple of weak countries like my own seemed to care ( even if only just a tiny bit ) . 
  eu would rather lose ukraine if it were to happen silently and without military actions . 
  eu 's actions towards ukraine have been very inconsistent , i 'm afraid . 
  far from what you describe to sound like eu has been plotting to wrestle ukraine from well-meaning russia 's loving arms . 
  edit : corrected my abbreviations , 
  `` you do n't understand , george , that ukraine is not even a state .
