  sad but well ... thats how youll become even more xenophopic :(, 
  only you cant change her because of a binding contract and according to your ceo she smells like flowers, 
  my experience tells me otherwise about the reputation we have around the world , not only english speaking and not only on the internet . 
  simplistic doesnt mean stupid . 
  it means not complicated . 
  its not offensive , unlike stupid . 
  mr duda has been chosen in fair democratic election for an office that is representative of the polish people as a nation , unlike mr putin or mr \u0141ukaszenko , so the analogy just doesnt work here . 
  i 'd say a baker can contribute more to the well being of the people than a president but hes not a representative official of the whole big ass community just as a president is . 
  if you like more down to earth analogies , well lets say a brand of cosmetics gets an ambassador to show up at events , be on bilboards and be the face of the brand . 
  and then some brand managers repeat in public plenty of times yo that bitch ugly as fuck and smells of stale cheese , i didnt choose her , the other guy did and hes most likely a bit of a retard or she sucked his dick thatd be very very bad i really feel i already defended mr duda too much , not having voted for him and being in total opposition to almost all of his ideas about anytjing . 
  still . 
  the rest of the polish people chose him and hes our president . 
  and hes probably not stupid . 
  why, 
  nobody is hiding anything . 
  polish reputation is fucked up and were known for shitting at our own people and cukture . 
  its not right . 
  its just not the right thing to do . 
  calling ideas that other people in a democratic country have just plain stupid because theyre different than yours is a very low and simplistic thing to do - and i feel that with your appreciation for more liberal thinking you might want to be more honest with yourself - as a liberal you have to allow people to have different opinions and not get too frustrated with them . 
  being a president is not just a job . 
  but yeah . . thats probably why we have the kind of politicians that we have because people think theres nothing special abt it , just money and some jobs to do , or not do . 
  i agree with your criticism of our society . 
  but people are entitled to have opinions and ideas abt the world and the fact that theyre different than mine doesnt mean theyre stupid . 
  its just sad that the liberals or people on the left side got so lazy and so comfy that they wait for stuff to be done for them - calling conservative ppl stupid is not going to change a thing . 
  i actually hope that dudas one term presidency will piss off and activate people to do some grassroot work and be more politically active . 
  this doesnt work like u planned it to work, 
  do you understand the concept of being able and being unable to afford stuff ? 
  its really a very simple concept . 
  do you need some explanation ? 
  wow what a piece of human crap you are , 
  wtf thats not what hes saying . 
  just answer the question . 
  itd be very interesting to know the criteria, 
  why would you be vindictive ? 
  you want to be like them ? 
  a president of a country is not just some person like an accountant is . 
  its a public office of a higher rank . 
  he represents us . 
  you may think whatever you want , but calling the president of your own country stupid is like ... calling half of the population stupid . 
  you like him or not , hes our president , yours too . 
  please , go ahead , criticize his actions , decisions and their results but calling the symbolical head of a state is ... its just lack of respect for your own country and the citizens who chose him . 
  aaaand bolstering poland 's bad reputation ... 
  to show your respect for the office , as you should , being a citizen of the country . 
  i mean , hes not exempt from criticism . 
  but calling him stupid ? 
  very low . 
  i dont like him either but why would i call him stupid in public , hes mr. president to me, 
  still , he 's your president so dont call him stupid . 
  wtf are you talking about, 
  from polish perspective - the west loves you, 
  truly , the west loved you dearly before crimea , and after that they just love you , so youre just buying the entrenchment propaganda from your authorities , thats all, 
  hostile ? 
  hostile countries ? 
  lol kay, 
  never said its pretty . 
  but its not ugly, 
  being born here doesnt mean much when it comes to calling this great city `` ugly '' . 
  it is what it is and i dont know how much you saw around the world , but this city isnt ugly . 
  you people are ugly . 
  i came here 15 years ago and live here since then , and its ** not ** ugly . 
  your tastes are just boring and common , thats all . 
  you are kind of ugly, 
  by the way , why do you want to help everybody ? 
  and how do you think you can do it without harming yourself ? 
  how come ? 
  i knew ud say that . 
  it so fucking obvious this argument would show up . 
  of course i know that . 
  its hard to forget  and i agree that not all of them should be there , or in the uk or denmark or norway . 
  and honestly , yes its true abt polish ppl . 
  many drink and many have been criminals in pl . 
  an sth abt 99 % drive like idiots . 
  ill never ever defend polish drivers . 
  because we cant afford them in europe anymore . 
  time for other regions to start feeling charitable . 
  people arent stupid . 
  you cant make them want to accept more guests than it is possible, 
  theyre supposed to neutralize him in my country which means shoot his legs , not kill on the spot, 
  you watch too many movies and play too many games , kid . 
  good, 
  but its international , the seat is just there . 
  thats a cause for hating the dutch ? 
  why is nl assholes ? 
  so they are not opposed but still they dont use it ? 
  interesting, 
  yes , with electricity its actually hard to fuck up and stunning by beating should obviously be forbidden . 
  and i assume that ultimately most of the slaughterhouses will be controlled and the stunning tools will go thru checkups to achieve as high level of effectiveness as possible - all according to national and union directives . 
  religions have no directives , no control institutions that would take care of animals painless death . 
  so yes , one small step after another , i think that modern methods are or are becoming much more humane than archaic ones . 
  if its not screwed up and the first cut is effective . 
  which requires mastery . 
  which is not common, 
  its not one-off event for all i know . 
  europe produces halal/kosher meat for export to muslim countries and the occurance of halal slaughtering is rather on an indistrial scale rather than once a year . 
  plus its not true that slaughter houses arent controlled . 
  they are . 
  i hope killing animals without stunning will be highly penalized in my country and all over europe . 
  it 's important . 
  but the changes are very slow . 
  yep .
