i do n't think blok would be your objective storyteller ... 
  hahaha you french ppl are soooo particular about your mother tongue :d but i love your idea !!, 
  it should be like that everywhere here . 
  ... after second thought , omg , too much translating , so maybe ... not . 
  there are new pisiory hatching everywhere , so dont be too hopeful for a pisless poland . 
  no way jose . 
  yeah , it 's actually amazing how well the propaganda worked ( and still does ) . 
  when i ask my grandma why poles were so poor and why the store shelves were always empty , she tells me that everything that was produced in poland was sent to russia . 
  when i ask russians a similar question , they say , yeah , shelves in russia were empty coz everything was sent to poland . 
  so where did it all kurwa go ? 
  we went all insane because it was a really unbelievable game . 
  we never win :d, 
  they are all silly . 
  italian wine is the best . 
  no , thank you very much . 
  buhahahaha oooh really , probably the poll was conducted only among wprost readers . 
  you know very well it 's not just rememberance . 
  sure we should n't . 
  but you sound so zealous about your mission it 's almost funny . 
  i would n't mind though if something ate up polish hooligans . 
  youre so excited about your studies i guess :d you realize youre the self-hating middle class individual ? 
  it 's a great and beautiful country but you ca n't simply live here . 
  it 's impossible . 
  meh , they are all broken anyway ... 
  buahahahahahahah :d good one, 
  stupid kuce all over the place, 
  not yet , right ? 
  lol, 
  fuck you , 
  omg you have a city that is called anthracite !!!, 
  we do n't have to do circles , it 's counterproductive and very tiring . 
  i 'm tired :d, 
  i think it would fail but maybe it 's worth a try . 
  i posted critically many times about putin and my hatred towards the guy has escalated really quickly and i still can say that i hate him . 
  i also read and heard on youtube what `` avarage '' russians say about the west , sanctions or even poland , the baltics and other russian neighbors and i didnt like it , i have to say . 
  but maybe it 's just a tiny little part of the reality , right ? 
  i am very scared of what is going on , but i ca n't say i am a russia hater . 
  i dont want to be . 
  maybe there are people like myself who would like to read something else for a change . 
  and maybe they would like to restrain from ranting :d maybe . 
  i dont know . 
  i dont count on it too much , though . 
  yes , well , so im learning photoshop and i tried to make a fuzzy malta for you but i wont share coz it looks obscene . 
  you should be ashamed for suggesting this !, 
  impostor !, 
  youre not french !, 
  but ... do you like ... frogs ? 
  wait , what , the frog eating thing ? 
  that was a good one :d feeling inadequate in the west - tell me about it  i think i would definitely like a thread like this on / r/europe where trolls would be ignored and there would be no teeth-baring at one another - from both sides . 
  i wonder though if it is even possible now :( there are fewer ukraine related posts now , a tiny bit fewer , but still , its all so uniform and hopeless . 
  i have to admit i feel bad and angry at myself that i got sucked into the `` debate '' , its not a debate at all , its just ... getting more hostile and frustrated , and for what ? 
  it 's awful . 
  mhm , thats some tactics !, 
  i need to read about it :d, 
  yes , guys , i was just thinking ... 
  i wanted to pm you actually . 
  can you help me with something ? 
  im serious , maybe a new thread is needed here . 
  i mean - id really like to come back to those times when i am not scared shitless by the russians and appreciate the beautiful people and culture and diversity . 
  can you provide some links where we could read about positive , nice non-propaganda but authentic russian stuff ? 
  i feel that myself i got too much into the ukraine vs russia news and i hate it . 
  id love to read abt something ... good . 
  and that the russian people dont hate us and dont want to wipe poland off the map . 
  do you think there are such things to read on the internet ? 
  mhm , dubrownik , beautiful sights , great vacation time deals better than anywhere else , no same sex marriage but still better than in poland ? 
  no , you were mean . 
  `` you 're poor as fuck '' as opposed to `` we are poor as fuck ( not generally true ) '' is mean . 
  why so mean ? 
  come on , it 's like a legend even among the danish !, 
   2 people died in the process . 
  o_o nooo waaay edit : wow , really !, 
  :d yes !, 
  wow , 
  oh towers will be here alright , but i think americanization is something that goes deeper . 
  next time youre here look at all the places that are not in the strict city center . 
  theres no way theyll get americanized  im actually happy because warsaw is getting uhm warsawized , 
  no , never :d why would it be ? 
  true , and theres been so many new cafes and restaurants openings over the last 3-4 years . 
  when i first moved in here , it was an old peoples neighborhood , now its been changing quickly . 
  and we have all those parks and stuff  i really like it here . 
  no , its in powi\u015ble , 
  i 've got this monstrosity right in front of my flat . 
  aaaaaand it makes sounds regularly . 
  [ somewhere in warsaw , poland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ouu1kfh ), 
  oh youre enjoying trolling soooo much  thats fine !, 
  enjoy !, 
  name 5 policies of your government that you support and explain why . 
  i 'm curious . 
  coz ive heard only the best of things abt you and now this . 
  ok , i reread what you said and well ... ive been responding to someone else all along :d so my apologies to you !, 
  note to self ( important ) : should stop mixing up people on reddit threads, 
  itd be a great thing if you could just get some hot cocoa and go straight to bed . 
  itd do you good, 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's like ... you have this distorted image of the world , you know . 
  when was the last time you checked what 's going on in ukraine , where ukraine is on the map , what countries are members of the eu . 
  did you know that the eu is not like ... you know ... 
  yes , this . 
  kinda ... shit cunt . 
  well .
