  i 'm not arguing who was worse . 
  in northern poland my great grandmother was raped by the red army soldiers ( about which repeated event i learned exactly today by the way ... ) , in warsaw my grandpas teenage cousin ( and other boys from the neighborhood ) was shot by german soldiers . 
  all i 'm saying is that the varsavians would n't exactly say that the germans were a better occupant . 
  well , maybe , just maybe because the germans brought total destruction to the city and burnt it to the ground ? 
  you might not have known ( which i doubt ) but : http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zbrodnie_niemieckie_w_powstaniu_warszawskim just one example for the english speaking . 
  this one was the biggest , but things like that went on in each neighborhood . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wola_massacre neither the russian nor the german occupants were good people . 
  well , dont say that next time you 're in warsaw . 
  my grandma said the same thing . 
  they did n't have to run away from the germans because they allowed them to live and function . 
  they took their things but in general left them alone . 
  and when the red army came to liberate them from the germans , well , her family had to go away , leave their house etc. 
  she told me she remembers one thing most , when they were moving out from their house and packed some stuff , among other things an uhmmm . . eiderdown for her little baby sister . 
  a russian guy whod stay in their house took the eiderdown thingy , took off his pants and took a shit on it right in front of them , without saying anything . 
  plus they kept pigs inside the house . 
  edit : i just called my granny to confirm ... wow ... and she told me for the first time that my great grandma was raped a couple of times by the red army people and that they kept my grandma at the gunpoint because she cried too much . 
  i never knew that . 
  yeah , well ... there was so much more behind the eiderdown story . 
  that was easy, 
  yes . 
  exactly, 
  both posts were by doncuneo . 
  something tells me he likes to put a wedge between people . 
  doncuneo is trying to be such a wedge ... 
  the rich never lose too much in wars . 
  if anything , they become richer . 
  unless ... revolution !, 
  not really, 
  hey guys , that 's not true !, 
  you make us look bad :d, 
   the world would already be 100 % rus oh my , but what do you mean ? 
  meh , its all theater ... 
  lol , no fucking way :d why ? 
  why why why ? 
   llanfairpwllgwyngyll i thought that maybe it 's at least nicely pronounced ... buuuhahahaha http://pl.forvo.com/word/llanfairpwllgwyngyll/ beautiful language :d, 
  well , to be honest , polish-romanian relationships are not the ones that have been in any way highlighted in the news or newspapers . 
  neither has been the anti-corruptive drive :( i 'd really like to see more interest in the regional politics among people . 
  except russia . 
  i 'd like to see less of that on tv etc. 
  as for me , well  i have to visit romania !, 
  you feelin alright in the head , buddy ? 
  korwinizm is a plague in polish high school male populations . 
  korwinista is someone who follows janusz korwin-mikke http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janusz_korwin-mikke i 'm ashamed he 's polish . 
  yes , your health is a public matter . 
  especially when it comes to very infectious diseases . 
  i think you are immoral . 
  have you heard about public health ? 
  i hear `` americans did it first so russians are allowed to do it too '' and i swear i will throw up . 
  sweet , who did this ? 
  checked . 
  they also did polish version of breaking bad ;p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29y2daeeryu, 
  :d great !, 
  well , there 's always videoconferencing , right ? 
  it 's like you do n't even read what the guy said ... 
  yes . 
  it is palpable and obvious if you look around . 
  you do n't even have to be particularly perceptive . 
  it 's not just facebook but real life , space and people around you . 
  i visit my small mothertown in poland from time to time and every fucking time i see changes . 
  it 's terrible . 
  - `` patriotic '' marches in defence of christian polish values - anti-immigrant march ( as if anybody would even consider poland as a target country ; plus the town is abt 30 000 in population , bitch please ) - onr and other white power stickers and posters all over the town - a kid was beaten up by schoolmates because he 's dark skinned - i personally heard kids calling each other `` you fuckin allahu akbar '' or `` you piece of shit arab '' on a school break not to mention what people say in private conversations . 
  one really needs to be daft not to see this national paranoia . 
  i do n't understand this result , its bullshit . 
  they must have polled the most daft ones ... 
  i 'm very disappointed . 
  30 % and the referendum is binding ? 
  lol thats fucking ridiculous . 
  its like saying hey all the nutjobs and radicals , have a go !, 
  i dont care about the children that have already been taken care . 
  think about others , you egoist . 
  i have a question for you , you are apparently a very good person who cherishes life . 
  how many down syndrom kids have you adopted ? 
  i mean , you know , the real kids , those whose parents didnt want to keep . 
  the real living children who happen to actually already exist and feel and suffer ? 
  did you adopt any already ? 
  if not yet , i 'm waiting for your eager and honest declaration that you will do everything to personally take care of as many of them as possible . 
  i 'm just doing the same thing youre doing to your interlocutors here . 
  i 'm parroting you . 
  so ask yourself a question - are you serious ? 
  yes , christianity is basically focused on killing women , then . 
  by the way , you lack basic knowledge about any single thing to participate in any doscussion so why dont you just stop using this forum . 
  like for example where dont they work ? 
   democracy is just a tyranny of the majority you are a very limited human being, 
  too extreme ? 
  and the fucking law project isnt too extreme ? 
  i personally know people who voted for pis and now are participating in those protests . 
  and , anticipating a question , no , i have no idea how that is possible they did not expect it . 
  and no , i do not know what is wrong with those poeple . 
  this is certainly not most extremely violent, 
  i 'm sorry , but could you show some data to support the `` amongst the most violent '' part of your statement ? 
  i realize that poland is in popular opinion the hotbed of right wing bigotry , but is there really any grounding in reality for `` most violent right wing extremists '' fame ? 
  i do not think so . 
  we have a terrible right wing , bigoted , woman-hating , nature destructing , history-rewriting , vatican-dick-sucking government that i highly despise , but we certainly do not have the most violent extremists , really . 
  oh i wish theyd fuck off out of germany . 
  then maybe youd finally learn what reality is , 
  a to sory . 
  why dont you all just fucking get your ideology out of the womens vaginas ? 
  then maybe you should stop drinking, 
  yes but politicians dont care about this form of protest . 
  they only react when they feel threatened .
