  they won . 
  and it 's all just playing on emotions now , escalating . 
  terrible . 
  to what extent the asylum seekers should be allowed liberty to choose where/which eu country to seek asylum ? 
  why do you think there are so few applications by the recent asylum seekers to ee countries ( except of course as we all know that ee countries are super racist ) ? 
  if relocation had to be forced and an asylum seeker would still refuse to go to an ee country , do you think such a person should lose the asylum seeker status ? 
  if so , why ? 
  is n't that person in need of asylum anymore even if his or her country of origin is a warzone ? 
  i think i asked you those questions already but i 'm curious if anything changed . 
   a field which is going through a replication crisis as we speak , finding that none of its prized findings ( like `` stereotype threat '' ) actually replicate . 
  could you say something more about that or point me to a good website or another source to reads about it ? 
  i think it is more like `` we do n't want you here because you are coming too fast in too big and uncontrollable numbers and we do not have means to properly check who you are and if you are actually entitled to asylum and we still have those things that are called borders and they are there for a reason '' but yes . 
  the voice of the populus is more like we do n't want those islamic terrorists !, 
  why ? 
  oh you 're actually from hungary ? 
  i never paid attention to your flag but i notice your comments on this sub and find them always very much all-western-liberal-things-apologetic , ** but maybe i only notice those and it 's my mistake . 
  ** my impression is that you identify with values represented here by other users such as doldenberg , slyratchet etc. 
  which is completely alright , i just mind those people being hypocritical about grouping people and at the same time calling other people out on generalizations while they commit them themselves . 
  we all do it . 
  it 's easier this way . 
  the problem is that some groupings are deemed racist by them and some are deemed totally okay , when from my point of view saying all muslims are terrorists is as idiotic as saying you all polish people just want free money . 
  or you all ee people . 
  thats a big generalization !, 
  i 'm not sure if we , as you say ee countries , are totally dependent on subsidizing from eu . 
  that 's debatable . 
  i 'm sure it helps us a lot and i 'm grateful for that . 
  i also think that maybe free market and open borders are much more important than that . 
  being politically intertwined with the west is also much better than being completely dependent on the big eastern neighbor . 
  your comment looked to me like you were just pointing out `` you 're just poor and need the money so suck it up and shut your trap '' . 
  you want to say you never meant it like that ? 
  i do n't have a persecution complex . 
  i just would like serious people to take the members of the legendary ee grouping seriously and without hypocrisy . 
  i am a female so please do n't make me a default internet male . 
  i realize you did n't have to know that . 
  just do n't call me `` dude '' if you care to continue this conversation . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't understand your question about generalization . 
  i mean , i get that you ask me where i see the generalization but then when you elaborate , i lose my grasp  if this is sufficient : i see generalizing ee on this issue ( dependency on subsidizing ) as not so ... well thought through and more like snapping at somebody for saying idiotic thing like `` we have to leave then !, 
  rather than sth substantial . 
  well i hope we wo n't . 
  apart from the `` free '' money the eu is a good thing . 
  it 's terribly saddening to read comments like yours . 
  you know shit about my country , dont bother to inform yourself and you write in a tone of hauteur . 
  like you forgot why were getting `` free '' money and why it is good for you too the we 're getting it . 
  plus i can never get it with you guys . 
  for some reason when somebody says ` muslims or mena people are this and that ' you say generalization !, 
  racism !, 
  discrimination !, 
  but when you say you polish people or you ee countries its somehow super fine . 
  thanks for being just and honest and not hypocritical at all . 
  like ... i didnt mean it . 
  ah , that 's right !, 
  though they do n't really stay in poland ... 
   about 10k applications we ... get asylum seekers from russia ?!, 
  harry potter veela ? 
  shit country ? 
  o_o til, 
  what do you mean ? 
  for shit 's sake , really ?!, 
  this ? 
  excuse me ? 
  why do n't men wear burkini then ? 
  was that mentioned ? 
  that 's because you are a western european . 
  pls somebody explain !, 
  yes , and they age , they age real quick , it 's a matter of minutes that they are stark naked and about 70 year old . 
  do n't worry , i drew a sausage . 
  with flies around . 
  a sausage with flies around ... that 's why i 'm doing a google street view of the whole japan now !!!!, 
  thank you reddit, 
  yeah and good old road accidents and casualties that we excel in , yeah, 
  what a fucking waste of my evening and stress . 
  a fucking staged coup , erdogan descending from the heavens , in beams of glory and victory to be greeted by his loyal allahu akhbar flock that loves him so mich that theyll go lie before the tanks . 
  what a bunch of lies . 
  im taking this jiff , thank you . 
  so you consider that response proper ? 
  made me cry . 
  why the fuck is this happening . 
  i really feel sorry for you 48 % of people who voted remain . 
  it 's a terrible situation for everybody , the eu and the remain people . 
  apart from all the economic repercussions , i have no idea how your nation is going to deal with such an internal split . 
  we have a more or less 50-50 split in poland too ( conservative/liberal ) and we 're fucked , completely divided . 
  it 's awful to see other people suffer like this , and even more now because nobody knows what will happen . 
  i 'm sorry , i hope everything will turn out ok for you guys . 
  sorry , your opinion is no longer worth as much as ours . 
  poland is n't going anywhere by the way . 
  i feel sorry for your frustration and pain but really come back to talk with people when you get to grips with what the lumpenproletariat of your country just did to you . 
  no no no no no no no , no , no , it wont happen . 
  it wont happen . 
  it 'll fucking happen . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 !, 
  ser koryci\u0144ski is also pretty amazing . 
  just sayin . 
  this guy is not speaking for all the poles . 
  the only besieged stronghold in poland is pis and their idea of true patriotism . 
  well , one has to wonder how big a pile of human flesh should be to counter nukes ... poland ... my country . 
  so sad :(, 
  that sould be a different referendum, 
  could you ... uhmmm ... prove it ? 
  we gon na stab you with butter knives !, 
  roaaarrr !,
