  it was n't what, 
  could you describe how this could be done ? 
  serious question . 
  so there 's only `` and '' left ? 
  in sports . 
  [ unacceptable !!!!!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07so_ljqyqw ) i google imaged el-katwhatever and imagined . 
  it was good . 
  very pluralistic !, 
  i do n't understand why youre getting downvoted . 
  i do n't agree with you but i think what youre saying is reasonable . 
  however , theres sth like the letter of the law versus the spirit of the law . 
  i do n't think our democratic lawmakers expected the situation that we have ( or rather you in the west have ) and they meant to protect innocent people who were persecuted but harmless themselves . 
  honestly , who in their right mind would have ever thought that someone like this guy would like to live in a country like denmark and make it a caliphate ? 
  i do n't think your liberal societies are ready for this . 
  it 's both sad and interesting to watch though . 
  he seems to be russian , if his flair is right, 
  thousands and thousands of people live lives without renting , bank accounts , legal jobs , medical care and having kids . 
  even people from poorer eu countries can be involved in `` illegal '' living in the west . 
  human trafficking , slave labor and prostitution are just the most horrible phenomena , but there are also `` less '' horrible ways of living under the radar . 
  they are just anecdotal material , nothing i can prove . 
  one story is a rape story , one is human trafficking ( failed fortunately ) and one is drug dealing related - all people concerned are my acquaintances or friends ( and two of them are not criminals , just normal people ) - all show how people who decide to live outside of the system ( and yes living outside the system exists , which for some westerners seems unbelievable ) are basically screwed . 
  but i do n't remember details and would have to contact those ppl to get more `` meat '' , and that 'd be uhmmm i would n't feel comfortable doing that . 
  and these things did n't happen in germany but spain , greece and uk . 
  okay , hello automatic thread !, 
  i hope someone will come here today coz i have a real deal for you guys !, 
  ;d [ polish soups ] ( http://www.tastingpoland.com/food/polish_food_soups.html ) aaaaand my favourite polish soup is ...  ukrainian borscht !, 
  [ here 's the recipe ] ( http://www.tastingpoland.com/food/recipes/ukrainian_borscht_1.html ) god i love ukrainian borscht ... 
  my friend got a job via skype in germany , illegaly - i know , very risky , but some people just risk it . 
  i would n't do it , she did . 
  she did n't spend the whole week there and she was being encouraged to prostitute herself by a middle eastern immigrant that turned out to be her boss ( it was an industrial laundry or something like this ) . 
  she ran away , unlike several other girls from poland , russia and some other eastern countries . 
  some just worked in the laundry and some became mhm ... 
  i do n't know the name for it . 
  mhmmm ... dependant on their boss . 
  and lived there , outside of the system for months and years . 
  this is not the only story that i know of but others are too hardcore for this place . 
  it 's not conspiracy . 
  it 's reality , it 's just that some people are more protected and some people are less protected from reality . 
  i think polish people will schaffen das , but in real ( not like germany is right now ) . 
  i 'm also scared shitless about what 's going to happen , especially with mr. macierewicz as the head of the defence ministry , but i think polish people will turn out just fine . 
  maybe i 'm just trying to calm down my inner hysteria , but i want to believe that it 's going to be okay anyway . 
  everyone does it , not only leftists . 
  i voted leftist and totally opposite to pis . 
  but when i hear bullshit like this i just gasp . 
  it 's amazing . 
  it 's amazing how little our western `` partners '' know about us . 
  amazing, 
  so i guess it 's all about eye for an eye and tooth for a tooth . 
  if my people do this to some of the germans , some of the germans can do this to me . 
  tit for tat . 
  good thing i still remember some bible quotes . 
  i 'm gon na need them in our new reality ... kurwa ... 
  why would i call german nation stupid ? 
  why would any of my friends do this ? 
  in many respects i admire the german people , even if recently i tend to observe the course of events with some disbelief . 
  the most `` offensive '' thing i said about any german person was that merkel is in denial and that hitler was insane . 
  and you , unaware of your own hypocrisy , do the exact the same thing to me now , by pointing out that some polish `` we '' do it . 
  law and justice is the opposite of my very own . 
  you are not whiny , you just call people racist in return . 
  i would n't say that calling an entire nation names qualifies as opinion . 
  it 's a totally different thing when a polish person says sth like this in the company of friends or family than when a german journalist stationed in poland says sth like this on twitter . 
  i was pissed last night and i said exactly the same thing on my facebook wall . 
  but meh . 
  i can do this . 
  he cant and id gladly kick his ass for saying that . 
  maybe the fucker just feels a bit too welcome here . 
  yes yes , kick the dying , 
  thanks , i need to calm down . 
  right now i feel like spreading death and destruction : ^, 
  yes ... but it 's a kick in the face to turn on the tv and see and hear kaczynski ... in this role ... 
  unbearable . 
  effectively , i 'll stop watching tv and reading the news . 
  good for me . 
  i cant type , my hands are shaking from anger . 
  why ? 
  because poland will become a catholic iran . 
  without oil . 
  i knew this was coming . 
  but it 's terrible , terrible . 
  terrible . 
  ~ ~ you called them commie tumblr and then you said you guess it 's something like `` hurr capitalism is bad everyone except white heterosexual men is oppresed durr '' so yes , i think it is your opinion . ~ ~ edit : sorry , different user, 
  if you were an honest person , instead of instantly labeling the party you 'd read about it and read their program at least . 
  whats more , if you were honest , you would not use cliche bullshit like you just did . 
  what ????? 
  i sent it to my boyfriend and two friends via fb . 
  wtf really, 
  some people see irony , some do n't . 
  i 'm glad i could make you feel content, 
  i 'm not saying i find this comparison 100 % adequate , but the situation reminds me a bit of the blind leading the blind . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think such an exchange of experiences by different countries and minicipalities may turn out very fruitful but it does n't seem probable that we have an expert in europe on how to fight ghettoization . 
  i expect now that you will point out how poverty driven robbery is something totally different than radicalization . 
  in my defense i can only say that both rarely occur in a void . 
  i read the text and i even shared it with my friends . 
  i 'm still curious what nonexistant statement i saw in your reply . 
  what did i assume , do you think ? 
  i do find the story a bit ironic though . 
  what statement did i see that was not there ? 
  i was once watching some news on polish tv and there was a report on wwii celebrations in arnhem . 
  and the voiceover started `` today , in the small town of arnhem ... '' :d i know , silly of them and i love arnhem , but teasing my boyfriend with the little town of arnhem feels sooo good,
