  uhm . 
   why would i blame the truck driver who took meth and saw a truck in his lane after being awake for 4 days and drove onto us to dodge the non-existant truck and only i miraclily survived out of the car filled with 3 kids and my wife . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  jesus christ , youre crazy :d, 
  are you guys all like nyyriri ? 
   sanction russia for keeping his vassal in the leash you might want to go fuck yourself, 
  this, 
  wait wait wait , europe . . suffering because sanctions ... caused by a conflict on the european continent and the us is to be blames ? 
  what ? 
  once again ... russia aggressive towards ukraine , american sanctions , european sanctions , europe suffers , america - blame ? 
  no , again ... 
  so putin is putin and he will invade ukraine . 
  no problem ? 
  ukraine has nothing to do with you ? 
  for some reason i have an impression that your nickname is very inappropriate, 
  oh no , it means that he 'll be lucky now . 
  ( he must have been pooped on by birds couple of times before ... eh ... ), 
  really , not bad at all !, 
  that 's what the us would do , not putin :d that 'd be a very crude strategy with no time for reconnaisance of the situation and possibilities . 
  in the blackest part of my mind i think that this is what he 's doing - checking and adjusting . 
  but i 'll gladly correct each of my comments on reddit if this is not true and if the support of the rebels in eastern ukraine will end , i can even say i 'm sorry !, 
  why are you talking about such long past history ? 
  katyn victims were n't 17th century szlachta , they were the new people of the reform time , they were supposed to be better but they perished . 
  anyway , i explained why i think katy\u0144 matters to the polish . 
  whether their supposed virtues would survive throughout generations , i do n't know . 
  there are values that you have to learn form scratch - being a new generation , they ca n't be simply transmitted . 
  so i do n't fully agree with the theory that if the katy\u0144 officers had n't been killed we would have better elites now . 
  but there are people who believe this and they have the right to believe what they want . 
  scientists and specialists are elites , too . 
  intellectual elites are needed i do n't think you can deny it . 
  elites are not the roaring twenties ladies drinking cocktails at wild parties but those who are in the position of authority - not always formal . 
  ( there 's also a surge in polish hardcore nationalism too , but they re still like 5 % of the population , it 's not mainstream , even though they take a lot too much tv time ), 
  ok i just grasped the meaning of your question . 
  well , i would say katyn matters to the families who lost their people - it was n't so long ago . 
  and many people claimed poland lost its elites in katyn . 
  look at poland now , our elites soooo miserable i would love not to believe in the `` history politics '' that some of our more conservative politicians practice but past seems to unfortunately repeat itself whether i want it or not . 
  why do n't the rebels withdraw ? 
  it works both ways . 
  anyway , now it is much too late . 
  i do n't think anyone will believe any results of any investigation now . 
  it 'll come down , once again , to what the west says versus what russia says . 
  utter confusion and escalation of enmity . 
  i say there 's no way there will be any investigation that will lead into any believable conclusion on either side . 
  ukrainian army should stop moving on their own territory ? 
  what about it ? 
  and which one are you talking about - as 1/3 of polish population might ask ? 
  ( i never believed the tupolev crash was a murder and was perpetrated , but i 'm kinda revisiting the possibilities now , after what happened last week ) do you deny that there is a huge surge in russian nationalism recently ? 
  have an upvote then !, 
  it funny , come on !, 
   not so drunk it 's going to take seventeen years off my lifespan . 
  good one :d, 
  are you serious ? 
  you answer to this ? 
  does it even matter now ? 
  better tell us something about russian mentality . 
  or maybe you just did by referring to napoleon ... 
  how do you imagine an investigation should proceed on rebel-occupied soil ? 
  serious question . 
  what makes you think he does n't ? 
  i sure hope he doesnt want wwiii but if the escalation does n't stop now all his actions point in one direction . 
  its the europeans who dont want another war . 
  it all looks like that 's what he wants , though . 
  and history knows wars which made rich people even richer and powerful even more powerful . 
  to start world war iii ? 
  i guess thats what mister putin is waiting for . 
  really ? 
  i hope there will appear a wise man in europe who will see through this whole game and will take all the necessary and possible steps . 
  im so silly . 
  but seriously i really believe that situation where nothing happens because europe is confused and theres always someone who undermines joint actions is what we have and will have . 
  so tell me how can putin 's position be worsened when the west is inert and will never be sure what actually happened ? 
  actually , he 'd be in a position of more power . 
  edit : what do you think will be the results of the investigation ? 
  what will for example france say if the only proof that the separatists were the perpetrators comes from the us intelligence ? 
  i imagine they will say `` american intelligence said there were weapons of mass destruction in iraq '', 
  when i say that nothing will happen and the west will do nothing i mean `` on the level of the game that putin is playing '' . 
  i 'm not sure if giving people money and military equipment is always the right thing to do , it proved many times to be detrimental . 
  i do n't know about the ukraine . 
  and even if the separatists are eventually pushed east or even annihilated , does n't matter . 
  i believe putin knows what he 's doing and that he 's playing a long planned and long term scenario . 
  the problem is nobody in europe is prepared for it , thus , they are playing a different game . 
  they wo n't go further because they do n't know where to . 
  yes . 
  he knows that nobody will do anything because nobody can . 
  this is just saying : look , i can do this . 
  you wont be able to punish me and i 'll still have the russian people following me blindly . 
  this is psychological war , very effective . 
  i dont think you understand putin . 
  he ` stretching the boundaries , it 's strategic . 
  for you the plane crash is an atrocity , for him a round of chess . 
  guys , open your eyes ... 
  yes and how does it make putin stop destabilizing ukraine ? 
  have there been any sanctions yet ? 
  and i heard in denmark too, 
  nothing will happen . 
  turmoil in eastern ukraine will go on , west wo n't budge , will be sorry that so many dutch perished but wo n't dare to accuse . 
  there will be no results of the investigation . 
  we will never be sure what happened . 
  there probably is no more material evidence any more . 
  poor families ...
