  cesky krumlov and olomouc in czech republic are both very nice . 
  they both have some tourism though : /, 
  say what you want about uber , but it has really made my life so much better since it came to prague . 
  i use it all the time and have yet to have a bad experience . 
  it 's definitely upsate new york and it 's a nice area . 
  do n't let the people from north or west of albany try to tell you otherwise, 
  can i ask where ? 
  i grew up in a small town called rhinebeck if you 've heard of it ? 
  i lived in upstate new york for 15 years . 
  have you visited before or lived there ? 
  can i ask why ? 
  i lived in philly for a few years and while it 's an alright city , there is nothing imo so great about it . 
  big time ... im foreign and ugly and i get asked out all the time even though i have a gf, 
  most of my friends here in prague are using tinder . 
  i 'm assuming it 's mostly just girls who are trying to get foreign guys who are on it though, 
  baseball is good for putting on the tv with some friends and just shooting the shit and drinking beer . 
  it is boring but it 's more of a background thing so you can hang out with people while it 's going on . 
  my only response that this is an american made website full of young americans . 
  most of them have n't left the usa before and do n't have much experience so they just complain that they are being oppressed . 
  i truly think america is improving , i mean we are legalizing pot and are finally allowing gays to get married in every state . 
  america is also following a trend of becoming safer every year . 
  there are tons of problems but reddit is just an echo chamber of the same problems, 
  what 's wrong with being neighbors of america ? 
  we are like the drunk creepy uncle that everybody has, 
  i didnt mean it that amount of money was average , i just meant that even poor people that `` make it out of the hood '' are always treated as if they think they are better then the people that could not . 
  that could even be somebody who went from being completely unemployed to just being a bus driver who has health insurance and a pension ... something like that . 
  i do n't think it 's that surprising to be honest . 
  our poor are so poor compared to most `` rich '' european countries . 
  there is a really negative culture within poor communities in america to hold each other down . 
  look at all these athletes coming from poor families in the states , they are usually bankrupt after making millions of dollars in just a few years after they finish playing . 
  almost all of this money is usually given to their hometown friends and family who leach them for everything they have made . 
  go to / r/iwantout sometime and you 'll witness it, 
  damn that would suck ... i ca n't imagine having to pay for my own healthcare during college . 
  what ?? 
  did n't your university have health care available ? 
  my sister is at grad school now and uses the cheap/free healthcare there , since shes now too old to use my parents ( 27 ), 
  the thing was i had really good healthcare in the usa ( mom is a doctor ) so i have n't even noticed the difference at all . 
  i know this is not the case for a majority of americans though . 
  well i make about the same money here in czech as i did in germany but it 's a bit cheaper to live here . 
  ha it 's true that both salaries are much lower than what i had in america but w/e i 'm young and i always wanted to live abroad so here i am . 
  i 'm just kind of shocked how simliar everything is though . 
  from reading reddit you would think america is a dump compared to most of europe and i have found them to be about the same . 
  i 'm not bulking them into the same ? 
  i 'm just saying life in both of them are not that different to the usa . 
  i lived/grew up there for 20 years . 
  i have now lived in germany/czech republic for the past 5, 
  i did n't think this was unpopular ? 
  i do n't think life in america is that much different than life in europe ( at least the places i have lived germany , czech republic ) sometimes i get the feeling that this sub is a little bit elitist, 
  well come live in prague ... over half of my colleagues are slovak , they are coming back !, 
  well ... i was working it in both places and at the end of the month i have more money left over in prague than i did back in germany . 
  i also have my own flat and can afford to travel all the time since how cheap everything is here, 
  i 'm a foreigner and it was easy for me, 
  seriously . . it is pretty easy to find a job here right now, 
  i agree with you . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/income/ ) kind of says it all . 
  i will say however that even though europeans on average make less money it seems that after living in both places , quality of life is very similiar . 
  it 's good to be middle class most places in europe as well as in america . 
  even with a really good salary that seems almost impossible to afford . 
  well ... my flair says american in prague if you hover over it ... and i went to university in marburg , which is when i created this name !, 
  as an american you ca n't really do anything per capita with our country . 
  it really skews data to make it seem like we are better off than we really are . 
  we just have too many giant companies . 
  as an american all i can say is ... one of us ... one of us ... one of us, 
  same with my company . 
  we ca n't hire enough people fast enough and if we wait even one day to tell them they are offered the job they have already found somebody else . 
  i have searched . 
  but the problem i found was that since i 'm not a programmer i 'm just a system admin there does n't seem to be any jobs for me only in english . 
  otherwise for sure we would move there for a few years . 
  there are n't enough workers here right now . 
  i am getting 3 or 4 job offers a week . 
  my girlfriend found a job after looking in 2 days . 
  it 's quite crazy here at the moment . 
  my girlfriend loves it here in the czech republic . 
  she 's from nice which has a shit job market and a high col so we do very well here in prague . 
  we also both have decent jobs so we can afford a really good life here . 
  we go out to eat multiple times a week , travel all around and still have money to save . 
  life is good but i wont lie i 'd rather be in nice due to the weather and i 'm really into french culture . 
  my girlfriend is french but lives with me now in prague and she said last time she was visiting home she saw a tv program talking about how prague was booming right now and how it was becoming the new french expat area . 
  it 's crazy to me that french people would actively move here due to how much higher wages in france are but indeed i have noticed a lot of french people living here now . 
  was also just in slovakia and was surprised at how everything was more expensive . 
  did n't realize how good we had it here in czech republic . 
  but a lot of the foreign workers work in prague where having a pretty good salary is not that difficult if you have a decent profession . 
  my company offers 40,000 czk starting for tier 1 helpdesk now o_o, 
  well , i 'm from the usa but moved to germany then to czech republic to be with my girlfriend . 
  shes french but i ca n't speak french so we could n't live there . 
  prague has tons of jobs and it 's really cheap to live here so life is good . 
  ha i would like to live everywhere as both germany and czech republic have been great but my girlfriend is from a beach town in the south of france and ca n't stand cold weather :( . 
  the climate is by far the best selling point !, 
  my town in the usa had 4,000 people and we had 100mbps up and down . 
  the problem is the cost . 
  it 's so fucking expensive . 
  here in the czech republic i pay 15 dollars for 100 up and down while back in the usa i was paying 60 and i had a `` good deal '', 
  now that i 'm an expat/immigrant in czech republic i find it hard to believe it 's difficult to make friends here . 
  all of my expat friends here have made czech/slovak friends quite easily . 
  all you need to do is invite a czech/slovak for a drink and boom you have a friend . 
  before we start pointing our fingers solely at the germans , last time i was on holiday i saw a ton of dutch people doing it as well . 
  i 'm not sure if this was a way to combat all the german people there though . 
  did n't mean to imply that they were bad . 
  just that there were a lot of them . 
  even had a few drinks with some .
