  i truly believe that europe is better to start your career if you can find a job because your given a lot more time off and guaranteed health insurance . 
  however once you advance in your career the benefits are not so big anymore and i think i will go back to america so i can save a ton of money and hopefully retire early . 
  my colleagues in germany could n't believe how the same position they did in the states paid literally double what they were making and with a lower cost of living . 
  i do n't think either place is better than each other and i hope to move back and forth between both places throughout my life . 
  it 's not so difficult for me luckily since i have a european girlfriend, 
  i have lived in europe for a few years and i have never met a smug european . 
  however whenever i 'm on / r/europe i feel like it 's an echo chamber of smugness . 
  i 'm glad people in real life are n't like you, 
  what ? 
  i 'm from a poor town and my public high school was top notch . 
  you have literally no idea what you 're talking about, 
  http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/income/ honestly i 'm an american who moved to europe and my quality of life has taken a hit in certain areas but has gotten better in others . 
  i can say after living in germany , czech republic and america they all have their pros and cons which equal out in the end for me . 
  i 'm one of those people . 
  i tried to put in my flair though that i 'm american so people do n't think i 'm czech and start trying to speak czech to me, 
  for slovakia would it be [ lunik 9 ] ( http://imgur.com/t1hqmhl ) ? 
  yep well for example my mom hires physical therapists mostly from europe and they say they are all making less than 30,000 euros per year . 
  on average where i live in america physical therapists make over 100,000 per year . 
  they all usually work two shifts so they can make even more money for a few years then go home and do n't even have to bother working for a couple of years, 
  my mom owns a healthcare company in the usa and every time she puts out a job opening she gets about 30 resumes immediately from places such as poland , romania , bulgaria etc. 
  i would say about half of her staff is actually from europe . 
  they always tell my mom they could stay and make less than a 1000 euros a month there or come to america for a few years make a ton of money and then move back home and buy a house etc. 
  there is no way america would restrict visa 's from europe . 
  so many europeans go to america every year to buy a ton of shit and stimulate the economy . 
  there are also so many businessmen who are constantly going back and forth between the two places and if there is one thing americans like it is money so i doubt this would ever happen . 
  also true . 
  i was just trying to talk about people who do n't have it through their employer, 
  poor people have medicaid . 
  the people who are the worst off are the ones who are n't poor enough for free health insurance but not rich enough for good health insurance . 
  this has been reduced though since the aca was expanded though . 
  the high paying ones are administrators not teachers , which is why i told you to look up a specific school for a more accurate feel . 
  also teachers are covered by health insurance which would cover most of the cost for treatment . 
  how much i can not say as it varies between health insurance companies . 
  i 'm not from new mexico so i do n't know how healthcare for teachers is there . 
  but in ny where i grew up it was very good for teachers . 
  and teachers get paid very well in new york . 
  check out [ this ] ( http://rochester.nydatabases.com/database/educator-salaries-new-york ) for a rough indication of how good your salary can be my school was rhinebeck ny so you can check that out if you need a specific school name . 
  of course the american girl would get treated . 
  it 's illegal for a doctor to turn a patient away . 
  if you are poor in america you are eligible for medicaid anyways . 
  [ here ] ( https://data.oecd.org/hha/household-debt.htm ) is the link you 're looking for . 
  buying cheap petrol ( gas ) . 
  in the states people are paying about .50 cents per liter . 
  i 'm not such a big fan of root beer either . 
  only if it has vanilla ice cream in it, 
  i only like kofola better when it 's mixed with alcohol . 
  i always ask for a kofola rum instead of a coke and rum . 
  do they sell it in austria ? 
  foreigners who live here like me just do n't understand why . 
  it tastes like an herby flat coke, 
  i do n't think think they transport very well . 
  when i was just back in the states i decided to try some pilsner and while it was good it was n't as good as it is here fresh from the tank . 
  czech 's really do drink a lot of [ beer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_beer_consumption_per_capita ), 
  it 's like $ 1.40 per liter here in czech republic . 
  this was before gash prices crashed . 
  i was just on a trip in the states a couple of weeks ago and [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/34fc5mh ) is what i paid . 
  it 's less than 50 euro cents per liter . 
  really ? 
  i live here and everybody under 40 seemingly speaks english ( my czech is not so great ), 
  best experience . 
  i liked it so much i moved here . 
  ( i 'm originally from the usa ) i really like the way czech people approach life , they really do n't give a fuck about anything . 
  i feel as they are the most passive people i 've ever met . 
  i also like how you can do whatever you want here as long as you 're not really going out of your way to annoy somebody else . 
  there seems to be a very high level of individual freedom here that i did not experience in the usa or in germany . 
  worst experience : anything relating to service here is absolute and utter garbage . 
  i could rant for days about how shitty it is dealing with anybody over 40 who is helping you get electricity or gas to your house or anything dealing with telecommunications . 
  other than that there is n't really anything i really dislike about czech republic . 
  i ca n't really imagine living anywhere else now . 
  i do n't get mine subtracted . 
  they just give it to me as a bonus . 
  my old employer used to make me pay half of it . 
  it costs about 90 czech crowns . 
  and my company gives me 90 czech crown coupons as a bonus for working for them . 
  so it is technically `` free '' . 
  ( 90 czech crowns is 3.30 euro ), 
  it is just the most common kind of freelance work . 
  he could also try and teach turkish or anything on a freelance visa , i know a brazilian guy who does some crazy fight dancing stuff on his freelance visa here , he makes more money than i do and i work in it . 
  how fast can you learn the skills ? 
  it depends on what you want to get into , infrastructure , programming etc. 
  if you can do any kind of freelance work , it 's very easy to get a visa to come live in the czech republic . 
  there are a lot of turkish people here doing it work . 
  yes we do have a very high standard of living i wo n't argue with you there . 
  i do believe we can improve and having a non profit based universal healthcare system put in place and having maternity leave available will help all of society out and not just a select few . 
  i pay 420 euros a month for 60m2 near the center of the city . 
  it ai n't expensive to live here haha, 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or taking the words i have said very literally . 
  the money is n't literally being taken away it 's going to taxes which fund schools , roads , healthcare etc. 
  well yes but americans do n't like the federal government taking their money . 
  they would probably prefer the states handling all of it because people trust that their state will do more for their needs than the federal government . 
  american 's do not like the idea of of a federal government taxing you and then that money goes to a poorer state like mississippi as they do n't feel very connected to somebody a couple thousand of kilometers away . 
  you can see that americans are often donating a ton of money to a local charity or their church because they feel connected to that group of people . 
  i honestly think what bernie sanders is trying to do is let the american people know that socialism should n't be considered such a taboo word . 
  if you can find a country that has been successful economically while providing a good safety net such as denmark it might help americans believe that our society wo n't crumble if we raise our taxes to help people who ca n't afford health insurance/maternity leave etc. 
  when most americans hear socialism they think of big government coming and `` taking their hard earned money . '', 
  honestly even though his definition of socialism is off , i think hes doing a good job educating the american people . 
  i think for the first time people my age in the us ( 20s ) are beginning to think that maybe we are screwing ourselves over by having such a fierce anti-government mentality . 
  do you mean in the uk or all of europe ? 
  i would say that this bubble has to pop but with how many people are moving to england i doubt it . 
  it does n't seem that they are building enough new houses for the population gain .
