  check out this [ this link ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/income/ ) . 
  it shows that there is still a huge amount of disposable income in the states . 
  yep its always about who you know . 
  it 's how i first got employed in europe coming over from the usa . 
  it 's always good to never burn bridges as well so you can always go back in case you lose your job or want to move back . 
  but as a chemist you could work almost anywhere in the eu for a few years and save some cash and come back . 
  would that be an option for you ? 
  it 's crazy to think that honestly . 
  when i first came to europe i was amazed at how clean and nice everything was and then when i moved here i learned how little people get paid for professional salaries in relation to usa/canada . 
  i think people in europe may just be better with their money because i have friends in america who are 27 years old making over 100,000 usd per year complaining they are broke . 
  really 19.5 ? 
  can you save much money with that kind of salary ? 
  i did an it internship in the usa and it paid almost 50,000 usd for part time work . 
  it was almost all foreigners too . 
  it 's crazy you go to some of these countries like the uk and you would just assume they are making a lot more money than that . 
  is it really that hard to make # 35,000 ? 
  this is a pretty low wage in canada/usa and i almost make that much money working in prague . 
  language is awful thats true . 
  yeah i work for an american company here right now and it 's great . 
  prague is one of my favorite places in the world and i 'm happy to be here . 
  that is because times square is a clusterfuck of people trying to scam you and then these scammers if they do n't run fast enough get caught by the police . 
  it gets even more wild . 
  i 'm from america , my parents are n't . 
  i went to germany for university and to work and now i live in the czech republic . 
  i 'm not advocating for more guns i made a simple joke and people are running away with it here . 
  also i 'm not sure if you 're aware but it 's very easy to obtain a gun here in the czech republic also . 
   but if you grow up in the ghetto or trailer park my parents grew up in the ghetto and they turned out fine . 
  both of them have never seen a gun either and they grew up in one of the `` no go '' zones in philadelphia . 
  no american lives in constant fear of getting shot . 
  i have never thought about it once in my over 20 years of living in america . 
  the more i read this thread the more i learn how delusional this subreddit is . 
  i have never even seen a gun in america before , i 'm sure nobody in my family ever has either . 
  damn i lived in the states for over 20 years and i never even saw a gun . 
  weird how we can make this a complete black and white argument . 
  people on / r/europe want to believe that america is some dystopian wasteland . 
  naa the nypd would 've already shot both the gangs and the innocent people by that time . 
  they are quite effective like that, 
  haha well obviously this means that the usa needs to allow machine guns then !, 
  meh , as long as you 're not in bad areas of the usa you do n't have to worry about anything . 
  most americans grow up extremely sheltered lives where they have never witnessed any crimes or anything bad at all . 
  i 'm not advocating for guns either . 
  i agree that people should be mad that police failed to control the situation . 
  i just did n't think shooting into the gang of people is the greatest solution . 
  i am also not an expert at all in this area so i ca n't claim to know what would be the best action to take . 
  well both ways are bad ways to solve the problem . 
  if this had happened in the us , people would 've started shooting at the gangs . 
  czechs drink a lot of beer . 
  false !, 
  czechs drink the most amount of [ beer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_beer_consumption_per_capita ), 
  yep i agree with everything you said in both this comment and the one before . 
  i was just trying to show some reasons why some people might think some way . 
  but that is your preference . 
  everybody has their own and they are entitled to it . 
  if you wanted to retire early and you were getting paid $ 100,000 a year instead of $ 55,000 it would be much easier . 
  also if you 'd like to live in a bigger house with some land living in canada/america would be better for you . 
  also in the area of professional jobs you do get a lot of vacation days . 
  my mom and dad both get 5 weeks off , which is less than i get but is n't so bad . 
  also when you take into factor the difference in professional salaries those prices for airplane tickets start to matter less . 
  i am in no way saying that one place is better than another to live but i have found my qol has been about the same since i moved to europe and i constantly see on reddit people refusing to acknowledge that you can live a good life in the americas as well . 
  i was working for a mid sized international company in a bigger city . 
  i love how the german economy is n't centralized compared to a lot of other european countries . 
  it makes it easier to find work in a place you actually want to live not in a place only where you can find a job . 
  the problem for me was that german companies while they may offer pension programs and a company car you can get this in other countries that still pay a lot more . 
  for example in the states my company would match my 401k which was tax free and did n't count as part of my income so i could stash away a ton of money and then claim a lower tax bracket . 
  i loved living in germany , it 's just not the country to move to if you only have $ $ in your eyes . 
  i was one of those expats who moved over from america to be with my girlfriend . 
  i was getting paid more being a part time helpdesk guy in my university than i was being a system administrator in germany . 
  it is true they do n't have a high income inequality but most people with families are trying to maximize their own earning potential . 
  if this means they can provide better for their family elsewhere they will more often then not take it . 
  i know reddit seems to think people will always chose germany over some place like the usa , canada , australia but from my anecdotal experience in real life , it seems people end up choosing money over other factors . 
  i worked in germany doing it and the reason why there is so much demand in the it sector is because the wages in germany are shit . 
  there seems to be a culture of people just saying their wage is `` just good enough '' and not asking for more money . 
  you can go to australia , usa , and canada and make 3x as much money easily which is what a lot of my german colleagues ended up doing . 
  i ended up leaving because i can make the same amount in prague and the col is cheaper . 
  you suck at your job ... why do you post this before 6am ? 
  yeah in the states you 'll see pharmacies all over the place ( cvs , walgreens ) just no signs as they tend to be small supermarkets as well . 
  yeah its interesting that it says so much of the problem could be solved by repairing the highways now instead of adding more lanes . 
  the most annoying thing i found driving through america is that everywhere is just adding so many lanes that there are bottlenecks constantly . 
  if you drive around philadelphia they have been adding more lanes non-stop for about 20 years and the local highways are always in shit condition because of it . 
  well if it makes any difference most of my family members that live in america have bought electric cars . 
  they are starting to become `` cool `` since every young rich guy wants to buy a tesla . 
  wow this is a really interesting website . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  the roads are n't falling apart . 
  i just drove from philly to new york through new jersey and it was fine . 
  the biggest problem is that with the constant freezing and unfreezing of the roads due to a shitty climate the roads need to be severely repaired every year . 
  this is why you have to pay those annoying fucking tolls when you drive through new jersey . 
  yeah los angeles ' metro is a shit hole . 
  the whole city is like one giant suburb . 
  it was really poorly designed and is probably the worst place for public transportation out of any major city in north america . 
  if you go to canada you will see the same exact types of cars that you see in the usa and their gas is expensive . 
  so while the low cost is definitely a reason why people have bigger cars i 'm not sure if it 's the biggest reason . 
  no urban planning in he 50s lead to bad public transportation in the usa . 
  everybody wanted to move to suburban areas with endless sprawl so they could have their own big house with a big yard . 
  it 's the same problem in canada as well . 
  they just are too spread out to make it viable . 
  i am currently on holiday in the usa and i just paid 1.60 usd per gallon . 
  that is around .38 euro per liter . 
  it 's crazy to think most of this cost difference is just due to the taxes we put on gas . 
  why not ?
