  she has literally nothing to gain from it, 
  honestly though , wages are going up in prague but i 'm not sure about the rest of the country . 
  anecdotally , since i moved here over 3 years ago i have gotten pretty substantial raises every year . 
  most of my friends who live here also have had the same . 
  it 's also great because since there are more jobs than professionals at least in prague you can switch jobs almost as much as you 'd like to get a higher wage . 
  edit : also , it should be noted that the czech government has devalued the currency a lot to keep demand on exports up . 
  it 's the same in the usa as well . 
  yeah i grew up in upstate ny and we are very healthy compared to the rest of the country . 
  i went to the south east and it was like there were land whales everywhere . 
  i always though the `` fat american '' was a myth until i went south . 
  ca n't complain ... 4 more hours till the weekend and i ate enough curry to feed an entire village . 
  when i finally got a tech job in the states i only worked 40 hours a week and got 4 weeks off as well as most of my other friends in tech . 
  seems like your job is a no fun zone . 
  when i was working hourly in the states i got double pay as a perk . 
  i always hoped to work 45 hours a week just for that sweet sweet 10 hours of pay for 5 hours of work . 
  the horror, 
  i 'm taking the ferry this summer !, 
  i honestly ca n't wait . 
  damn when i was living in richmond va , you could buy 3000 square meter house for like 200,000 usd . 
  the wages there for professional jobs were pretty good as well . 
  in the usa you have extreme humidity and heat though . 
  when i was living in richmond va it would be unbearable to not have ac . 
  when i moved to central europe i could n't believe how mild the weather is . 
  as an american i think our population/economy is just too big and overpowering for the other countries . 
  i feel like any small change we would make would effect them so much more than vice versa . 
  i ca n't imagine why they would want to include us in any of it . 
  i would support as many canadians to come work/live in the usa though . 
  it 's stupid that they ca n't already ( although with the tn status i had a lot of canadians working in my it office ) 99 % of the time you ca n't even tell the person is canadian until you ask where they are from . 
  the craziest thing is that you can by these sticks anywhere . 
  my local vietnamese shop has them in a all colors and sizes . 
  she owns property in paris , london , and new york and it 's only worth 4.7 million ? 
  seems like she got pretty good deals . 
  i meant just at the grocery markets and farmers markets . 
  was n't really talking about the overall cuisines haha, 
  after living in the czech republic i can tell you that where i was living in america the food was much higher quality in the states . 
  however , when i was in germany/netherlands their food quality was definitely overall better for the price . 
  i was lucky though in america i lived in farm country and you could buy everything fresh from the local farms and the prices were n't so bad . 
  i do know however most americans who are living in big cities do n't have as much access to this . 
  besides all the stag parties , i agree it is pretty safe here, 
  haha if you 're in london and you threw a stone into a crowd there is a good chance you 'll hit one . 
  the cleanest places i ever went to all seemed to be in switzerland and western austria . 
  people do a really good job of cleaning up after themselves there . 
  as i am an american expat almost 90 % of fellow expats i have met are from super rich families that do n't have to worry about their own salary . 
  you 'll see it all the time here in prague where an american will work like 10 hours `` teaching english '' just to pay for some extra travel money but in reality their parents are still funding absolutely everything . 
  i 'm american but have moved to germany and the czech republic . 
  i have never had to worry about about a financial requirement thankfully . 
  i really would n't want to live in a place that does n't really want you to be there . 
  cheers, 
  i believe your spouse only has to make 18,000 pounds a year though to qualify so it 's more lenient . 
  ignorant question alert . 
  what are the protesting ? 
  i have a bunch of american friends who moved to the uk and all of them will have to leave unless they can find a british spouse . 
  it 's odd to me that there is such a cut off like 35,000 . 
  this makes me think it would promote people only being able to move to london where the salaries are higher and it seems like the english people are concerned about rising costs of living in london and this will only exasperate the problem . 
  i 'm pretty sure that scene was filmed in my hometown in red hook ny . 
  i remember we got to leave school to be able to watch them video taping it as it is right next to our high school . 
  its a really beautiful area that is for sure . 
  not much going on around there though . 
  all of my friends who i grew up with moved on to other areas . 
  i do miss it though . 
  as somebody who is from near poughkeepsie ... why do you know what poughkeepsie is ... not even new yorkers know, 
  i actually got two ... one in new york the other in virginia . 
  the one in new york was an absolute joke . 
  i 'm not sure if things have changed since 2005 though . 
  you just have to hope you live in a state that expended medicaid cover or has a cheap subsidized plan on the healthcare.gov website , otherwise yeah it would suck . 
  driving license, 
  haha yeah and the craziest part was when i moved to the czech republic i was so mad that i had to pay 10,000 czech crowns for my license and then i realized that 's cheap compared to the rest of central/western europe . 
  i got my drivers license in the usa and i ca n't believe our licenses are as powerful as they are . 
  all i had to do was pass a 10 minute driving test and it cost me a grand total of like 30 usd . 
  there was no theory and no practice driving . 
  it was a huge joke . 
  if the uk leaves i wonder how many people will start going to ireland instead . 
  i know a ton of people who want to live in the uk for a few years only to learn english than eventually come back home . 
  yeah indians are not treated poorly in the states . 
  they are the most successful demographic and many of them are the best doctors engineers programmers the states has . 
  i grew up with many indians in new york who told me they rarely encountered racism and americans do n't really even think of indians as foreigners since they are a huge demographic . 
  after living in germany/czech republic i can say indians are treated probably the same here as in the states . 
  it 's funny i 'm an `` immigrant '' here in czech republic and all of my czech friends went overseas for a few years found a foreign spouse then forced them to move back to the czech republic with them . 
  i 'd say 50 % of the women in my office have an american/british/australian husband . 
  yeah it 's kind of a strange system . 
  some states have no income tax , so they have very high net incomes . 
  however , this is offset somewhere else usually in the form of property tax which is very expensive . 
  also some states will have no sales tax ( vat ) . 
  also we do have a retirement social security check when we retire but its only like 1500 usd a month which is not enough to live on . 
  on top of those many people have the private 401k accounts which is tax free as long as you do n't take it out before you retire . 
  if you work in an office job these are usually matched by your employer up to a certain percentage . 
  this is how my family saved up for retirement back in the usa . 
  also when it comes to health insurance the aca ( obamacare ) fixed a lot of the price issues such as an out of pocket maximum so you do n't have to pay more than 6,800 usd for any treatment which means you likely wo n't have to file bankruptcy for treatment . 
  it 's not great but it 's better than it was . 
  also if you 're at a decent job your health care will be subsidized by your employer and sometimes ends up being a very low % of your income . 
  for example i paid about 100 dollars a month for good health insurance . 
  the biggest problem is accesbility . 
  if you have a decent job in america your life is on average pretty good . 
  if you do n't its terrible . 
  this is why you see so many canadians moving to the usa because they are usually educated and can make more money and pay less in taxes even though the average canadian probably has a higher standard of living . 
  as an american who lives in czech republic whose friends are almost all slovak . 
  i definitely know more about slovakia . 
  i love visiting with friends as everybody is super friendly and outgoing ( which they all claim they are not ) . 
  i have even been invited to the zabijacka which is like the tradition pig slaughtering so i 'm looking forward to that . 
  only enough to have small conversations .
