  this means we can get away with more stuff at work because our bosses are too afraid to confront the russians . 
  romanians , with all this good news about your country are you actually personally feeling any of it ? 
  are your wages going up and can you see new infrastructure being built ? 
  kaliningrad will sucede from russia and join the eu edit : thank you / u/yorashtan2 and / u/ajaume _ 2 for pointing out that i do n't know how to spell sucede ( succeed ) how embarassing, 
  i was trying to respond to what `` most '' americans would think . 
  i obviously ca n't talk for the other 6.8 billion people, 
  if we are being completely honest most americans do n't think about it at all . 
  the average american has heard about it but does n't really care what happens there . 
  ha tell me about it . 
  as an american working in europe , i am constantly the butt of every joke in the office . 
  even though my office is comprised of many different european countries they can all agree that making fun of my `` american-ness '' is funny . 
  it 's all in good fun though and i 've never been offended by any of it . 
  [ source ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/beer-consumption.jpg ) a pretty cool website where you can find a ton of different maps, 
  seriously there are shooting ranges everywhere also . 
  i went shooting a couple weeks ago with a bunch of my czech colleagues all whom own guns, 
  you will not regret that decision . 
  i usually fly in with lufthansa from prague to newwark . 
  return tickets are usually about 500 usd, 
  well you also have to remember , that at airports like jfk and lax so many people are immigrating to the us . 
  this amounts to hundreds of people who many of them do n't speak any english trying to figure out what to do . 
  it causes mayhem . 
  seriously ... last time i was flying back to jfk with my girlfriend who is european and i 'm american we flew into a terminal which did n't differentiate non americans to us citizens . 
  it was about a 3 hour line we had to wait in . 
  on top of that i would say only about half of the workers there spoke any english . 
  i was joking with my girlfriend that i was so excited to speak native english again but it was n't until we got to my parents that i actually heard english . 
  a french couple asked the security guard ( a chinese guy ) a question about where they should go and he could n't speak back to them in proper english . 
  i eventually had to tell them where to go because the guy was so clueless . 
  moral of this story ? 
  fly into newark . 
  one month later i flew into newark and my slovak friend and i waited for 10 minutes in line and no other problems . 
  well as most immigrants/expats who live here will tell you ... even though it sucks to not know the language you do n't need it . 
  even though my czech is n't so good i 've never had any issues while living here . 
  only when i go to the bureaucratic offices is there ever any issues ( but mostly because the people there are the worst ), 
  yep i 'm currently living in prague ... i studied/worked a bit in germany and now i do some it work for an american company in prague, 
  i 'm from america but have lived/worked in germany and czech republic . 
  i am not proud of america . 
  i like the country and the people , even though they are not so popular on reddit . 
  i hate our government and i think 90 % of americans will agree with me on this regardless of being republican or democrat . 
  after living in different countries i became much less `` proud '' of america because i can see that life at least in europe is not so much different and it 's very similar in many ways . 
  this led me to believing that we really are n't a special country in any way . 
  so while even though i still like america why should i be proud if we are n't more special than anybody else . 
  true ... but between brno and prague it 's still a large part of the working population . 
  in prague everybody is sitting behind a computer, 
  honestly , i think he should stay in zimbabwe and face the consequences . 
  i hope the us government does n't let him off the hook . 
  i hate when people with money think they can get away with anything . 
  honestly with all the education in the world today about wildlife preservation and this idiot goes to africa to shoot a rare animal ? 
  what a clown . 
  bangladesh has 150 million people and utah has 3 million ... jesus, 
  good thing czech republic/slovkia are not on this list . 
  they would probably top all other eu countries, 
  we generally get paid much better than europe for professional jobs ... i 'm not sure where you 're getting your information from, 
  hell man ... after 50 hours i 'm completely burned out ... i do n't know how you do it, 
  jesus what do you do ? 
  i agree that its what people do with their lives that show how good life is . 
  i do n't think anybody can argue with that . 
  i guess i was just shocked when i moved to germany because i had unrealistic expectations . 
  i assumed that since it was a rich country i would be paid similar as in the us . 
  in my field the average pay for entry level people in the city i was working in was around 60k usd per year ( richmond va ) . 
  in germany i found that it was about half of this . 
  even with the more affordable healthcare and better public transportation you are still left with a lot less money . 
  however i loved every minute of living in germany and who knows maybe one day i 'll go back . 
  i always wanted to live all around the world and see what was outside of my small town in america . 
  living in germany and in czech republic has been amazing . 
  both places are amazing in their own way and now i 'm not sure if i want to leave, 
  i am also curious to know what field she was working in , where her salary was so low in the us and then so high in switzerland . 
  we tend to pay our professionals better than most countries in the world . 
  i just want to point out a common misconception , while yes people who work in europe do get better social benefits working the usa is n't all that bad . 
  we do get paid a very good wage compared to europe . 
  i have worked in germany , czech republic , and the usa and the salary i got at my first job in america was over double what i made in germany and over 4x more than i make in czech republic . 
  americans still do have a very high average disposable income compared to almost every single country in the world . 
  while there is a big wealth gap there still is a very big middle class who earns a good wage compared to europe . 
  just look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_wage ) i know this does n't tell the whole story but it does help show that things are n't all bad my anecdotal evidence . 
  my friends in belgium who work in it are happy with their 3,000 euro salary . 
  in the united states this would be considered a very low salary for the field and in belgium it 's considered normal where it 's much more expensive, 
  these kind of articles are so dumb ... some people like to live in different places , who gives a shit ... i swear as an american living in europe my least favorite kind of people are expats like her . 
  am i really the only american who left that thinks we are n't the worst country in the world ? 
  nope !, 
  a logistics company ... not one of the usual big ones here, 
  thankfully no ... i work at an american company here in prague and do it for the belgian offices, 
  i would like to thank belgium especially , because since they are always on holiday it means i never have anything to do at work . 
  i 'm guessing the really big growth came when they made europe a default for anybody with a european ip ? 
  i tried my best, 
  just stay out of prague 1 and the beer is cheap ... in my neighborhood 7 minutes from the center by tram beer is 27 czech crowns for .5 liters , which is 1 euro for really good beer, 
  the quality of the comments for this thread is terrible, 
  i do n't disagree ... i was shocked when last week there was protests against islamization of czech republic in prague ... only like .01 % of the population is islamic, 
  with all the protests in prague already against refugees i doubt this will go over well, 
  i live in the czech republic now and i work a shit ton less than in the usa ( my anecdotal evidence ) also i would 've assumed japan to be the highest b/c of those crazy hours the [ salarymen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po8iph64rvm ) work where they literally do nothing all day but ca n't leave until bossman does, 
  true ... but i have no statistics to back anything i said up , i do n't know if more men are coming than women ... i was just taking a guess, 
  i think what probably happens is the men go to find work to send back money to their family ... this is what happens in america with central americans . 
  i was more trying to highlight the fact that lichtenstein makes more in a month than romania in a year , 
  you can find the sources here in the subtext on wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage, 
  yes while its true very rich people live there ... the wages in the us are generally a bit higher especially when it comes to being a professional ... 
  i 'm from america and have lived in germany/czech republic and the wages for my field it are not even remotely close to what i was getting paid in america . . and i was living in a very low cost area, 
  the czech republic has low wages but you do n't see so many emigrants at all ... i would say almost all of my czech friends have no plans of moving to another country ... but i 'm not sure if the czech republic is just the exception here, 
  is it possible to not hang out with douche bags ? 
  the uk has 64 million people ... i 'm sure you could find like minded people all over, 
  take a bus from budapest to prague ... its super cheap and prague is also isnt very expensive like budapest, 
  usa , prague , will move to the south of france and then back to the usa or prague, 
  any reason why ?
