  can confirm was in all baltic countries a month ago and there were soooo many british tourists . 
  all of the countries are great fun though and i ca n't recommend them enough . 
  na its mostly danish people . 
  they do n't have the best reputation in prague and that is me being very nice, 
  the only realy danger i ever have to worry about here are british/scandinavians on stag parties . 
  if you have $ 3,000 we could go in on [ this crack house together ] ( http://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/detroit-mi/88129670_zpid/17762_rid/globalrelevanceex_sort/42.444994,-82.956563,42.297119,-83.291646_rect/11_zm/0_mmm/ ), 
  does this mean housing prices are going down in the villages where people are leaving ? 
  and california had just passed [ france a little while ago ] ( http://fortune.com/2016/06/17/california-france-6th-largest-economy/ ) . 
  i wonder if this means california now has a bigger economy than the uk, 
  they compete with no one because upc does n't expand fast enough . 
  my coworkers who live outside of prague have 100x better internet for cheaper . 
  if i lived one building over mine would also be literally 2.5 x better as well . 
  yeah if you 're in prague and do n't have the option for upc you 're basically fucked . 
  my flat buildling voted against getting it and i have no idea why , i could have up to 300 down for 20ish euros . 
  instead i only get 40 for a little bit more expensive . 
  where are you living ? 
  i only have `` shitty '' 02 at my flat :(, 
  having a high population density would definitely make it easier to have better infrastructure . 
  the bigger the government programs in america get the worse they seem to do anyways . 
  the money gets lost in bureaucracy, 
  that website is hilarious . 
  i did n't see any ugly houses to be honest while i was there . 
  most were the standard smallish cute houses that were all super close to each other . 
  i really liked all the belgian towns i went to everything looked well organized and planned out but the roads were kind of shocking . 
  i was driving from zeeland into northern belgium and like 1km after you cross the border its like a minefield of potholes but the houses were all in tip top condition and beautiful . 
  i drove on american roads for 20 years and never had tire shredding problems . 
  has anybody in this thread actually driven in america before ? 
  after driving in czech republic and in belgium i can safely say the roads in america on average were much better . 
  i have to filter both trump and sanders spam posts . 
  reddit would be unbearable without it, 
  comparative advantage, 
  old ppl get that government healthcare in america though, 
  haha people move there for the drought ? 
  ha this is why most people like the california life . 
  no humidity and a nice 25 degrees every single day . 
  i grew up in a brick house in the usa . 
  even in my basement it got over 30 degrees in the summer . 
  it was absolutely miserable . 
  if we did n't have ac we literally would be too sluggish to do anything . 
  the 100 % humidity every day combined with almost 40 degrees for a month at a time was awful . 
  i 've only had 2 or 3 days in over 3 years in prague that made me wish i had air conditioning . 
  being from new york it was basically a 3 month stretch where if you did n't have it you basically melted . 
  the humidity is so unbelievably terrible you ca n't even move . 
  also energy in the usa is so cheap that most people do n't mind just leaving it on even though it 's terrible for the environment . 
  last time i was in the states i actually paid less than that . 
  on my it team there is actually no czechs , it 's a few brits a couple of americans and a german guy . 
  people come here because the wage in it is actually pretty decent and the col is really low . 
  you can make net as an admin about 2,000 euros and a flat in the center of the city can be as cheap as 300 euros . 
  yep lots check put jobs.cz or expats.cz, 
  my boss could n't even find a network engineer for 3 months . 
  the salary is above average for the position to . 
  good time to work in it in prague . 
  :( sorry to hear that, 
  can confirm . 
  you can throw a rock outside right now in prague and you will be offered a job . 
  can you hear everything your neighbor does when you live so close to each other ? 
  in america there are also property taxes and other insurances you have to take out . 
  but yes in cities with high rent but low cost of housing a landlord can do very well . 
  especially in a university city like richmond where kids will pay more to be in the very center so they can meet up with their friends and do n't need a car . 
  i think tornadoes are only in a small part of the country . 
  never heard of one being anywhere close to where i have lived before . 
  also the apartments in richmond tend to be made of brick but i 'm assuming this would also be completely fucked by a tornado regardless . 
  yep i could buy a 400 square meter house in my city for 150,000 usd or pay 1,600 a month in a shitty apartment shared with my girlfriend . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm coming from the states where my rent was 800 dollars a month when i split with my girlfriend and i get the same thing here in prague for 250 dollars a month . 
  i live in prague and it feels to me that rent is dirt cheap here . 
  i ca n't believe there are parts of spain/germany that have lower . 
  must be nice . 
  it must be tough in a country with not so many people to keep having such massive layoffs . 
  are developers now leaving finland to find work in another country ? 
  because it 's legal in austria ? 
  i think that is a good reason why somebody would have one . 
  i am by no means pro-gun either . 
  really sad ... sounds like the guy had some serious mental health issues . 
  how is mental health perceived in austria ? 
  are there ways for people to easily get help ? 
  south of france ... the food is amazing and the weather is also really nice . 
  i also like french culture so seems like a win win win situation . 
  i hope the engineers/general enjoy 5 years in the gulag , 
  how can you afford a bmw on a 2k euro per month salary ? 
  i flew into charleroi a few months ago and i had to take a train . 
  there were two kids in the train station playing with real knives pretending to almost stab each other . 
  i got the fuck out of there as fast as possible . 
  i 'm an american who has lived in europe for a while now in both germany and in the czech republic . 
  i have never seen more outward racism in my life as i have seen against the roma/gyspie people . 
  my co-workers in both germany and in the czech republic always `` joke '' about how they should all die and how they are lower than dirt . 
  this is coming from people who make really good money working in tech and often have their masters degrees and have lived in many different countries . 
  while it was bad in germany the hatred has been much worse here in the czech republic . 
  i 'm always told that i just do n't understand and that one day i 'll figure it out . 
  it 's been almost 5 years and while i do see how poor and involved in criminal activity they are , i 'm not sure if this is because society is against them or because they chose to live that way . 
  the requirements are you have to move to czech republic . 
  they are the only country where you can teach english while possessing no skill to do so . 
  it is very easy to get a self employment visa here and many americans/canadians/australians do it every year . 
  there are already so many americans in the eu . 
  we usually end up here because we have so 's from a european country and its way easier to move to europe than to america ( except for the uk ) as common as it is to hate on americans on reddit , i literally have never been directly hated on because i 'm american . 
  i get teased sometimes by people asking me if i have a gun , if i 've ever seen a murder stuff like but its always in good fun . 
  i have even taken some of my friends who were `` anti-american '' to the usa for the first time and they all ended up loving it . 
  maybe my uni was different in germany . 
  there were two showers and anybody could use either of them if they were n't occupied . 
  i mean of course people wore towels when they got out but it threw me off the first time i got out of one and a girl was in a towel looking in the mirror . 
  haha i did n't know this would be the biggest problem !,
