i went to uni there no other reason, 
  well in my office in prague since i 'm the only american ... it 's a term people from all over europe say they are so they can team up on me and make fun of me and my country :d, 
  man if this is true it is quite sad ... while lifestyle here in prague is quite high wages here are very low ... this would mean that all the big companies in prague are profiting while the rest of us living here are n't seeing much of it, 
  well my girlfriend is from nice , and i would n't mind living there for a while, 
  we had different experiences in germany then ... i found the level of english in germany to be quite low compared to the countries around it ... for example the netherlands and denmark, 
  hopefully this does n't mean skoda is having similar business practices ... they have been doing really well recently, 
  beer for lunch ? 
  well of course, 
  how could america possibly help in this situation ? 
  by taking in more refugees or advising on the matter ? 
  like germany , the us does n't have a very centralized economy either so there are many cities they can be sent to around the country , so big ghettos wo n't be formed of solely refugees, 
  i live 5 minutes walking from my job ... it 's the best thing in the world ... wake up ... shower ... work all in 15 minutes, 
  in czech republic it 's quite easy to fire a gun . 
  just be friends with somebody who has a license and you can go to a shooting range with them with no issues . 
  my collague actually just took my boss and i shooting a few weeks ago . 
  he has handguns and rifles . 
  if the french want to be this way let them . 
  it is their country and their culture . 
  my girlfriend is french and i am constantly going to france on holiday . 
  it 's kind of cool to me that not everybody is speaking english it feels like their culture has n't been so americanized because of it . 
  with the younger generation i do n't even think its an arrogance thing . 
  i just think they do n't believe they need to use it . 
  i was speaking to my girlfriends friends and they all speak italian since they live close to the border . 
  they have no use for english they said as france has such large culture surrounding it already on the internet and media . 
  me personally no ... but there are tons of english shops here in prague that you can buy it from, 
  as long as i never have to hear again that the liverpool man u game is the biggest in the world . . then yes i will accept anybody, 
  na they just show up and purely on the basis that they are british they have a good chance of getting a job ... people say the accent makes them sound smart but , i work with purely northern english people and i can tell you it 's the complete opposite effect , 
  car ??? 
  i wish i was so rich, 
  dude there are so many brits working everywhere in europe that do n't speak the local language . 
  every job i 've had , i 've worked with brits who didnt speak german/czech, 
  you know the best part is most of them are from liverpool so i ca n't understand 90 % of what they are saying anyways ... they are always just bumbling about, 
  feel bad for laughing at this, 
  i hope so because listening to the british people complain at work is 100x better/funnier than anybody else in the company, 
  i work with about 4 or 5 brits here in prague ... would they have to leave if you guys leave the eu ? 
  i mean honestly though ... as much as i want to help real refugees that had their lives destroyed and have no future in their home country . . why would they want to come here ? 
  you ca n't just put some refugee in a panelak in some small village and expect them to want to stay here . . 
  they would have a hard time with the language , they would n't have their own community for support and they would n't have many opportunities outside prague and prague does n't have enough available housing for everybody . 
  ah come on ... we all secretly love the french ... we just like to tease, 
  good enough for me ... my girlfriend is french and this is 99 % of her life also, 
  i do n't believe it ... prove it, 
  an authentic french person ? 
  i 'm going to need some proof . 
  it 's about 11:00 am ... so i 'd say they are doing [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/zvplwwy ), 
  i honestly think it 's more because most americans are not aware of the location of hungary let alone it 's demographics, 
  i guess people would only want to live in luxembourg for money ? 
  otherwise i do n't know how it beat out so many other countries . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  it would be either here in cz or in the netherlands . 
   secondly i do n't think refugees have been dying en mass at the canadian border . 
  well you have obviously never been to detroit then / s, 
  nobody took a step back and thought to themselves `` maybe this is n't the best idea ? '', 
  if you like beer than yes ... check out / r/czech maybe more people will be there to ask from czech republic ( i am an american that lives in czech republic ), 
  nothing wrong with drinking the cheap ghetto stuff every once in a while . . we 've all been there, 
  the other top two are german and austria who get a lot more tourists than czech republic ... so i 'm not sure what to make of this information, 
  i see nothing wrong with this, 
  this is absolutely awful ... they do n't even say in the article how it happened ? 
  i ca n't imagine being stuck in a truck slowly dying with no escape . 
  yeah i was hoping for water ... but according to the team at the finish line this was better for me, 
  not czech but have lived here a while ... it seems in bohemia everybody is drinking more beer but when you go east into moravia it turns into a lot of wine as well . 
  i go out drinking a few times a week with my colleagues who will drink mostly beer and sometimes homemade stuff that their parents have made such as hru\u0161kovice . 
  per capita czechs drink the most beer in the world and i feel as a foreigner it kind of permeates into everything in society . 
  when i was running a 10k race i was immediately handed a non-alcoholic beer to `` refresh my vitamins . '', 
  also when i was going kayaking in southern bohemia about ever 800 meters there was a place where you could stop your kayak and buy beer . 
  something funny i saw last week was a child 's playground that was sponsered by pilsner urquell, 
  this is good news i guess but when you take into account that most of this growth is coming from surging housing prices is it really helping the average person ? 
  how can somebody making # 30,000 a year afford a # 600,000 house ? 
  you 'd be lucky if you bought some property some years back and could sell and upgrade . 
  even if trump would become president would he really even have much power to do anything ? 
  i 'm sure most of his actions would be blocked in the house and senate, 
  and on top of that salaries suck in vancouver since everybody wants to live there . 
  unfortunately no ... almost all of american immigration is from reuniting families ... it 's a really broken system that does n't reward skilled laborers as much as canada . 
  people really seem to like their grenades in sweden . 
  unfortunately , it is difficult to get the h1b visa and it 's been in a lottery the past few years . 
  where else would you possibly go ? 
  almost every other first world country is having similar problems . 
  edit : also you mentioned low taxes in british columbia . 
  have you seen house prices there ? 
  also it is n't that cheap to live in canada . 
  yeah ... this is why i always just use uber here . 
  are n't they just going to find a way to get to their desired country anyways ? 
  i mean they crossed a desert and a sea to get here . 
  nice in france ... i know most people tease the french but i 've never met better people than when i have been there ... a + would live there if i could speak french, 
  the reasons you listed are why she liked it so much ... plus we could also be able to own our own home , which would n't be possible in the south of france where she 's from, 
  my girlfriend wants somewhere warm/cheap ... we met in southern virginia and she liked the south believe it or not a lot . . and tbh i can live anywhere as i like almost everything so her opinion is the only one that matters ... i have been looking around a lot for us and the places i 've seen that i like are asheville , greenville ( sc ) , charelston and the raleigh area, 
  yeah of course , we 'll visit all the places next year so i 'm hoping for the best !, 
  ah alright , well this is a little disheartening ... my girlfriend ( french ) and i ( american ) are hoping to move to south carolina in the next few years , i heard places like charleston and greenville was n't so bad in this regard . 
  where in the south if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  he has to be trolling right ? 
  does sound like a very texan thing to say though , 
  i 'm going to agree with you . 
  so many americans marry an irish or british person so it 's natural that they would live in the two biggest population centers of english speaking countries . 
  i have noticed however that so many younger people are taking a year or two off from america and living in europe for a while . 
  i think that young americans are finally beginning to travel a bit more than their parents ever did . 
  for example , i live in prague and there are soo many americans that live here . 
  i ca n't even leave my office without hearing american english being spoken . 
  if that is a good or bad thing you would have to ask czech people , 
  sorry i meant not giving a fuck as in they do n't take any bullshit ... they are all really smart and do good at their job ... since they voice their feelings ( unlike czech people ) most bosses are afraid to confront them, 
  i work with a few russians and i like how they approach work . 
  they literally do n't give a fuck about anything and will argue immediately if they think somebody else is in the wrong .
