  which country would you want to move to ? 
  if you can land a german job in the czech republic i can tell you your quality of life would be really high and youd still be close to home, 
  german people , do you plan on having kids ? 
  if you do n't is it common for your friends to want to have children ? 
  being in prague you can notice the economy getting better ... there are tons of new restaurants , office buildings , stores opening all over the place ... 
  to be honest i 'm not surprised that a lot of researches come to america ... we speak english , have high salaries and have a lot of opportunities in almost every field ... it seems when you are in an american college almost every professor is foreign which in my opinion was pretty cool, 
  cesky krumlov is pretty cool for a long weekend ... you can rent a kayak on the vltava and get super drunk with friends which is always fun ... also [ cesky krumlov ] ( http://imgur.com/uiqd9jd ) is quite beautiful, 
  i would say as an american no ... i just do n't see how it would benefit both sides ... america would become way to powerful within the new eu due to its massive population compared to any other single country ... i would like it to become easier to move between the countries for example if we had more work holiday agreements but other than that i think it would be a bad move for everybody, 
  i just used them between prague and budapest and it was real nice ... there was wifi and a plug to charge your tablet or phone ... i say go for it i use them often and i 've never had a problem, 
  i think beer that costs 25 crowns ( .90 euro ) for a half liter is the real reason people want to visit, 
  does n't surprise me ... it was only my anecdotal evidence anyways, 
  to be honest ... i have no idea ... i 'm an american living here in prague and i do n't know personally anybody who has gone to live in ireland . . 
  and another quarter went to usa/canada ... 
  it 's crazy how much of a pull the english speaking countries have just for their languages ... 
  as long as they speak english as their native language this will not change ... why would a low level worker who only speaks english as their second language want to go somewhere else ? 
  at least a quarter of the people in my office went to england for a few years to improve their english and save some money to bring home . 
  this is pretty cool ... i was under the impression that spain was also kind of cheap like here but i guess not ... ha and i lived in an even cheaper area than albany ... thanks for these links though i 'll use them in the future, 
  will i live in prague now making less than half of this ... 
  but i 'm from upstate new york, 
  what 's the average salary in london ? 
  that seems like a really low amount of money regardless ... i 'm from a cheap ( ish ) part of the usa and it would be hard for me to live on that salary let alone for 27,100 pounds ( 41,000 ) usd per year in london which is known for being expensive . . 
  does this mean i 'll get a raise ? 
  and i would say slovak people are a lot nicer than they will tell you also ... most of my friends happen to be slovaks though, 
  france ... i was in the south but everybody was so nice ... the food was so good ... everything was so beautiful ... the weather was perfect ... and i really would n't mind moving around nice which is where my girlfriend is from, 
  ha well it seems every time my company leaves prague for team building we are never allowed back at the hotel again . 
  thank you slovakia for having some of the coolest people in europe going on team building here in prague is no fun if there are n't any slovaks, 
  refugees contribute to europe more than hinder it, 
  yeah unfortunately we do n't have many options for public transport so driving is almost a necessity, 
  cost ??? 
  length ???? 
  haha dude depending on what state you are in there is no length ... when i was 16 i showed up at the dmv ( our government driving place ) to get my license and i took a 10 minute written test then took a 15 minute drivers test ... it cost me like 30 bucks ... 
  when i got my drivers license in europe i had to pay 500 bucks and take a shit ton of lessons ... i hated having to do it after having my drivers license in america for 8 years, 
  i guess it depends on what he was doing ... i 've heard there is a huge amount of brits working in america illegally ... but i 'm personally more conservative in this matter and would n't want to get kicked out of america forever if i got caught working illegally . . but that being said i have no problems with brits moving to america and i wish that our countries made it easier to live in one another ... for example have a youth visa or something ... it would really help americans become more international if we had more opportunities ... 
  but if you come visit just pick a bunch of places you want to see rent a car and just go for it ... driving in america is real cheap and people will always want to help you out during your travels and give you tips of what to do ... especially because of your accent, 
  well honestly being from britain you 'll have almost no trouble fitting in ... my colleagues who lived/worked in america always say as long as you do n't talk about religion or politics you 'll be fine ... 
  some things you should do is travel all throughout the usa before you leave to see where you want to live ... its a very diverse country and it has a lot of different options ... good luck on your green card, 
  to be honest i have no idea ... i guess growing up i would see mostly american or japanese motorcycles ... somebody who is more of a motorcycle enthusiast would have to answer this one . 
  well people really like bmws audis and mercedes ( german cars in general ) ... we do n't have any of the french car companies or seat , skoda , dacia so i do n't think anybody has any opinion on them ... fiat just recently came back and i do n't think many people even know they exist still ... 
  i 'm sure somebody could answer this question better than me ... but it sounds like denver would be good also ... have you ever visited the us before ? 
  there are so many cities that have a lot of outdoor activities near it ... if you visited youd be able to see a bunch of them and see what you like ... i had an ex that lived in charlottesville virginia ... a small city but its surrounded by mountains and it was really beautiful and seemed like an easy place to live, 
  well all my czech friends are always talking about `` the nature '' so i would assume most czech people would like somewhere were you can go hiking and have a lot of wilderness around ... but i guess it depends on what you prefer in life ... do you like big cities , small cities , the ocean , somewhere really secluded ... my best friend here in cz lived in a suburb of boston for 10 years on the beach and he dreams of going back . . one of my other czech friends lived in san francisco and also dreams of moving back ... the good thing about america is that there is almost every kind of situation for each individual . 
  is n't it an irish word ? 
  this may seem weird but when i was growing up in america people were indifferent to europe ... sometimes you would hear girls talk about how they dream of moving to france but that 's all i can remember ... i think that being from a small town people were n't so interested in the rest of the world ... i do n't think almost anybody has a negative view of europe and im sure most people would like to visit it at some point in their life ... 
  i 'm an american who has lived in germany and czech republic and i think that you as a german would definitely like denver ... and to be honest unless you are living in a small town in america integrating is really really easy ... most people who think its really interesting that you have an accent and are from another country . . it would probably also really help you get girls, 
  that 's probably true it would be interesting if the map included the data about if it includes college students or not ... i guess since i moved a few states away it did n't feel like i was still living under my parents umbrella ... 
  well ... usually to go to university you have to go far away so you live there ... i would go home to my parents house only for a week or two in the summer time . 
  everything ?? 
  you guys have the best food in the world ... awesome history ... beautiful architecture ... live a healthy lifestyle ... i would think it would be pretty cool to be italian . 
  is this a cultural thing to move out so late or economic ? 
  all of my friends in america were moved out of their house at 18 and never returned home ... i personally love my parents very much but i could never live with them and when i was 18 i happily moved out . 
  haha woops ... well i meant that i only know prague well enough to comment on the rest of the country !, 
  i 'm not too bad with geography  ( i hope ), 
  public transportation in prague is literally as good as it can get ... and less than 30 euros a month ? 
  ca n't beat it, 
  i agree with you ... all of the czech girls and guys i know here convinced their foreign boyfriends/girlfriends to come back and live here with them ... most of my colleagues at work who left to live in another country all said they wanted to come back because they enjoy their life here ... 
  american who lives here !, 
  prague with out a doubt would be classified as a 1st world country ... people here are generally well off and it 's quite easy to live a middle class life here ... something that was really interesting to me was that when i first went to southern moravia for the first time ( south eastern czech republic ) i was expecting it to be run down and poor and what i found was something totally different ... even in the country side houses were well maintained and painted in bright colors ... and the whole area was beautiful with its many wine cellars , rolling hills and awesome people ... 
  while that is said the salaries in this country are still low but i really believe its becoming better at a good rate ... i 'm excited to live here and see what happens, 
  ehh i feel like this is reaching in regards to americans not knowing who the cherokees are ... i know everybody claims they are like 1/32 cherokee ( bullshit ) ... i feel like maybe one or two people did n't know what these things were and now you are generalizing ... also i am from these so called isolated small towns that people do n't `` catch '' on much ... i grew up with the internet and i had really good schooling ... just because you 're from a `` small '' town does n't mean you are isolated from the world ... we learned everything that everybody else does and we would go on class trips to museums and what not ... my town was definitely progressive and to say only boston and new york are the progressive parts is quite ignorant ... 
  i know you did n't mean to attack me , and i do n't feel offended especially because i left the usa for my own reasons ... but i 'm just trying to fight the ignorance in this thread, 
  my girlfriend is from nice , france and the lifestyle her and her family have there is incredible ... i could totally live there, 
  after living in europe and in the usa ... they are n't that far apart ... we are a little more aggressive but i doubt anymore so then people in the uk esp in london, 
  yikes ... as an american who left for europe . . i feel that a ton of people in this thread are really uneducated about how life is really in america ... firstly i 'm sure if you get a job in america it means you have some skill . . and we pay our skilled workers really really well ... where i 'm from upstate new york was is not so different then europe and i 've lived in germany and in the czech republic ... people keep saying they do n't want to live their life as a number ? 
  when i worked in it in america i got 4 weeks of vacation and made a really good salary for entry level ... but are n't you a number anyways when you work ? ... might as well make more money for doing it . 
  also while some people are ignorant they are usually in the places you wo n't be living in anyways ... the whole north east i think is pretty progressive and the standard of living is really high and you will find that most people really are n't that ignorant ... with the whole healthcare thing i agree the whole system is fucked ... but if you have a good job some of the best healthcare in the world will accompany it . 
  look i know there is a lot of problems in the usa but it 's really not that different than europe ... sure a lot of us are ignorant loud and annoying but you 'll see that in many areas it tends to be the opposite . 
  i never talk about politics with my friends none of us own guns i 've never witnessed crime or anything crazy . 
  where are you originally from ? 
  can i comment ? 
  i am an american living in the eu more specifically prague the things i miss the most is the variety of food we have in america . 
  thanks to all the immigrants we have i can get any different i can possibly imagine without much trouble . 
  i also miss the salary i had in the usa ... we do seem to get paid a bit more than here in europe ... however i really love living in prague so it more than makes up for my lower salary ... 
  i also miss my family and friends of course but i still get to see them a few times a year . . other than that i do n't miss america all that much ... i really like my home country but i really like the experiences i 'm getting by living and working here ... my girlfriend who 's not american really wants to move back to america with me but i do n't think she understands that america might not be the best place to get entry-level work experience due to low vacation days and lots of extra hours ... so who knows what my future plans will be, 
  are most of young greek people leaving and finding jobs in other eu countries ? 
  here in prague we have tons of italians french and spanish but i have never met anybody from greece . 
  i 'd imagine they would want to get out to find some work before going back home . 
  i really hope that there are survivors ... 
  this really does n't help my fear of flying, 
  i also helped ... this does n't really surprise me ... in prague there are huge amounts of foreign workers that come here every year now for working ... where i work in prague i almost never here czech it 's mostly french/english/spanish, 
  i am an american who is living in the czech republic and i just wanted to say i have never been in a society where everybodys wages seemed so similar to each other ... in the us depending on your profession and experience salaries are insanely different ... it is nice knowing that even with a not so good job here i can easily survive and live a `` middle class '' life ... i feel like a very big part of prague would be considered middle class and its one of the reasons i really like living here ... 
  how much is enough ? 
  is n't your minimum wage like 7 pounds an hour ? 
  with tips you usually make way more than this in the usa, 
  but what about moravia or silesia, 
  ukraine is important obviously because joe biden needed to give his son a job . 
  as an american who lives here i realize that day to day life is basically the same ( i 've lived in germany , czech republic , new york , virginia , pennsylvania ) i also realize that there is so much misunderstanding from both sides about each other . 
  in both germany and in the czech republic i have been asked how many murders i have seen , or if i have ever owned a gun . 
  funnily enough i had never seen a gun in my life until i came here to prague where if you 're friend has a license you can go shooting with him . 
  it 's not really my thing but it 's actually kind of fun to go to a shooting range . 
  i have also noticed about how curious people are about talking to an american about politics . 
  i have no strong political views and it blows peoples minds . 
  they ca n't believe i 'm apathetic towards politics in the usa . 
  on the other side my american friends ask me really bizarre questions as well . 
  they usually are most curious about how much money i am making and how much % is gone after i pay for taxes , healthcare , social etc. 
  the one thing that all of my friends are super jealous of is my vacation time , otherwise they do n't really `` get '' why i would accept so much money less to live here . 
  overall , i would say there is a lot of misinformation about each other out there and i would recommend living in another country for a period of time either on a j-1 visa for europeans or an internship for americans . 
  i think both sides would be pleasantly surprised . 
  my prices have stayed almost exactly the same . 
  i do n't pay anymore in rent or on groceries . 
  why would she even comment on something like this ?
