  i 'm trying to learn but it 's really tough . 
  i learned german completely conversationally after a year of living there but after 3 years of living here i still ca n't grasp it so well . 
  i 'm from america and confirm i also work with a ton of spanish/italians and a few americans/canadians/australians . 
  most of us were brought here because we have a so who either is czech or european . 
  i came here to be with my girlfriend but i have stayed now for a few years because i really like living in prague . 
  everything is super convenient and since i work in it the col for me here is great . 
  i can save a ton of money each month since everything else in this country is so cheap . 
  i think czechs tend to be a bit harsh on their country and i lived in germany before and i honestly prefer living in the czech republic a lot more as does my french girlfriend . 
  i do n't see anybody here saying anything nice about slovakia so here i go . 
  most of my friends are slovaks . 
  they tend to be the most fun people to hang out with . 
  good i 'm glad . 
  all of these rich americans bitch and complain about how much taxes they have to pay when in reality it 's nothing compared to most rich countries and with how complicated our tax system is you can find huge loopholes . 
  i do realize the wages in it are higher but i know a lot of other people not working in the field who are also doing quite well . 
  i do n't know of anybody who wants a job but ca n't find one no matter the field they are in . 
  the economy in prague is just pretty good overall . 
  alright i was gon na say most of my friends in it are making around 60,000 per month and are not 30 yet . 
  this lets you lead a really good life here in prague . 
  well being happy is imo the most important thing . 
  only 1k euro on average ? 
  i thought i was way underpaid but if what you 're saying is correct than i am not doing as badly as i thought . 
  it 's not so bad if you 're in it . 
  i can still save over half my check each time i 'm paid . 
  i feel like you can see the economy improving every day here in prague . 
  it 's a really good time to live here . 
  retail gets murdered in the us . 
  they get no benefits , get paid minimum wage and get usually no more than 10 holiday days a year . 
  you 'd have to kill me before i 'd work retail in the states . 
  i thought you were right but check [ this out ] ( http://www.payscale.com/research/us/job=locomotive_engineer/salary ) who knew they were making so much ? 
  it also says locomotive engineer but according to the description it is the person who drives a train . 
  there are high paying jobs in tech almost everywhere in the states though . 
  you do n't need to live in san fran or seattle . 
  you can live in raleigh or a lot of the times there are offices in smaller cities where it 's even cheaper . 
  meh you can make six figures though living almost anywhere though . 
  you could be in the raleigh area and make six figures and it 's stupidly cheap to live there . 
  meh i make the same amount of money here as i did in germany . 
  my money just goes way further here . 
  the best way by far is to get a freelancing visa for the czech republic . 
  i came on this and so have many other people that moved here . 
  you do n't need any specific skills . 
  you just need to be able to do something in a freelance position . 
  this could be teaching russian or web development or anything you can possibly think of . 
  i know of a guy who uses this visa to design furniture . 
  this is a great country to raise a family in, 
  are you [ sure about that ] ( http://imgur.com/lfx5fah ), 
  i do n't think so . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/lfx5fah ) is the list of tourists coming to the states in 2013 . 
  that is a lot of people . 
  there are so many french and german tourists every year to the us . 
  i ca n't believe that the government would ever want to lose money . 
  it seems to be the only thing they care about, 
  does n't france still have a high birth rate and i would say they are one of the most `` sexually free '' countries in the world, 
  hopefully nobody was injured . 
  i ca n't read swedish and my google translate did shit for me so i have no idea, 
  really well done 10/10, 
  where else would american 's get good chocolate from ? 
  the only problem is if your a cs grad you can also probably get a job in australia , canada , or the states where the salaries are double that in germany . 
  most of my colleagues all end up in those 3 countries and when i was working in germany it was the same phenomenon . 
  wow i would love to see this for prague as well . 
  this is a great picture, 
  you searched detroit ghetto images hahahahah . 
  you can go on google maps too and just walk around the city , it 's all burned out as hell, 
  hahaha looks like a good night out to me . 
  my `` go to move '' is usually passing out on the tram and going back and forth a few times . 
  i feel safer living here in prague than i have in any other city i 've been before . 
  i stagger home drunk every weekend and nobody has ever even approached me . 
   `` there is little doubt that sustained lower oil prices will eventually have consequences ; we will be less rich than we thought . 
  this of course means that we will be putting smaller earnings into the fund and the growth in our expected real return will be smaller , so they are still putting money into the fund even though they are hitting `` record lows '' for norwegian standards this may be bad but for everybody else it seems like it wo n't get so bad . 
  you count how many friends you have ? 
  in some village on the mediterranean in the south of france . 
  i love the food and people there and the weather is amazing . 
  my girlfriend is from there and i try to visit as much as possible . 
  the only problem is to work there i 'd need to be fluent in french and at the moment i 'm a bit too lazy to learn . 
  we had people call bomb threats at my school all the time also growing up in the states and i 'm from a small town with no crime at all . 
  it would always turn out to be some kid who just wanted to play xbox and his dumbass thought to get off of school he should just call a bomb threat in . 
  they caught the person every single time . 
  it 's paid ... usually what companies do to entry level people is give them 2 weeks of paid vacation with 5 sick days you can use as vacation as well . 
  so it 's more or less 3 weeks off . 
  true that . 
  i went from having 3 weeks as a new graduate in america to having 7 weeks this year in the czech republic . 
  new graduates in america do n't get any of the great perks that are guaranteed by the governments over here . 
  however the money i am getting is about a third as i was making in the states . 
  true that . 
  daycare is a huge killer in the states . 
  most mom 's end up either working part time or just stop working all together for a year or two . 
  here in czech republic childcare is quite cheap because of how cheap labor costs are here . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's cheap for the average czech though as i make a higher salary than the average person . 
  [ 20 % of people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affluence_in_the_united_states ) in the states make more than 52,000 usd . 
  however , if you are working at an office job this salary is kind of low ( depending on which part of the country you 're from ) for example an it job where i lived in america ( richmond , va ) the average wage would be around 90,000 usd . 
  however this same position in south carolina would be around 55,000 usd . 
  but now that i think of it if you 're working in retail or some other non office job it would be hard to reach that 50,000 usd mark . 
  we have such a huge problem with wealth inequality . 
  it 's easy to make a lot of money in the us but it 's also easy to get stuck in the lower rings of society . 
  which is something i hope gets fixed at least in my lifetime . 
  but at that point your company is paying for health care , so it 's not really so much of a cost . 
  but consumer stuff and houses are usually cheaper in the states as well . 
  however the one thing i have liked about living in europe is how much cheaper cell phone plans are . 
  my god , the price of my bill has gone down over 40 bucks a month compared to the usa . 
  but i agree the lower income earners are really getting screwed with limited access to health care and high expenses that come with being poor in america . 
  these issues kind of go away once you get into the middle class though .
