so you are telling me you could identify if person has mental issues by looking at 2 pictures in normal case . 
  come fucking on . 
  ok , we in the other hand get mostly those rich russian families with huge suvs ... you should n't claim something is absolutely true if you have no idea . 
  also what are student travelers doing in netherlands but not in amsterdam ? 
  and all the russians have been poor as fuck ? 
  the poor russians do n't travel . 
  the only russians travelling are high class . 
  they all are much richer than most people . 
  if you look at [ this guys comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2kjxsf/sketch_the_russians_are_coming_source_swedish/clm318a ) you can see the cars are quite new . 
  guy driving a 100 ' 000 $ bmw x6 or a mb suv probably does n't have money problems . 
  you do n't even live in a place with russian tourists so what do you base this claim on ? 
  yeah that was in news how british people think lidl is killing the christmas spirit . 
  but do n't you eat rabbits in uk ? 
  i 'd say bunnies are much more cute than reindeers ... 
  because estonian is n't a baltic language . 
  it is nothing like a baltic language . 
  it looks more like weird finnish and is readable to some point by finns . 
  never ever heard about using `` helleenit '' anywhere else than history books ... 
  finland should be part of west , not east though . 
  tradition i guess . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  i read that changing surname is n't a big problem for registered partnership . 
  it just is harder than for marriage . 
  yep . 
  it 's not that it 's a dangerous city . 
  this just happens . 
  like this case this year : http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-1288696787076.html and this from last year where one of my brothers friends got stabbed ( did n't die though ) http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-1288607929515.html, 
  in finland it 's some surname rules such as you ca n't take a combined name like johnsson-jackson and you ca n't change name as easily like in marriage but need to request it . 
  also you ca n't adopt children . 
  the biggest problem is when you go to some place else your relationship is n't handled as marriage . 
  yeah . 
  maybe i 'm just bit pessimistic because [ this ] ( http://www.iltasanomat.fi/kotimaa/art-1288749852427.html ) happened right next to my friends apartment two days ago . 
  yeah sony ericsson phones were the 2nd biggest brand in finland too after nokia in start of 2000s . 
  like at least as common as windows phones are now . 
  i have n't seen a ericsson phone for like 5 years now . 
  still double compared to most western europe countries such as sweden , germany , spain or italy . 
  finns like to get shitfaced and kill people . 
  it 's a sad truth . 
  does n't mean that uk is any better though . 
  finland has 2 times the homicide rate of most other european countries http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate, 
  * slavs ... only few russian minorities are fenno-ugrics . 
  moderate ... yeah sure . 
  france/spain use wine or as food drink every mral . 
  finns drink that same amount of alcohol in 4 hours and pass out . 
  i fall asleep cause i 'm studying swedish . 
  fuck university compulsory language courses . 
  swedish is n't that unique . 
  norwegian , danish , icelandic , german and dutch are all very close . 
  well probably less than from feeding snails and frogs to people but dude ... eww, 
  man , do you know anyone that does n't like pizza , spaghetti or lasagna . 
  that 's like straight from what 's your favourite food poll . 
  i remember from school those 3 were the top answers !, 
  police accidentally killed another police in training . 
  finland , from various news articles i concluded ( from year 2013 ) : police threatens people average 40 times a year with a gun , shoots average 10 to 15 shots per year but mostly warning shots . 
  they shoot around 1-2 people per year , mostly to legs . 
  3 people died in 2000s from police weaponry from one of which was an officer . 
  2000 : some man shot 3 times to legs after threatening police officers with a billhook , could n't get to hospital in time . 
  the shooting policeman was fined 3200 euros for use of excessive power . 
  2009 : police killed a man that had shot another man in his apartment . 
  2009 : police died in accidental discharge in training . 
  so we went nearly 9 years without a fatality . 
  although we are a smaller country . 
  did you even check the picture of helsinki :d ? 
  the tallest house in the whole country is probably that 14 store apartment building in the front . 
  someone has destroyed all the skyscrapers of berlin !, 
  what do we do !, 
  `` oh lets just put one fucking high building right over here for no particular reason '', 
  was in nizza ( nice ) , riviera hanged at the beach in middle of the night with local criminal gang . 
  nothing else than some of our beers wer stolen because apparently we were `` cool '' . 
  we had expensive phones that could 've easily been taken but yeah :d, 
  except it is not . 
  there are 1,3 million people living in that area : north karelia , savonia , middle ostrobothnia , northern ostrobothnia , kainuu and lapland, 
  lapland does n't cover half of finland ... 
  most of that area is n't lapland . 
  laplands population is so low they ca n't possibly skew the graph . 
  under 15 % of population living in that area live in lappland . 
  here are the borders of lapland http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lapland_ ( finland ) source : living in that area and definately not in lapland . 
  excluding us * the law was made in uk i think . 
  applies in all eurocountties, 
  yeah . 
  it was snowing one week ago even in southern finland . 
  this is madness . 
  i thought 8 hour work days became a thing in all western countries like 50 years ago ? 
  19 you say ... 
  i 'd be more than happy about that http://ilmatieteenlaitos.fi/saa/oulu not even counting it 's really fucking windy . 
  coldest summer in 40 fucking years . 
  pe , la , su , ma , ti , ke fri , sat , sun , mon , tue , wed respectively, 
  holy fucking shit . 
  in finland we had school from 8 to 12-14 in elementary school and 8 to 15-16 in middle and high school . 
  what the fuck is this . 
  even adults are n't allowed to do longer than 8 hour days . 
  why are children forced to do 10 hour days ? 
  pasha like we call it here tastes good yes  even we rarely have it when we are busy eating m\u00e4mmi . 
  well i had one easter egg with a candy inside in finland but i think it was a production fault as the other ones did n't . 
  btw . 
  your eggs are pretty hilarious because paska means shit in finnish :d, 
  paska means shit in finnish :d, 
  i do n't know the special deal about m\u00e4mmi . 
  yes it looks a bit weird but it tastes delicious with cream and sugar . 
  many people that dislike m\u00e4mmi have n't even tasted it or tried it without sugar .
