  it 's made from rye , syrup and malt . 
  that 's why it 's black . 
  0 missed countries . 
  i learned all the countries of the world in elementary school as a hobby . 
  i was in army last fall and they taught us to use vehicle mines that which in case of war would be used also as infantry land mines and like you said . 
  all the landmines are just in the storage at the moment . 
  umm [ this is the map of finnish language borders ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/languages_of_finnish_municipalities_%282009%29.svg ) . 
  beige is finnish only municipality red is bilingual municipality with finnish and sami . 
  blues from lightest to darkest are : bilingual municipality with finnish majority bilingual municipality with swedish majority swedish only municipality - only places in finland that are swedish only outside of \u00c5land are n\u00e4rpes , korsn\u00e4s and jakobstad - biggest city that is mostly swedish is raseborg ( 29 ' 000 people , 65 % swedish ) - the percentage of swedish speakers in finland is ~ 5 %, 
  it 's completely same as in finland but look at that year 1992 of finlands great depression . 
  ca n't keep up with all the laws : /, 
  i know that . 
  i do n't mind though :p goodwins law and all that shit . 
  like i said . 
  being a parent does n't increase your knowledge . 
  i 've seen over a thousand people naked growing up and so have millions of other finns . 
  i 've never heard of a single case of a child getting trauma from seeing a naked adult in a non-sexual setting . 
  there is no chance i would ever shelter my children by not taking my children to sauna and swimming which i think are the core parts of my culture . 
  there is no wrong in naked people other than some ancient book saying it 's shameful and you still have n't explained how seeing a naked person affects a child . 
  even your link said children are innocent and see no wrong in nudity meaning it 's natural and does them no harm . 
  no i wo n't understand this when i become a parent . 
  neither do the other millions of parents living in this country . 
  i think the way you think is toxic . 
  you repeat what people tell you instead of saying why . 
  you really are quoting bible as scientific proof ? 
  that 's fucking hilarious . 
  what next ? 
  quoting lord of the rings as proof that elves exist ? 
  i do n't really care if you are a christian but really ? 
  even an idiot should know that bible ca n't be quoted as scientific truth . 
  and your source does n't even say it 's harmful to children . 
  just embarassing and shameful . 
  so are adam sandler comedies and you but we still do n't hide either from children . 
  you do realise the fact that you got kids does n't make you any more right or less retarded ? 
  you do n't have to be a smart person to be able to put a penis in a vagina . 
  it 's not rocket science and considering you have no idea what man of vitruvius is you probably are n't that smart . 
  these things considered i 'm absolutely sure having a kid does n't give you a psychology degree and information how children are affected by a human body in it 's ** natural state ** . 
  would be interested to see any scientific back up you have because right now you just come of as a super ignorant moron . 
  it is an anatomical graph . 
  it is famous because it is one of the first pictures that correctly demonstrates proportions of humans . 
  the legs and hands are there to show two different poses . 
  the picture you linked is obviously drawn as ambiguous and suggestive . 
   do people wear clothing in finland ? 
  if yes , then you 've already conceded this argument . 
  you 've agreed that the human body needs to be concealed . 
  we wear clothes because it 's fucking cold outside . 
  you really ca n't go outside naked when it 's -40 f outside can you ? 
  people go naked to sauna all the time and we still do n't have kids go mental because they see a couple penises . 
  oh my fucking god ... have you really never seen vitruvian man . 
  seriously ? 
  really ? 
  it 's anatomical graph of a male from 1500th century made by leonardo da vinci . 
  probably one of the most famous pictures ever to exist . 
  what kind of a rock do you live under ? 
  oh my gawd it 's a naked man !, 
  land of the free . 
  where showing blood and gore to children is ok but show a thing the children can also find in their own fucking pants and people go insane ... 
  it 's a penis . 
  it 's not like the coin has people fucking on it . 
  family values and improvement in rural areas . 
  and again a loanword . 
  if word has a difficult or a modern meaning and is exactly the same as in english it 's probably a loan ... 
  i live with 450 $ a month in finland as a student and so do at least 100 ' 000 other students . 
  i could easily do 300 $ if we got extra room mate and stopped drinking/eating out . 
  and 7,8 k $ is enough to live and not go homeless/starve -  proper welfare system . 
  -25 to -35 c, 
  but in other countries crime is going down . 
  in sweden it is n't . 
  then it 's just plain false . 
  army has easily over million guns . 
  actually it is n't so rare to find girls going to sauna with the guys in parties . 
  not all , but some . 
  there 's also mixed public saunas in some spas . 
  yeah we had one night from the whole 6 months when all the higher rank workers were on a meeting and we goofed around and ran around naked with gas masks on . 
  the guy writing is so fucking butt hurt over the smallest things . 
  no fun allowed !, 
  it 's even worse in german . 
  it means sour too but it also means pissed off . 
  if you wonder the ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) reply you got `` rakastan kylm\u00e4ll\u00e4 s\u00e4\u00e4ll\u00e4 '' is not what you want to say . 
  rakastan kylm\u00e4ll\u00e4 s\u00e4\u00e4ll\u00e4 means `` i love in cold weather '' . 
  which sounds more like `` i make love in cold weather '', 
  i do n't know anyone with a mortgage that is my age ( 22 ) . 
  what he said is that if you did have mortgage government would pay for it while you serve . 
  there is no reason to get mortgage while you study in college/uni because you will lose your 200 $ / mo housing aid . 
  most of the time people move away from their parents after the army though . 
  it takes quite a lot of effort to clean and cook after a heavy two week camp . 
  i personally moved away from home after i finished army and so did most of my friends even we lived right next to university . 
   you sound like one of those people that claim the human eye could n't have evolved because it 's much too complicated . 
  there 's nothing too complicated about human eye why it could n't evolve . 
  most animals have eyes . 
  it 's not like humans went from not having an eyes at all to all functional eye in a single generation . 
   and as you noticed yourself because same-sex couples are infertile there is no evolutionary advantage or even need for them . 
  yes . 
  there are also other negative things in genome like down 's syndrome or haemophilia . 
  not everything that evolution brings is positive . 
  -- and about the impossibility of going from two sexes to one sex . 
  yeah it technically is n't totally impossible but these things need to happen : - there is a person born with a penis , testicles , vagina and ovaries . 
  - this person has a mutation where they can produce both eggs and sperm . 
  seems very unlikely considering testosterone that is needed to make man fertile has the opposite effect on women . 
  keep in mind that pretty much all hermaphrodites are infertile .
