ttip is n't dead . 
  `` mr. gabriel ( the german vice chancellor and economy minister ) , said he was `` very satisfied '' with the judgment and cast the success with the canadian agreement as paving the way for an eventual deal on t.t.i.p. '', 
  looks like this could make the ttip deal a reality . 
  i could see it passing even though its facing resistance in both eu and us . 
  props to the people working for east stratcom . 
  it sounds like a incredibly frustrating job . 
  quote from the article : `` the east stratcom team is the first to admit that it is outgunned : the task is overwhelming , the volume of reports immense , the support to combat them scant . 
  the team tries to debunk bogus items in real time on facebook and twitter and publishes daily reports and a weekly newsletter on fake stories to its more than 12,000 followers on social media . 
  but its list of 2,500 fake reports is small compared with the daily churn across social media . 
  catching every fake news story would be nearly impossible , and the fake reports the team does combat routinely get a lot more viewers than its myth-busting efforts . 
  east stratcom is purely a communications exercise . 
  still , team members , most of whom speak russian , have received death threats , and a czech member of the team has twice been accused on russian television of espionage . '', 
  the fact that you brush this off as `` trite cliches '' and `` poor journalism '' ... did you not read who she interviewed ? 
  did you not see that she actually gathered facts and asked peoples opinions on the matter ? 
  ( which is far more than what you 've done ? ), 
  if you actually read , then you 'd understand that she is continuing her report from a little while ago which i posted before . 
  i find it interesting and i do n't see much on it here which is why i post it . 
  if you disagree that 's fine , but actually read and provide something to back it up . 
  and i can tell your scared/insecure because you just went on a comment rampage all over a little article that is looking a small but real part of german culture , politics , and history . 
  and you say i am doing it because i have an agenda . 
  well news flash : the world does n't revolve around you and sometimes people do n't have some ulterior motive to try and get advantage of you or make you feel bad . 
  there 's no agenda . 
  thanks for checking out the article . 
  i am not gon na check back on it again . 
  i 'd rather play pokemon than be insecure and ignorant as you . 
  speaking of i 'll do that now . 
  why are you so scared of a reporters findings good lord . 
  she 's done more work and research than you probably have ever done . 
  and you just want to ignore cause its from a certain country . 
  so delusional it hurts . 
  thanks for the summary . 
  good to see some people actually discussing the article rather than just posting `` why is this from usa ????? '' . 
  i did n't know this was such a sensitive subject . 
  shes reporting on a trend that she is seeing and giving updates on it as it progresses . 
  and thank you for a nice reply rather than the bullshit comments ive been getting . 
  holy moly your insecure lol, 
  your head has to be waaaaay up your ass if you think that 's the reason . . 
  two questions : do you always dismiss info based on its country of origin ? 
  and 2 . 
  after reading it , why do n't you post a counter argument with sources since the journalist who wrote the article clearly has done some research ? 
  `` as mr. fillon has plummeted in the polls , the presidential race has unexpectedly opened up to two maverick candidacies . 
  the far-right national front 's marine le pen and an independent , emmanuel macron , the former economy minister , are now seen as likely to face each other in a runoff in may . '', 
  china , india , and africa would like to have a word with you . 
  pretty sure they would gotten on fine without europeans . 
  so you can stay where you are . 
  particularly interesting bit of the article : `` the party is polling at nearly 15 percent , ahead of some mainstream parties , for this fall 's national election . 
  its rapid rise demonstrates that german nationalist politics can find a foothold in unexpected places , for example among educated young people like those at tuesday 's rally . 
  those 20-somethings , many in coat and tie , looked clean-cut and primly trendy . 
  most of the men wore their hair buzzed close on the sides and long and floppy on top , separated by a severe side parting that seemed unmistakably evocative of hitler 's . 
  mainstream parties in germany have long eschewed charisma-driven politics -- in the style of personality-centered movements -- and have avoided shows of overt nationalism . 
  but that leaves an opening : a populist party like alternative for germany can indulge those ideas just enough to excite its supporters without scaring off larger groups of voters . 
  the alternative for germany supporters who were gathered in dresden , the capital of saxony , seemed animated in a way that is unusual when it comes to modern politics in germany . 
  most germans rarely feel allowed to get excited about their political beliefs or , just as sensitive an issue , about their national identity . 
  the atmosphere lent the evening a feeling of thrilling transgression , as if the act of cheering half-forbidden ideas was as important , or perhaps more so , than the ideas themselves . '', 
  as an american interesting to read about how far right ideals take different forms in other countries . 
  every country seems to have people who agree with parties like this . 
  `` about 80 percent of all herero , who numbered as many as 100,000 , are believed to have eventually died . 
  many perished after the battle of waterberg : they were shot , hanged from trees or died in the desert , where the germans sealed off watering holes and also prevented survivors from returning . '', 
  `` in germany , the genocide in namibia has been debated a couple of times in the past year in the bundestag . 
  but in the country at large , the genocide remains mostly unknown , unmentioned in german schools , just as it is still largely unmentioned in namibia 's classrooms . '', 
  its scary how something so terrible can be easily forgotten . 
  colonial amnesia still seems a problem for former colonizers . 
  i hope we can help them make it a better place . 
  lol `` international aid '' the western world screwed over africa with european colonization , cold war proxy wars , and making sure they stay at the bottom of the economic ladder . 
  the west continues to make sure africa stays in the dirt and we have the gall to suggest that they are too lazy to fix their problems . 
  would you not seek out president of the german institute for economic research when discussing the future of the german economy ? 
  also they never said europe is replacing us with china . 
  only that china is making moves into germany . 
  this was addressed in the article . 
  backed by good reporting . 
  i have read the article . 
  except that it was marcel fratzscher , the president of the german institute for economic research that said this . 
  and the new york times is a world renowned newspaper who has definitely done more research on the subject then you seem to have done . 
  in no real sense is us considered an enemy of the eu . 
  you wo n't find any experts who agree with that statement . 
  full article : berlin -- exit president trump , offending almost everyone . 
  enter china , eager to talk . 
  in a geopolitical whirl this week , the new american president had barely left europe to face his russia troubles at home before chancellor angela merkel , the continent 's no . 
  1 leader , suggested that mr. trump 's america was no longer a reliably close ally . 
  an outcry ensued , with analysts on both sides of the atlantic talking of an epochal shift in relations . 
  and that was even before reports began to emerge from the white house on wednesday that mr. trump was expected to withdraw from the landmark 2015 paris climate accord . 
  but as ms. merkel 's busy diplomatic schedule this week seemed to indicate , she might have other options . 
  on monday and tuesday , ms. merkel hosted a big indian government delegation , including prime minister narendra modi , whom her spokesman made a point of calling a `` reliable partner . '' then , on wednesday , the chancellor welcomed li keqiang , the prime minister of china . 
  the money issue is china the world 's new colonial power ? 
  may 2 , 2017 the timing of the visits has intensified speculation that in the current febrile state of global politics , china in particular may prove a steadier ally on climate change and free trade than mr. trump , even if it comes with its own tensions and complexities . 
  `` trump 's turn away from america 's classic leading role is having a destabilizing effect , '' wrote henrik m\u00fcller , a professor at technical university of dortmund , in his weekly column on the global economy for der spiegel . 
  `` one consequence : global economic policy is sorting out in a new way . 
  the other two big economies -- the e.u. 
  and china -- are seeking new partners to work on the international problems . '' china 's prime minister underscored germany 's importance by stopping in its capital for two days of talks before going on to the european union headquarters in brussels , where mr. trump made such a poor impression last week . 
  he clearly frustrated ms. merkel by proving impervious to her requests , and those of other europeans , to commit to staying in the paris climate accord . 
  yet ms. merkel , campaigning for a fourth term from voters who cherish the environment but rarely coddle american presidents , insisted there was no rift . 
  but the chinese view mr. trump 's harsh behavior in europe as a gift to be capitalized on . 
  it helps beijing carry through on a long-term vision of china and the european union joining together as a geostrategic balance against the united states , some chinese analysts said . 
  `` possibly we will see an important shift in the china-u.s.-e.u. 
  triangular relations , with china and the e.u. 
  moving closer while the u.s. and e.u. 
  drift apart , '' said wang dong , assistant professor at the school of international studies at peking university . 
  `` premier li and chancellor merkel will likely reaffirm their commitments to upholding the paris agreements . '' baohui zhang , professor of international relations at lingnan university in hong kong , sensed major changes afoot , too . 
  `` li should be seen from a different perspective now by his hosts , '' he said . 
  `` i think europe in general and germany specifically are collectively experiencing a paradigm shift in their perceptions of u.s.-europe relations . '' in berlin , that view is shared by some analysts .
