  it 's a thing in east european countries for some reason . 
  catholics here like to refer to her as the queen of our people . 
  i cringe every time . 
  you ca n't become anything . 
  it does n't teach you how to express your thoughts or say anything useful or coherent . 
  i went through the duolingo spanish course thinking i knew some spanish . 
  then i took one semester of spanish in college ( nearly skipped esp 1 & 2 and wanted to jump to 3 thanks to thinking i knew something ... if i did that i 'd still be back there ) . 
  i learned three times more in 30 hours of classes with a proper teacher than i did in however many hours it took to complete duolingo course translating `` cat eats rice '' over and over again . 
  its structure does n't teach you anything useful , just some vocabulary at the level of a child learning colors and numbers . 
  i would n't waste my time on it again . 
  sometimes . 
  sometimes the airport explodes . 
  now you have a girl whose life is screwed over even more and family members one step closer to blowing something up . 
  next day the girls do n't show up to school . 
   the law would require private companies and government agencies to go through audits and receive certification that equal pay is provided , or they could face fines . 
  and what if there are performance differences between individual employees ? 
  it bothers plenty of people that pakistan has nukes , first of all . 
  as far as iran goes , iran is vying for dominance in the region with saudis and them acquiring nuclear weapons would push the region towards nuclear proliferation because their adversaries would want them as well . 
  then there 's a miniscule chance they might use them irresponsibly ( small , but not to be ignored ) . 
  and then there 's a chance that in event of political turmoil ( very likely , as the country has young population that is n't very fond of the government ) , those weapons could end up in the wrong hands . 
   height of its power power in absolute terms is n't useful here ; what matter is relative power . 
  unification of germany created a contender . 
  that 's why us committed many of those coups ; because many of those governments ( would have ) leaned towards the soviet union rather than us . 
  i wo n't speculate on what would 've happened if they had n't contained the spread of communist influence ... it 's possible it would n't have really mattered but it 's also possible international communist movement would 've grown strong enough to do incredible harm . 
  we also tend to imagine those overthrown regimes would 've been benevolent which is kind of wishy-washy . 
  that is not to excuse atrocities that happened in us backed regimes ( and still happen today ) but the alternative is rarely liberal democracy ; it 's often tyranny of another kind . 
  you can look at saudis and get angry at us but if the monarchy fell , it would be replaced by isis-like elements and if all that wealth fell into their hands it would be a disaster . 
  that does n't make the monarchy good . 
  you rarely get a choice between good and evil , you usually pick between different shades of grey . 
  you 're not reading anything i 'm saying , are you ? 
  but that 's what you ultimately end up with . 
  when british empire was strong , no one dared challenge it or disturb the borders significantly . 
  once it weakened , it left a power vacuum that allowed for more and more conflict that was unbounded by anything . 
  that 's precisely what i 'm talking about when i talk about a warlord who keeps peace over tribes . 
  he 's not some kind of hero archetype ; he 's a warlord who takes advantage of his power position but also keeps peace . 
  it 's easy to take that peace for granted but it 's unbelievably valuable and most people do n't understand how valuable it is until it 's gone . 
  people greatly underestimate the beneficial influence of us being a superpower . 
  they 're the reason local warlords and dictators do n't get grabby with their neighbor 's land and resources . 
  here and there one tries like when saddam invaded kuwait and us showed up . 
  they also made sure iran does n't get nukes . 
  and much more through diplomacy because we do n't know everything that happens behind closed doors . 
  if there was no one around to do that , world would be a lot more unstable place . 
  now of course , they also do a lot of abusive and short sighted nonsense , as did every superpower in history . 
  but the value of pax americana to our civilization greatly outweighs their mistakes and abuses . 
  they 're kind of like a warlord who keeps peace between tribes ; yea , he takes a tribute in various forms but it 's hell of a lot better than anarchy and warfare . 
  we 'd all like to think we 're past that and do n't need warlords . 
  but when push comes to shove and another saddam takes another kuwait , europeans sure as hell wo n't do shit about it , we know china and russia would probably do business with him and there would be nothing to stop him from taking more or from others to follow in his path . 
  it 's one thing to be spiritual and find meaning in it , it 's a whole other story when you follow dogma , think biblical stories literally happened and try to legislate bible into law . 
  you ca n't be smart and do the latter . 
  seriously . 
  i hate the bitch but the fact reddit is cheering this on is disgusting as well . 
  the law in question is bullshit and lifting of the immunity is obviously political . 
  this serves no one . 
  it just strengthens populists by letting them point at this and say the system is trying to shut them down, 
  the problem are still those who never leave that bubble, 
  as opposed to nationalistic people who are totally not insecure and trying to claim their countrymen 's achievements as their own somehow ? 
  there 's no we either way . 
  facebook . 
  every moron gets to share his worthless opinion and if it gets enough likes , it seems credible to other morons, 
   hole region sounds about right, 
  they lay many eggs so the numbers replenish fast, 
  sure is tight in here . 
  i never claimed otherwise , i just said us nominal is partly inflated due to health care and education costs . 
  i 'm right as far as 90 % of the developed world goes population wise . 
  there are about 50 mil people in the countries you listed ( minus uk which was falsely listed ) . 
  italy alone has more than that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29 looking at imf 2016 column . 
  us stays the same . 
  uk goes up actually . 
  and yes , you listed some small countries with high cost of living . 
  overwhelming majority of the rest of the developed world lives in places like japan , south korea , germany , france , italy , poland , spain and their gdp ppp goes up considerably . 
  you 're trying to gerrymander the results . 
  us gdp is inflated to a degree compared to other developed countries because of difference in how things are priced . 
  private health care and education for example are priced higher than exactly the same goods and services that are provided by governments in other places . 
  there 's a profit margin for hospital services , higher profit margin for pharma goods , profit margin for insurance companies , etc and it all adds up . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/post/why-an-mri-costs-1080-in-america-and-280-in-france/2011/08/25/giqavhztor_blog.html?utm_term=.cfa54e77c057  `` the united states spends more on health care than any of the other oecd countries spend , without providing more services than the other countries do , '' they concluded . 
  `` this suggests that the difference in spending is mostly attributable to higher prices of goods and services . '' because gdp is calculated based on price of the final product , us gdp gives off a false impression . 
  where were they before 8th century ? 
  so it 's men/boy 's fault that other men are raping them ? 
  this is what you get when you think of people as groups rather than individuals, 
  and who decides those rules if not eu states ? 
  in your mind they both make decisions and are oppressed by the decisions they make . 
  it 's like saying people in a country are n't free because they have to live by the rules their democratically elected government sets . 
  and what exactly is so oppressive about rules that prevent someone from pouring lead into the water supply ? 
  can you point out some of the legislation you find particularly objectionable ? 
  is there a legally equal civil union that makes this only a matter of name ? 
  whataboutism, 
  yea , that 's the only takeaway i got from the article . 
  but it does n't have a control group for other countries so i do n't know if that 's really low or just normal . 
  terrible article based on 2-3 anecdotal experiences . 
  control over currency matters when you have deflation and ca n't do anything about it because germans fear inflation . 
  japan 's debt is emitted in the currency they themselves control , which ca n't be said for any eu country because they share monetary policy with others who have conflicting interests . 
  the debt is also owed to mostly domestic creditors who would themselves be hurt if they tried to put too much pressure on government so there 's more codependency there . 
  which is not to say that level of debt is a great thing , but southern eu states are definitely in the worst position , despite having lower proportion of debt to gdp . 
  in addition to corruption and incompetence listed elsewhere , we have huge structural problems which are n't easy to solve . 
  we have one of the oldest populations in europe with a lot of middle aged people who retired early ( many unjustified ) as the result of war . 
  very few kids are being born and our pop is shrinking . 
  so there 's a big chunk of the population that produces nothing but gets retirement , health care , benefits , etc and working people have to pay more to support them on average than working people in other countries . 
  second is our currency , which is overvalued but we ca n't devalue it because we have an insane amount of foreign debt which will be unmanageable if we devalue the currency . 
  if we could devalue , we could become somewhat more competitive , but that 's not happening .
