  and i love the hypocrisy here because those white `` anti-gay fucktards '' do n't have the power either . 
  they lost the presidency by like 30-40 points . 
  so why do you seem to be bothered by them ? 
  whether or not someone has the power is not a criteria by which you judge them ; it 's their opinions and actions . 
  you can see how muslims treat gay people wherever they actually do have power . 
  your defense of them disgusts me because homosexuality is illegal in pretty much every muslim majority country and often punishable by death ( and enforced ) while you bitch and moan about some white grandma who does n't want marriage equality . 
  you 're full of crap . 
  where ? 
  in germany ? 
  most muslims there are turks who are on average much more liberal than most muslim populations . 
  let 's first start by noticing the staggering hypocrisy you just displayed . 
  you linked an article that is * literally * an anecdote and when i rebut with statistics , you 're suddenly concerned with statistical significance . 
  i really hope you appreciate just how full of shit you are . 
  it 's an icm study based on a sample of 1081 and they did face to face interviews . 
  they have n't released the breakdown by other characteristics but i do n't see how it matters . 
  even if the study was n't perfect , it 's hell of a lot more reliable than a shitty anecdote, 
  there may be rare liberal muslim pockets but on average , things are pretty bad . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law  however , when asked to what extent they agreed or disagreed that homosexuality should be legal in britain , ** 18 % said they agreed and 52 % said they disagreed ** , compared with 5 % among the public at large who disagreed . 
  almost half ( 47 % ) said they did not agree that it was acceptable for a gay person to become a teacher , compared with 14 % of the general population . 
  half of british muslims said they want homosexuality outlawed . 
  you may not have witnessed it but every indicator shows it 's there . 
  walk in front of it while holding another guy 's hand and get back to us . 
   sorry , i do n't think it 's fair to go by voxpops of surprised passer-bys . 
  i 've seen a lot of those vox-pops where the journalist goes out purposefully to get people say bizarre thing , by asking context-less questions just to trap people . 
  that 's who i 'm referring to . 
  if you know your ass from your face , such a question wo n't confuse you . 
  but far too many of them do n't . 
  they show up to these protests because all their friends are going and they want to virtue signal but they do n't really know what the hell is going on . 
  the number of people who go through life like that is absolutely staggering . 
  it 's highly unlikely a group would make such a mistake because people on top who handle pr will be somewhat competent but a good portion of the membership would mess it up in a heartbeat . 
  so yea , there are plenty of people out there who think palestinians = oppressed -  all palestinians = freedom fighters , therefore they support whatever group claims to be fighting for palestinians . 
  their position is based on half truths and it 's simplistic and stupid but there they are . 
  no , there really are people who support opposing extremes simultaneously because they do n't have a clue what 's going on . 
  it 's disturbing how uninformed most people who 'll show up at a protest are . 
  stick a mic in their face in front of camera and they 'll say the most politically correct thing that comes to mind even if it makes no sense . 
  because they do n't know the difference between islam , palestine and hamas , they 'll say they support them . 
  well what do you want , exactly ? 
  why do n't you hire people and pay them more than they bring in ? 
  also known as -10 %, 
  you 're never going to hire someone who does n't bring in more than they cost . 
  someone will have tinnitus in their search history soon . 
  too stable . 
  france and uk have highest muslim populations and have to deal with way more of this crap than other countries . 
  yea but good luck convincing another country to join a federal union with you if you do that . 
  still leaves plenty of money on the table to mess around with . 
  culture - if one country has problems with tax evasion and other does n't , cheaters get more federal funds . 
  if one country has a lot of corruption and awards contracts to brothers in law , it will spend more to accomplish less . 
  public policy - common federal policy is n't easy to agree on . 
  same as public support for various federal programs differs from massachusetts to louisiana , they would differ from netherlands to poland . 
  the number of things everyone can agree on is pretty low ; military and border security . 
  you can earmark it but then they can use their own tax income for corruption to a greater degree because the absolutely necessary stuff is taken care of by eu funds . 
  it 's not an easy problem to solve . 
  not to mention the biggest problem which is tax evasion itself in greece . 
  who the hell wants to pay taxes for public goods used by tax dodgers ? 
  it 's much easier to convince californians to send their tax surplus to mississippi than germans to send theirs to greece . 
  the public is nowhere near being willing to go along with it and i do n't see it changing anytime soon . 
  and there are still substantial differences in public polices and culture that would make common federal policy a dubious idea . 
  does n't matter . 
  iq of both countries goes up . 
  it would also mean you ca n't export anything outside of ez . 
  and the longer strong euro remains , the more you 'll buy stuff from outside of ez than from your own producers . 
  but they greatly benefit from common currency because their enormous trade sufficit does n't cause their currency to appreciate . 
  if eurozone countries had our own currencies , germany 's trade sufficit would 've been automatically reduced over the years because there 's a corrective mechanism through foreign exchange rates when trade imbalance takes place . 
  so right now they 're getting rich off of euro while countries with trade deficit are n't experiencing devaluation and thus ca n't climb out of their hole . 
  either germany makes up for that somehow or resentment continues to build and you get anti-eurozone and anti-eu sentiment ( which in this case is completely legitimate ) . 
  eu and eurozone are half finished projects . 
  you ca n't have monetary union without fiscal union . 
  you either roll back the monetary one or expand fiscal integration but current status quo is n't sustainable . 
   being used to make t-shirts or whatever in poor conditions can be life threatening also . 
  why do n't we just move 5 billion people from asia and africa into europe so few hundred million of us can work to house , feed and clothe them while they sit around collecting benefits without doing anything because they have no useful skills . 
   first of all that is possible you 'd just have to take a lot of money from the whealthy . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  first off , there 's not enough money in the world to throw at people to lift them to high standards . 
  second , even if there were , it would n't work because if you want 1st world standards of living in long term , you need 1st world level of productivity . 
  and as we see from migrants coming to europe , most are illiterate [ in their own language ] ( http://dailycaller.com/2015/12/08/65-percent-of-syrian-refugees-cant-read-and-write-join-workforce/ ) . 
  which means they do n't stand a fucking chance of every carrying their weight in a modern society . 
  they also do n't have the necessary knowledge to raise a kid who will be able to do the same . 
  it 's really hard to improve conditions in 3rd world countries . 
  we 've had aid pouring there for decades and good chunk of it does more harm than good because it 's simply stolen by cronies in charge . 
  nation building is not a matter of throwing money at people . 
  7th century christians also took a shit on it , that makes it alright to claim it , build your stuff there and ban jews from coming ? 
  jews are banned from entering the grounds * to this day * . 
  i was up there and they do n't let any kind of infidel set foot inside any of the buildings , you can only look from outside . 
  you do n't see that being done by any other group . 
  i went across the country and was able to enter any synagogue , church , etc and nobody asked what religion i follow . 
  i was thinking more of that entire complex and the fact it was a jewish holy site . 
  [ here 's an earlier victim of the same thing ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/46/jerusalem_old_city_%26_dome_of_the_rock.jpg/1920px-jerusalem_old_city_%26_dome_of_the_rock.jpg ) ( temple mount ), 
  then why bring up catholics at all ? 
  it was whataboutism . 
  you 're making the best the enemy of the good . 
  if what she does does n't perfectly fix everything , she 's faulty . 
  it 's quite clear you 're arguing like a lawyer . 
  and you do n't need to sell me on how shitty le pen is . 
  but it 's not like stopping muslim immigration is entirely about women 's rights ; it 's about crime , terrorism , freedom of speech , violence against lgbt , fiscal problems , unemployment ... there are host of reasons . 
  kind of a metaphor , is n't it ? 
  you end up with the same problem - there are people in your apartment . 
  it 's not like i 'm advocating for a repeal , i 'm just making a point that if i had to chose between not being able to marry and being beaten to a pulp , i 'll take the former and that 's why some gay people are voting for le pen . 
  and 2nd/3rd generation have much higher rates of fundamentalism so it will take hell of a lot more than 2-3 generations . 
  there are several orders of magnitude more muslims than neo nazis in france . 
  i 'm not talking about croatia .
