  there 's a lot of public debt so we ca n't have a new deal to jumpstart aggregate demand . 
  basically almost every instrument of economic policy is unavailable to us because we 're stuck in a stalemate waiting for global markets to pick us up ( which is n't happening because many of our neighbors are n't doing too well either ) , waiting for businesses to expand and innovate ( which is n't happening because they 're being killed by all kinds of fees designed to prevent massive deficits ) , waiting for old people to die so we do n't have to pay for their health care and retirement ( which is n't going to change because we 're not making new people ) . 
  so we 're stuck exactly where we are , as the image shows . 
  my precious, 
  expected to see barcelona/catalonia higher up if not at the top, 
  it does because the more guns there are in circulation , the easier it is to steal one or buy one from a legal holder who needs money quick . 
  black market gun prices in places like aus are astronomical compared to us which is swimming in guns . 
  why am i not surprised that scumbag is a trump supporter ... 
  we do n't need trump , we need the left to grow a pair instead of singing kumbaya and letting in anyone who knocks at the door . 
  and stop hiding crimes and statistics . 
  head in the sand strategy is n't working . 
  no , they 're not . 
  those jobs are gone , they 're not in uk anymore . 
  and if/when the industry comes back , it will be automated and they 'll still be out of a job . 
  lol, 
   there is a lot more of a sense of union within the us and within germany than there is within the eu . 
  yea , this is what it boils down to, 
  it works in us , it 's not that it ca n't be done . 
  the question is are people in rich countries willing to see their tax money going south . 
  and the answer right now is a resounding no , specially with the rise of populism as of late . 
  i think eu army would be a good first step towards fostering a sense of shared destiny but that alone is something that would take years and it 's only the first step . 
  meanwhile decades go by with this untenable monetary system . 
  i think it says a lot that islam apologists have to go back centuries to find something progressive in a muslim majority country . 
  you can call it a refugee crisis , i 'm just saying you should n't because even though they may fit a legal definition of a refugee , it does n't fit the meaning behind the word . 
  it primes people into thinking of them as a crowd fleeing a burning city with plastic bags rather than people who pay thousands of dollars to get from a third world country into germany or sweden . 
  look at you , mister `` what i have to say is so important it has to be bolded in caps '' . 
  my point is they 're not fleeing war as much as they 're fleeing living conditions they 're not happy with . 
  stop calling it a refugee crisis . 
  they 're leaving a safe country and trying to get into a richer one . 
  nah , they 'd drain adriatic and plant tulips there instead . 
  and then -1 population , -1 building and -10 happiness 6 months later, 
   nothing to do with religion . 
  italians have been grabbing our coast for all of our history , we would n't exactly be excited . 
  you ca n't integrate someone who does n't want to integrate . 
   how come someone more dynamic has n't come to the forefront ? 
  why do people expect their leader to entertain them ? 
  this is why people like trump can win ; it matters less and less how competent they are and more about how they present themselves . 
  i 'd put obama in the same camp as well . 
  he won because he is amazing at giving speeches and inspiring people . 
  but all of that is fluff because 99 % of his job does n't involve that . 
  we we lucky he was a relatively competent guy but it could 've gone much worse, 
  wish i could go back to see it in its prime . 
  i do n't understand why buying your own condoms / birth control is such a big deal ? 
  those are n't free even in countries with universal health care street cat calling is ridiculously common and i do n't understand why it 's acceptable . 
  the rest of your rant seems to be exaggerated and somewhat delusional, 
  they do n't hate you , that 's not what i said . 
  like bosnian poster said , it 's somewhat disrespectful to refer to them as honorary turks because of the history of conquest . 
  it 's quite clear you meant nothing ill , i 'm just explaining why he reacted that way . 
  bosniaks became muslim because they were conquered and pressured/forced to convert by ottomas . 
  that 's the source of their identity . 
  calling them honorary turks is like nazis calling conquered poles honorary germans . 
  it kind of ca n't not be disrespectful, 
  i know they censor history in turkey but come on . 
  wbc is literally 1 family . 
  russian homophobia is n't religious , it has to do with their macho thug culture . 
  most gay bashing thugs are n't even religious . 
  northern ireland is a fundamentalist shithole with a long history of religious wars . 
  it 's so disingenuous trying to present these two sides as equal in their homophobia in any way , shape or form . 
  in most western societies two guys can get legally married and few rare jerks are causing troubles . 
  in muslim countries even having sex is outlawed , you can be killed for it by the government or by an angry mob and there are rare people who are accepting . 
  this `` all religions have people who are arseholes in them '' routine is * technically * true , but the scale of bigotry between these two cultures differs by such a massive scale that such statements are disingenuous . 
  cultural/moral relativists like you pretend like there 's little difference but any honest analysis shows otherwise, 
  i 've never heard any evangelical group or individual seriously advance the idea that homosexuality should n't be allowed . 
  and i think if you did run a poll , overwhelming majority of them would reject any such outlawing . 
  it goes against the core of individual freedom we have in the west , there 's no way they would support it . 
  you can not underestimate how different ethos is in the west compared to much of the rest of the world in terms of individual rights and freedoms . 
  gay sex is literally illegal is almost every muslim majority country , often punishable by death . 
  we 're talking about outlawing homosexuality vs banning same sex marriage . 
  the two are orders of magnitude apart . 
  the ones whose government passed marriage equality ? 
  thanks , i really should start quoting people because it happens way too often . 
   please just get real . 
  queers are n't easily fooled , and you 'll never get us on your side until you stop treating us like fucking gullible morons fuck your identity politics . 
  i 'm gay and you do n't speak for me , stop pretending like gay people are a monolithic cult . 
  those of us who actually have the balls to stand up for our values and freedoms have no problem telling bigots where to stick it and how deep , regardless of what religion they follow . 
   without that info i do n't know if it was n't rigged by design . 
  therefore an anecdote is worth more . 
  yea , there is n't a shred of intellectual honesty in you , i 'm not gon na bother . 
  if all muslims were like german turks we would n't be having this conversation . 
  just look at the god damned article headline . 
  because the organizers and attendees are members of the christian right family values type of crowd . 
  you do n't really think muslims did n't show up because they 're actually in favor of same sex marriage , do you ? 
  the two groups do n't exactly run in the same circles and there 's quite a lot of animosity between them as it goes with monotheisms ; i would n't expect them to hold hands even on odd occasion when they agree on something . 
   everyone is white . 
  every single anti-gay fucktard in these photos are white as snow . 
  spare me your `` concern '' about homophobia . 
  whataboutism . 
  i 'm against those people as well . 
  let 's notice the difference between wanting to outlaw homosexuality and being against marriage equality . 
  and let 's also notice the fact that you call them `` anti-gay fucktards '' while simultaneously defending muslim bigotry which is obviously worse in terms of how far they want to go with repressing gay people . 
  it 's quite obvious you do n't hold muslims to the same standards you hold the native whites . 
  that 's bigotry of low expectations . 
   you hate muslims , that 's it . 
  you do n't give a fuck about gay rights , you just hate muslims . 
  own it . 
   here 's a thought ; i 'm gay and do n't give a fuck if some random muslim thinks i 'm the devil . 
  do they have political power ? 
  do they have a muslim party with influence ? 
  no they do not . 
  i 'm gay as well so you can piss off with your `` your do n't give a fuck about gay rights '' routine .
