  there are plenty of countries in this category that were never invaded which are absolute hellholes . 
  iraq did n't become a hellhole after we invaded , it was one for a long time , same with libya , syria , etc. 
  the ones we try to work with peacefully are hellholes as well , despite our best efforts . 
  it 's not us foreign policy that makes pakistanis commit honor killings , it 's not us foreign policy that makes saudis treat their women like cattle or chop off hands for theft and it also does n't make afghanis rape their boys or makes egyptians sexually assault their women in tahrir square . 
  this is not to say there were no fuckups , there were plenty . 
  but saying we fucked up those countries is laughable . 
  would you listen to yourself ? 
  just poland doing catholic things, 
   i think child abuse is at least just as common in muslim countries as it is in the west . 
  this part looked like false equivalence . 
  although when i read the whole chain again , i see it may not have been intended that way . 
  how wonderfully politically correct . 
  until you see the statics for how many little girls get married off to whoever can pay the most in most muslim majority countries or how many boys get raped in places like afghanistan/pakistan, 
  juries can be manipulated by testimonies , tears and they 're biased ( consciously or otherwise ) towards/against people who are/aren ' t like them . 
  there 's some merit in what you 're saying but i do n't see jury as a particularly clever solution to that problem . 
  does that girl have a right to not die ? 
  what is in your power to do is in your power not to do . 
  well you 're obviously not going to torture someone without having slam dunk evidence . 
  that 's why i listed khalid sheikh mohammed as an example, 
  that 's just a slippery slope argument . 
  there 's nothing noble about letting an innocent victim die because you would n't hurt the person who put them in that position, 
  you 'd seriously rather let the girl die ? 
  i do n't know . 
  a guy kidnapped a little diabetic girl and locked her up in a shed somewhere . 
  he gets arrested , we know he has her but he wo n't say where she is . 
  she 's going to die . 
  is it okay to torture him ? 
  i do n't have a huge issue with torture of people like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khalid_sheikh_mohammed whom we know is a truly nasty human being . 
  but i do have a huge problem with those against whom evidence is less than superb, 
  terrorism is an awful thing . 
  sedition against dictatorship is not . 
  as fucked up as guantanamo is , it 's not as bad as a dictator torturing and eliminating opposition . 
  what americans are doing is vaguely defensible , what putin is doing is not even remotely defensible . 
  intentions matter . 
  it makes a difference if you run someone over with a car by accident rather than running someone over because you want to murder them . 
  that 's just flat out wrong . 
  random iraqi insurgent is n't threatening american elite . 
  journalists and opposition killed by putin 's henchmen are threatening his regime . 
  it 's a bullshit false equivalence . 
  you do have a point but i do n't equate the two completely . 
  us did a lot of such things out of incompetence and stupidity , thinking it would work to stop terrorism . 
  russia does it because there 's a dictatorial regime in power that will maliciously destroy your life if you get in their way . 
  scummy thing to do either way , but intentions give russian scumbaggery another dimension . 
  ecb has been printing euros quite a bit and one of the reasons for it is to depreciate the currency and encourage exports . 
  americans have been doing the same since 08 but ecb was late to the party because of inflation fears . 
  printing was also done in order to combat deflation in some parts of eurozone . 
  so neither is it a bad thing that euro depreciated in the way it did , nor is it something `` nobody talks about '' because there 's nothing to talk about anymore ; it happened a few years ago , it was controlled and deliberate and the exchange rate has been stable for over a year . 
  taliban idiot . 
  it 's more about the fact war happened rather than cultural grouping . 
  but cultural grouping plays a massive role ; the mentality is very similar among ex-yu people . 
  corrupt communist regime played a huge part in making people not care about breaking the rules because everyone does it ; tax evasion , getting benefits you should n't be getting , contractors getting deals from their friends in the office , etc. 
  when `` everyone does it '' you get a feedback loop that ruins the economy . 
  this is more prevalent in ex-yu than in slovakia , czechia , poland and other ( relative ) success stories . 
  there was no coup, 
  kids these days, 
  nice , you found one country as bad as yours to make yourself feel better . 
  bosnian muslims are for the most part no different than other europeans . 
  they 're perfectly well integrated in all ex-yu countries , including slovenia . 
  what slovakians are thinking of when they 're asked that question are mid east muslims in the context of the migrant crisis . 
  no , he 's giving you an analogy . 
  english being lingua franca of europe has n't really been about uk membership but about english being dominant european/world language so no surprise there . 
  culturally , this region is much closer to germany and many spoke german because of history and influence of austra-hungary . 
  many people worked in germany before and it was seen as a place to go make some money and then come back . 
  france is completely alien and rarely/never mentioned around here , there was never much contact or shared history so it 's not a surprise most people headed to germany/austria/switz, 
  yes . 
  because a brand of wahhabi or wahhabi-inspired islam has gained or is gaining enough traction and becoming dominant in turkey and in most muslim majority countries . 
  if one of your states tried to secede , you bet your ass celebrities out there would be endorsing the union in exactly the same way . 
  that 's all legit , but our choice is between doing business with the likes of them or going back to horse drawn carriages and closing down big chunk of the industry . 
  it 's not about the money , it 's about the resources . 
   scripturally they may be the same , but western ones have gone through enlightenment . 
  ever seen someone get attacked in europe during lent for something like this ? 
  this is politically correct false equivalence . 
  scripturally they may be the same , but western ones have gone through enlightenment . 
  the discussion in christian/jewish majority countries is whether or not gay people can get married and adopt . 
  in muslim majority ones they get killed or imprisoned , no discussion . 
  the percentage of christians that would advocate something like that is < 0,001, 
  extremists of all kinds are ticking time bombs . 
  probably cause all the violent nutjobs are fighting in the east . 
  democracy is a curious thing sometimes . 
  funny how suddenly holocaust is real when it 's politically convenient for islamists . 
  they 'll deny it a week later when israel does something they do n't like . 
  i picked greece there because it was only country on the list with a huge maritime focus . 
  would 've been pretty weird for bulgaria to have dolphin as the national animal . 
  i 'm a simple man . 
  i see a picture of a tulip , i press netherlands . 
  because these kind of jokes were made impossible . 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
   destruction of western civilization rofl, 
  regardless , all the measures passed are just band aids . 
  the fact still remains greece can not and will not get the debt under control without forgiveness . 
  other countries are n't in such a bad shape but they might need help as well . 
  to a much lesser extent , though . 
  the leverage is germany would lose more as a result of greek collapse than as a result of forgiving debt . 
  but it 's a big play . 
  nobody wanted to be `` that guy '' if it went wrong , and plenty could 've gone wrong because post '08 was uncharted territory . 
  either way , the debt will have to be forgiven , at least partially . 
  there 's no way greece will ever be able to stand on its feet when there 's a sinkhole below them sucking a big chunk of their gdp on interest . 
  it 's the guardian , they 're the experts . 
  it 's cold in russia . 
  come with me , my van is a safe space .
