well that 's quite obviously wrong . 
  their bombs do n't discriminate between people who do and do n't oppose government policies . 
  different views ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  their view is you should massacre innocent civilians every chance you get . 
  i 'm supposed to see that as a `` different view '' and not call them terrorists for it ? 
  fuck you . 
  they 're not equivalent . 
  genetic modification is a method of creating new strains in a more efficient way rather than trial and error cross breading . 
  it 's completely laughable to compare it to ddt . 
  you could literally use this kind of bullshit logic against anything science produces , and people do . 
  from bullshit `` wifi will give you cancer '' to `` vaccines cause autism '' . 
  if you want to point at a problem with something , study it and see if there are any negative effects . 
  which has already been done but you refuse to believe it . 
  so there 's nothing fundamentally wrong with it , you just do n't like how efficient it is ? 
   to a change produced by gmo . 
  what change ? 
  i repeat : what is there in gmo that is n't there in an identical strain produced by cross breading ? 
  i do n't . 
  nobody says stop talking to them , but you ca n't ignore both past and ongoing terrorism , anti-semitism , jihadism , etc. 
  the stabbing campaign and instruction videos being posted online teaching people how to stab random innocent victims in the street ca n't be ignored . 
  turning a blind eye to terrorism for the sake of peace is a pathetic form of appeasement and it legitimizes terrorism . 
  corbyn knows that if he acknowledges their crimes , they wo n't speak to him anymore and that should tell you he knows deep down they do n't see those actions as wrong and they 're unwilling to live in peace . 
  i do n't know why he bothers ; you can see in every interview or piece of propaganda coming out of these organizations the burning anti-semitism and desire for another holocaust . 
  fuck , it 's in their charter as well . 
  this sums up the conflict . 
  neither of them want peace , not really . 
  israel sees that they can and will get away with annexation of huge parts of the west bank and most palestinians would rather see israel destroyed than recognizing and accepting the gains israel made over past few decades . 
   meaning that we still can not ascertain how human body will react to gmo in the long run react to what , exactly ? 
  what is there in gmo that is n't there in an identical strain produced by cross breading ? 
   in other words the changes gmo brings might be `` too much '' for a human body to adapt to in such a short span of time . 
  hence , we have to give it more time to see how human body reacts to long term `` exposure '' to gmo . 
  you contradict yourself . 
   we have n't had enough time with gmo products or technology to know which long term effects will they cause . 
  as i already said , we 've had thousands of years of eating modified crops . 
  just because these were modified in a lab does n't make them fundamentally different . 
  and all those things you linked are fundamentally different . 
  many properties gmos have can be accomplished by crossbreading after a lengthy , expensive process of trial and error which we 've been doing for thousands of years . 
  we 've had gmos for decades and there 's not a shred of evidence there 's anything wrong with them because it 's just * another * way to create new strains . 
  if these were synthetic organisms created out of nothing , i would understand , but this is virtually the same thing we 've been doing all along . 
  all the food you eat had its genes modified over thousands of years of agriculture , cross breeding and creating new strands through trial and error . 
  now a couple of guys do the same thing in a lab a you 're freaking out . 
  why , exactly ? 
  ignorance or desire to weaken germany ? 
  you answered your own question . 
  every country has higher up courts on national level that can overrule decisions made by local courts . 
  it 's still within domestic control . 
  i think what sweden did to itself will be a textbook case study for how not to handle immigration for generations to come . 
  thanks for taking one for the team , for science !, 
  but it was like doing an experiment to find out if it hurts if you slam your finger with a hammer . 
  this is not going to work if you guys keep posting everything in german . 
   corporations on the other hand just want to make money . 
  and you ca n't make money if your customers are dead . 
  tell that to general motors . 
  plenty of other cases of companies risking consumer health and not giving a shit , it 's laughable to argue the point you just made . 
  i can find valid ideas and navigate through it , so can anyone who 's willing to dig into it and and inform themselves . 
  i do n't think entire internet and media space should be baby-proofed because some people ca n't handle it . 
  of course it 's a giant shitshow , but who do you trust with the power to jail people over what can be said ? 
  what if that entity , after jailing irving decides to jail someone who actually told the truth ? 
  there 's no one infallible enough to hold such power . 
   the rest i agree with , but outright lying should not be protected by freedom of speech . 
  who 's going to decide what the truth is ? 
  i 'm not saying there 's any truth to what he 's saying but if you ca n't have a public debate about something , you ca n't dispel this kind of nonsense and it just festers underground . 
  things like that should be exposed , ridiculed and be allowed to get crushed in a marketplace of ideas . 
  i do n't trust anyone to read a book or listen to a speech and then decide whether or not i should be allowed to hear it . 
  yep , sadly , this is the case . 
  the values of r/europe are not the same as the actual values europeans hold . 
  i see a lot of wishful thinking in these posts . 
  things like irving serving time in prison for holocaust denial , people in uk getting arrested for mean tweets , people in netherlands getting visits from the police urging them to delete their social media posts regarding immigration and various blasphemy/censorship laws are a disgrace . 
  us handles free speech hell of a lot better than we do and if you compare the two , you 'll see we 're not doing as good as we could . 
  it 's interesting how someone decided to make an issue out of this for petty reasons while simultaneously letting a massive horde of people in without any documentation whatsoever . 
  i guess if americans want in , they should fly in from turkey or just wash up on sicilian coast . 
  from that side you do n't even need a fucking id , let alone a passport or a visa . 
  it 's annoying that extending criticism to your own culture/country for the sake of fairness and honesty ( which is a virtue ) has been turned into `` let 's show how virtuous and progressive we are by villainizing ourselves beyond what 's reasonable '' . 
  probably written by spaniards . 
  they act and carry themselves more like mobster thugs than a security service . 
   honor-shame culture in which what others believe matters much more than what people believe about themselves . 
  this puts slander and accurate criticism into the same category : no matter what the truth is , to be humiliated is always an insult . 
  this nails it i think . 
  great post . 
  why is free speech such a difficult concept for islamists ? 
  and i do n't mean that in a way that they do n't have a regard for free speech - it 's that they genuinely do n't * understand * it . 
  and then after that he told the israelites they can commit a genocide over the tribes in their promised land and take remaining survivors as sex slaves . 
  women only compartments is n't separation by gender ? 
  we 're talking about a death cult here . 
  life in prison is definitely the harsher punishment . 
  the point is that vetting wo n't protect you from terrorism . 
  it improves your odds , though , of course . 
  and it does n't take many people to do this . 
  9/11 was like 25 people and it changed the world as we know it . 
  if they ever get their hands on some wmds , it does n't matter if there 's 2 , 10 or 1000 of them . 
  they can render entire cities uninhabitable . 
  if disproportionate number of poles were blowing up airports and raping women/boys , i 'd be inclined to agree . 
  many of the terrorists are 2nd/3rd + generation who for various reasons did n't do well in life and resent the country they live in . 
  you ca n't vet against that . 
  cheers , 
  the gif never switches to 2010 for me , can anyone post that image ? 
  so many american documentaries do this , it 's crazy . 
  i opened one recently that sounded like a reality show / sports live commentary , i had to stop watching . 
  so much fake emotion and excitement .
