what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i wast just responding to a ridiculous claim he made . 
  nothing else . 
  are you for real ? 
  nokia had tons of smartphones before apple . 
  you do n't know shit . 
  please do n't comment on here like you do . 
  if scotland got its independence how would it effect the politics inside the european union ? 
  britain would surely lose some influence ? 
  maybe this is the right place to ask . 
  i 've been wondering for a while . 
  i 'm not trying to offend ( and i have no idea if this question is offensive ) but is there any desire in moldova to rejoin romania ? 
  you know full well that they 're not going to get rid of it . 
  in fact if we would force equality in this situation and have women be in the same shitty situation -  we would get rid of conscription . 
  i think that is the only way we would ever get rid of it . 
  for example people like you and politicians . 
  we are probably never getting rid of the conscription . 
  i want equality . 
  so women should be forced into this shit as well . 
  [ here 's one of those politicians . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riewc0voleu ) she 's supposed to be `` the finnish ombudsman for minorities '' . 
  ridiculous . 
  how is it equal then when only the men are forced into slave work ? 
  they 're probably never going to get rid of the conscription here so the only option for equality is that women are forced to do the civil service as well . 
  hopefully we can get some real sanctions against russia now . 
  we need to send a fucking message . 
  are you really on the run when you 're already in another country when they want to question you again ? 
  they cleared him to leave the country if you remember . 
  [ it 's also used in cosmetics . 
  ] ( http://voices.yahoo.com/human-foreskins-big-business-cosmetics-201840.html?cat=69 ), 
  what great allies they are . 
  another check from the fsb cleared and now you 're back here spreading your propaganda after that 21 day break ? 
  you have no idea what carpet bombing is . 
   ... and it 's not the refugees ' fault that they are here . 
  excuse me what ? 
  did you even read what you wrote here ? 
  was n't the battle of kursk the turning point of the eastern front ? 
  sweden can take em all . 
  i do n't want any of these `` refugees '' in my country . 
  many of these people are not poor ( relatively speaking ) . 
  they can afford the journey . 
  you do n't think being compared to a mass murderer is a bit libelous ? 
   ... nokia was n't making smartphones . 
  yeah i get it , nokia was technically making smartphones but not really . 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  i think you 're just revising history . 
  the first ios was abysmal compared to what nokia had . 
  it had no real multitasking , no copy & paste ( like what the fuck ) , no mms , no 3rd party apps just to name a few . 
  edit : oh yeah and no 3g support . 
  if you have nothing to contribute then fuck off . 
  you obviously do n't know anything about what happened . 
  why the need to comment ? 
   their big mistake was not noticing the shift to smartphone technology early enough . 
  you do realize that nokia was one of the first ones to make smartphones back in the 90s right ? 
  holy shit . 
  she should be fired . 
  what a fraud . 
  i hope tim hunt will sue her . 
  swedish user calling someone a racist . 
  what a surprise . 
  i bet they do n't prefer a bridge for this connection because there has to be a lot of ships in that area because of the kiel canal . 
  what 's your point exactly ? 
  if the system is compromised it can display the vote that you cast and still the election results could be altered slightly without anyone knowing about it ... 
  you 're pathetic . 
  first of all you did n't post that in this thread . 
  secondly in this thread you were talking about sexual assaults . 
   and my numbers were also official police numbers for 2015 what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i just provided the official police statistics that shows you that you were talking bullshit . 
  seriously stop guessing and trying to act like you know shit about this : [ from the official police statistics for the whole country in 2015 . 
  rape and sexual harassment are in different categories ) . 
  2262 of those the perpetrator is known and of those 419 were foreigners that is 18,5 % of the total to 15,4 % for last year . 
  rape total 1054 and 805 the perp is known with 222 foreigners 27,6 % of total to 23,8 % for last year . 
  sexual harassment total 284 and 180 the perp is known with 58 foreigners 32,2 % ( sexual harassment was a new category so there we ca n't know the increase . ), 
  all of these are obviously only those crimes that were reported to police . 
  everyone there should be deported back wherever they came from . 
  we do n't need these cunts in our countries . 
   race is n't raw data though . 
  it 's not a term that has a clear definition or meaning . 
  you 're mental ... 
  oh i think i missed that crusade . 
  any sources the war in iraq was a christian war ? 
  oh straight from your asshole ? 
   i 'm afraid i do n't understand what racism means, 
  must be tough living in all that sand but good luck !, 
  how is atheism dogmatic ? 
  it 's just a lack of belief . 
  nothing else . 
  that turkish propaganda has done its job . 
  you 're literally defending slavery here . 
  incredible . 
  how were they not slaves ? 
  they were forced into service . 
  leave your backwards ideology back home when you move to europe . 
  or stay home . 
  first of all they can not legally work . 
  second of all you can not get work without speaking the local language . 
  they will all be a burden on society for years before they are educated enough if they even can get to that level ( some of them do n't know how to read ) . 
  most of them do not have any marketable skills . 
  all they can do is manual labor and we already have more than enough people to do that . 
   most of these people are syrian refugees fleeing from war absolute bullshit .
