and the irish ... 
  i really love my continent ... 
  i live just down the road and climbed bunbulbin before !, 
  fantastic place , so beautiful . 
  you could see for miles and the strong sea breeze was crisp . 
  i 'm going to try to go again , great experience , and i 'd recommend anyone to visit sligo/leitrim/donegal / roscommon area !, 
  brazil is the largest aircraft producer in the world . 
  surprised they are n't making them themselves . 
  aldi  lidl and tesco  supervalu, 
  shut up you ignorant racist !, 
  no , that 's a hole in the immagration system which is equally relevant , did you need to ask that ? 
  here 's some articles about scams/holes/frauds in the welfare system if you want to read around yourself , it 's really not the most secure . 
  [ one ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/courts/former-civil-servant-jailed-after-overpaying-welfare-recipients-in-fraud-case-29187879.html ) [ two ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/woman-gets-suspended-jail-term-for-welfare-fraud-1.1376982 ) [ three ] ( http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/no-jail-and-600-fine-for-man-guilty-of-22k-welfare-fraud-594486.html ) this stuff is literally only a search away online if you 're curious and/or concerned . 
  [ one in four polish people claim some sort of social welfare , a lot of which is sent back to poland , not brought back into the economy . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/opinion/columnists/john-drennan/one-in-four-polish-workers-in-country-claiming-dole-26883566.html ) [ somehow this money is also being claimed from abroad , several eastern european countries are among the nations irish money was transfered to ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/60000-people-claiming-social-welfare-abroad-29401429.html ) [ there are many examples of people coming to ireland for the sole purpose of scamming the social welfare system , here is one such example . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/lithuanian-in-welfare-tourism-scam-ordered-to-leave-country-26885389.html ) i can probably do more , but take a read anyway . 
  i know a lot of people who work and are totally fine , they are hardly `` struggling '' as pointed out . 
  neither are the scumbags , they 're just fine too . 
  ireland is quite a nice place in that regard . 
  only racist because you made it racist , my friend . 
  more than just eastern europeans use the welfare system too , you know that , right ? 
  i can give you an example of how lax the system can be . 
  do you remember the issue with people ( nigerian in particular ) coming to ireland on holiday visas , having children here , and because of that , the child and parents become citizens . 
  germany and france had the thrust hard to get ireland to change that . 
  from what i can see they represent a very large portion , yes . 
  simple , cheap life . 
  doll office every wednesday and parties every weekend . 
  i know some really friendly eastern europeans , most of these people actually have jobs and are responsible . 
  they certainly are n't `` struggling '' , and neither are the scumbag , party animal , eastern europeans . 
  i 'm not sure where the problem is . 
  there 's more holes in the irish welfare system than in my old work trousers ( quite a lot ) . 
  or looking across the road at my scumbag neighbours . 
  except when they come here in order to recieve social welfare . 
  i never said anything about working . 
  eastern europeans are far from struggling in ireland . 
  they are top of the payroll in terms of social welfare , recieving benefits for who knows what . 
  they 're fine . 
  ireland , where nothing extreme , random or out of the ordinary ever happens , ever . 
  was n't attacking you , my bad !, 
  i just get passionate about taxpayer 's money these days . 
  perhaps when it gets bypassed it might be possible . 
  i 'm off to maynooth to study after september ( home on weekends and holidays though ), 
  well when you pass by the town on the way to boyle , look to the right when you pass by parc sean ( the stadium ) and you 'll the monstrosity of a road i 'm talking about !, 
  you 're the closest person , geographically , i have met on reddit , even though you do n't live there now !, 
  well i think it 's better to not start at all , instead of throwing money at something rural irish people just wo n't use . 
  that 's how i view it anyway . 
  carrick on shannon, 
  unlike the netherlands , this bike lane road is basically the only one in the county !, 
  no other roads have bike lanes that stem from this road , just this one . 
  it 's the most ridiculous thing !, 
  i could rant . . 
  in my town , the council decided to be edgy on one of the main roads in the town , and put bike lanes on ** both ** sides of the street , rendering a tiny section in the middle to be used by cars . 
  two cars can not fit through now without cutting into a bike lane . 
  yet nobody uses the damn bike lanes anyway . 
  sometimes i want to strangle someone !, 
  that is true for the people with jobs , unlike poor students like myself . 
  of course , ireland has an above average price , in everything !, 
  better be quick with cs , because it 's getting saturated fast !, 
  i have the option to do cs if i get my second choice ( science ) but my first is biomedicine . 
  buddy of mine is vouching for theoretical physics in trinity . 
  maths , accounting , physics and applied maths were his best subjects , it 's certainly good to go with if you 're good at it . 
  german is an all around better language for the lc from my experience , easier exam and far more practical . 
  from my experience , reddit attracts a good selection of lc students , i 'm sure you 'll get what you need . 
  geography and english were some of my bests subjects ( behind biology ) , i 'm going down the science route in uni , unfortunately you 'll be laughed at with an arts degree of english and geography , science is the way to go !, 
  oh yes , do n't go down that road . 
  i was one of a few people who diversified in my class and it was worth it . 
  geography is not a difficult exam but it is neglected by so many people , at their peril . 
  i have a strange , super interest in regional geography even before i had to learn it for geography , helped a lot . 
  because people learned off the environmental section , and people banked on it coming up every year . 
  it was n't up this year , and a know a lot of people who got screwed . 
  the irish exodus and drunken embarrassment of our young people abroad ( britain , australia and america ) . 
  ireland , we did some rugby thing a few years ago . 
  other than that , populated america . 
  teacher checked that out with me actually ( yea , i was that guy who stayed after class and chit chat with the teacher ) , my essay , as in my elective 80 mark essay , was very good , it was basically the entire international aid topic in one super essay , so much content to write about . 
  physical geography was very strange , i had never seen some of the questions before , so i was forced to wing it , but i was well able , because the questions were n't necessarily hard , just unfamiliar . 
  regional and economic sections were as i expected , just fine , brazil came up for me in regional and i knew my european union for the economic . 
  i think i did a very good exam , but that could be my wishful thinking doing the talking . 
  one of my `` need to go really well in '' subjects , i set my bar pretty high , might end of a little disappointed . 
  i 'll find out in about 15 days , i 'm actually aiming for higher than a b , but lets keep that quiet for now . 
  whoa are you a parallel version of me , or are all geography teachers lazy and low quality ? 
  leaving cert geography ? 
  * high five *, 
  leitrim coastline is ripe and fruitful this time of year !, 
  hey my fellow 102 irishmen/women , get out here and give me a hug !, 
  ireland here . 
  we learn very basic european history from wwi to the cold war but we mostly focus on how ireland was impacted , such as the wwii section is called `` the emergency '' because that was what the situation was called in ireland , it mostly focuses on the shortages of supplies , and very little about war since ireland did n't fight . 
  modern history in the economic section of geography is ridiculously pro-us and pro-capitalism . 
  big business is viewed upon as the only way forward and it 's slightly worrying from my point of view . 
  cuba is studied optionally as a case study of sustainable development , but optional often means it is neglected . 
  so yes , irish interests emphasized and pro-us tendencies taught to our students . 
  so ireland is just plain expensive ... 
  i have never seen a canadian grade quality flask of maple syrup in ireland . 
  lived in america and i loved my pancakes , came home , and nothing can compare !, 
  the green symbolizes catholics and the orange symbolizes the protestants . 
  the white in the center represents peace between them . 
  i guess you have n't been to ireland ? 
  my mother was n't showing me naked women when i was a child . 
  people need to realise facebook is a private company who do n't owe anybody anything except their shareholders , and the government ( obey laws ) . 
  if you do n't like how they conduct themselves , feel free to use another social network . 
  there are two kinds of rights , positive and negative rights .
