   you seem to have some fundamental misunderstandings how a hybrid works no , i do n't . 
  let 's say you buy a light hybrid of the kind volvo is announcing : 1 . 
  a light hybrid would not add a lot of mass , say 100 kg . 
  it also would n't use the electrical motor when coasting . 
  weight does n't matter at all at constant speed . 
  it matters a little bit when going uphill and downhill , because it will be difficult to make up for all the loss uphill when going downhill . 
  as soon as you touch the brake , the battery will start to recharge . 
  the electrical motor will assist when you accelerate ( if the battery is n't dead ) . 
  so i 'm sure you can design a long trip without traffic but full of moderate hills that the light hybrid would fail at , but i think this would be the exception , and the hybrid would be better in 90 % of cases . 
   also has to pull the wheight of the battery pack weight matters when braking and accelerating , which a light-hybrid type would excel at . 
  hybrids can also reduce emissions of all kinds , which will put them at a clear advantage over the diesel . 
  as soon as eu and its members wake up on nox emissions , diesels will no longer be viable in eu cities ( some are already posed to outlaw diesels ) . 
  so in the medium term , hybrids will not have to compete with diesels on fuel-efficiency . 
  their major drawback will be price . 
   also , it will completely kill volvo in the company car market in central europe why would it ? 
  a light hybrid is basically a normal car with an efficiency improvement . 
  they 're the first to announce that they 're giving up on pure fossil cars . 
  meanwhile , an american anti-abortion group is spending over $ 100k on a swedish court case , that of a midwife who refuses to perform abortions . 
  ( in sweden , assisting in abortions is a non-negotiable part of being a midwife ) . 
  ... yet, 
  yeah , i do n't disagree in principle , i just think that line needs to be a lot more carefully drawn than 99 % of people seem to think here , with a goal to minimise harm on both sides . 
  in 1940 , most germans were happily supporting hitler . 
  the key is to not present sharia as an alternative in europe . 
  ... obviously . 
  but you 're arguing that europe needs to be as callous as assad . 
  the aftermath of ww2 saw a lot of progress in the domain `` maybe it 's a bad idea to treat other humans as garbage '' . 
  it appears we 've all but forgotten that lesson . 
  i think we 're starting to need a war in central europe ... 
  people will not volunteer to what amounts to a lifelong prison sentence . 
  so they will be desperate to escape somewhere else . 
  everyone wants to help the refugees locally . 
  the problem is finding long term solutions . 
  no one wants to stay in a camp for more than a year , let alone six years . 
   ever since about 2012 , it 's been absolute career suicide ( for most people , at least in high income roles ) to talk about these kinds of things negatively in the company of people that you do n't trust absolutely . 
  the vast majority of people do n't want to rock the boat , and so stay silent , afraid of any social repercussions . 
  the debate is getting a lot more open . 
  the sad thing is that as it opens up , the extremists on both sides will turn this into debate of `` nazists and racists '' versus `` enemies of the nation who want their daughters raped by arabs '' . 
  this is totally wrong in the case of sweden . 
  the green party is the most naive of all parties in sweden ( both voters and party leaders have a strong tendency to view all people as inherently good and trustworthy ) , and they pushed for rights for undocumented migrants in 2011 . 
  they had an ally in the right-wing prime minister , who shared similar ideas on border and trade . 
  the cabinet of 2011 had to be convinced that this was a good idea , but criticism was silenced and the deal pushed through to enable other laws to pass parliament ( this was a minority government ) . 
  sweden 's complicated relationship with germany during ww2 was not well explained during my history classes . 
  we mostly got the impression that while we did not support nazism at home , we opportunistically rooted for the winner . 
  which explains a little , but not most of what happened . 
  for example , we relied on german export of fertilizer for our agriculture . 
  also , there are a number of countries that block most compromises , and fail to live up to their own promises . 
  many countries want a tit-for-tat without the tit . 
  also , the refugee/migrant crisis is extra difficult because what some countries see as humanitarian aid at some cost , others see as a pure threat to national identity and security . 
  last time there was a discussion about ceu , it was all about how they should n't both be an american and a hungarian university at the same time . 
  and some hungarians claim that the beef the government has with the ceu is n't about soros ... 
  fairly positive , at least that 's the story in sweden . 
  we have s more rigid system than denmark , but it 's still quite easy to fire people . 
  it takes a few months and some negotiations , but it works . 
  so the idea that the law should prevent companies from firing people when they need to is not that popular . 
  my understanding is that the french employment rules are a lot more rigid . 
  until 2020, 
  north korea is much more self-reliant than sweden or most other countries for that matter . 
  it 's also a shithole . 
  we 're only military weak because we refused to spend money on it the last 25 years . 
  up to 1990 or so , sweden was relatively strong . 
  iron road is iron road in japanese too ( tetsu dou ), 
  cez were totally in on it , though . 
  even if they 're nuclear engineers , all that matters are their looks . 
  i want it : stockholm-nyk\u00f6ping 40 min, 
  fact : we also do n't have dedicated tracks for high-speed trains . 
  most of the high-performing countries do . 
  you miss the small fact that the quotas were agreed on . 
  all value is artificial . 
  interesting !, 
  my wife moved here from outside the eu , and if you have a local id and personnummer , everything is really easy . 
  if you do n't , it is n't , i guess . 
  what were you trying to accomplish with all that paperwork ? 
  bureaucracy for most things is very simple . 
  taxes take 5 minutes to check and sign for most people , even fairly advanced stuff only takes an hour . 
  the economy has been ok , but inflation has been below 2 % , that 's all . 
  as far as i understand it , posten ( the swedish part ) used to be a well-managed state company . 
  the atlantic is still not that hot, 
  they are , but the tolerance for eccentricity is much higher , and does n't really stop you from having a great career . 
  math professors are infamous for a reason . 
  as long as you can present and talk about your field you are fine . 
  i do, 
  same in sweden !, 
  it 's a bit of a dying tradition , though . 
  for example , you 're supposed to raise the flag on the king 's birthday . 
  my dad was always raising the flag in our yard on our birthdays . 
  trains in poland are a great place to be offered free vodka ( of the cheapest kind ) . 
  major roads around kiev are ok , that 's about it . 
  i went to ukraine by car from sweden last summer . 
  roads are not good , but ... manageable , if your expectations are calibrated . 
  prices in ukraine are great . 
  even good accommodation is 30-50 % of what you 'd pay in the west . 
  no , it 's really the scottish . 
  i can manage most dialects of english , but scottish can be extremely hard . 
  especially the glasgow accent . 
  now we just have to marry into polish royalty !, 
  what 's the harm in trying ? 
  france is warmer , and has lower taxes on cars . 
  this has nothing to do with teaching . 
  those who pursue phd are in general interested in research and theory , which often are of little importance in the corporate world , where productivity , attention to detail , and ( all types of ) communication and social skills more important . 
  every country has beautiful women ... except england .
