  finland has a controversial project . 
  sweden has no russian tenders and our green party has sworn to end nuclear power in sweden . 
  my experience with russian security-thinking is n't the best , though . 
  as a swede i have no problems with this . 
  cross or no cross on the flag . 
  same problem at arlanda recently - if you do n't speak swedish and your knowledge of sweden is low , there are a number of `` taxi-services '' out there trying to upskirt you several hundred percent . 
  figures such as $ 400 to get from arlanda to stockholm have been reported . 
  thyssenkrupp bought kockums with the promise to build submarines . 
  then it turned out they simply wanted to get rid of a competitor . 
  but fmv , that provides the swedish military with technology and business expertise , had stakes in kockums that were not sold to thyssenkrupp . 
  so when it turned out thyssenkrupp neither wanted kockums to make submarines , nor wanted to sell the company , the swedish military aided fmv in securing this technology in a morning raid . 
  later this was transferred to saab , along with many of kockum 's employees . 
  i 'm quite sure there 's a muslim minority in sweden . 
  also , after the kockums debacle , i 'm biased against thyssenkrupp and german submarines : /, 
  the airspace was n't closed by ukrainian authorities , and not all airlines had started to fly around it . 
  the responsible thing for ukraine would have been to issue a warning , but afaik they never did because they thought that doing that would have looked bad . 
  there is certainly an infowar . 
  but the russian strategy abroad is n't to win as much as to make as many as possible doubt the western narrative . 
  in places where the majority watches russian tv they can push a coherent narrative , abroad they push a counter-narrative . 
  talk about chernobyl in russia and ukraine and you quickly come to realize that this is what happened after the disaster at the nuclear plant . 
  so many explanations of why and how this happened , none of them has any credibility . 
  after ten bogus theories have been presented , the truth looks just as silly . 
  as most lies in russian media , its meant for domestic consumption . 
  team it up with a number of other lies , half-truths and truths , and you have a complete narrative of events under official control . 
  sweddit is actually very divided . 
  my guess is that they never paid anything to ebu . 
  the story says `` repeated non-payment '', 
  only about 55 % . 
  swedditor demographicis 95 % haters . 
  coincidentally , we 're also  90 % male . 
  which is beside the point . 
  regardless , your comment was entirely anticipated . 
  yes . 
  swedes have not told anyone except the polling agency anything . 
  it 's a hypothetical - asking people about their future selves is not all that predictive . 
  we 're also not voting on a `` swexit '' !, 
  we 're a member that plans on remaining a member for the foreseeable future . 
  that 's tactless , but i believe true compassion plays absolutely no role in putin 's governance . 
  if a thousand people die on his watch , but it does n't look like his fault , the only question is what those thosand lives can buy him . 
  the evidence is that money from corruption i spent in ways that do not benefit society as much as so-called white money . 
  romania is also in the eu . 
  one thing you notice in ukraine is how cheap it is to change hryvna to dollars and back . 
  changing from dollars to hryvna * and back * would cost you about 1 % at most , even if you just jump at first random exchange stand . 
  when i go to ukraine from sweden , i always buy dollars . 
  going via the dollar is much cheaper than buying hryvna in sweden . 
  one problem in ukraine is that about 1/3 of the economy is done outside official bookkeeping , the shadow economy . 
  this is both connected with corruption and that the tax-base is weak . 
  what my ukrainian family says ( they are small business owners ) , is that the state will take all money they can find . 
  so to prevent this , profits are regularly kept off the books . 
  and graft is just sad . 
  a childhood friend of my wife is moving up the ladder as a lawyer in kiev . 
  her official salary is a pittance , accepting money under the table to get things done is just the way to provide for her family . 
  i think it 's sad , but whom am i to criticize her actions ? 
  i know nothing of her work environment . 
  this is spot on . 
  ukrainian official economic growth in gdp was quite alright 2000-2008 . 
  but from a low level - the 90 's were very bad for ukraine . 
  the recent dip is due to problematic state finances coupled with a strong downturn in trade with russia . 
  ukrainians do the same . 
  the first thing you do when you built 've a decent house is to erect a wall , at least 2m high . 
  op has swedish roots and lives in a partly swedish talking town , karleby , maybe . 
  sundsvall and ume\u00e5 also burnt ( the same day in 1888 ) in fires that left over ten thousand homeless . 
  norwegians can just buy tesla . 
  i can tell you , it makes a lot of difference . 
  i 've been taking care of a family of four on my ( $ 50k ) dime for seven years . 
  now that my wife is making money too , suddenly there 's money to put away . 
  my mortgage is not so bad , though . 
  and then the swedish could mock the finns back , since it 's common and rational to import loan words that describe common phenomena succinctly . 
  luckily , there were no deaths that year . 
  ikea is a dutch trust with vague beneficiaries , basically . 
  i agree that the odessa fire was a horrible incident . 
  it came after a violent clash between pro-russian and pro-ukrainian protesters . 
  as the pro-russian side was retreating into the trade union building , both sides were still throwing molotov cocktails at each other . 
  these eventually started the fire . 
  it 's regrettable that so many were caught in it . 
  mes, 
  russian television , with some aid from ukrainian state media , provided the necessary narrative for revolt . 
  there was no direct threat to anyone in the east from euromaidan , but people in the east were led to believe there was by foreign media . 
  my point is that it 's hard to tell what euromaidan would have been without foreign aid , but it 's perfectly clear that crimean takeover was a coup staged from moscow , and that direct revolt in donbas would not have happened with out russian aid . 
  organized protest ? 
  yes . 
  unlikely . 
  ousting a president is quite different from suddenly declaring independence . 
  crimea had sought independence since 1991 , that gives legitimacy to their cause . 
  the whole donbas debacle , on the other hand , was a russian hybrid war , that had come to a few protests and negotiations if it were n't for the planning , propaganda and boots on the ground that russia supplied . 
  i applaud russia for inciting this civil war . 
  well done . 
  revolt in the donbas region was n't even on the radar in 2013 . 
  also , there is much reason to believe that spotify is preparing to move to the us anyway . 
  they 'll give a short time to react and then go ahead with plans that are already in motion . 
  the problems they present are real , but i do n't think they are the main reasons for the move . 
  for example , one guy living in stockholm was recruited as ceo for a company that had been based in a town north of stockholm for ~ 150 years . 
  he decided to move the head office to stockholm for the usual official reasons . 
  the real reason supposedly was that his wife did n't want to move . 
  i feel most sorry about the belarusian one . 
  there must be homelier villages in belarus , since that village looks like the outskirts of a typical ukrainian town . 
  also , the overly broad assignments match specific crimes in the russian criminal code !, 
  ... and of course the cia will use the russian criminal code when documenting covert operations in russia . 
  to make it easier for the courts to sentence the agent !, 
  or perhaps the prosecution has used to google translate of the russian criminal code when forging the documents ...
