  toddlers understand parental approval and disapproval very well . 
  emotional maturity and higher-order empathy are developed later , yes . 
  understanding that your parent is upset is something else . 
  spanking does n't work because of the pain , it works because it expresses disapproval . 
  if done perfectly , it will convey a message . 
  `` toddlers only understand pain '' does not factor in at all . 
  my dad thought he did the same thing , but it actually had the opposite effect . 
  on average , spanking & hitting is bad . 
  very limited corporeal punishment is also very unlikely to get people into trouble . 
  bac content is legally and practically a lot easier to define than corporeal punishment . 
  it 's practically impossible to allow corporeal punishment in a way that prevents abuse . 
  but then rosenholm 's statement is false . 
  you ca n't get used to -100 c or even survive it without spacesuit level of protection . 
  the other interpretation makes much more sense . 
  -15 c is perfectly fine when dressed in proper winter clothes . 
   but i specifically remember never again pushing a kid from a rather high kids playground onto concrete nearly killing him after my grandpa gave me a single , massive slap through the face . 
  a slap may be the quickest way to get a message across , but it 's not the only way . 
  you ignore how easy it is to hide domestic abuse . 
  when you drive , you do it publicly , and there 's no way of instantly hiding your bac . 
   `` you just proved that you 're not a parent and have no idea what you 're talking about . '', 
  to anybody that says , `` you could 've explained it using these simple words and i guarantee you that the child would 've understood '' , i repeat : you just proved you 're not a parent . 
  or if you are a parent , you 're a naive one . 
   i 'm a parent , and this is just blatantly false . 
  to prove that it 's true , you 'd have to be able to find a statistically significant increase in fatal toddler accidents in countries that outlaw spanking . 
  also , while toddlers do n't understand death , they can understand your emotions . 
  so if you hold them , tell them that this is dangerous in a distressed voice , and not letting them go until they understand that you 're serious , the message gets across . 
  my children are lousy at staying close when we walk outside , but they have certainly understood the danger of traffic without spanking . 
  the threshold for the weird feeling in your nose is about -13 c. i just missed it today . 
  at -40 c , you can throw a bucket full of water into the air , and it will turn to snow and ice as you do it . 
  do n't play around with your airways . 
  -40 c is no joke . 
  some `` macho '' guys end up like the russian winner of the last sauna contest . 
  same on the other side of the baltic , just south of stockholm . 
  pakkanen = k\u00f6ldgrader , then . 
  degrees of cold, 
  i think you mean * over * -20 c !, 
  you invented the olympics , that 's why . 
  estonian , swedish and american , in that order . 
  also `` stegen '' ( * grave * ) - the ladder - and `` stegen '' ( * acute * ) - the [ foot ] steps, 
  the funny thing is that preventing either of the world wars would have been very unpopular . 
  preventing a catastrophe no-one can fathom will not award you the love of the people . 
  not much to do this season , yet . 
  we had clear skies and +6 c today , which is very odd for late december . 
  removing unwanted groups from entire areas ? 
  maybe in real numbers , but 60 % of 65 + year-olds voted leave . 
  what you 're trying to point out ( ? ), 
  was that only 36 % ( questionable , apparently ) of young britons voted at all . 
  regardless of propaganda , the region wanted independence and had been independent up to the 19th century . 
  the means with which they sought independence made them terrorists , though . 
  as i understand it , they refused to normalise relationships with russia and launched an attack on dagestan . 
  depending on where in europe , gendarmes and the likes have been deployed quite a lot the last 50 years . 
  there have been no successful terrorist attacks in sweden , and people are still turning aggressive towards each other . 
  terrorism only works when it 's backed by a strong , local actor . 
  such as when israel was established , or near isis territory . 
   i 'm wondering if i might run out of luck one day . 
  i 'm wondering this every time i drive home from work , 
  no , altruism is the new evil , do n't you see ? 
  and if you 're kind it means that you are 100 % a pushover . 
  you do n't convert a 12-year-old to do suicide missions from behind a screen alone . 
  the logical measure is to make it an `` aggravated circumstance '' to conspire to have minors perform terrorist attacks . 
  kids do n't do this alone . 
  if you plan this kind of thing you should be locked up for life with restricted communications . 
  take a demographic of 5 millions . 
  for example , native finns . 
  now , relentless publish bad news about this group . 
  only publish true stories , such as the mad man who executed three women at a restaurant , but always attribute the blame to inherent problem in finnish culture . 
  find a voting block that repeatedly give 50-500 early upvotes to posts about evil finns . 
  soon enough , it will look like we `` have to do something about the finnish problem '' . 
  selecting what 's newsworthy or not is always going to be biased . 
  the best we can do here is to have a range of topics . 
  the ultimate version of free speech is n't `` 24/7 stream of mena immigrants are evil because islam '' , even though an active minority seems to promote that . 
  exactly , but this does :  they didnt hide behind any `` local news '' veil spirit_inc is trying to use this piece on finnish journalist about what r/europe filters or not , and it 's very dishonest . 
  how has this anything to do with `` local news '' ? 
  `` local news '' mostly describes how anything offensive a refugee does in any part of europe is suddenly of prime interest to 500 million europeans . 
  ha , maybe !, 
  `` dimma '' and `` borg '' and two good , old words of scandinavian . 
  you ca n't go wrong combining them . 
  then comes joulupukki and rams all the old men over the cliff ( \u00e4ttestupan ) . 
  father frost comes and brings the communism , 
  my parents-in-law are of mixed russian and ukrainian heritage , they celebrate new years and have ded moroz . 
  then orthodox christmas , as a religious holiday , is jan 6th without gift-giving . 
  ( jitomir region ), 
  in sweden , we like to simplify things . 
  mamma and pappa goes from age 0 and up . 
  fader ( far ) and moder ( mor ) sound formal today , although i grew up with them . 
  a stone that looks somewhat like a potato , of course . 
  fwiw , * dimmuborgum * is clearly the best named mountain of the two . 
  petter och lottas julafton features a man dressed as a goat bringing a big sack of presents . 
  they did it so no-one can really be charged , though . 
  the urine samples were swapped , but they do n't know by whom . 
  we do n't know , since the athletes that competed did not contribute with their own urine . 
  stale beer and urine are the same thing too . 
  lots of ( irish - ) american supported the ira , for example . 
  in comparison , pkk is n't loved by many in the west . 
  ah , romanticising revolutions !, 
  that old trope . 
  the vast majority of revolutions have been messy and bloody affairs . 
  france had a nice , elite-thumping revolution , then goes to propel napoleon to power and start wars to dominate europe . 
  the best thing about revolutions is that they provide a sobering scare for the elites . 
  fear of communist revolution was one of the primary drivers for democracy and welfare ( social democratic ideas ) .
