  thanks . 
  gruusia - land of grovel . 
  i 've encountered a very peculiar surname in my town : ~ ~ `` ruotsilainen '' ~ ~ `` ruotsalainen '' . 
  it means `` the swede '' in finnish . 
  this person is living in sweden . 
  for swedes , ruotsalainen could be any finnish surname , but for a finns it says `` the swede '' . 
  yeah , there 's definitely an obsession with appearing to be strong . 
   not sure how your wife 's friend meant it though . 
  maybe she was just jealous ? 
  finland has the biggest percentage of spinsters per capita in the world , iirc . 
  i guess so . 
  i know it 's a joke , but the thing was that i was n't surprised * at all * . 
  `` this is where he tells her i 'm gay '' , i was thinking . 
  many people are , apparently . 
  skavlan ( norwegian , btw ) thinks that jewelry is gay , so he refuses to wear his wedding ring . 
  russians are afraid that if gays are allowed to be portrayed in a neutral or positive way , this will harm the youth . 
  you 're right . 
  but still , the first thing a finnish friend of my wife said when she said she was * marrying * a swede was `` there 's a 99 % chance he 's gay '' . 
  the swedish stereotype sgainst finns is more that you embrace machismo and are as afraid of gays as the russians ... 
  mine was unlimited ( guaranteed 10gb ) for 449 sek including an iphone 5 a year ago . 
  maybe data is getting more expensive now ? 
  telenor, 
  you 're exaggerating a bit . 
  my contract has a * chance * of becoming limited speed by 10 gb/per month and it 's only 250 sek a month if you exclude the phone subsidy . 
  the downside is the 2-year contract . 
  you just caught people with bad hum\u00f6r !, 
  moscow time . 
  try r/sweden . 
  we make the frontpage once in a while , and many whats are fucked . 
  a friend of mine works with `` boring equipment '' . 
  100 % accurate , if surprising , term . 
  that was a lot of fun , especially how they borrowed from h. p. lovecraft in the end . . 
  `` the girl '' is in fact someone that 's quite correct on the matter , so when they say `` oh , so it could be 100,000 german leather gays coming into the country '' , she can only say that while that sounds unlikely , it ca n't be ruled out . 
  is n't this due to the special pricing for 50 cl pet bottles ? 
  they 're wicked expensive , regardless of what 's in them . 
  usually , a 50 cl bottle will cost 85 % of a 150 cl bottle . 
  and water is often sold in 50 or 75 cl bottles . 
  you 're right , but you did n't have name a city washington in one end of the country and a state the same thing in the other end ... 
  washington and washington dc wants to have a word with you . 
  mcdonalds pay pretty well in countries with good benefits . 
  starbucks had problems when they wanted to pay their `` baristas '' 50 % of that in sweden . 
  i have lived abroad too , alright ? 
  i 'm in an international marriage too . 
  some examples : * `` du-reformen '' the idea to embrace classless society and to talk to everyone as if they were your equal ( even if it 's a lie ) . 
  * democratic tradition : relatively small distance between the people and the elite and strong institutions , down to the way civic clubs ( e.g. 
  sports association ) are run to eliminate corruption . 
  * social democratic tradition of non-violent reform . 
  before ww2 , there were power struggles that could have led to violent conflicts , but never escalated , often due to restraint on both sides . 
  * good parental leave and the idea that men are supposed to spend time with their kids . 
  feminism in sweden is less `` women should get the money , the power and the kids '' and more `` balancing the gender roles to more fluid and less stereotyped molds '' * safety net . 
  not all fantastic in these days , but no-one has to live on the street if they have the ability to behave like a normal person in a flat . 
  * religion is personal and for most people it 's not the basis on which you choose your friends . 
  you can notice how all these points are of fairly recent origin . 
  that does n't mean that they 're universal . 
  i think it 's also fairly harmless to recognize the current advantages and disadvantages of living in certain countries . 
  for example , i 'm living , working and raising a family in sweden as an active choice . 
  i think i could have chosen to do this in at least ten other countries , but i actively chose to do it in sweden . 
  i was born and raised here , so that 's a strong bias , but still . 
  my point is that greece took the strongest hit in the 2008 financial crash , and that l14qu may be affected by his or her surroundings . 
  personally , i thinks it 's 100 % conjecture . 
  the state of the greek economy . 
  i 'm sure that 's what it looks like from greece ... assets can crash with more losers than winners , such is the game . 
  the world economy was n't looted in the lehman crash , it tanked . 
  the effect was that the entire world economy burst a financial bubble , and exited smaller . 
  there were criminals , but those all operated * before * the crash . 
  i do n't quite agree . 
  the term `` populist '' is often used correctly , policies that are popular but not necessarily effective or fair , such as `` tough on crime '' policies in the us . 
  and of course the very popular `` blame the problems on those who are different from us '' . 
  there 's a fairly harmless variant where you are proud of your traditions and your heritage , and you believe in the cultural values that are dominant in that society . 
  almost all nationalistic political movements are * harmful * , though , in that they see national traits as genetic , something that can not be understood or adopted if you do n't have the right heritage . 
  that 's a separate problem . 
  if you call a hospital they may not be able to help you in swedish , contrary to the current laws . 
  i know swedishspeaking finns that do care , and have spent much time pointing out that even in \u00c5bo / turku , it 's hard to get adequate health care if you speak swedish when seeking care . 
  exactly . 
  swedes are fine with norwegian ( we just think it sounds funny ) , but danish took a look at our proud language heritage ( lol ) and decided that consonants are bad things . 
  and the jews ... before ww2 it was legitimate to see them as a problem in need of a solution . 
  and that russia is still a power to be reckoned with . 
  and how is this relevant ? 
  i disagree 100 % . 
  a friend of mine was assaulted in his sleep by his ex . 
  in our circle of friends , i do n't remember anyone joking about it , and we 're pretty much testing boundaries with jokes every time we meet . 
  an interesting thing in this study was that thy showed that many relationships are mutually abusive . 
  i think the idea that taking abuse from your gf/spouse and not admitting to it is not masculine . 
  i regard man-on-man play-fighting and full-contact sports manly . 
  taking abuse is plain stupid , and is rarely the only problem in a relation . 
  i have one close friend who was assaulted in his sleep by his ex , that was n't the first thing she did to him , but certainly the last . 
  he broke up with her and got out of that dysfunctional relationship after that . 
  i agree , but russia already removed the biggest subsidies . 
  yeah , russia knows the only `` carrot '' they have is stern authoritarianism . 
  ah , that detail was lost on me . 
  kaliningrad used to be a part of east prussia ( germany ) , and after the first world war they lost their claims to it . 
  polish and lithuanian claims to the territory are not so strong . 
  spanish is supposedly easier to learn . 
  that 's 75 % of the reason . 
  when it comes to usefulness , i 'd say it 's on par with french , but less useful than german . 
  fluency in german is a very good thing to have if you 're ever doing business in germany . 
  10 % of the swedish export goes to germany . 
  spanish has the reputation of being the easier language . 
  german has the reputation of being hard . 
  that 's the primary reason .
