  that 's kokkaffe in sweden . 
  capuccinos usually have considerably less milk . 
  at least if you order them in an average place in sweden . 
  but i guess that does n't say much about italian coffee . 
  the nordic breakfast is more `` swiss '' , with m\u00fcsli ( cereals ) , yoghurt and bread , or sometimes oatmeal with milk and jam . 
  i 'm very happy we have about 15 sorts of unsweetened yoghurt to choose from . 
  the whole italian situation ( and other situations akin to it ) is toxic to european politics aand diplomacy . 
  food in finland is cheaper than in sweden . 
  sweden does not have euros , and is `` closer '' to germany and other places where food is cheaper . 
  this is unrelated to the euro . 
  in fact , denmark has higher supermarket prices than both sweden and finland . 
  beer being expensive has to do with taxation . 
  a coin fell down and know i understand that `` keso '' ( cottage cheese in swedish ) and german `` k\u00e4se '' have the same root . 
  in the long run , yes . 
  but a lot of people seem to think that euro = instant high prices . 
  this complaint does n't seem to be that common in northern europe . 
  i do n't think prices in finland went up that much . 
  make it an offence subject to a fine . 
  the are plenty of entertainment shows that are worse - the production value is typically pretty high ( for a swedish show ) . 
  this year the musical content has been so-so . 
  but it 's quite common for good artists to participate , salem al fakir 's contribution three years ago was very good ( and it was a shame eric saade beet him ) , loreen 's hit last year was good too . 
  ( i 'm thinking of the swedish shows now ), 
   i have better things to do with my saturday nights than to stay at home and watch bad tv . 
  even if we are at someone 's place , we tend to talk , eat , hang out etc , not watch tv . 
  many would do that but still have esc in the background . 
  you know that 50 % of swedes watch the final in absolute numbers , right ? 
  maybe i was exaggerating , so that figure should be 60 % of all women and 40 % of the men . 
  but for me , at least , it seems it would be like swearing for a swedish woman between 20-50 to publicly denounce the esc , if she 's not completely in the alternative camp already . 
  and i 'm not suggesting that watching esc makes you stupid , no more than watching champions league or the super bowl . 
  to wit , it 's like the final in champions league , only that the genders are reversed . 
  somewhere around 80-90 % of swedish woman watch it . 
  btw , why and how has mario monti failed to build a political platform ? 
  outside observers ( such as the economist ) often portrait him as the best option for governing italy at the moment . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  as long as stockholm gets to be the capital ... to be honest , it would require each current capital to retain political power somehow . 
  i think you mean sweden !, 
  really ? 
  the people who live there are mostly descendants from those who successfully colonized it in the 13th to 16th centuries . 
  btw , sweden could have forced norway to stay in the union and claimed the north sea oil for swedish companies 50 years later . 
  but we did not , and i 'm quite happy with that . 
  eh , you 're off . 
  sure there are murders , but still on the level that each and every one is reported in national media . 
  the total number of murders has been around 100 for quite some time . 
  the number of attempts have gone up , but not the homicides . 
  it 's a bit odd that the homicide rate looks so high in sweden . 
  fr the country as a whole , it 's about 1.2 per 100,000 people . 
  yeah , there is a reason labor costs in germany have stayed relatively low . 
  otoh , when these companies come to sweden , the unions blockade the shit out of them when they try to pull off that kind of stuff . 
  on a side note , sweden does not have a minimum wage . 
  many `` minimum wage jobs '' are unionized , however , and thus have quite high wages . 
  downvoted . 
  the story does not explain what 's in the title of the submission . 
  i think it 's cultural : are strangers people you can give the benefit of doubt and cooperate with , or are they fuckers you either screw over or get screwed by ? 
  with different perspectives `` the stranger and i can help each other for mutual benefit '' or `` hello stranger , we know this game - i 'm not going to let you screw me over this time '' . 
  in a similar vein , there is no expectation in sweden that you should get rich by working as a politician . 
  eu did not have the tools to force anyone to do anything . 
  you can blame germany and france for playing loose with the budget criteria . 
  turnarounds happen all the time . 
  remember how all of `` tiger economies '' were going down in flames in 1997 ? 
  this one is from a deep hole , however . 
  was it up to the eu to reform greece ? 
  but seriously , it 's very hard to reform during good times , few countries ever manage to . 
  the nordic countries are doing relatively well now because we had severe problems in the 80 's and 90 's that we had to reform our way out of . 
  in 1996 , the public finances of sweden were shit ( not as bad as greece now , though ) , and we cut down quite hard on public expenses . 
  not without cost , but what happened was that during all the good years ( 2004-2007 especially ) we had big budget surpluses . 
  what we did was simply not ballooning expenses when there was money . 
  some reading : third party punishment : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third-party_punishment the `` greek problem '' : http://scienceblogs.com/notrocketscience/2008/03/06/punishing-slackers-and-dogooders/ some more context : http://www.sciencemag.org/content/312/5781/1767 in short , there seems to be a tendency in certain cultures to not punish those who break the rules , and instead punish those who try to enforce them . 
  thank you for correcting my brain-fart . 
  i do n't know how many geysers you 'll find in norway . 
  how 's ikea these days ? 
  no not-quite-dead parakeets in this story . 
  `` they covet your land '' is a reason for another civ to start a war with you in civ 5 . 
  fbi does n't have as many options as cia to operate without the consent of the local law enforcement . 
  the inuit came to greenland at approximately the same time as the scandinavians , and never went as far ~ ~ west ~ ~ east as iceland . 
  anyone who covets their geysers , glaciers and fiords ... 
  interesting to note that spotify now stands for over half the recorded music revenue in sweden . 
  artists here were furious about the low amounts they were getting in the beginning . 
  then they turned coat quite dramatically . 
  my only quip at the moment is that solange 's `` true '' is not available on spotify yet , for some reason . 
  not in the summer , i guess ? 
  `` for science '' is reasonable up to a point . 
  or down to a point . 
  ph d students should get a salary so they do n't have to worry about having food , somewhere to live , and some money for their free time and hobbies . 
  it should n't be competitive , because that would be far to expensive , and a lot less research would be done . 
  i agree that # 13k a year is not much at all . 
  it reminds me of this `` research stipend '' karolinska institute of medicine used to ( still ? ), 
  pay ph d student : about # 10k a year . 
  you did n't have to pay tax on this grant , but you did n't get social security for it either . 
   you get less as a phd than you would in benefits , and for far more work . 
  this is false if by `` benefits '' you mean social security . 
  i got 22,500 sek a month as a phd student . 
  you would get slightly more , i 'm sure . 
  but the private sector will always pay better , which is fine . 
  you do n't get the best research if you do n't have people who are more passionate about the science than about the money . 
  apparently this project will be run from gothenburg . 
  i hope chalmers university of technology makes the most out of the money . 
  children as witches was never that big here either . 
  it 's an idea concentrated to africa south of sahara . 
  authoritarian states often have semi-legal groups for these things . 
  `` state supported vigilantes '' , if you will .
