  while i do agree with your point , air travel is still much more safe now than 50 years ago , and much of it is thanks to automation . 
  these accidents are getting rarer in most places , though . 
  at least in terms of passenger miles . 
  it 's worrisome that a presidental candidate expresses himself in this way , though . 
  those experts have an agenda of their own . 
  sometimes , the balance is off , such as when the pnac faction managed to push through the war in iraq . 
  most americans care very little what the rest of the world thinks of them , unfortunately . 
  and the whole thing where republics fought nail-and-claw to stop everything obama tried to do his first 2-3 years . 
  sure , he should have built better political alliances , but there was also a spirit of wanting to make obama fail no matter the cost . 
  this activity is relatively cheap . 
  til if you accept a drink you consent to sex . 
  or as many of the young afghan teens/men - being sent to sweden to find a better future for their families . 
  we 're attacking you because the image you linked is being used for propaganda . 
   as has happened for decades now certainly not . 
  it started ten years ago , after 15-20 years of quiet . 
  then it has ramped up after the russian-western conflict over ukraine . 
  so you 're saying sweden and russia is a in a cold war ? 
  because that 's exactly the argument that those skeptical of russian intentions say . 
  they want to project power . 
  lack of soft power , lack of economic power , instead use military force to get your voice heard . 
  and sometimes more . 
  russia has , by far , the larges numbers of exercise in the baltics , all categories . 
  they project power , they disturb civilian operations , seemingly with intention . 
  cruz seems just about as extreme as trump . 
  science denial ( global warming ) and directly scrapping the iran deal . 
  nope , because i do n't think he has a chance , except maybe ( ??? ), 
  not enough independents/centrists will vote for him . 
   sweden 's immigration policy has been completely insane for the last 35 years . 
  according to you . 
  over the last 10-12 years , one could argue that we have taken in more than we can integrate , but that 's hardly true if you go back further . 
  russia does n't refuse to take russians back , and russians know this . 
  they also know that they wo n't get asylum in finland . 
  germany never granted asylum to palestinians , and the girl 's case had been investigated and the asylum denied . 
  germanys position recently has been that refugees has been welcome to * seek * asylum in germany , based on the large number of people from syria in need . 
  yup , back in the day of communism , most government did n't want people leaving their shitty countries and would take them back to show that fleeing was futile . 
  those that were less strict were too far from europe to allow significant numbers of people to get here ( it was too expensive and too difficult for most ) . 
  this situation is quite new ( aside from the colonization of america ) - a large amount of people wanting to emigrate legally or illegally and their home countries not wanting them back . 
  we did n't close the borders , but you have to show papers . 
  this has already stopped a lot of people from entering at all . 
  the recent number of refugees in britain is much lower than in france or germany . 
   i 'm glad that finland has a president that does n't appear to live in imaginary la-la-land ( like most politicians in sweden ) and who dares to speak the truth . 
  are you referring to sweden , that has a left-wing government that is implementing much harsher rules for asylum seekers and closed its borders ? 
  except that `` moderate '' has never been applicable to him . 
  yeah , out of cruz , trump , clinton and sanders - who seems like a good president ? 
  clinton is the only sane moderate , but she 's also a career politician to the hilt and possibly shady . 
  it 's legitimate , could n't find the figure for the whole 2015 , but first 11 months was 954,000 . 
  does not apply to mainstream media , then , by order of likelihood , it 's : 1 . 
  evil pc conspiracy censorship 1 . 
  evil pc conspiracy censorship 1 . 
  evil pc conspiracy censorship 1 . 
  reptilian overlord censorship 1 . 
  capitalist `` cheap labor '' conspiracy censorship 1 . 
  technical glitch ( on a side note , swedish sports reporting on svt has about one glitch per show - i think i 've seen a hundred of them . 
  but that 's a conspiracy to hide other conspiracies , obviously ) . 
  most of ( the muslim ) immigration to sweden is recent . 
  of course , some immigrant groups have a higher number of children per woman . 
  but so far , the numbers do n't reflect such a situation . 
  since the 1970s up to the war in iraq , there 's been a small number of non-europeans coming to sweden , mainly from iran and iraq . 
  but about half of the immigrants from there were not muslim or secular muslims . 
  then we have people who fled bosnia , of which , again , about 50 % were muslim . 
  after 2003 , there have been more , but i 'd put the number of religious muslims below 5 % , and mot have n't been here that long ( < 15 years ) . 
  of course , in a decade this * could * have more influence on the statistics , but as it 's stands it 's not a major contribution . 
  only if the average lifespan is is n't going up , which it is . 
  sweden did n't participate much in wwii , so we have one of the oldest populations in europe , or anywhere . 
  our problem has been more on the number of working people vs the number of pensioners , rather than the absolute numbers , which have been increasing quite a lot , mostly because of immigration . 
  more children have been born than people have died too , though . 
  so it makes a difference , but it 's not that significant . 
  i should n't say that we do n't have anything similar in sweden , because we have a child benefit for each child and a `` many children bonus '' that adds a little to this . 
  it 's about $ 1500k per year and child . 
  which is why sweden now has border controls . 
  japan has n't worked very hard to get women into the workforce . 
  they have made some of the more obvious discrimination illegal , but are far behind the rich part of europe in most aspects . 
   i am going to have 7 kids , bare minimum good luck finding a reasonable woman to do that with . 
  how much has it helped ? 
   unfortunately the only solution is one europe is not ready to take - make it expected of women to stay at home and give birth/take care of the family i 'm amazed . 
  there needs to be some serious amount of brainwashing to reduce the number of legitimate choices in life to 1 . 
  women friendly , my ass . 
  why wait for islam to ruin europe , when there are others already waiting to push for the same ideals ? 
  japan makes women choose , that 's their problem . 
  working women with children at home are still not the norm . 
  guess what , they do n't want to be stuck at home with many kids and no life . 
  sweden has one of the smallest problems with birthrates in europe . 
  france too . 
  absolutely . 
  major drought and crop failure was one component that triggered the syrian civil war too . 
  there is evidence that the great volcano eruptions in the 6th century also contributed to the lack of prosperity in europe at the time - temperatures dropped significantly for 5-10 years . 
  many important cities were built near rivers that flooded from time to time . 
  controlling this flooding was extremely important for the stability of for example the egyptian kingdom . 
  when disasters struck , whole dynasties could fall . 
  the irony of your comment is that climate and changes in nature ( both caused by man and external ) have been a major factor many times in the rise and fall of empires . 
  wide-spread agriculture likely played a role too . 
  not agenda , preconceptions about how the world works . 
  jewish applicants were given trick questions to increase the likelihood of them failing their entrance exams . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  no , it 's a problem of system lag . 
  lax border controls were not a problem the last 70 years . 
  yup , and how the russians created `` jewish math problems '' to reduce the number of jewish kids in stem fields at the universities . 
   that 's not the foremost issue , history has known benevolent dictators , the problem is who takes the wheel after your benevolent dictator can not steer anymore through age , retirement , illness or death . 
  that 's were things went wrong most of the times . 
  however in a meritocracy the son wo n't be the successor nor will his friend , or the most loud mouthed powerful figure around .
