  i do agree that this monetary support should be limited , and basically the same as for locals living on state support . 
  bad apples should get different treatment when they expose themselves . 
  people like him and me do not think that we should let people die because of a few bad , ungrateful people . 
  we believe that we should deal with the bad apples one way , and good people in another . 
  some people really lack the aptitude for language despite a good pattern-recognition ability . 
  yeah , roseng\u00e5rd is bad . 
  most of malm\u00f6 is n't . 
  yeah , do n't upvote pure conjecture as fact , it 's uninteresting . 
  you have not explained milan . 
  italy has low nativity over-all , but most large cities still grow , even if urbanization has come a long way in europe . 
  this effect is already kicking in . 
  however , it comes * after * the initial population boom . 
  sweden , for example , had a population boom that lasted 100-150 years before nativity dropped to the vicinity of 2 . 
  india has many problems . 
  feeding a growing population has n't been one since independence . 
  http://www.populstat.info/asia/indiac.htm watch some of hans rosling 's videos and come back with a smidgen of knowledge on the subject . 
  this is the kind of reasoning that made gulag and work camps possible . 
  seriously . 
  deny any responsibility , blame the victim and reinsure yourself that it would never happen to you . 
  i do n't cry myself to sleep . 
  i avoid getting too emotional about these things because i know i ca n't help directly . 
  i still care though . 
  sounds like a reasonable plan . 
  again , it 's entirely unreasonable that any power outside africa should decide what happens to the people in africa . 
  would you like china to play eugenics in europe ? 
  as for managing its own problems , india has fed its own people since its independence just fine . 
  i do n't know the `` rules of begging '' , no . 
  so you 're saying that tens of thousands of new mansions , built by absent roma , have popped up the last few years ? 
  explain to me how this * could n't have happened * without western aid . 
  regular capitalism would have brought them up to speed , barring 17th century type exploitation . 
  oil , fruit , fish , coffee , cotton , rare earth metals etc , etc. 
  this wealth is more than enough to buy food on the market . 
  aid in the form of food has also suppressed local production . 
  what 's the profit in growing something that gets dumped from the sky anyway ? 
  i 've seen these pictures . 
  explain to me why you would be prepare to live on the street , with your children to build a fancy house ? 
  no study has found them receiving more than $ 20 a day , on average . 
  the vast majority does not . 
  most people do n't donate anything . 
  look . 
  i 'm saying the population has everything with the advance of modern healthcare and nothing to do with aid . 
  aid may have sped up the process a little , but for population size , it would n't have mattered . 
  some context : just before the 19th century , there were 2 million people in sweden ( excluding finland ) . 
  1920 there were almost 6 million , and over a million had emigrated to america . 
  this 250 % increase is what africa is experiencing now . 
  it 's entirely unavoidable . 
  religion can boost the figures a little , but most of africa is not subject to `` religious nativity '' . 
  how come romanian beggars in sweden are prepared to live in the streets & forests of sweden for $ 10-20 a day in donations ? 
  nearly everyone says `` it 's better here than in romania '' . 
  how is that possible ? 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  it 's unreasonable because it would require genocide and subjecting a whole continent to 1984 's big brother . 
  simply for the idea of not having to meet people of another skin color in person . 
  it would have been more reasonable for stalin to go through with the entire gulag system for an ice-cream . 
  you 're right . 
  i still do n't think it 's a good idea to import all these radically stupid memes to r/europe . 
  think of the demographic consequences will you !, 
  it 's funny when it 's real people dying !, 
  i have n't seen a single idea from mr cameron on this issue . 
  this article does n't present one either . 
  aside from the implied `` do nothing and close the borders '' . 
  huh , apparently casually wishing people death at sea is the trend on 4chan . 
  the population boom in africa was entirely unavoidable . 
  the only way to prevent it would be to force them to live without access to modern ( 19th century and onward ) technology and medicine . 
  and by `` force '' i mean stopping them from educating themselves , stopping them from buying , stopping them from inventing . 
  entirely unreasonable . 
  why was it unavoidable ? 
  because the same f * king thing happened everywhere else when hygiene , nutrition and medicine was brought up to par with the state of the art a hundred years ago . 
  350,000 are syrians . 
  those who risk the mediterranean are from all over . 
   yet later were unanimously declared not to come from syrian stockpiles i was mostly responding to this . 
  considering what evidence i found , it looks like a blatant lie . 
  governments and ngo : s have not come forward and `` unanimously '' declared the attack to not come from syrian stockpiles . 
  hmm : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghouta_chemical_attack#final_un_mission_report wikipedia says the opposite : the attack came from a government controlled area and targeted a rebel controlled area . 
  the chemicals used were consistent with the stockpiles of the syrian state . 
  also , russia all but vetoed it . 
  if you want to keep your balance , you must plant your boot somewhere , do n't you ? 
  syria was in a bad state in 2010 with severe drought and internal migration . 
  organizations friendly to is existed already . 
  then when the conflict turned violent , assad decided to fight every one who was n't loyal ( instead of just the violent parties ) , driving people to armed insurrection . 
  at about this point the us and others do try to aid what is judged to be legitimate non-extremist opposition . 
  unfortunately , some of fsa was a front for is . 
  they were also the best organized fighters in most places , forming the frontlines we see still . 
  considering the situation in syria , you 'd want to do something , not just waste away as a refugee . 
   but it all went to sht when some radical decided to change it into a islamic republic you see now . 
  it went to shit several times after wwii . 
  or is , of course . 
  i just wanted to point out that syria may not be a country where it is feasible to get a visa to europe before fleeing . 
  if you 're fleeing from assad , how would you get to europe legally ? 
  as the situation is now , a crime of passion involving foreigners in sweden would also be played up ... 
  murders have not moved significantly in any direction the last 20 or so years . 
  i 'm not asking for it . 
  currently , i do n't think there are that many russians or chinese of power who think their country can , right now , establish hegemony . 
  on the other hand , there are many influential americans who strive to retain american hegemony . 
  after the cold war and the soviet union ended , the bipolar world was over . 
  russia and china do n't play on the same level , and america 's allies are also relatively small time when it comes to power projection . 
  now we 're heading towards a more multipolar world , but we 're not there . 
  i 'm trying to explain the russian attitude , not defend it . 
  somewhat , maybe , but the last time we had a truly multipolar world was before wwi . 
  the idea is to keep a sphere of interest .
