  traditionally , they 've held more than 60 % of the voters , now it 's about 54-55 % . 
  i do n't think any of the alliance parties will ever sit in the same government as v. c is quite right-wing in terms of economic policy - v is still quite far to the left . 
  in terms of policy and parliamentary strength , s+m would make the most sense , but for historical reasons , that will never happen . 
  relaxed = more openly sexist , more racist, 
  and socially reactionary . 
  1/3 of the * new * voters, 
  plus sd is reactionary on about all social questions . 
  no , this is a made-up problem . 
  you vote where you live . 
  you go with your family at most . 
  friends rarely vote together , since they rarely live close enough . 
  all you need is a little bit of spine . 
  all i hear is whine , whine , whine . 
  protect your voting secret . 
  if you 're voting with your family , you can just say that you had a discussion at school/whatever , and that they recommended taking ballots from all the parties as a way to protect your voting secret . 
  easy , you take multiple ballots seemingly at random . 
  i do this every time , and i 'm not in the least ashamed of what i 'm voting for . 
  yeah , when i took ballots , i even looked to make sure there were ballots for the pirate party , and made it easier to find those ballots . 
  i did n't vote for them . 
  it 's so , so easy to hide which party you vote for if you want . 
  the only part i 'll grant is that if you go to vote for the very first time you may reveal your choice by naivety . 
  ah , come on . 
  99 % of all people who wanted to vote sd did . 
  i drew leaflets from four parties . 
  all you 'd have to do is to take from pirate party and fi as well and you can protect your secret . 
  not literally the same , since queers fought to be included into the hbt acronym . 
  not going to happen , sd , even if frozen out will not gain more than 15 % of the votes . 
   racism towards sd ok , . 
  explain how this is racism ? 
  it 's moralism - sd members are bullied like heretics were bullied by upstanding christians . 
  for their beliefs . 
  it has nothing to do with racism , and not very much with culture group bigotry either . 
  the party has strong racist roots and it 's an open secret that at least half of the party leadership are racists that prefer to keep it in private as long as an open racist stance does n't work in public . 
  60 % turnout is not normal or reasonable in sweden . 
  anything under 75 % would have to be seen as catastrophically bad . 
  illegal immigrants keep the help cheap , no need to legalize their presence and make them uppity . 
   dla piper , dickens & madson canada , invest northern ireland , japan national tourism organization and netherlands board of tourism and conventions , [ 10 ] ketchum inc. . 
  does n't seem awfully relevant . 
  ~ ~ issue ~ ~ apply for visa to ukraine, 
  some putinist claimed that putin was actually working to restore regional democracy , after revoking it a decade ago . 
  `` democracy on kremlin 's terms '' seems to be the right way to put it . 
  it has to do with spheres of influence . 
  unfortunately , eu without nato is not a realistic option . 
  if i had watched russian tv , and nothing else , i 'd flee to russia too . 
  usa went apeshit of nuclear warheads . 
  no-one was even suggesting ukraine would get a nato base , there 's only one in the whole of eastern europe . 
  of course , now that russia has played the `` let 's piss on those treaties we signed '' - card every eastern nato member wants a base or two . 
  and a rapid intervention force . 
   russia simply changed trading partners after the sanctions . 
  sure , but at what cost ? 
  economically , russia is married to europe . 
  everything else is peanuts . 
  oh , you had a high murder rate ? 
  it must have been cia-agents . 
   i 've been analyzing russian politics for quite some time now and i came to the conclusion that materialistic values ( such as job security , social health care and so on ) 100 % agreed . 
  russia shows all the trappings of a survivalist , materialistic society . 
  also , it 's about a generation . 
  time enough to repackage the humiliation and reframe it into glorious revanchism . 
  because ukraine was being normalized . 
  you did n't have to get a visa to go to ukraine from the eu . 
  many in ukraine look to poland and want to repeat their journey . 
  poland is about twice as rich as per capita as ukraine is now . 
  we have common history . 
  a hundred years is not a long time in europe , ask anyone on balkan . 
  sorry , but the us press was not particularly divided over the iraq war . 
  almost all major news media were supporting the war . 
  famous artists were harassed and boycotted for speaking out against the idea . 
  when europe protested , you invented `` freedom fries '' . 
  it was silly , i say . 
  i 'm very sad that there is no protest against russia on the streets of europe now , however . 
  i think piliger is alluding to the failure of the tzar 's secret police to stop the bolshevik revolution . 
  yeah , the direct use of military and war for political purposes is the biggest surprise . 
  supposedly , `` we '' were not doing this shit ( anymore ) . 
  and that 's exactly why putin sees it as an opportunity . 
  yeah , soldiers dying is a problem 1-2 magnitudes smaller for putin than for an american president . 
  the important part is seeing how much he can get away with . 
  if putin gains geopolitical power in exchange for some trade setbacks , he 's happy with that . 
  he 's hoping that the sanctions will die off by themselves , because ultimately , eu wants to trade . 
  maybe one could find an analogue in how moscow dealt with novgorod all those years ago ... 
  yeah , the propaganda machine of russian tv picked up that gem like it fell from heaven . 
  but the truth is that the split happened already in november 2013 , those who did n't follow euromaidan directly or via internet , and watched russian tv only , got the `` fascist hooligan '' version of the protests , and must have felt afraid when a bunch of `` banderas '' took over the government . 
  this strategy must have been born some time after the orange revolution - kremlin thought up a counter-strategy . 
  [ medved was very happy in 2010 with the election of yanukovich ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/mar/05/ukraine-russia-relations-viktor-yanukovych ) . 
  whether he was controlled or not is another question . 
  `` the diplomacy of appeasement does n't work '' is one of the key lessons europe took from wwii and any half-wit knows the difference between chamberlain and churchill when it came to the war . 
  no-one 's blaming putin for genocide , they 're blaming him for a policy of nationalistic expansion , unheard of since the 1950 's . 
  anyone can make comparisons to hitler , because he 's the main guy for `` incorporating land the really belongs to my nation '' , `` sudetenland has german-speakers that need to be protected by german troops '' , `` austria is german-speaking , and so a natural part of germany '' , `` poland , we only need a land-bridge to k\u00f6nigsberg '' . 
  `` the polish government is inept and needs a helping hand '' and so on . 
  the similarities are too many for people to not make use of . 
  that 's why the comparisons are made . 
  foreign policy actions and reactions . 
  from the ukrainian side , i see one main bias : they wanted it to look like they were winning . 
  and despite losses , they were , until russia started backing the rebels with more boots and heavy weapons on the ground a couple of weeks back . 
   one russian newspaper reported that putin , while speaking with bush , `` very transparently hinted that if ukraine was accepted into nato , it would cease to exist . '' this is clear ? 
  this sounds like hearsay to me . 
  and nato expansion is not a military threat to russia , it is a political threat . 
  at the moment , there 's one ( 1 ) nato base in eastern europe , in poland . 
  nato is n't homing rockets at moscow . 
  the problem is that nato membership makes military threats from russia hollow , and moscow does n't want to lose that tool . 
  the problem for russia is that it is so painfully clear that the only path to independence as a neighbor to russia is nato membership .
