  yeah , how many large empires marched through romania , exactly ? 
  must be upwards ten . 
  sweden is supposedly the same , except we fucked it up with a cross . 
  only with the comma . 
  without it , it would have been spot on . 
  word order in swedish is crazy rigid . 
  yeah , i think it boils down to us high schools still being undifferentiated . 
  much of what you say about the polish experience is similar to the swedish . 
  this comes to quite a shock to outsiders , though . 
  my japanese friends do n't understand `` fucking \u00c5m\u00e5l '' ( show me love ) at all . 
  their 14-year-olds are considerably tamer , at least in school . 
  yeah , definitely quite unlike regular swedish schools . 
  in some regards , high school = h\u00f6gstadiet ( 7-9th grade ) in terms of experience and general atmosphere . 
  swedish schools differentiate in the 10th year , so if you like science and math , you will start hanging out with like-minded people by 10th grade . 
  closest to clich\u00e9d american high-school would probably be the political science program , minus the science nerds ( actually most outliers ) . 
  there you 'd have the clicks and the gossip and the who 's - dating-who shenanigans for 3-years . 
  alcohol enters the game already in 7th grade in sweden ( not for everyone , but clearly for the more `` wild '' kids ) . 
  however , under-age drinking has been on a decline the last decade , and it 's not something everyone does . 
   stuff like his boss making 20 to 30 times what he makes would mean his boss makes 14k to 28k/month , the maximum salary on public sector is 7k/month ( equal to the prime minister ) so it means he works on the private sector and how the hell the government or the portuguese system has any say on that , corporation executives making piles of money is worldwide not portugal related . 
  he claims to work for a big corporation , not the government . 
  and yes , the difference would be smaller in sweden , barely anyone with a degree would earn less than $ 1800 * after taxes * working a qualified job as an employee . 
  bah , we all know that norway is [ the last soviet state ] ( http://sistesoviet.webs.com/ ) !, 
  there is plenty of coal . 
  i 'd have to compete with this guy : http://www.zeta.nu/produkter/ost edit : but a dad of a friend went to italy to buy 37 kg of parmesan for private consumption . 
  he then wanted to give it away to his daughters in big chunks . 
  up here , we think that using 200g of parmesan for a risotto is using a lot of parmesan in one go . 
  it 's about $ 30/kg here , and not the best quality . 
  water : ah , do n't divide by zero !, 
  how much parmesan will it buy ? 
  i 'm ( unenthusiastically ) part of several projects related to this . 
  i have witnessed first hand how ksg staff is transferring to the future : kws . 
  yeah , the swedish military successes in germany should mostly be attributed to the civil religious war . 
  it is a rallying point for many anti-muslim movements . 
  this does sound like a chicken or egg problem : if you do n't get paid , why work hard ? 
  some actual employee will get most of the credit anyway . 
   you used to have to pay to get an apprenticeship and acquire the skills you need for employment . 
  in the guild system before industrial society . 
  it 's worlds apart . 
   too many people expect to be hand held through every little step in their lives . 
  so getting paid for actual work is now `` being hand held '' ? 
  well , if everyone worked as a hard as you did , maybe you 'd be the one without a paying job at the end of the internship ? 
  long-term internships that are semi-mandatory to launch a career are an effective class-barrier . 
  if your parents paid for college , they can pay for your internship too . 
  no problem , right ? 
  except if you do n't have wealthy parents . 
  it 's a bad system . 
  slavery is experience , too . 
  the italian system : two years of unpaid internships for everyone !, 
  rest assured that if you can spend $ 800k on a wedding , other people will think that you are rich for a reason . 
  yes , swedes are stingy when it comes to spending tax money , if it 's not for sports arenas , fighter jets or drilling through treacherous terrain . 
  spending tax money on parties is barely tolerated . 
  really ? 
  i thought he was supporting a family on that income . 
  guess he is an arse , after all . 
  true . 
  i 'm just reasoning that the supreme court would n't find it interesting , precisely for this reason . 
  a good reason would be that they thought the lower court did a sloppy job . 
  you do n't think killing 77 people in a premeditated attack is enough to warrant the sentence ? 
  same as any * cult * . 
  some political groups operate like cults , though . 
  tha whole thing was a scandal . 
  swedish lawyers in general are quite pro-copyright , while the general populace is n't . 
  they 're mostly in finnish . 
  there are some news outlets in finland written in swedish . 
  what 's your point ? 
  false equivocation . 
  i know , they were awesome !, 
  they threw a wrench into the machine with open eyes . 
  they knew exactly why they were doing it , and that it was illegal . 
  read their closing statements . 
  did you read their explanation ? 
  they lay it out quite eloquently : the orthodox church in russia has been co-opted to support putin . 
  the church in question is regularly used as a backdrop to political messages from the people around putin . 
  they wanted to use the exact same stage to say something that did n't fit in . 
  at all . 
  sorry , still referring to denmark !, 
  but norway has always been the lesser part of denmark anyway ;-), 
  yeah , nowadays it 's more about regional identity than wanting to be a part of denmark . 
  every army had plenty of mercenaries . 
  but for sweden to maintain a force in germany for almost twenty years , you had to go further . 
  just keep lund in sweden . 
  dig a moat around it , or something . 
  well , we did march over the ice and kicked your arses :-), 
  in most places , yes . 
  among young professionals in the city , he might do ok . 
  this is easy to say , but the fact is that many middle easterners who do try their best to integrate are still shunned by the locals . 
  scandinavia is doing well because 1 ) norway and denmark has oil 2 ) germany is doing well . 
  we 're definitively not isolated , but at the moment we 're part of a regional economy that 's not in recession . 
  as i posted elsewhere in this thread , there is a commonly used definition of unemployment in the eu , in use for the last 15 or so years . 
  it 's right there on the page . 
  most eu countries use these statistics as their official unemployment statistics . 
  the eu has a common unemployment definition , iirc : http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/employment_unemployment_lfs/methodology/definitions, 
  yes , but this is not necessarily relevant . 
  in the unemployment statistics of sweden , for example , you 'll find youths in high school who seek jobs , as well as those who want to find extra work in parallel to full-time studies . 
  those count as `` unemployed '' if they they spend five minutes to register as looking for work , even though they can get by on the student support available and their fellow students who do n't look for jobs do n't count as unemployed . 
  i 'll upvote you when you have demonstrated how they changed the definition to better the statistics . 
  as if denmark has hills !, 
  europe would be much easier to ignore if the eu market as a whole was n't so big . 
  plus , ieds are very unsafe unless you practise . 
  if you do , you risk revealing your intentions .
