  it was n't . 
  there was an uprising , and the west supported it . 
  i 'm just trying to combat the notion that libya was some sort of utopia under ghaddafi - especially leading up to his fall . 
  libya had very high unemployment ( 20 % in 2010 ) , however , and the government used handouts to placate the populace . 
  free gas is also a type of bribe , see iran and venezuela . 
  my understanding is also that libya was in a bad place to develop past ghaddafi . 
  saddam was not great , but removing him and disbanding the iraqi army and the baath party was a recipe for disaster from the start . 
  so is the swedish krona ( sek ) . 
  yet our stubborn central bank is trying to `` import inflation '' by various actions designed to lower the value of the sek . 
  it 's not going to work , even in the medium term . 
  my bad , that sentence has two commas in it . 
  i 'm clearly overestimating the audience here . 
  the reason you got 30k , mostly iraqi , was because sweden had tightened up asylum rules for people from iraq . 
  yeah , we got over 200,000 from denmark , so, 
  now they have a failing phone company instead . 
   worst offenders are fundamentally harmless nobodies are you unable to parse a simple sentence ? 
  yeah , pedophiles and child-murderers are basically the scum of the earth , even in prison . 
  you non-humanistic approach will likely cost more , lead to disinhibition in the prison guards ( you create bad people by having them treat others poorly , day-in day-out ) . 
  by treating prisoners well , you make the prison guards less violent , and the inmates that are less inclined to violence will also respond better . 
  it probably does n't make much of a difference for the worse offenders - but the best punishment for them is to treat them , * securely * , as fundamentally harmless nobodies . 
   she is clearly deranged , yet was coherent enough to plan for the whole thing yeah , anders bering breivik did too . 
  feeling detached from reality usually helps . 
   it 's the great justification for , let 's say , for example , hiring hobos as surgeons in the local hospitals or as police officers you 're both being absurd . 
  it may well be that this woman appeared totally together before this thing with her husband . 
  som outwardly perfect individuals are suddenly found dead after a suicide , etc. 
  i read about a boy in moscow i few years back . 
  he wanted to become a police officer . 
  why ? 
  to earn a lot of money . 
  iirc he even knew that the money would come in the form of bribes . 
  the aim of the low interest rates have been to devalue the sek to get more inflation . 
  the goal has not been to stimulate the economy , although that has happened too . 
  you can also compare the swedish interest rates to that of denmark and the ecb - ours is slightly lower , but not much . 
  our budget deficit the last few years is smaller than the british . 
  apart from the rise of the dollar , active policies have not affected the value of sek more than 5 % at most . 
  meanwhile , inflation is 0 % . 
  exactly , out of these , sweden is the largest economy . 
  how many other european countries saw a growth of 4.1 % last year ? 
  it is n't the sek that has dropped in value , it 's the usd that have gained in value against every other currency . 
  the eur has risen somewhat in the same period , but it has also dropped against the usd ( from ~ 1.3 to ~ 1.1 ) . 
  it sounds like a folketing or allting, 
  whoa , is it still the 11th century over there ? 
   secondly , even though it might seem patriarchaic , in reality most households in innerrhoden are quite matriarchalic . 
  the men represented the vote of the familiy in the landsgemeinde , which does n't mean that a man said : `` yo family , i think this is best , i vote this shit '' ... it meant that the spouse said `` assfucker , you vote this way or you know what happens . 
  got it ? '', 
  - '' - but lisebethli ... '' - `` did i fucking stutter ? '', 
  interesting , this sounds the same as arguments against women 's suffrage that were popular in the 19th century . 
  spouses are individuals and often have different opinions . 
  if both had strong views , but only one got to vote , what prevents the man from lying ? 
  his vote is secret anyway . 
  one swiss canton did n't allow women to vote until 1991 . 
  sometimes the system is very protective of vested interests . 
  swedish * educated * women approaching middle-age are among the most well-trained in the world . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  those who were stunning at 18 , but shunned education for cigarettes , alcohol and children with different fathers do not look amazing at 40 , no . 
   are you from culture that opresses women and aims at marginalize them ? 
  no , but you would want a family such as mine not to exist  even one salary should n't be nowhere enough you ca n't write a law that targets certain ethnicities `` men who originate from mena countries should get half the salary to force their poor oppressed wives to work '', 
   even one salary should n't be nowhere enough . 
  the realities should be grim enough that the idea of muslim woman staying at home should be impossible to sustain . 
  i provided for my ** evil , foreigner , bloodsucking ** wife and family for several years before she found a job . 
  you 're being ridiculous . 
  yeah , as they enter , they should be branded with a number and put in camps that says `` arbeit macht frei '' and not let out until they 've provided services of an * excess value * that corresponds to ten years of living in the country . 
  at the end they may get their passport back . 
  going to greece in person would give a hundred times better idea of the situation compared to reading comments in / r/europe , at least . 
  eastern europe will not see mass immigration either way . 
  portugal 's government has basically the opposite policy of hungary , but get barely any immigration . 
   west as whole , generalizing : you are utterly pathetic , whipped , and making a mess of europe , with your overly politically correct pansy-assed policies . 
  god damn it , have some ... respect and balls yeah , they same people who thought expanding the eu to the east was a good idea , was those who think granting asylum to refugees is part of being a decent country . 
  you can trust a parisian to hate everyone and everything !, 
  1938 was 20 years after ww1 , and almost everyone was seeing another war in the near future as a certainty . 
  these things are all too often edge cases . 
  except sweden 's stupid `` unaccompanied child refugee '' laws with no age checking that has led to an industry of sending young people to sweden alone to the tune of 30k per year . 
  i highly doubt this will be a problem , however . 
  most who flee north africa are not studious enough to go through schooling to pose as syrians . 
  and if they are smart & ambitious enough to pose as syrians , what would prevent them from succeeding in a legal way in germany ? 
  true !, 
  i thought it was n't . 
  now i stumped for an explanation . 
  sek has dropped somewhat against eur the last two years , so i do n't know what 's going on in these stats , then . 
  mostly , it 's because the dollar has strengthened and the euro is kept up with rise a little better than other currencies . 
  the danish economy also stalled somewhat 2014-2015 , but seems to be picking up again . 
  yup , 90 % of the volatility outside eur/eur countries is from changes in currency exchange rates . 
  denmakr does not have pounds . 
  dkk has dropped like a stone the last two years . 
  see here : http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=dkk&amp;to=usd&amp;view=2y, 
  dkk has fallen in value a lot 2014-2015 , that 's all . 
  edit : apparently it is n't that simple , since dkk is pegged to eur . 
  ugh , yeah , this was a 3-4 years ago , and apparently i ca n't google for shit . 
  i 'm amazed !, 
  insert joke about latvia here . 
  yeah , that has certainly happened in the past . 
  \u00a8 http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-01-11/german-biker-gangs-hooligans-attack-foreigners-migrant-manhunts there was also this group that systematically attacked immigrant restaurant owners . 
  they managed to kill 10-15 people over several years before they were found and brought to justice . 
  and are suspected of committing violent acts in this matter . 
  arson , assault , murder , etc. 
  arguing semantics is unfortunately par for the course when it comes to politics . 
  you have to be able to juggle different descriptions at the same time and know their implications . 
  how did the republicans in the us stop tax on inheritance ? 
  they called it `` death tax '' . 
  words matter , and many labels comes with built-in conclusions .
