  looking back 20 years , turkey is on the right track . 
  looking back five , it is stalling . 
  in sweden , it is standard practice to apply for residence permit before you come here , if it is the first time you apply . 
  you can * renew * it from here . 
  it 's pretty common that you have to go back home before you get a new visa , though . 
  your profile does sound like a match for brussels . 
  international , french speaking , english speaking skills are highly appreciated , rich food culture , a lot of fine dining . 
  you would need work * before * you go , though . 
  turkey 's total fertility rate at the moment is 2.18 , and decreasing . 
  the turks are not going to swamp the rest of europe any time soon . 
  the us ( if somehow transplanted to europe ... ) would not be welcome either , because of your death penalty , especially how it 's applied to people who would n't even be considered legally responsible for their actions in the eu countries . 
  turkey has significant problems , that must be dealt with , but demanding that all of their problems should be * erased * before we should even consider membership is hypocritical . 
  if you think turkey is that poor , please check your sources . 
  how come this well-argued comment is downvoted in favor of `` lol '' ? 
  even when a government is really taking care of its economy , it still takes about 20 years to halve a debt . 
  that 's what sweden has managed since the early 90 's . 
  so yeah , roll it over , and pay it off in small chunks when the situation stabilizes . 
  i voted pirate party . 
  i doubt i need to check were they stand . 
  just a thing i noticed at the airport in helsinki . 
  it 's been a bad year for the swedish royal family . 
  nope , finnish newspapers write about the swedish monarch 's scandals . 
  oops , thank you for pointing out my stupidity . 
  the comments are standard dunnel-kruger . 
  it 's quite a long poem with lots of word and many with alternative spelling that are considered archaic . 
  still the were chiding the first guy who said he had problems with 19 . 
  i wager that most of the rest were skimming while thinking `` yeah , i know that '' . 
  word order reversal . 
  i saw that he fell . 
  on my way home i saw that he fell . 
  you did n't see that he fell . 
  on your way home , something happened that you did n't see . 
  ( notice that `` inte s\u00e5g '' is different from `` s\u00e5g inte '' ), 
  another thing with russian ( and some other slavic languages too , i figure ) is that there are declinations for names !, 
  if you know someone 's name , that 's not enough to put it in a sentence , you also have to know the declination . 
  russian/slavic native speakers ( and many other ) do have a problem with understanding the rationale behind `` a '' and `` the '' and it takes a long time to pick up . 
  the thing about accent is that you have to choose one . 
  then it become bizarre , because you fake localize yourself . 
  a german that speaks english with a southern accent is just odd . 
  `` the japanese language that speaks '' ( or possibly `` spoken japanese '' ), 
  the spoken language/written language divide is larger , though . 
  no , slavic languages are harder . 
  you have to put in some hard work just to get basic grammar in the right ballpark . 
  that 's because they speak mozambican in mozambique !, 
  ( etc ), 
  yeah , if i 'm not mistaken , mixed style writing ( hangul + chinese characters ) has gone completely out of fashion . 
  well , this is r/europe after all !, 
  and in singapore , cantonese is forbidden on the local tv channels . 
  in swedish , every time you use a comma ( i.e. 
  sentence fragment ) native speakers expect a word order mistake . 
  you forgot about austria and switzerland . 
  sweden has too , although there are still battery hen farmers with `` special permits '' around . 
  hopefully there 's an end date to those permits . 
  this makes me some kind of proud as a swede , lol ( norwegians are not baristas ) . 
  that 's the slavic name . 
   anti federal establishment this is exactly what i implied : anti washington dc , anti-lobby , anti big banking , anti big corporations . 
  i meant it in the sense that those who influence the federal government and legislation today will do their best to combat him . 
  extreme as in `` most anti-establishment '', 
  jean-marie le pen was second in the race for presidency in france , and he does n't really fit the descriptor `` sane '' . 
  yeah , i 'm sure he meant \u00c5bo . 
  hey , thats \u00d6resundsbron !, 
  sarajevo used to be a cool city though . 
  i guess the war and the snipers fixed that . 
  it would have been an embarrassment at home for that party , guaranteed . 
  that 's correct , yes . 
  did you read my comment ? 
  representatives from the ruling parties came and interrupted a seminar they were not invited to . 
  it was n't a debate . 
  but you ca n't deny that something quite contrary to the idea of free speech is going on . 
  at a seminar in sweden some hungarian writers were invited to talk about this . 
  the seminar was not a discussion of the topic , it clearly said that the hungarian writers were giving their views on the matter . 
  the event was disturbed by people from the hungarian embassy and ruling parties that tried to intervene in the presentations and protested that their views were not `` fairly represented '' at this seminar . 
  it was pretty similar to how angry muslims tried to disrupt a seminar held by lars vilks at the same university . 
  something seriously fishy is going on . 
  the uk as a whole is certainly a mixed bag , but well-educated asians and africans that ca n't seem to find work in sweden often go to london and get employed a lot easier . 
  engineers and it professionals do ok in sweden on english alone . 
  in the long run people don ] t like to talk english casually , though . 
  who are they ? 
  and what would they stand to gain ? 
  the interviewed people on swedish radio today . 
  they were not alarmed `` everyone is talking about a crisis , but our interest rates are going down . 
  i think it 's blown out of proportion '' . 
  yeah , right . 
  well , there you have it : machismo again . 
  self-expression values is something completely different , such as not beating people up for behaving different . 
  a typical example would be the attitude towards gays . 
  check this out : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:inglehart_values_map.svg in some aspects of life , there are stark differences , and they should be recognized . 
  same here , i have problems with many russians because of their `` survival values '' ( as opposed to `` self-expression values '' ) . 
  in many ways , that translates to machismo , showing off your strength and misogyny . 
  well , we see what you * export * . 
  europe mainstream cultural export ( mainly music , i guess ) is pretty crappy too . 
  that 's one side of the story . 
  i think the bigger issue is that no-one cared enough about the systemic risks involved in creating an entire financial money-making engine on the assumption that real estate would always go up in value . 
  and how that led to institutions such as aig to issue cdo 's for billions without setting aside a single dollar for covering payouts . 
  what southern europe got was cheaper credit . 
  sure , but would private lenders have agreed on a 50 % haircut at the time ? 
  the us should probably have bailed out lehman brothers too , they just did n't know how far the dominos ran . 
  few in government did . 
  we 've all read how brown was taken aback by how vulnerable the whole system was . 
  but i agree in one way : germany refused to do much in 2010 because it was politically inconvenient to do so at the time .
