  yeah , it 's an open secret that 99 % of journalists have no sense for mathematics . 
  they can look at a screen like that and not notice that it ca n't possibly be right . 
  1/3 of the german population was killed in the 30 years war . 
  * directly after that * , similar mercenary armies reduced the population of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth to the same extent . 
  scania tried to rebel too , remember ? 
  and some people in j\u00e4mtland want to be independent . 
  the support for secession and ultimately joining russia is not very strong . 
  much of the initial support the separatists got from the locals were due to a ) confusion about goals ( more independence within ukraine , federalism ) and b ) russian propaganda making people afraid of the interim government . 
  now it is clear that the provinces held by the separatists want to make a repeat of what happened in crimea , only with more military force and less popular support . 
  and the fighters are russian soldiers of fortune/fugitives/volunteers to a large extent . 
  in the short run , laying down arms will spare lives , but it will also destabilize the kiev government with unpredictable results . 
  so what do you think is a reasonable response to an armed rebellion ? 
  the question is if they can keep it up . 
  the rebels can only last if they have support by a foreign actor , which would have to be russia . 
  you realize that this is already the case with american technology , no ? 
  if you call modern day sweden `` nowhere '' , i 'm pretty happy about nowhere . 
   janne josefsson who is the reporter here got called a nazi for this in one tweet by a semi-obscure radio personality . 
  i 'd say that there was a controversy , but that the show got plenty of public support too . 
  not openly racist . 
  nah , they are n't necessarily spoiled by having a lot of things , just by getting by without working . 
  yeah , very disappointed that pp did n't make it . 
  my vote was n't enough :(, 
  if you do n't care , you 're not really contributing . 
  ideally , every mp has a few issues they want to work hard on on the european level . 
  what do the slovaks want in the eu ? 
  i do n't know , and it seems you do n't know either . 
  the swedish pirate party got one ( then two ) delegates 2009 and got to sit in the internet policy committees , where they wanted to be . 
  one of the green candidates worked hard on reforming fishing policies and got quite far . 
  the main problem seems to be that latvian candidates have n't found a cause to fight for . 
  the swedish candidates even say that apart from snus and the alcohol monopoly , the swedish candidates * do not form a block * , but work within their european blocks . 
  swedish members of the european parliament do n't complain about a lack of influence . 
  they all say that `` you choose an issue that is close to your heart , fight for it and make a difference '' , and that `` it 's actually quite possible , even for a single mp , to have influence in brussels '' . 
  unfortunately , i think it 's because the citizens in the east are not informed about what exactly the common european issues are , and that the course is on things outside finance/ecb/transfers are set by people who fight for what they believe in . 
  if you see the eu as a money-grinding behemoth , that can give your country some nice subsidies , as negotiated by your national government , and no common european issues , you would probably not care about voting . 
  pirate party vote here too !, 
  second option was the greens , the main candidates have done a lot to move the eu towards sustainable fishing . 
  yes , as a * first * language . 
  again , these maps are all about * second * languages . 
  two similar languages that develop in parallel have tendency to create new words that are very alike phonetically , but may mean totally different things . 
  `` false friends '' . 
  catchphrases have the same problem . 
  a lot of subtext is to be conveyed in a few words , so just making one of the words different , even if still intelligible in writing , will make people go `` huh ? '', 
  instead of `` oh , yeah ! '' . 
  in conversation , you 're more focused on understanding the other person and you are taking personal expressions into account . 
  in this situation , it 's much simpler to bridge the language gap , because when norwegian and swedish use different words , you can figure out the meaning by knowing your own language well ( contemporary/archaic , common/rare expressions ) half of the time , and the rest of the time you can usually understand from the context . 
  the lesson we can take home from all this is that official messages and advertisement need to be idiomatically correct ( `` spot on '' ) , while a spoken sentence in a conversation only needs to get a few key facts across . 
  you 'd assume many germans ( with germans as a first language ) would want to learn turkish ? 
  does n't seem to be the case . 
  in practice , i guess second-generation german turks would be better at german than turkish , but still count turkish as their first language , since it 's what they and their parents speak at home . 
  first languages were * not represented at all * in these maps . 
  it 's a common * first * language in several places , but a rare second language . 
  a person with turkish as a second language while living in the eu would most often be a kurd . 
  we do n't understand nynorsk , otherwise we 're usually fine with norwegian . 
  ok , bergen dialect can be harder too . 
  perhaps after some time of exposure , but from what i heard danes and finns are the most likely to talk english to each other , including the finns who speak swedish as their first language . 
  understanding prosody is a matter of exposure , mostly . 
  for a swede , it 's often harder to understand the copenhagen dialect than other dialects . 
  the urban dialect has been the motor in creating modern danish , with it 's tendency to swallow consonants turn them into diphthongs . 
  thanks for making me laugh . 
  just pointing out that this is becoming a real thing . 
  why do * you * need an identity ? 
  do you even know that your chromosomes does not always decide your biological sex , and that newborns with ambiguous genitals usually go through surgery to make a vagina ? 
  why would they have to identify as female ? 
  because a doctor cut them that way ? 
  even many official forms now have the option man/woman / * other * . 
  so i take it you identify as `` other '' ? 
  it 's fairly accurate for sweden , but i would n't trust this to give a good picture at all . 
  that 's why i wrote that self-employment can mean anything and you 'd have to list profit/salary to understand if it 's just unemployment with a different name !, 
  if you register as working full time as self-employed , you 're not unemployed , even if your company has 0 customers , zero income and no investment . 
  you do n't have to be able to pay yourself a salary . 
  all that is required is that you have registered a company and that you fill in that you work full time with your company . 
  if you have the job to help an unemployed find gainful work ( there are many in this profession in sweden ) , it 's much easier to help them register a company and fill in a tickbox , than actually matching them with a job . 
  this also temporarily protects the ego of the unemployed , not `` forcing them '' to take a job below their dignity . 
  this is my point , pushing low-potential , unskilled unemployed to self-employment is mostly a way to tidy up the statistics . 
  then again , we do have some excellent support for startups ( free desks at shared offices , some financial support , etc ) and sweden can boast with many mobile app successes , just to pick one field with many startups . 
  exactly . 
  now , imagine that you had no skills , or even means to acquire skills , being a functional illiterate ? 
  that 's why i wrote that even with * no skills , no capital , and no contacts * , 10 % still make it . 
  i 'm quite sure you had some skills and contacts , though . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  i think the best us analogy would be the movement in the 00 's to own your home . 
  buying a home was marketed with `` you do n't need a stable income !, 
  you do n't need to pay mortgage or interest for , like , * forever * !, 
  just sign in here and move in today ! '' . 
  self-employment has been pushed on those with low drive , barely any skill and no business connections . 
  how do you think that will work out , on average ? 
   in the us ( i live/work in the us tech industry ) it 's similar except the whole `` starting a business '' mentality actually works fairly often so it 's less of a cop out for the government and a genuinely good thing for the economy . 
   a lot of techies who lost their jobs a few year a ago went on to start small companies and while they originally had to live on savings , they now make more than they ever did when steadily employed . 
   then again i guess capital is a lot easier to acquire here and the potential consumer base is massive so maybe comparisons are n't valid . 
  this is n't like that at all !, 
  we have many successful startups in the tech industry . 
  i 'm talking about abdullah , the illiterate refugee from somalia , sara that has been on disability that last four years and has few marketable skills beyond `` microsoft word '' , or mikael , who 's got `` computer skills '' that consists of beating twenty ps3 games in the living room of his mothers apartment . 
  in this context , i 'm exclusively talking about those who have very little skill and no contacts . 
  precisely those who 'd have the most to gain from an employer and * acquiring * marketable skills are those who are pushed out into `` self-employment '' . 
   if you do n't want to be self-employed , go and work for someone else ? 
  today , the situation is reversed , at least it is in sweden : `` if you * ca n't * find employment , start a company !, 
  we 're sure you 'll be successful . 
  bootstrap yourself to success ! '' . 
  unemployed are actively encouraged to start their own company , and while they struggle to make any kind of money , they count as gainfully employed . 
  starting a company -- without a powerful concept , guaranteed or likely customer base , a fair amount of starting capital ( more than what a poor , unemployed person can put in ) , as well as a number of useful contacts -- will result in a failure 90 % of the time .
