  not a very reasonable interpretation of swedish politics . 
  there 's a stable 60-70 % majority for helping refugees as long as the whole system can handle the numbers . 
  currrently it can not . 
  possibly , many germans reason the same as swedes : `` yes , taking in refugees in need is the right thing to do , but we have to be able to handle the numbers . '', 
  in the case of sweden , this number is about 50,000 - 100,000 asylum seekers per year , i think . 
  what our government did n't understand until recently was that we would see much larger figures than that . 
  no , the nazis do not want to cede control of the production to the people , but to men of the people under the supervision of the state . 
  their actual economic system is under-developed , because fascism is about action , not theory . 
  i would say that it would likely be strongly coupled state/capital , network-based , pragmatic and hard to predict . 
  half by activity count . 
  what 's wrong with state-mandated bolshevik art , by the way ? 
  we have a 70 year track-record , and everything was n't shit . 
  only the vast , vast majority . 
  if a director has an idea that is patriotic , that 's fine , but start lifting patriotism above other values and you 'll produce shit . 
  the same goes for diversity and other values associated with progressive politics . 
  nato bombs laying waste to ukraine !, 
  russia will eneter conflict to save slavic brothers . 
  there was certainly hope that the insurrection in eastern and souther ukraine would have split ukraine in half , with a russia-friendly , kiev-hating rule . 
  or protections create a very good foundation for asking for bribes from foreign companies - `` pay me and i 'll arrange so you can compete '' . 
  you 're agreeing with me , somalis are the least integrated group of muslims in the us , even though they 've done better than in europe . 
  yes , how many of them were carried out by american citizens ? 
  remember why american muslims are not violent or extremist : they are successful and respected members of the society . 
  most other americans also think that you can be both muslim and american . 
  swedish social services have recognized this , and limits the persecution of cheaters to those that cheat significantly . 
  even if this is the best way to go , they get criticism from all directions , but especially the right for this . 
  nah , mesost is great , only problem is that it sticks to the gum . 
  no linje-akvavit ? 
  that represents at most 5 % of swedes on reddit . 
  ha , even i know the east-swedish memes . 
  farming was not under bolshevik rule , and they wanted to remedy this situation quickly , the costs ( in human lives ) be damned . 
   we were in that shit together however , people were differently affected depending on where they lived . 
  people in moscow did not starve in any comparable magnitude . 
  it 's well known why they did it . 
  they wanted to collectivize the agriculture in ukraine . 
  unfortunately for ukrainians , this meant that well-functioning farms were forced out of the farmers ' hands and that harvests were put under bolshevik control . 
  to break the farmers who resisted this change , they took the harvest and gave them nothing in return . 
  millions of people had no food and no money , and had to steal in order to survive . 
  those in the bolshevik party who noticed the effect of the famine were called into question and had to pretend that everything was fine or expect being sent off to a work camp . 
  his social isolation was entirely intentional , and he had contact with a few others prepared to go to the same extremes . 
  category `` deranged christian '' , yes . 
  many christians and muslims do think they pray to the same god . 
  that 's why abrahamic faith is used for the group judaism , christianity and islam . 
  you missed my point entirely . 
  those who answered the poll most likely had legitimate refugees of a foreign culture in mind . 
  this explains the low figure for `` let them settle '' . 
  no country , including sweden , accepts economic migrants . 
  that was n't the question . 
  it was specifically about refugees . 
  as it stands , the two groups are mixed ( as travelers through europe ) . 
  then why is so few prepared to `` accept refugees and let them settle '' ? 
  surely , this is where culture clash comes to mind . 
  up until recently , it was mostly iraqi refugees that went to finland through sweden . 
  still , after the attack there was a blame-game and no national unity . 
  yeah , turkey has a problem . 
  the turkish people could n't even keep together to honor their own dead in the terrorist attack in ankara a month ago . 
   central to their world view is the belief that communities can not live together with muslims , and every day their antennae will be tuned towards finding supporting evidence . 
  the pictures from germany of people welcoming migrants will have been particularly troubling to them . 
  cohesion , tolerance -- it is not what they want to see . 
   why france ? 
  for many reasons perhaps , but i think they identified my country as a weak link in europe -- as a place where divisions could be sown easily . 
  that 's why , when i am asked how we should respond , i say that we must act responsibly . 
  acting responsibly is not doing nothing . 
  part of it is striking back , part of it is acting like their whole idea of a great conflict is wrong . 
  i 'm sure it would * satisfy * you to beat up some random muslims in the street , but would it be a good thing to do ? 
  drinking the kool-aid is one thing , actually providing aid is another . 
  a lot of native europeans have held dangerous beliefs at some time in their lives . 
  an enclave on svalbard seems like a better option . 
  gothenburg is in the lead if you count isis volunteers per capita in european cities . 
  it 's about 120 individuals . 
  if you see them as humans at least * before * they go into extremism , you have a chance to reach them . 
  think about the percentage of muslims in europe that directly aid or join terrorist groups . 
  it 's a very small percentage . 
  do you want that figure to go up by labeling the lot of them as psychopaths ? 
  coincidentally , both france and sweden are pretty good at this . 
  not good enough , but still a lot closer to a birthrate of 2.0 than 1.4 . 
   sweden actively filters out the best , which leads to a disproportionate amount of people who want things handed to them . 
  this can be seen by sweden 's organized begging problem . 
  it is now weird to go to a supermarket and not see a woman begging in front of it . 
  even in small towns . 
  that 's a whole other issue , though . 
  except for the people who fight for their right to set up slums for free . 
  internet is great for creating information enclaves . 
  where are people of differing opinions supposed to meet ? 
  can be , if that 's what the stakeholders decide . 
  at this point , the guy is more or less an informant . 
  willingly or unwillingly . 
  and if they are known to be prone to terrorism , even behind bars , they are quite easy to track . 
  in a way , i feel sorry for the asylum seekers from the balkans . 
  because very few , if anyone , of them are going to get asylum , be it in germany , sweden or wherever . 
  i do n't know who told them this lie . 
  yeah , now only the most leftist parties think the housing situation is no difficult problem . 
  this would have been entirely foreseeable , though . 
  we 've been slowly running out of extra housing the last ten years . 
  the benefits in sweden are being exaggerated everywhere . 
  in fact , they are only too generous for child refugees . 
  about 1 million kronor is the expected cost of each child refugee . 
  for adults , they get an allowance that will put them among the poor , approximately the same as relying on social services . 
  the amount has been lower than in germany and not changed in 15 years . 
  the main pull factor in sweden has been giving everyone a fair shot at refugee status , and permanent residency for syrian refugees . 
  there are different sign languages , you know .
