  i agree they should take refugees directly , but they do n't . 
  but obviously not japan  nimby , it 's a way of life . 
  so you believe forcing refugees back to syria is the solution ? 
  i agree , we should sell syrian refugees to isis as slaves . 
  this way we could make a tidy profit out of them . 
  i 've never seen this many icelandic flags in a thread . 
  it 's so cute , 
  yeah , the netherlands has more \\* 180 cm tall plain women than any other country in the world . 
  ^ \\* ^ edit : ^ per ^ capita, 
  aside from 9,000 swedish volunteers , there were a massive amount of small guns , a fair amount of artillery and anti-air guns . 
  as well as 1/3 of the swedish air force . 
  it would have taken longer time , more commitment . 
  foreign help may have meant something ( france could have attacked from the west , for example ) . 
  germany went on and attacked france less than a year after that . 
  i like how he barely acknowledges their presence - he looks straight ahead , above their heads . 
  i 've heard kringel-a , or kringla , i think . 
  `` massively upvoted '' is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  anyway , free media can be manipulated , but it 's a lot harder to kill a popular narrative in the west . 
  the have in common that the countries signing them renounce all territorial claims on the country in question . 
  also : `` muslims are seeking asylum in order to establish sharia in sweden '', 
  yes , i think we are . 
  nsa is about clandestine activity , and it still leaked . 
  how often do we hear about what fsb does ? 
  nsa is about data gathering and spying . 
  sending in troops and gear is a little more difficult to execute without other people finding out . 
  the average american in 1970 knew a lot more about the vietnam war than the average soviet knew about afghanistan in 1988 . 
  a lot of soldiers came back from the war , of course , but few wanted to talk about it , and none could do it in public . 
  the media situation is a bit different today , but kremlin has still managed to avoid any serious debate about the cost of war in ukraine . 
  the us and other actors do not control media well enough for that tactic to work . 
  that 's what the germans thought about the 75 year old treaty that guaranteed the independence of belgium too . 
  now , that treay had stronger language , but still . 
  i should have chosen a better title - it 's all about what is linked . 
  [ i was provoked ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3gdt96/romania_appreciation_thread/ctx9hg6 ), 
   why ? 
  nobody has any idea . 
  all they say is that the produce `` should match the russian federation and the eurasian union 's safety standards '' . 
  apparently it suddenly does match those . 
  talk about rules devoid of anything but political meaning . 
  also , i see a great business opportunity here in relabeling ( nonlocal ) goods as coming from that region . 
  yeah , that lessens the impact 6 months after an international recession , but stifles the economy for years after it , instead . 
  in interviews the bands are addressed in english . 
  i ca n't tell if the band members reply in scots or in english with an accent . 
  personally , i have trouble with vowel changes . 
  it 's not hard if you get use to it , i guess . 
   after apartheid everyone kinda vilifies them and they have been reduced to a minority i think you mean `` their cultural and political influence has been reduced '' . 
  they were always a minority in sa . 
  go to , say , sundsvall , and things are not that different . 
  scottish mentality is probably not that foreign from scandinavian , and we love your music !, 
  however , we can not communicate . 
  every time there 's an interview with a band from glasgow , i listen for half a minute and then think `` right ... '' as i realize i wo n't understand a thing . 
  scratch sweden out of that list . 
  we 're too fond of having an independent foreign policy . 
   we like to stay in touch and to maintain our bonds this can not really be said about swedish-americans . 
  they were very quick to abandon their language and sometimes their names , and 90 % of their culture . 
  some of them are deeply religious and may feel at home in j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping , but nowhere else in sweden . 
  someone wants to build it and get a few billion rubles for it , you mean . 
  and now their youth camp has set a new record . 
  young social democrats in norway now stand for something . 
  it is a bigoted comment . 
  i agree . 
  putin 's government has adopted the policy that freedom from us hegemony is more important than any sort of win-win friendly relationship with russia 's neighbours in europe . 
  swedish businessmen who were advising the former pm of sweden ( reinfeldt ) told him not to worry about russia , because `` trade integration is too important '' . 
  ** they were wrong ** . 
  a lot of people wanted to believe in a normal russia . 
  now it 's clear that we have a neighbour that wants to strike out its own path , by any means available , and regardless of the cost levied on other countries , its citizens or other people . 
  his mission was a total failure , though . 
  social democrats in norway have been reinvigorated and contempt for politicians is at an all-time low . 
  is it hard to kill people ? 
  it 's mostly about conditioning ( disinhibition ) , coercion and indoctrination . 
  neither of these will build you an airport . 
  it 's a world where moscow calls the shots and the other slavs bow to the master nation . 
  how did that thought come about ? 
  on the other hand , the double-speak was strong in soviet , and it deepened distrust for the state , the news , the institutions and strangers , even those living just a few hundred meters away . 
  the morbid age . 
  there was a hopefully period in the 20 's , but it ended with the stock market crash in the us and nazis rising to power in germany . 
  the whole 30 's , everyone was expecting war . 
  serbia and croatia did engage in a few wars 20 years ago . 
  hating is easy , fixing problems is hard . 
  no , that 's danish . 
  unfortunately , we 're not good at keeping sovereignty over islands . 
  my guess is that they are called in at times , yes . 
  sjw talk about someone else , these people just want an excuse for their behavior . 
  there are legitimate victims of discrimination in sweden , these people are rarely so , and even if they were , it does n't excuse this shit . 
  this is illegal in sweden . 
  what should be done is filming , arresting , demasking and prosecuting these low-lives . 
  syria is n't that different from iran in this measure . 
  having a very young , unemployed population is a major cause of conflict , that 's well known . 
  no , we do n't pick . 
  they get to sweden , they apply for asylum here . 
  only a few percent get asylum abroad . 
  this does n't change the fact that the war is the major catalyst for the large number of syrian refugees . 
  the immigration ratio to sweden in 2014 was 48 % women 52 % men in total . 
  the emigration ratio was 49/51 % . 
  4500 more men than women came to sweden in 2014 with a net immigration of almost 100,000 . 
  edit : inconvenient facts , it seems . 
  sd do bother when it comes to mosques , though . 
  their main argument for accepting gay marriage is that islam does n't . 
  the main issue is that the title is wrong . 
  some * finns * want finland to be more multicultural . 
  yeah , especially during wartime debate dies out in israel too .
