  you 're accounting for internordic , interatlantic and inter-eurpean immigration in this figure . 
  that 's only iraqis , and most came 2003 - 2007ish . 
  status is the most relative game there is , and there 's none to be had at the bottom . 
  the problem is when the parents ( immigrants ) are stuck in unemployment , and this is a very common problem . 
  they do n't have the means to move anywhere and their kids see them as failures and that the swedish state is undermining their authority . 
  immigration to the us and asylum rules in sweden are completely different . 
  the us accepts fewer asylum seekers than sweden , while being 30 times as large , iirc . 
  and meanwhile , sweden does not `` take the most talented and energetic people from there '' in any way , shape or form . 
  this is not voluntary immigration , it 's people fleeing from war or persecution . 
  we accept political refugees from latin and south america too . 
  and iran . 
  actually , the political refugees we accept are often the best educated . 
  but we also accept asylum seekers that simply have lost their home and only have a warzone to return to . 
  if you 're a regular immigrant , you should either be student or have a company sponsor . 
  i highly doubt this is easier in the us . 
  how did you apply for the job ? 
  true !, 
  but that party program has cost them voters - it 's not as problematic for the green party to write something similar . 
  i have n't seen the argument , and i 'm not about to watch the video . 
  you can write two sentences . 
  we do not focus on `` importing muslims '' , it 's just that a lot of bad things go down in predominantly muslim countries and some of them have the means to get here , in contrast to people congo and other places . 
  you must understand that sweden is one of the few countries that take un declarations at face value . 
  the rules we use for immigration stems from the definition of legitimate reasons for seeking asylum as written by the un . 
  we are a country of idealists , in certain regards . 
  i know what you mean . 
  moscow dialect o -  a is not exactly `` ah '' , but rather a indistinct variant of the vowel in `` bird '' . 
  but the us has all kinds of european immigrants so it does n't mean anything in this particular context . 
   i seriously doubt that your government believes in ` we do it because it 's a humane thing to do ' bullshit . 
  they 're not stupid . 
  * this is exactly the reason * . 
  we accept asylum seekers because it 's the `` right thing to do '' . 
  some of our political parties , representing 10 % or so of the voters have serious discussions about letting everyone into the country - 100 % free immigration . 
  this is not political suicide on the left wing in sweden . 
  never heard of that case !, 
  it sure sounds pretty bad . 
  but some swedes may have the prejudice that `` convicted in romania '' means `` probably innocent '' . 
  i agree about the first part , but since the emphasis is on the first syllable , most russian speakers will pronounce it `` zharka '' . 
  yep , the problem in a nutshell . 
  sarka sounds almost as `` hot '' in russian . 
  vera is fairly common in sweden too , for some reason . 
  among centenarians and newborns , basically . 
  kjetil , but not kjell . 
  kjell is very common in sweden . 
  i met a pasquale who claimed his name is spanish . 
  latvia = ` is ending !, 
  it 's not pronounced nearly the same way , however . 
  edit : and truls !, 
  nope . 
  it 's just that we accept asylum seekers with legitimate claims , rather than shutting our borders and throwing them out , regardless of what will happen to them . 
  every time someone gets sent back despite a substantial risk for their life it 's a scandal here . 
  and yes , the majority of `` problem immigrants '' have legitimate claims or are close relatives of those who had . 
  tl ; dr sweden does n't throw asylum seeker out ( e.g. 
  for lacking papers ) without due process . 
  more or less every other country stop people before they can apply for asylum in some way or the other . 
   and the tragic thing is that the government did n't stop the flow of low-skilled immigrants even after the need for them dissapeared we accept very few economic immigrants . 
  we do accept asylum seekers , and people from current and former hell holes such as ex-yugoslavia , iraq after the war , somalia and syria , afghanistan ... asylum seekers are usually not well adjusted to the job market of the country the flee to . 
  sure . 
  was n't my point , however . 
  you ca n't compare countries like that . 
  give me 300 million swedes and a `` virgin '' continent , then we 'll see what happens . 
  yeah , we know nothing about the european crisis up here , except for slightly lowered growth and increased unemployment . 
  our prime minister is seen as `` tired and boring '' , but he 's trying this kind of stuff to be seen as more relevant . 
  you even got an iraqi to get your oil policies right , in order not to get screwed by big oil . 
  yeah , prewar europe ( 1800 's to 1914 ) and postwar europe had different trajectories . 
  then after ww2 it changed again . 
  the football scene was a reversed trope , because football fans are known to be the least tolerant ... 
  we have stayed out of wars ... 
  why the sigh ? 
  absolutely . 
  no , she speaks swedish normally . 
  but her english has a distinct english accent . 
  my thought as well !, 
  it was n't discussed in parliament . 
  there was only one host this year . 
  yeah , right . 
  what works in eurovision is kind of its own genre , but that popular artists could n't win is a false statement , because they have , many times . 
  the deeper and richer genre music does n't need to apply , however . 
  you 're right , but only because the the national board of health and welfare lost their case against proponents of the european convention ( in january this year ) . 
  one thing sweden still has is forced sterilization of trans-gendered people upon transition . 
  monaco and liechtenstein are your friends, 
  the exact same phenomena exists in sweden . 
  go to dalarna , and less than half the alcohol consumed is legal . 
  it is , given that the apology is directed at foreign visitors . 
  tourists in norway do have it worse , and the alcohol prices ( common complaint ) are markedly higher . 
  they did n't need to , and there was efta . 
  sweden 's mature economy bounced right back after the recession in 2009 too . 
  i suspect the case was similar in the baltics : the fundamentals were ok , the steep drop was mostly market uncertainty and a collapse in exports . 
  also , while your deficit spending went through the roof for a short period of time , you did n't have much debt . 
  at all . 
  nope , protestant and catholic/orthodox . 
  the origins are mutual , actually . 
  whole generations `` did n't want to be a burden '' , so old people did the best they could to rely on their spouses and the help from the municipality . 
  sacrifice still happens ( my aunt spent many years with my granny when her health deteriorated ) , but the biggest factor is that multi-generational living is * dead * in north europe . 
  i know it best from japan , and their i 've heard of many horror stories of bitter sons , daughters and daughter-in-laws treatment of their parents ( in-law ) . 
  i think this type of living arrangement had a better support structure before -- nowadays taking care of a parent with e.g. 
  dementia means sacrificing your life . 
  the kids that get away pay nothing , while those who get stuck are often forced to live where they do n't have job prospects or friends . 
  this could happen in sweden and denmark too . 
  source : a lazy scandinavian . 
   causing massive urban sprawl , urban sprawl is n't that pronounced in europe .
