  they also do n't distinguish between bread and pastry . 
  facts : give me a breakdown of how rape is reported in sweden , and how this affects the statistics . 
  if you ca n't do this , you do n't understand anything . 
  it 's like comparing a spectrogram of the sun to someone saying `` the sun is the most yellow thing '' . 
  not sweden . 
  it looks like a swedish map from the early 17th century , before we cleared southern sweden from danes , 
  it was also in the italian code of law until 20-30 years ago . 
  only bad women get raped . 
  it was an important movement . 
  small decorations was on everything at the time . 
  not only houses . 
  lamps , tables , chairs , telephones , cars , everything was adorned for no good reason . 
  yeah , that part is n't pretty . 
  the neighborhood `` gamla klara '' was shit , however . 
  in the before pictures , you can see how many buildings in need of a good refurbish . 
  but they were leveled , instead . 
  same in sweden . 
  then stockholm got `` sk\u00f6nhetsr\u00e5det '' and now old buildings are sacred . 
  it 's totally retarded !, 
  it 's finally being addressed , however . 
  not by your racist standards . 
  by your standards , there are no americans , apart from a few pure native americans . 
  legal loophole that made hand grenade one of the only lethal weapons you could own . 
  we still have relationships , fuck and have children , 
   also , for a good non-euro reference point , [ about 87 % of americans are fine with white-black marriage ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/163697/approve-marriage-blacks-whites.aspx ) . 
  i could not find stats to compare for the rest other 3 graphs . 
  not the same question . 
  you could think that it 's legally ok for you neighbour 's daughter to marry a white/black man , but have completely different expectations for your children . 
  op could have included `` white person '' . 
  the results are n't `` meh '' , they 're `` comfortable '' across europe, 
  if you dig , `` white person '' is there , and the scores are high, 
  decisions can and should be discussed in much franker terms than national stereotypes and grievances . 
  brexit is a shocking * decision * to much of europe . 
  a lot of it is thai brides for men who 's main redeeming feature is a steady income . 
  each case should be judged individually , but the combination of a swedish man seeking a woman to marry and a thai woman seeking better circumstances seems common . 
  there are many happy stories and quite a few sad stories , and plenty in between . 
  superficial patterns that may or may not have anything to do with cause and effect . 
  analog, 
  i saw plenty of carabinieri in italy in 1997 . 
  there were other terrorist at that time . 
  could have said the same in 1970 about communist terrorists and separatists . 
  it would take a dutchman to find danish bearable to the ear . 
  we 'll get a wee bit of it next week, 
  probably 2000 in g\u00f6teborg alone , including bands that are no longer active . 
  yeah , it seems reasonable , if there 's a certain aesthetic you 're after . 
  as an outsider , the distinction between core and metal is the hardest to understand . 
  but then again , grindcore really is n't my thing . 
  nikola is really `` not cola '' , right ? 
  my kids loved the flavor-enhanced grape juice . 
  they 'd be so happy when they spotted a welch 's grape 50 in a vending machine . 
  it was thing to bribe them for our whole stay . 
  j2o , oh the memories of flying ryanair . 
  i 'd never buy that drink simply because it reminds me of ryanair shenanigans . 
  julmust would be the most known swedish soft drink . 
  raml\u00f6sa is mineral water . 
  i really like trocadero ( an apple/orange mix ) but julmust is so popular around christmas , coca-cola completely failed to make a dent in consumption even after a large long-term christmas add campaign . 
  this means `` portugal shoe '' in swedish . 
   however i should have known its ep elections every 5 and not every 4 years ugh , yes, 
  partnership ! = marriage, 
  68 % feels just right , 
   swedish media have reported that the home addresses of fighter pilots to clarify this : the department of transportation keeps track of civilian flight licences . 
  via this registry it 's possible to track down a good guess about fighter pilots . 
  everything points towards a lack of security thinking within this department , especially among the chief executives and board members . 
  most employees were also clueless about what kind of sensitive data they had . 
  they administer a lot of data , but only some of it is sensitive , and only a few people in the data security group were worried about security . 
  the the ceo changed as the outsourcing deal was about to be struck with both new and former ceo mostly clueless about security . 
  there was also a culture of floating rules if projects were deemed important . 
   they sent out the list to some marketers ?? 
  as i understand the problem was that the databases were migrated , and that the guys ibm hired to help with this project had their security clearances waived , although they normally would have to go through an extensive background check to get access . 
  longevity ? 
  the danes suck , but we 're doing ok . 
  yeah , a legal clerk under the managing director said `` we 're braking our policies in four different ways , is n't this a bad thing ? '', 
  yup , it 's been studied , and scandinavian women value personality and looks over money . 
  compared to women elsewhere . 
  no , he had to strip naked and have a guard search his body for objects . 
  every day . 
  he won on a few things , for example daily naked strip searches . 
  it 's part of the system that he has a right to complain . 
  however , i think he still has no internet access . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not the expert . 
  ending his life as a free person is good enough for me . 
  are you seriously comparing a cheap toy with a woman ? 
  he certainly is n't the only prisoner who has video game access . 
  well , he likes gaming , and he was complaining about twenty other things . 
  the norwegians are basically treating him as poorly as possible given their laws . 
  and with no correspondence , he 's going to lead a miserable life , rotting in his cell . 
  regular prisoners are certainly allowed to keep personal relationships . 
  he is n't . 
  he claims so , yes , because he 's only allowed to interact with professionals , not friends . 
  the point is that it should n't matter if he is radicalised or not , norway is n't going to let him out . 
  hmm ? 
  he has no internet access ( possible heavily restricted ) , he 's only allowed to talk to professionals and his estranged family , his life is over . 
  there are plenty of good swedish sources covering this . 
  yeah , this is career politicians infesting the top positions of an agency until there are no people with expertise left . 
  it has all civilian licences . 
  everything is as terrible as they say , you 'd still need to use your brain and data sleuthing to put everything together . 
  but it is there . 
  it 's a lot worse than that . 
   we 'll live long enough to see another update of nuclear safety measures . 
  people in the industry have worked non-stop on this since 2011 .
