  if you said something insulting about a public person in a phone call to a friend , or something that could damage your reputation if taken out of context , would you be happy if your phone company managed to leak this to someone who finds interest in spreading this information ? 
  it is possible to do angry swedish , we 're just out of practice . 
  lol whut ? 
  absolutely , i 'm a vegetarian . 
  just say no to danish pork from abused pigs . 
  mildly irritated at most . 
  fuck you anyway  to be honest , my biggest gripe is with the argument that corporal punishment is sometimes the only way to get through to certain kids . 
  no country fought the nazis to stop the holocaust - and we had the white buses and wallenberg . 
  although you certainly can accuse the government of being spineless towards soviet when wallenberg disappeared . 
  much points to moscow expecting us to raise this issue , and then one of our consuls went and said that wallenberg 's whereabouts were none of sweden 's concern . 
  only when we 're taking it up the ass . 
  i agree !, 
  but that does n't mean you should do it . 
  i do n't want to spank my kids when they are really nasty , though , i want to slap them . 
  not happening either way . 
  wrong either way , 
  :-| not getting pissed off, 
  nah , finns are just tone-deaf . 
  why talk crudely when you can sing ? 
  well , at least your school system is much better than ours  we 're caught in a vicious circle : the school sucks -  teachers are disrespected -  good teachers leave and few apply to the programs ( at this point you can be braindead and still get into a teacher 's program ) -  the programs are too easy , to keep up the exam rate -  shit teachers get licences -  school sucks even more . 
  yeah , a finnish friend of my wife ( fiancee at the time ) said `` oh , you 're marrying a swede ? 
  99 % chance he is a homosexual '' . 
  i was n't even offended . 
  joke is old . 
  yeah , buy any wine under 80 kr on systemet , and you miss the whole point . 
  it 's not something you can use for good , really . 
  yeah , 13 % think so . 
  yeah , mention russia and it 's below the belt very quickly . 
  yeah , but that says more about americans than swedes . 
  it 's annoying , but understandable . 
  in japan , every adult can mention two to five things about sweden , and in two years i do n't think anyone i met wrongly attributed anything . 
  swedish massage and gymnastics are a thing , though . 
  well , there was one ditsy girl i met at a concert , but that was it . 
  did they confuse denmark for norway ? 
  to norwegians you can say that 17 of may is a shit holiday and that norway would be better without it . 
  what about this one : `` the only way to tell a finn and a russian apart is language '' . 
  considering what happens at the moment , should n't the insult be that `` germany has lost all spine in international matters '' or `` germany is russia 's little bitch '' ? 
  probably below the belt , though . 
  there is no danish food without pork or lard in it . 
  also lame , because we beat our independence into your skulls . 
  about 22 times . 
  yeah , that one 's annoying , because that character does n't say anything that remotely resembles swedish , or any scandinavian language . 
  i managed to piss off a finn by insulting their national pride once . 
  it was really all on me ( stupid move on my part ) , but boy , did the guy get offended . 
  anything pro spanking your kids is great fuel for inciting swedes . 
  at least it works for me . 
   ask them if most swedes are protestants because the reformation took place in stockholm we are , and this would n't piss off anyone . 
  the only way to piss off a swede with religion is to evangelize nonstop . 
  and unfortunately , we 're pretty secure about our country as a brand , so any semi-informed swede would laugh at confusing sweden for switzerland . 
  who save their nok and then go back to sweden and are able to buy something with the money . 
  it 's not even the same units !, 
  yeah , for example `` voff '' works for swedish dogs too . 
  finnish and swedish share many of those sounds , which can be confusing when you do n't understand finnish . 
  you understand all the interjections , but none of the words !, 
  japanese : `` yabai '' is much more `` oh , * shit * ! '', 
  than `` oh my god '' . 
  yabai indicates that you 're caught in a situation that requires an immediate response or you 'll be in trouble . 
  finnish `` herranjestas '' sounds like it was imported from swedish - i doubt this is a term people would use nowadays . 
  in swedish it 's antiquated `` herrej\u00f6stanes '' . 
  also , japanese tend to use `` ittei ~ '' or `` ittai '' instead of `` u '' . 
  sorry , none of this makes much sense . 
  this all happened because russia would not tolerate a new yushenko that actually has political clout , and a ukraine looking to integrate with the west . 
  and no-one , except of course the poor apolitical souls caught in the middle of the civil war , wants yanukovich back . 
  look how hard the russian propaganda tried to stir up things in odessa , kharkiv , dnipropetrovsk but failed utterly . 
  well-coordinated russian agents managed to aid a number of criminals and soviet-nostalgic souls in overturning the officials in a few cities in donbass , and now the locals have to suffer for it . 
  no state has ever accepted armed rebellion without fighting back , especially when it 's so clearly instigated by a belligerent neighbor . 
  it 's a state-own company formed around swedish hydro - and nuclear power . 
  in the 90 's , some guys at the top decided it was a good idea to grow into the european market by acquisitions , so the started buying german , polish and dutch power companies . 
  i think the idea to become `` one of the major players on the european electricity market '' got to their heads and they started to make some very bad decisions . 
  they lost billions of euro when acquiring the dutch company nuon . 
  big scandal in sweden . 
  they 're also trying to sue the german state for cancelling the extension of the permits for the nuclear reactors they own in germany . 
  yeah , like this would n't have happened without vattenfall . 
  it 's great to have a foreign company to put the blame on . 
  ( note that i agree that their investments outside of sweden have been questionable ) . 
  they know people will be looking for an ` a ' if they find a 'd ' , but that they may be content with an ` a ' and not look for ` a + + + ' , if the scale is skewed . 
  the blame is usually placed on a lack of forward thinking , and some industries not accepting that their products should get a grade below , say , ` b ' . 
  i think this goes for dishwashers and washing machines . 
  it 's not obvious what comes after ` a ' , but it 's fairly obvious that a + + is better than a +, 
  i have family in ukraine and i 've been very happy to have at least one foreign minister on ukraine 's side . 
  of course the change of government in ukraine was a blow to russian interests , but they way russia reacted can in no way be condoned . 
  so exactly what in this story do you disagree with ? 
  this could be an old-fashioned wolfram lightbulb . 
  levels better than just ` a ', 
  i think we 're in the top when it comes to single households in general . 
  i do have a childhood friend who did the subaru into tree thing , sadly . 
  what about men ? 
  yeah , nordic women are looking for tall , possibly handsome men . 
  if they want to have fun , they have their own money to spend . 
  death by subaru is a thing in sweden too , unfortunately . 
  we have limited the possible security on real estate to 85 % and making installments mandatory is being discussed . 
  but yeah , it 's not going to be pretty if the market collapses . 
  hah , yeah , we missed the ball on that one . 
  it 's your new asian values !, 
  enjoy . 
  but then they go to sweden and buy cheaper stuff . 
  also , vacations are much cheaper . 
  i do n't know how much of this ppp accounts for . 
  yeah , we have a property bubble . 
  i wonder if we 'll manage to let peter out instead of going bust : - / but people still make bank by just buying and selling the apartment they live in .
