  there are many examples , they are just being dismissed , if they do n't contain enough rabid murderers , continents or whatever . 
  most major cities are multicultural , and work just fine . 
  northern ireland and ireland got out of misery and poverty , got more secular , and suddenly it has become harder to find people who want to blow up their neighbours . 
  multiculturalism does n't work when prosperity is scarce and people do n't share friends and colleagues outside their main identity . 
  it works as long as 1 . 
  one ethnicity or religion does n't push for supremacy 2 . 
  everyone prospers fairly equally . 
  there 's local tradition , culture that continuously bridges other divides . 
   i hope you realize that there 's a bigger hate for jews in the muslim community than in the christian community . 
  this is mostly a modern , post-israel thing . 
  before 1948 , things were very different . 
  for what it 's worth , sarajevo worked as a multi-kulti city , although that would n't have been possible without a common identity outside ethnicity and religion . 
  yeah , and you ca n't mention how expensive it is ... 
  is n't it energy integration in general ? 
  the more nations that can share , the more efficient the overall net becomes . 
  it 's the same in r/sweden , that does n't change the fact that non-swedish speakers are outsiders and do not set the tone, 
  as it has turned out , climate change has hit the arctic the worst , with changes 3-5 times as large as the average . 
  imagine new york becoming like los angeles in a few decades . 
  do you know where svalbard is ? 
  something melting during the winter there was inconceivable . 
  go see the world . 
  there 's a reason radical selfishness is loathed . 
  the very basis of civilisation is cooperation . 
   it 's absolutely impossible to do between russia and eastern europe . 
  if this were true , there 's all the reason for eastern european nations to join nato and shun russia , no ? 
  repeating that narrative does n't make it true . 
  no - one forced russian to set their extremely well-prepared plan in motion before yanukovich left kiev . 
  yes . 
  this is what 's scary about it . 
  screwing over 46 million ukrainians means nothing , if screwing over them leaves russia in a slightly better geopolitical situation . 
  the main reason i dislike the current government of russia is that it 's so keen on pulling `` i win - you lose '' moves . 
  the basis of cooperation is finding nonzero sum games with a positive net . 
  if you disagree , gtfo . 
  build an alliance of nations , such as the eu , so we can focus on cooperation and benevolent competition . 
  large cooperating groups are much harder to screw over by ruthless individual nations . 
  let russia have their radical national interest alone . 
  babies thrive on gruel , which is the opposite of what the perps gave their baby in this case . 
  gruel is typically milk - and grain-based , although you can use rice or corn too . 
  grain can be skipped , but it 's a natural part of the diet in belgium , and knowledge about good alternatives for infants is not widespread . 
  this it 's easy to make mistakes . 
  for an adult , quinoa products are nutritious , but apparently it 's not good for infants . 
  maybe they fed him too little fat . 
  `` simply '' success looks easy after the fact, 
  i think they 're in the `` late may camp '' . 
  sweden is there too . 
  christian syrian in malm\u00f6 is perfectly fine , apart from an area of maybe ten blocks . 
  similar for shia muslims . 
  jews , however , have it bad in malm\u00f6 , i agree . 
  that 's fine !, 
  we do n't count norwegians as refugees , though, 
  you should try living as an undocumented refugee in lebanon for a few years . 
  yeah , very safe . 
  i have family in ukraine . 
  at the moment , there are plenty of economic reasons to leave ukraine , but still plenty of room to relocate internally . 
  i know of two well-educated women from christian countries that are now finally gainfully employed after ten years here . 
  there is one major reason to limit immigration to sweden : our economy has a distinct lack of simple jobs , and it wo n't get better . 
  the jobs offered to immigrants without degrees are very poorly paid , and often not comparable to what native swedes earn , 2-5 euros an hour . 
  those who have these jobs usually count as underemployed or unemployed . 
  unemployment money is insurance , so does n't apply to immigrants , although they get some limited cash support . 
  ( unaccompanied minors are really expensive , however ) the major benefit of coming here is that we still offer everyone with permanent residency pension for undocumented years worked abroad . 
  this is too generous , i think . 
  a `` vast majority '' would actually prefer to work if there is an opportunity to do so . 
   maybe eu should arm them and send them back then ? 
  to do what , exactly ? 
  get out of your sight ? 
  that 's the only thing that matters . 
  that 1/3 of the population has fled the country says nothing . 
  that 's why i said `` cannon fodder '' . 
  there are plenty of syrians who hate both assad and the militant islamists , and would be forced to fight for either party . 
  the political landscape does n't allow them to fight for what they believe in . 
  only to get a gun and point it at their neighbor . 
  vast majority implies the other category is negligible, 
  you mean soros personally !, 
  `` vast majority '' my ass . 
  there are clearly many opportunists , on the other hand , they wo n't be granted asylum . 
  so it 's straightforward to make a refugee system in the eu that deals with ( mostly ) refugees , not all migrants . 
  universalist values will lose ground if we stop believing in them , and globalism is clearly a long-term project with many obstacles, 
  universal values are still mostly a thing of the west , and both russia and china have openly argued against them . 
  most muslims disagree too . 
  so as long as those values are not compromised , no swarming out can take place . 
  a globalist would also say that adopting universal values is n't tied to your place of birth . 
  there has . 
  plenty of times . 
  ever heard of political marriages , for example ? 
  i have personal contact with a ukrainian family that is seeking asylum in sweden . 
  hate to say it , but they are a perfect example of economic migrants . 
  they do n't live near the conflict , they did n't face a forced draft , or anything , as far as i understand it . 
  let 's be blunt here : the large number of syrian refugees makes it inhumane to force them to stay in overcrowded camps as close to the conflict as possible . 
  we ca n't and should n't take all syrians in jeopardy , but we should do our part . 
  which country would have accepted a few million jews in the late 30 's ? 
  it 's no surprise they spread out all over the place . 
  and yes , the comparison is n't 100 % accurate , but syrians are n't exactly in demand anywhere , except as cannon fodder in syria . 
  nationalist should take not that the total abandonment of globalism and universal values will lead to war . 
  as in , is guaranteed to lead to war , as most international issues will no longer be solved . 
  the ukrainians are mostly not asylum seekers . 
  they are economic migrants , 
  i do n't see many greeks wanting to radically cut military spending , though . 
  yup , the military spending is part of the reason greece is poor now , a lot of corruption was tied to buying military equipment . 
  funny how this rarely is mentioned, 
  to be fair , should n't we treat all right-wing greeks as anti-democratic supporters of the former junta ?
