  deep down , humans are masters at rationalizing and justifying their habits , so doctors tend to behave like people in general , at least when it comes to public habits . 
  right answer : [ snus ] ( http://blog.northerner.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/byron-white-snus-portions.jpg ) snus is still much more popular with men . 
  when people criticize putin , they usually criticize his third term . 
  it 's been dominated by consolidating power at home while `` restoring glory '' abroad , and not giving two fucks about being a predictable trade partner that focused on building the economy . 
  yes , the 2000-2012 era was good for russia . 
  it was also a time of high oil prices . 
  since 2012 , putin 's rule seems more interested in geopolitics than making russia a great place to live in . 
  why quarrel over living standards , when you can have pride and glory ? 
  when we 're lucky , we get mainland weather from central and eastern europe instead of north atlantic weather . 
  some summers are amazing , some suck . 
  it 's a lottery every year . 
  you are entirely missing the point . 
  there 's overlap of issues in international trade , where russia wants to sign bipartisan treaties on a tit-for-tat basis , and us/eu style treaties where markets are regulated in the open and multinationals can cross borders with increased ease . 
  so anti-globalism can be married with being pro-russia , since russia 's main exports , oil and gas , do n't matter much to anti-globalists . 
  otherwise the political discourse in europe is still the most diverse in the world . 
  russian agents also promotes conspiracy thinking : `` nothing is true , everything is a conspiracy '', 
  l o l, 
   poor things . 
  now what else are they going to do with all their money ? 
  invest it where the risks are lower ? 
  if you invest in something , let 's say a workshop for your own business , would you want to give it away for free when the local authority expropriates the land ? 
  or would you actually want to use the workshop to make things you can sell to other people ? 
  ironically , russia mostly supports existing movements too . 
  anti-establishment movements are easy to manipulate in that they lick up everything that runs counter to what the local government is saying . 
  the perfect audience . 
  he supports people who are for the freedom of press , international trade and freedom of self-expression ( also known as `` the gay '' ) . 
  nasty globalist in a nutshell . 
  also universal values over nationalism . 
  why do you think the un envoy to syria is willing to put his own life at risk to let the militants out of aleppo ? 
  an area where 200,000 are living is being bombed to dust . 
  philip morris lost in the end . 
  however , i agree that these arbitrary courts come with a number of problems . 
  the current mood in many eu countries is to say no to everything , though . 
  nuclear shutdown in germany was an unexpected decision based on the public reaction to an event in japan . 
  the trajectory before that pointed to a low risk of policy change in the medium term . 
  sure , you can pin all the risk on the investors , but that 's just going to give investors cold feet . 
  and * some * amount of protection for foreign investors seems reasonable , since arbitrarily shutting down a foreign business is a lot easier than doing the same for a national business . 
  the national business can rally local influence much easier . 
  what exactly `` the right amount of protection '' is , is another question . 
  my understanding of trade arbitration comes from the nuclear industry in germany . 
  the swedish company vattenfall invested a lot of money into german nuclear power . 
  before fukushima , permits to run power plans were processed so that the plants could run until 2035 - 2040 . 
  in a pen stroke , germany voided those permits and set an end-date to 2020 . 
  there 's a case now , where vattenfall is suing the german state for , yes , billions in lost profits . 
  this is the situation the anti-ceta folk want to eliminate : they want to governments to make [ canadian ] investments void of value without risking a lawsuit . 
  yeah , that 's one opinion . 
  another opinion you see quite often is `` the eu is a dictatorship '' . 
  britons posting standard eu-rants are going to get downvoted . 
  do n't see it that much otherwise . 
  i 'm not happy . 
  a popular opinion i 've seen is that the uk is screwing themselves by leaving . 
  everyone 's so convinced this is a bad deal . 
  my money is still on that the primary reason is not `` this particular trade deal will be bad for europe '' , but `` omg , there 's a clause that says local government are not allowed to screw over foreign companies without due process !, 
  '' , i. e. anti-free trade propaganda . 
  if the eu has nothing worth exporting , we 're doomed anyway . 
  but in the end , no deals are signed , because myopic thinking and bickering . 
  yay !, 
  elitist ? 
  no , the scaremongering about trade agreements have come to a point where common people , including people in this subreddit , think that international trade is bad . 
  it 's a fucking joke , that 's what it is . 
  yeah , there 's a significant roma minority in finland . 
  even in sweden , you can identify people as finnish roma . 
  they 're not beggars , and rarely scammers , these days . 
  those come from abroad . 
  yeah , i was in poland recently and met one of my wife 's friends . 
  he backed pis . 
  a major reason is that people got po-exhaustion . 
  corbyn leads a party that is undergoing the transformation from a major ruling party back to a movement . 
  that would be a first , no ? 
  russian images proudly show unguided carpet bombings . 
   has received a record low amount of refugees during the summer , despite expecting many more . 
  which weirdly coincedes with the russian intervention and the reversal of war fortunes for the syrian government and goes directly against the braindead ` russia intervened to create more refugees and destroy europe ' narrative . 
  the eu also made a deal with turkey , and macedonia closed ( etc ) closed the land route to europe . 
  now people are trying to go from egypt and libya instead , but in smaller numbers . 
  there are still millions out there who would rather be in europe than na or me . 
  the nature and timing of lies vary . 
  the us will deny cia activity , but not military action . 
  you 're probably right in general , but in sweden the road tax for diesel cars is higher , as well as being based on ( theoretical ) co2 emissions . 
   no , the eu has more relaxed nox/particulate emissions norms ( and some other requirements ) specifically for diesel engines because ... nobody really knows `` protectionism '' is a simplification . 
  european car makers made cars that were popular among europeans that happened to do well on many parameters , but not nox emisions , and no institution were all that interested in fighting them on this issue . 
  vw is also the biggest car manufacturer in the world ( in competition with toyota ) . 
  they 're the biggest player pushing for turbo-diesels . 
  it 's known that they cheated in america ( other makers used urea-additive in the us ) . 
  so i do n't think it 's that strange that they were persecuted for their cheating in the us . 
  yeah , this perplexes me too . 
  probably the truth is too damning , so they stalled to bury it . 
  i suspect there was an ceo-official gambit to `` play unfair first , ask for forgiveness later '' . 
  swedish arms makers ( and telcos such as telia ) have been pretty bad too . 
  key thing is that they have been prepared to bribe people in countries where bribes are expected . 
  instead of pushing for better business practices , they 've played to win . 
  ikea tried doing it the right way in russia ( as far as is know to the public ) , but they faced a lot of pushback when they did not bribe key players for permissions , to get projects started , necessary infrastructure , etc , etc. 
  the american norms were not set with turbodiesels in mind . 
  european tests were much more lax ( = bad ) , but also were set with diesel engines in mind . 
  the thing is that all ( or nearly all ) car makers cheat on the european nox test . 
  the fundamental problem is that many of the advantages of the diesel powertrain disappear when max nox levels are set to the same as for gasoline cars . 
  europe has had a 30 year long love-affair with turbodiesels and low fuel consumption , and emissions testing has been all too lax . 
  so i guess one reason that vw reacted as they did was because they know other makers were no better outside the us market . 
  the malign intent is the same . 
  yeah , the poles in gb are the worst !, 
  as seen in the brexit referendum , the people of europe oppose successful economic immigration too .
