  they were being pushed back by the russian offensive , yes , but clearly not steamrolled . 
  i understood the sarcasm and that 's why i replied . 
  if your joke was n't meant to be a comparison to the situation in ukraine , why are you commenting in this thread ? 
  the government of ukraine is certainly not ideal . 
  however , the side that wants to defend ukraine is a lot stronger than those who want to fold . 
  emotionally , many ukrainians think that ukraine is not what it should be , but even among them , the vast majority dislike the russian invaders . 
  the annexation of crimea and invasion of donbas has made the majority of ukrainians wary of russians when they were brothers before . 
  so if the current government falls , the replacement will likely be more nationalistic . 
  there will be a millions of people willing to defend ukraine , even if further gains by russia is a given if they push hard enough . 
  russia is in no position to go all-in in ukraine . 
  the russian people would accept an attack on a folding country , but not one that is bitterly fighting back for every town . 
  they also have an engagement in syria which i figure ties down a significant part of their most elite troops . 
  how does this compare at all ? 
  most of the separatist gains came in the few months after yanukovich was thrown out , and the military command was in disarray - both from years of mismanagement and the broken chain of command . 
  the rest of the gains came after massive russian help . 
  the ukrainian army is a lot more combat ready today than 2.5 years ago . 
  ukraine is not iraq . 
  the country is divided , yes , but most feel like ukrainians , while some do n't trust the new oligarchs in kiev , still think the soviet times were best , and think that putin is a strong leader of soviet caliber . 
  for example , sloviansk , that used to be one of the separatist strongholds , has no strong call for joining the separatist side again . 
  however , they did elect a mayor that comes from the anti-maidan camp - but not on a anti-maidan platform . 
  apparently ultras in krakow and elsewhere are really , really obnoxious . 
  russians ? 
  he was a local and had , what , 40 years to do it ? 
  the theocratic tendency in islam is strong but not absolute . 
  non-theocratic rule has a long tradition in many muslim countries . 
  radicals do well by attacking tourism ( by terrorist acts ) . 
  radicalism thrives in unemployment and poverty . 
  tourism generates decent jobs for many , but can go away quickly when security is threatened . 
  terrorism kills tourism , and so creates the unemployment and poverty radicals desire . 
  also new windows, 
  the rule is n't `` do n't harm others '' it 's `` do n't break rules when people can see you '' . 
  that 's the japanese way . 
  as an example of this culture , the japanese mafia used to extort companies by digging up minor or major dirt on them and threaten to reveal it at the annual general meeting . 
  they 'd typically get their money and the meetings would be very boring affairs . 
  when this happens in sweden , you do n't fine anyone , you just confiscate the alcohol and dispose it later . 
  so if no-one sees you dumping industrial waste in a river , it 's ok ? 
  i 'm not discussing the consequences , only if you risk being observed . 
  in japan , the decision if something is acceptable or not happens on a societal level , not individual . 
  so , e.g. 
  vegetarianism for personal , ethical reasons is * extremely * uncommon . 
  only on the `` shame on you '' , sense . 
  japanese will strive to never brake rules in front of other people . 
  if nobody is watching , anything goes . 
  one cultural element that according to some studies is more common in the south is `` aggression against those who take action to enforce rules '' . 
  in games where the highest overall gains come from maximum cooperation , but personal gain can come from cheating , all cultures express a willingness to forgo some personal gain to penalize the cheaters . 
  but in some cultures , there 's also a strong element of penalizing those who penalize . 
  that is , some people will go out of their way to shit on the `` boyscouts '' who try to keep people from cheating . 
  smoking is not illegal for swedish women , it 's just heavily frowned upon , and will provoke loss of status . 
  now , if you comment on a pregnant woman smoking , you will likely get a nasty reply of `` mind you own business '' , but there wo n't be many jumping in to defend the woman that smokes ( unless they 're also pregnant smokers ) . 
  which decade is the donbas region going to live again ? 
  it 's a hell-hole now , they only have what the military command require , everything else is an afterthought, 
  sweden 's alt-right movement is quite split-up about russia . 
  on one hand , russia is the enemy since time immemorial . 
  the nationalists that dream about 17th century warrior-kings want to bolster our defence and keep a wary eye to the east . 
  but those that mostly dislike immigrants and the establishment crave the type of alternative narrative russian news sources provide , and are far more worried about muslims than geopolitics . 
   i just do n't understand how anyone is surprised by russia , did any serious academic expert on russia come out to state that they are surprised russia took action when its strategically vital base in crimea was threatened , a area with a majority russian ethnic population on it 's border ? 
  i doubt international reactions would have been as `` harsh '' or even registered at all if russian action had been limited to sevastopol . 
  what happened instead was clearly meant to signal a new era of the russian empire , the start of a reconquista . 
   i think i am different to most people that post in this sub in that i actually live in europe , and i think that russia is a natural partner for the eu , a partner that is rational and can be trusted as a equal unlike a partner i shall not name that seems obsessed with being a global hegemon sweden and much of the eu did trust russia up to ~ 2014 , basically . 
  increasing trade and cultural exchange , applauding ikea 's efforts at expanding into russia , not making much fuzz about nordstream , dismissing nato membership as unnecessary , cutting military spending . 
  the list goes on . 
  the mantra was `` russia wo n't surprise us , they 're a stable trading partner now '' . 
  ppp , but not per capita . 
  it does n't mean much , except for `` how much consumer stuff could the state buy , if it bought them like a citizen '', 
  tl ; dr italy did well after the war , poorly in the 70 's and boomed in the 80 's . 
  however , even after several good years they had a public debt of 104 % in 1992 , and have not seen sustained growth since . 
  also , `` races '' is fairly useless for describing humans . 
  designating `` slavic people '' as a distinct ethnic group , as the nazis did , is a cultural and language thing . 
  a person with germanic dna ( carrying the minuscule distinctions that exist ) , raised in a slavic country by parents with slavic sounding names would have been considered a slav . 
  that 's a shame , i 'm basically alde myself . 
  we 're under the threat of extinction . 
  apple has a lot of money , so they could possibly do a lot with it . 
  can you explain what alde means inte this context ? 
  if someone 's using english on reddit , it does n't mean jack , though . 
  r/europe is dominated by people living in the eu , after all . 
  or they come to pick berries for a pittance . 
  half-way , it seems . 
  yes , i was being sarcastic . 
  before the election , pis claimed that polish economy had not made much progress since communism ( because of the last government ) . 
  now , suddenly , everything looks good again !, 
  denmark had no problem at all sending hundred of thousands of refugees to sweden . 
  swedish radio . 
  swedish-speaking poles, 
  pis basically said poland was going to shit before the election . 
  i heard one representative on the radio - 100 % empty rhetoric when it came to the last 15 years . 
  thanks pis !, 
  is there a disdain for engineering in russia too ? 
  because engineers in ukraine ca n't find jobs matching their competence , the degree is really low status these days . 
  you 'd be alright if sweden shunned catholics too ? 
  after all , we 're a protestant country . 
  we even were one of the driving forces behind the 30 years war , against the pope . 
  europe can and should have clear boundaries on religious expression and its use to control individuals , but religious freedom is a good thing 99/100 . 
  i like g-star raw , though . 
  denmark is probably h&m land too . 
  haha , yeah , it 's silly popular in germany . 
  yes , r/europe had a post on how if britain leaves , swedes would want to leave too . 
  it was a quite strange question to ask , but apparently the poll was legit . 
  however , as we 've all seen , the reality of brexit is something else . 
  not the danes . 
  we do have the `` age of the vikings '' taught in schools in sweden , however .
