  ah , you have entrance exams to university , not grades ? 
  very interesting , since this is exactly what korea , japan and ( probably ) singapore has too . 
  we have five main problems : 1 . 
  too much focus on `` free schools '' put well-behaved students with a good support from parents in their own schools ( and struggling students in problem schools ) 2 . 
  municipalities running schools with minimal competence . 
  headmasters are often less competent than teachers . 
  a focus on grades , not content . 
  local and imported culture of not thinking education is important . 
  teachers are trash and get no respect from students or administration , and the bars to become a teacher have all but disappeared too . 
  yeah , that 's probably it . 
  the king is the only belgian thing about belgium . 
  also , if he thinks nationalism is essentially different from patriotism + the american dream , he is seriously deluded . 
  nationalism also brought national solidarity , and made it easier for people to move between regions within the country . 
  i think belgium needs a new constitution . 
  calling it a `` failed state '' implies it could reasonably be compared to somalia . 
  i think the most shocking thing is how russia still is so scientifically isolated . 
  moscow barely competes with stockholm or copenhagen . 
  does n't really apply . 
  making it possible for poor people to lead decent life is usually a net positive for society as a whole . 
  example : flight ticket sweden - germany by ryanair , round trip $ 50 - $ 100 . 
  taxi fare from the airport in germany to the destination , which is a city of 500,000 : $ 110 . 
  in the end we pay around 4 times more on taxi fares than on the airfare . 
  that 's exactly what this guy is called , though . 
  malta is already on the conservative extreme of europe , this tonio borg is on the conservative extreme of malta . 
  i 'm guessing you 're tall ... 
  i was under the impression that most demos are forbidden in moscow ( unless they support putin ) . 
  it 's obvious that the regime find you more useful than other opposition groups . 
  not to think of how it was in sweden before the police finally agreed to start issuing id cards ... 
  not really , the supermarkets are open 8-22 these days . 
  i can remember when they closed at 6 pm . 
  the last 7-10 years ( i ca n't pinpoint it exactly ) , swedish local supermarkets have started to have opening hours such as 8-22 in all cities , and most of the bigger towns . 
  it 's quite expensive to shop there , but the availability is simply a lot better than 20 years ago . 
  er , yes . 
  we could n't help you had ports to the baltic sea . 
  getting up when it 's pitch black sucks more . 
  no snow in central sweden , yet . 
  poland really liked the golden horde . 
  same goes for sweden . 
  we had a research reactor in the 60 's that could have been a stepping stone , but the government decided to stay nuke free . 
  yep , and now that you soon are out of the nuclear energy program , you 'll pay even more . 
  i 'm going to go help out with your energy production ( indirectly ) tomorrow , but i guess we 'll have more business with poland in the future ... 
  asia and africa . 
  not hundreds of thousands on a daily basis , of course . 
  sadly , i do n't think we could handle free immigration to europe . 
  ... and some countries have to deal with hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants . 
  i think the author lacks perspective . 
  alcohol is a mind-altering substance , and it would n't be as popular if it was n't . 
  the liberal party is center-right in sweden . 
  belarus , obviously . 
  at least he can then travel the whole schengen area . 
  sure , but the ascension of the turks were more or less independent of the arabs . 
  the mongols did n't need much reason to conquer asia and half of europe , did they ? 
  empires were formed and destroyed all the time up to nationalism , when people started sympathizing with their neighbors , and divide and conquer became more difficult . 
  what drove the ottomans to invade europe ? 
  their economy , and the perceived weakness of the divided europe . 
  their social system only worked as intended as long as they had newly conquered land to distribute among the privileged . 
  nj obviously has an agenda . 
  there are a lot of opinions there that are challenged . 
  i would say challenged ! = bashing . 
  fishing regulation is moving slowly , but afaik , it 's getting better . 
  blair went to iraq because of anglo-american relations , and maybe even some sense of shared christian mission with george w bush . 
  and astrazeneca is anglo-swedish . 
  well , it 's not particularly strange that comments that amounts to `` fuck you , i 've got mine '' do n't get that many upvotes . 
   anyone want to acknowledge that over 1,000 years of european history were dominated by a conscious resistance to islamification this is a very strange way to put it . 
  we would have defended our countries/empires regardless of the religion of the invaders . 
  the problem was n't islam , but that they were foreign empires invading . 
  sure , similar to european empires , the muslim empires were culturally imperialist ( the mongol were n't , they were more about the plunder and power afaik ) . 
  ah , i made a then/than typo . 
  * sigh * . 
  it 's quite annoying how sometimes you do n't make these mistakes until you notice how everyone else is making them . 
  have you been living under a rock ? 
  football is huge in sweden , and clearly more important , th ** a ** n say , religion . 
  in part i agree , you have a part of your national identity tied to a document , while european identity is mostly tied to land , language and history , things that are difficult , uninviting or impossible to acquire as an outsider . 
  well , how many completely illiterate adolescents immigrate to the us ? 
  sweden , with just slightly more people than new jersey , gets hundreds every year . 
  the us was founded as an immigrant nation . 
  no european nation was founded that way ( barring iceland , perhaps ) . 
  we , on the other hand , were use to constantly fighting over every inch of land . 
  the histories are n't even remotely the same . 
  the constitution has nothing to do with it , besides that you do n't have to be born in the us to start revering it like a sacred tome . 
  ( yes , i live in a country with a constitution , nobody cares about it as long as it guarantees free elections and governments that can run the country . 
  oh , i forgot , the republicans care , they want to abolish the monarchy ), 
  did anyone read the story to the end ? 
  the european commission wants to abolish this policy , but 14/27 members are stopping it from doing so . 
  when people said that subreddit had gone down the drain 6 months ago , i did n't believe them , because i still saw good first-hand accounts of events regularly , and among the top comments . 
  now , top comments are likely to be of the `` duh '' variety . 
  i hope this means that they give women better pensions , then , since it 's customary to compensate their longer lifespan with a worse pension per month . 
  yeah , that was some poor people enjoying available-for-all seaside real estate , farm land , and housing . 
  if i open my mouth , fried sparrows will fly into it too . 
  ... yes . 
  just vague recollections . 
  but the danish flag with a cross is supposedly the `` oldest state flag '' . 
  the `` nordic cross '' is a thing of its own in flag design : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_cross_flag, 
  blue sky and yellow fields ? 
  that 's a standard story . 
  that it 's supposed to look like the ukrainian ? 
  yeah , that was a joke . 
  historically the cross came first . 
  just dig a trench cross through a field of rapeseed and fill it with water !, 
  yeah , you see that all the time in canada .
