  berlusconi managed to be slavishly pro-putin as well . 
  what 's wrong with berlin ? 
  i hear they voted no to getting an air force , so it ca n't be too hard . 
  is it controversial to state that schr\u00f6der 's restructuring of the german economy worked ? 
  because that was the big change in 2000-2005 . 
  neither imperial japan nor nazi germany exist today , so yes , i agree . 
  great company to find yourself in . 
  thank you for that explanation . 
  however , in stockholm , for example , everything `` within the tolls '' is expensive , and nowadays everything just outside the tolls is becoming gentrified and expensive too . 
  the american word that really fits what we 're talking about is `` projects '' . 
  sweden has it 's own projects , which stem from the years 1964-1975 when about a million apartments where built . 
  these are often the poorer areas today , although they where a big improvement at the time . 
  example : https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/miljonprogrammet#/media/file:rinkeby_mot_nordost_1988.jpg, 
  i should have been clearer . 
  i do n't understand why going piecemeal was such an affront to sh\u00e4uble et al. 
  latvia went through internal devaluation to cope . 
  spain also suffered , but at least they had the wherewithal not to keep on booking the same deficits as before . 
  greece governments had eight years to change gears , but they did n't , because of the negative effects in the short term . 
  yeah , i do n't really understand that part . 
  yeah , ukrainians are slightly more tolerant of gays than russians . 
  but only slightly . 
  the pushback is probably less in kiev than in moscow , but elsewhere i 'd keep pda 's to a minimum too . 
  we understand what a suburb can be . 
  `` the death of the city center '' is almost exclusively an american phenomenon . 
  easier said than done , considering how many european banks would have gone insolvent from the fallout . 
  of course , there could have been another way out , but greece ca n't default within the ez , as far as i understand . 
  * please resume watching * if you do n't comply , there 's a sound that goes from loud to unbearable to injuring until you do . 
  they 're economically tied in with their eastern neighbor , after all . 
  yeah , i did not learn about this in school . 
  maybe it 's slightly different now , but it was all about `` that king took part in this campaign , oh look shiny territories in germany were gained when the forces under the banner of the hre were defeated '' . 
  `` but war was not good for the swedes back in sweden , they lost people and were taxed heavily . '', 
  no , he actually said that they were free to stay or to go , he emphasized that they should disband and surrender their weapons . 
  he did not make any threats against anyone surrendering . 
  some parts of germany still have nursery verses warning their children for `` the swedes '' . 
  pillaging was one of the main ways to fund the armies at the time . 
  not on safety , but certainly on timeliness . 
  that is a consideration , yes . 
  sure . 
  it has a long tradition in sweden too . 
  their safety record is n't worse than comparable countries either , as far as i know . 
  most countries have a had one or a few large train accidents ( as well as many smaller ) . 
  abou 6 million cars and 11 million train passengers per year is not too bad . 
  living in sweden and working in denmark and vice versa has become quite common . 
  from tourist point of view , whenever you go to malm\u00f6 , the option to also go to copenhagen is much more viable . 
  and if there 's an event in malm\u00f6 ( say eurovision show , or a sports event ) , many danes who would not have bothered before may think of going to malm\u00f6 as an option . 
  yeah , that was a tragic accident . 
  i think it 's the only one the last 25 years , though . 
  freighters are even cheaper . 
  train is usually faster . 
  if you double or triple the distance when going by rail , you do n't have any advantages left . 
  expensive - yes . 
  this is more about history . 
  the early swedes were acting somewhat like the teutonic knights . 
  we made the locals christians by sword and settled much of the western coast . 
  it 's a long way , the distance to germany via the baltics is much shorter . 
  for example , helsinki - haparanda - hamburg is about 2800 km by train ( or more , this is the distance i found for cars ) . 
   all it takes is one train being slightly late and the whole thing collapses this is why japanese trains excel : `` one train late '' is a rare occurrence . 
  everything builds on al trains being exactly on time , all the time . 
  down to a few seconds . 
  planning to replace the traffic solution in [ this area in central stockholm ] ( http://www.lansstyrelsen.se/stockholm/sitecollectionimages/sv/nyheter/helspalt%20 ( 416x231px \\ ) / slussen-foto-ingemar-bostrom . bmp ) has gone on for half a century . 
   i doubts that we 'll see many commuters at this distance one hour commutes are not uncommon . 
  and a train could cover the distance in half an hour . 
  the bridge and tunnel between copenhagen - malm\u00f6 has worked out very well . 
  the population sizes involved are not that different . 
   finland is an english thing i think you mean swedish . 
  crises rarely drag on forever . 
  six years is quite long already . 
  otoh , our finance minister had to go on an international begging tour to borrow money in the mid 90 's , and the rates sweden got were not favorable at first . 
  he says it was not a nice experience to go ask some cold-hearted finance guy to buy bonds . 
  we had to issue them in dollars too , so our currency was no protection . 
  many ukrainians are deeply familiar with this problem . 
  that 's baby names , though . 
  or scandinavian versions of charles ( karl/carl ) . 
  most nordic countries have fought off their own financial bubbles on their own . 
  those crises were not as severe , but left us with the feeling that 1 ) public finance should not be taken lightly and 2 ) paying off your debts sucks , but it can be done, 
  it 's kind of hard to get motivated to improve your language skill significantly if your skills already surpass the teaching level and your needs . 
  strange that the teachers did n't understand that . 
  the private lenders that did n't accept this scheme had to take a 50 % haircut , though . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  we do n't interpret the events the same way , but i do appreciate that you 're sharing your point of view on the events . 
  people in the west were largely in the dark about is/al-nusra up until 2013 . 
  we did n't understand what unfolded , only how far assad was prepared to go to remain in power . 
  there 's no evil plot behind this ~ ~ misunderstanding ~ ~ ignorance . 
  what i do n't quite grasp is what your solution to end the violence is . 
  lots of mp 's in the european parliament do try to work for what 's best for europe . 
  they 're not always in majority , however . 
  diplomacy can be done out of a charitable cause with no more hidden agenda than what the goodwill of a success would bring . 
  the goodwill of diplomatic success is often quite substantial , if it 's a matter that can be spun that way . 
  sometimes you are not in a position to brag about your success , and then it 's left to being directly self-serving , or that individual diplomats have taken a personal stand on the matter . 
   take razan zaitouneh as a good example . 
  she won lots of awards and was always highlighted internationally . 
  whenever the government arrested her there would be international uproar . 
  she looked like an important person in douma . 
  18 month agos the local islamists battation kidnapped her and shot her dead . 
  no one , literally no one in douma even came out to protest or say anything . 
  sakharov prize meant nothing to them . 
  some points : 1 . 
  it 's unclear what happened to her . 
  it 's known that she was kidnapped . 
  no-one claimed that she was important to the people of douma .
