  one baguette , 4 ounces of butter . 
  some cheese and soup . 
  then dinner can commence . 
   japanese killed people , today : crickets . 
  only if you exclude 1.5 billion people in easter ( n ) asia . 
  hatred for japanese is common in china and both koreas . 
  ah , so not on profit , but on invoice . 
  that 's horrible for everyone involved , including those taking the bribes :(, 
  yeah . 
  the company may have lied about the cut though , applying hollywood accounting . 
  yet another example that corruption is very different from taxation . 
  plus people live in the houses they own . 
  speculation is possible in sweden , but difficult . 
  i have worked with great iranian engineers . 
  syria was a mid-income country of 22 million people before the war . 
  certainly they had their share of competent engineers . 
  nope . 
  it was n't built to handle an influx of over 1 % of the population , and as the applicants have increased , the time-to-decision on asylum has gone up too . 
  ulterior motive to what ? 
  sweden is a bureaucracy , and if some people hear that it 's much easier to get a job in the uk , why would n't they leave ? 
  the first year in a country will more or less decide what people think about it , and if that time is an open-air prison with nothing gainful to do , and bureaucrats telling you not to look for work or education , many people will be fed up . 
  exactly . 
  i heard a radio interview with the minister responsible . 
  it was quite obvious that by limiting access to people with a residence permit , they could `` succeed with the task at hand '' ( i.e. 
  limit the difficulty of the problem ) with a limited budget . 
  effectively doubling the program in size in a year or so while maintaining any sort of quality would be difficult regardless of budget ... 
  i think it 's a practical matter at this time . 
  we do n't have the means to provide meaningful swedish classes for 160 000 new people at the moment . 
  by restricting access , politicians buy time to expand the programs . 
  best qualified to start working asap . 
  some may be ready to start working right away ( e.g. 
  engineers with good english ) , others may need a 3-6 month crash course in swedish , yet others a 6-12 month long accelerated qualifications program ( say , doctors ) . 
  the problem is that we do nearly none of this today . 
  there is informal language help , but the courses are reserved for people who have been granted asylum . 
  yup , the system for 99 % of refugees works like this : welcome . 
  here is where you will wait . 
  please wait 12-24 months . 
  do nothing . 
  we 're still * discussing * if there can be an accelerated program for the best qualified . 
  even if this is only 10 % of all refugees , it 's still 16 000 potentially productive people forced into 1-2 years of inactivity . 
  it 's not unusual that the best will give up and move somewhere else once they get asylum . 
  and cynicism gets mistaken for intelligence all the time ... by the mediocre . 
  le pen is not in power , though . 
  i agree that it was , in part , a reaction and that some of the components fell in place because of earlier interventions . 
  you 're simplifying . 
  the 1979 revolution could not have happened without the local communist support . 
  khomeini was pretending to be a uniting figure in the early stages . 
  then they imprisoned the communists and created the modesty police . 
  modesty , for example , was not at all a part of the revolution . 
  they are not, 
  and my point was that your sarcasm made little sense . 
  drought and * refugees * to syrian cities from the countryside . 
  well , i can agree that crushing the communists in the long run meant crushing the secularists . 
  in the cold war hot spots there were usually only allies or enemies , so whatever means necessary were used to prevent enemies . 
  sorry , the us does not compare . 
  and theocracy was n't something even the most pious christina brought with them from europe . 
  that was resolved , more or less , in the 30-years war , which ended in 1648 . 
   the iranian revolution infact was primarily caused by western intervention in iran . 
  yeah , and initially , were n't the carious socialist and communist groups more numerous than the clerics ? 
  the islamist simply had more political savvy , no scruples , and possibly an easier time getting support in the less modern parts of iran . 
  the economist had a 15-page brief on the state of the arab nations . 
  sykes-picot was featured heavily and mentioned in it 's own page and about fifteen other places . 
  the point is that sykes-picot never happened as written down in 1916 or 1918 . 
  yes , the general idea had a lot of impact anyway . 
  the hashemites were n't all that strong and were unlikely to dominate the region . 
  if they had a great position , why were n't they more favored ? 
  still , in europe , poland resurfaced at the same time , went on to fight with russia/soviet for ancient territory , became annihilated again , and came back a few hundred kilometers to the west . 
  before that , the ottomans pressured europe from the south-east and managed to set the balkan neighbors against each other for all eternity . 
  still , turkey is n't to blame for the wars in ex yugoslavia . 
  ultimately , classical liberalism is neither about balancing demographics or cheap labor , it 's about having more self-supporting people living together without strife . 
  more or less exactly suecotero 's second paragraph . 
  the economist loves the basic story about the us - a bunch of optimistic immigrants working together and in competition to create the most successful country on earth ( so far ) . 
  * it 's not a conspiracy * . 
  as a economist subscriber , i agree with a lot of what 's said in it , and i 'm just a lowly software engineer . 
  the ideals may not be the most pragmatic for all circumstances , or even naive in the eyes of some , but they are * honest * . 
  what 's outside the box , then ? 
  living off the grid ? 
  the oversimplification is that a billion people in asia has gone from abject poverty to a decent living standard the last 30 years . 
  globally , the last 30 years of growth have benefitted the new middle/upper class in asia the most ( about a billion people have had their standard of living significantly increased ) , and the top earners in the west . 
  distribution of wealth is one of the most important problems facing the world today , but to say that a bigger cake for a billion people is a `` lie '' is myopic . 
  what we can agree on is that you ca n't take the current economic activity and just scale it up 200 % so that everyone can get more stuff . 
  again , the road forward must be towards * other * economic activity . 
  there 's also the model of extracting natural resources and then restore the environment afterwards . 
  especially when it comes to cultivated land , this is possible and happens today . 
  there is evidence that sub-saharan africa is skipping some technological milestones in favor of more advanced technology . 
  energy production , for example , could hopefully leapfrog to solar and wind . 
  there are also billions of dollars invested in the rich world to reduce the carbon print in new technology , advances that can be put into use the developing world . 
  by restricting and taxing the things that hurt the environment ( immediately and/or long-term ) , you make room for everything else that does not . 
  i agree that temporary economic setbacks may be necessary to get rid of the old and bad , but long term this is n't necessary at all . 
  we could safely increase our power consumption by 10-100 times by just harvesting solar energy with the right technology . 
  in the long term . 
  so , when you buy virtual goods from a game , run on a server group that is fed solar power , where 's the damage ? 
  the task is to decouple economic growth from environmental harm , not eliminate it . 
  on the other hand , the global economy is getting complex , with e.g. 
  file sharing providing a significant value to media consumers , but doing little for media creators and nothing for bnp . 
  how would it be a good thing ? 
  sharing a bigger cake makes most people happier . 
  trying to share a smaller cake very often leads to violent conflict . 
  thanks, 
  [ force majeure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/force_majeure_\\ ( film \\ ) ) has a random part where the male protagonist is looking for his wife and running into an after-ski party full of naked british tourist pouring beer over themselves .
