  works better with humans than with frogs . 
  the frogs will try to escape . 
  yeah , if you read up on what people of influence talked about at the time it was nationalist governments who thought `` war will be good for the lads '' on one hand , and many capitalists , philanthropists , and some politicians that organized peace conferences and tried to push for a new era of peace and trade , on the other . 
  a big factor was that the governments of the major powers of europe all saw war as just another option , and not much effort went into preventing it from happening . 
  it 's kind of the opposite now , europe wants peace so much that russia sees a chance to use military force without encountering more than local resistance . 
  stranger things have happened . 
  you would n't believe how many in sweden think that this place is dreary and grey and would flee to a resort if they had the opportunity . 
  beaches ? 
  huh , in swedish `` chef '' is the boss , while a `` kock '' ( cook ) cooks . 
  korean food can be crazy hot as well . 
  you plan to die in battle ? 
  or italian . 
  or french . 
  or that other semi-dead language . 
  did you just compare semi-rotten fish to fully-rotten fish ? 
  otoh , italian carabinieri are scary too . 
  i was in rome at 20 , and that was the first time i had seen assault rifles casually worn in a civilian setting . 
  some hungarians want to claim hunnic heritage - there 's a pretty horrible neighbor . 
  flight of the bumble bee ? 
   this clearly is some sort of soft propaganda for the eu the map is about eu , not europe , after all . 
  3 so far this year , i think . 
  but maybe the recent uptick is just a random bump . 
  it 's not the number of computers , it 's the amount of serious pc gaming , 
  what would need to happen in sweden is that the interest rate would have to go from about 2.2 % to 6 % , or massive unemployment before loans will go bad . 
  my electrical is about $ 30 in a 100 m ^ 2 flat with four people , 
  do n't you start pissing on wood . 
  wood is great . 
  you still have to do a good job constructing the thing and not be too cheap , however . 
  try and see how far # 550/month would last you in london . 
  that 's about half a coffin . 
  and if you can find a second-hand contract ( yes , even that is hard , i know ) , there 's a limit on how much people can charge . 
  but i guess even a smallish 1-roomer would be upwards 4000 sek/month . 
  the real estate crash in sweden in the early 90 's was mostly a commercial real estate crash , however . 
  what 's the rent in central oslo , then ? 
  in sweden , a rental 30 m ^ 2 apartment can be yours for 3500 sek ( less than $ 400 ) a month . 
  in a nice neighborhood with a pretty high standard . 
  sweden has had quite a few killings too recently . 
  about ten the last three years . 
  this is quite a lot , considering we have less than 100 homicides per year . 
  at first hesitant about rooting for putin , but very much on the `` new government in ukraine are nazists '' - train . 
  but when i looked deeper , not even the left is pro russia . 
  they think the new goevernment in kiev is neoliberal , which seems close to the truth , but that russia 's involvement is 100 % about geopolitical gain . 
  but mostly the topic is ignored . 
  what do you mean by `` lesser place '' ? 
  some would have the option to rent out a room or two , but others would have to move to a cheaper area , yes . 
  the result is inflated real estate prices . 
  a 20-25 m ^ 2 one room flat in central stockholm runs at about 2 million sek , or $ 220,000 . 
  people move , then they have to repay the loans !, 
  the average loan on an apartment is still paid back within 5 - 10 years , since people have moved by then . 
  on houses , i think the repayment schedule is more strict . 
  but as far as i checked , up to 70 % of the price , you can still go installment free for as long as you want to . 
  they are not calling you a cunt . 
  they meant that the police do n't have to be a cunt about it . 
  in sweden it 's easy to increase the rent if you renovate . 
  new kitchen ? 
  that 's + $ 100 . 
  refurbished bathroom ? 
  another + $ 100 , and so on.there 's a checklist and the target rent is changed every year . 
  we 've had < 5 % interest rates on real estate for about 20 years . 
  nowadays the rates are about 2 % . 
  if the rent is paid for by companies . 
  i could n't write as consistently as i wanted , so i probably fucked it up . 
  because of history , the far right of sweden is very anti-russia . 
  the parliamentary far right is more inward looking nationalist , so they probably think sanctions are bad , since solidarity with other nations is a waste of resources in their opinion . 
  the problem is that this leads to punitive taxes to people with low income who live in attractive areas . 
  they 'll be forced to sell off or rent out some of their property . 
  this is not sci-fi in sweden , many take out loans for hundred of thousands of euro for apartment and have no mandatory installments . 
  the small installments i do on my mortgage are voluntary . 
  you 're wrong actually . 
  not paying off the loan on a schedule has been the norm in sweden the last 15 years . 
  most people * voluntarily * pay off some amount every month , but few have it on a set schedule , such as `` 20 years '' or `` 50 years '' . 
  my parents paid off their mortgage at 65 , that 's considered more than prudent . 
  mandatory installments are being considered as a new law , but the banks do n't want it . 
  the major piece of new legislation is that you ca n't use more than 85 % of the price of the estate as security . 
  recently banks are very serious about your income , however . 
  otoh , the rent is n't free at all in sweden . 
  it 's regulated . 
  it 's still possible to make a profit . 
  if your tenants are n't individuals , the rent is free , though . 
  because they probably have the same system as sweden : you live in a normal apartment and pay full rent . 
  however , if you 're poor , you can get rent-reimbursement . 
  basically , the rent subsidy is paid to your wallet/account instead of to the landlord . 
  i 'd argue that the serbian nationalist plot behind the killing of ferdinand was quite instrumental to the start of wwi , and russian support of serbia did make the officials bolder at the time . 
  of course , austria and germany were n't exactly innocent either . 
  in sweden , that day was called `` menl\u00f6sa barns dag '' . 
  in modern swedish , that more or less means `` the day of the pointless children '' , when it used to mean `` the day of the * innocent * children '', 
  paternalistic ! = leftwing , even if the results * sometimes * look similar . 
  fascism is n't left-or-right when it comes to policies , it 's paternalistic . 
  the government should a strong guiding hand , taking care of the flock . 
  sometimes , this looks like socialist policies , but it is n't . 
  in fascism , it is n't interesting what people want , besides which out-group is more convenient to lay blame on . 
  social policy is a matter of what the state wants people to have . 
  no to wahhabist/salafist money . 
  just as all swedish priests study at university , swedish mullahs should too . 
  at least you beat denmark , 
  i think that 's a minor point that can be ignored without losing much information . 
  there are a few small nazi-parties in sweden , sd is not one of them . 
  not to forget white swedes who are about to miss their tennis game because of elbow pain . 
  why are people calling it `` clay '' ? 
  should n't it be `` dirt '' ?
