  the abolitionist movement arose together with the first large-scale machinery in the 18th century , but that did n't make slavery unprofitable right away . 
  if you are under no threat and not competing for resources it becomes a moral question . 
  the issue with colonialism was that there was competition * among peers * to exploit military weaker societies and people . 
  slavery was not ended because the slaves organized and declared a sovereign state a la israel . 
  it was mostly because it is morally reprehensible . 
  this does n't mean that white guilt solves any problems . 
  the general implication is that is the duty of those with resources to help those without . 
  i do think the costs and outcomes of such help needs to be watched carefully , however . 
  perverse incentives to migrate to richer countries need to be avoided , and so on . 
  you mean as in `` if the us invades mexico and steal all their stuff , it 's mexico 's fault for not defending themselves '' ? 
  18th/19th europe/america had a technological and organizational advantage that much of the rest of the world had little means of defending themselves against . 
  france and sweden ( and more ? ), 
  fails to employ immigrants , for several reasons . 
  i thought we had an agreement here that it 's impossible to be middle-class , well-adjusted and muslim . 
  often a circular argument : `` we should be proud of our achievements . 
  we are better than others . 
  look how the poor countries in africa are such failures . 
  ( ( big omission on colonial exploitation and a lack of natural borders ) ) '', 
  yeah , those who do n't care if their sparring partner ( s ) volunteered for the fight or not . 
  failure to integrate is n't exclusive to muslims , either . 
  `` resisting integration '' is only a small part of the problem . 
  immigrant parents who fail to find jobs and provide for themselves have their self-respect and pride eroded over time . 
  this can lead to becoming disillusioned and giving up , or seeking identity and meaning by embracing the past . 
  parents that feel that they have failed also have difficulty being authoritative and leading by example . 
  this then creates a generation that looks for pride and community in gangs . 
  in some areas , there 's a distinct lack of pro-social alternatives within their cultural context . 
  you get the `` black ghetto mentality '' problem . 
  no , some people love to brawl and kick ass , and will look for the flimsiest excuse to do so . 
  act normal . 
  this is the soviet way . 
  i doubt they are interested in the context . 
  they regularly attacks police in the area . 
  i figure they do it to mark the neighborhood as * theirs * . 
  no , apparently some claim it 's a weakened version of `` attan '' ( eighteen ) that 's `` odin 's bad number '' . 
  `` attans ! '', 
  and `` attans osis ! '', 
  are still in use , but hardly seen as curses any more . 
  * `` fy sjutton ! '', 
  - go to the pipe bend, 
  people are more afraid of patterns than individual , crazy acts . 
  now , there is general discourse , especially in alternative media and forums , that muslims are dangerous and muslim terrorism is the greatest threat ever in modern europe . 
  that 's the pattern . 
  the individual acts then confirm the pattern . 
  in this context , many perceive attacks such as that by breivik as patternless and ultimately harmless , while loud firecrackers in an immigrant neighborhood as confirmation of muslim terrorism . 
  it 's helpful that apart from maybe parts of the baltics , nearly all ee i 've interacted with distrust both the state and other people to higher degree than most western people . 
  do n't forget a general distrust of all institutions and other people . 
  a cultural divide i see between myself and many eastern europeans is that ee tend to trust nothing . 
  i think this distrust leads to vigilance . 
  and vigilantism leads to being at constant war with every institution ( tax office , social services , health care , school , etc ) and also other people . 
  as distrust goes up , it eventually becomes impossible to build a good society . 
  why did ee think better of the west before ? 
  because we were n't in the same sphere , you did n't have to trust us . 
  now that we are trying to work together , and have disagreements , trust is needed . 
  but ee have seen so many lies that they do n't trust any more . 
  and so it becomes harder to build things together . 
  barismancoismydad is being disingenuous . 
  sweden was for the longest time pro eu expansion . 
  nearly all the parties were for it , even those that were skeptical of the eu . 
  the voters were either for it , somewhat for it , or not that interested at all . 
  we had a debate on social tourism about ten years ago . 
  the prime minister of sweden at the time , g\u00f6ran persson , expressed worry about `` social tourism '' . 
  a range of opinions were expressed , but in the end nothing happen . 
  and social tourism did n't happen until about 2012-2013 when roma started to pop up everywhere across the country . 
   at least we are more honest , even if it makes us xenophobic honesty = = xenophobia there you have it , the fucking trope that permeates so much of the discussion . 
  that 's your preconception . 
  the swedish police force has always given me the impression that they are very centrist . 
  in the past , that usually implied the right-leaning part of the social democratic party . 
  yep , they know it , they just think it 's utterly impossible to do anything about . 
  you either have a strong and corrupt leader , or a weak and corrupt leader . 
  stealing from the state is a-ok as long as you get some things done , and you leave some leftovers to the public . 
  also , every other country is just as bad . 
   do n't think for a second that the one working in a small shop selling kebabs for a cheap price earns the minimum tariff . 
  they are likely self-employed and not paying themselves a lot of salary , no . 
  i think the new suggestion to allow small companies that net less than 250k sek to only pay a flat 25 % tax is pretty good . 
  as long as that allows , proportionally , some sgi , pension , etc , as a carrot . 
  ... and all i 'm hearing from pis supporters is `` this is better for poland '' , `` opposition politicians/journalists/judges are traitors '' and `` po did the same !!, 
  some sectors that are dominated by china today are located there because of the unparalleled large-scale logistics . 
  salaries are only one part of that machinery . 
  except that you can afford electronics , and other stuff that costs about the same everywhere . 
  and if you go on a vacation to a significantly cheaper place , you 'll feel affluent even as a mcdonald 's employee . 
  thanks, 
  but is that a fully legal , taxed salary ? 
  in what field of work ? 
  any unionized job will net you $ 2000 ( or possibly $ 1800 ) or more full time . 
  even at mcdonalds you will get about $ 1800 if you 're 19 + and manage to get 160 hours a month . 
  effectively , the minimum wage for someone with a full-time legal job in sweden is about $ 2k . 
  nuclear is forced to take on a lot of long.term costs like no other industry . 
  [ krav ] ( http://www.krav.se/krav-standards ) is pretty strict in sweden . 
  this is where i get my eggs from : http://media.alsboagg.se/2013/12/gh2.jpg, 
  misleading . 
  the play will air , but without the n-word . 
  the decision is based on political correctness , however . 
  the argument is that the n-word works in context , but since it 's a national broadcast , many will hear it without context . 
  no , my main point is that `` modern feminists '' did not write the irish law . 
  it was '' `` no-sex-before-marriage '' guys . 
  yes - if two 14-year-olds have sex , it 's not rape - even if neither one of them is legal age . 
  will not happen in the nordics or the netherlands , so i do n't think `` modern '' is fitting . 
  after we 've joined the eu , our laws have become slightly more conservative/traditional in this regard . 
  yeah , the west put all those egyptians on the tahrir square . 
  also , the cia did the french revolution .
