  the term includes everyone who was travelling abroad , or even involved in the business at home . 
  birka is called the `` viking city '' . 
  so it came to symbolize the whole period . 
  you 'd sat that it was `` the vikings '' who raised runestones all over the country , for example . 
  the average swede is bad at public speaking . 
  we are open-minded about * some * things . 
  ditto for sweden !, 
  it had some truth in it in 1970 . 
  one of his arguments for not going to sweden was `` i 'm too important to wikileaks to be left without means of communication for even a few days '' . 
  seriously . 
  the guy must have an ego the size of a small mountaintop . 
   ukraine does n't have a strong national identity . 
  most people just want the war to end somehow and military age men are trying to avoid ending up on the frontline in any possible way this is less true now , however . 
  port-language ? 
  german is easy because you can actually decode 40 % of the vocabulary directly into swedish . 
  zeitung < -  tidning is one example . 
  good point !, 
  it is , once you get to the intermediate level . 
  german has der/die/das , declinations and conjugations that you have to learn upfront . 
  these are almost all obsoleted in swedish . 
  that 's the rub , german is easier for swedes after the first hurdle of grammar . 
  but languages that make you pay upfront have a hard time . 
  also , the `` spanish = easy , german = hard '' meme is strong . 
  swedes also have the idea that spanish = easy and german = hard . 
  it 's a shame really , spanish is n't all that useful for the majority of swedes . 
  meanwhile , being able to understand some german has been relevant to me while in , e.g. 
  yeah , i wonder how many % pis need to admit that poland is making progress , * sigh * . 
  the problem in iceland is friendship corruption - the country is small enough that cops may not have the resources or political guts to act against anyone at the best time . 
  yup , 3 years in sweden as well . 
  * m ` narrative *, 
  yeah , that used to be enshrined as a hard rule . 
  nowadays it 's not true anymore , but people still say `` 40/60/80 is not a * real * speed limit '' . 
  fewer complain about 100 and 120 . 
  as i understand it , symbian was powerful for mobile phone related stuff , but horrible as a generic os, 
  yeah , qt is usable , but symbian of 2005 was n't a good smartphone platform, 
  it was bad in 2002 too , but people had lower expectations . 
  symbian released and open to the public would n't have gone anywhere , you needed 2-3 professionals just to setup the toolchain . 
  symbian was shit , though , writing software for it sucked . 
  although i understand your point , i have another suspicion : that the plot of kabuki plays once made sense , and refer to things the audience could relate to , but that this connection became lost over time . 
  the other development , which i guess opera and kabuki shares , is that plot and artistic expression became married at a point , so that expectations on what opera - and kabuki - are became solidified . 
  you do n't go to an opera for the plot . 
  likewise for kabuki . 
  what the elders are suggesting is n't that the girl should suspend her disbelief , but to ignore the plot all together , and watch the actor 's expression on the stage . 
  humor existed in the 80 's , absolutely !, 
  black adder was brilliant too . 
  yes , i meant those , and they were not as good . 
  got has several layers of plots , and manages to build up several situations were the outcomes are uncertain and the morals of those involved are put to test . 
  i 'd dare to claim that the characters were not as complex either . 
  got has subplots that pits one moral grey against another ( high sparrow vs cersei vs margaery ) and still make it engaging television . 
  i saw twin peaks when it originally aired . 
  it 's not really a 80 's show ( airing 90-91 ) . 
  a 80 's show i remember with fondness is ** v ** , however . 
  i have no issue with placing got next to the wire . 
  some got episodes has subpar plot , character development , and writing . 
  but some the wire episodes had an excessive focus on jimmy mcnulty getting drunk , fucking up , and having failed relationships . 
  name one 80 's show that is as complex and well-produced as got !, 
  i would happily add mr robot to my list , though, 
  i would n't hold up scifi as a good example . 
  scifi has been the victim of exploitation . 
  what i 'm thinking of is : * game of thrones * the wire * breaking bad * * the * sopranos * the bridge * borgen * true detective and so on . 
  plots that develop over a number of episodes in an interesting way are now more common , i 'd argue . 
  yes !, 
  in `` and then '' , natsume soseki describes how a teenage girl in a rich family goes to a kabuki play . 
  she asks her mother and uncle why the actor is drinking sake from a bathtub . 
  her elders chide her for asking the wrong questions , of course the plot of a kabuki play makes no sense !, 
  recently , tv shows have had a real bump in quality . 
  the 80 's has nothing on the 00 's and 10 's when it comes to high-quality drama & action . 
  what was the religion of the german guy who pulled off the worst murder-suicide in post-ww2 german history ? 
  i think the guy is almost forgotten by now . 
  he did n't fit a narrative that pushed people 's buttons . 
  hrc is the most investigated american politicians in modern history , basically . 
  the treason allegations are completely overblown . 
  with so many prominent republicans spending years investigating her , they ought to have found something to prosecute her for by now , do n't you think ? 
  the benghazi incident has seen more investigation than 9/11 !, 
  they 'd be goaded into it by poland et al. 
  a lackluster response in the baltics would be a lackluster response further west . 
  the baltic countries joined because they wanted to and fulfilled membership criteria . 
  nato does n't want new members as much as there are countries that want nato . 
  how is this so hard to understand ? 
  otoh , prices are still about 50 % , at least when it comes to food . 
  the dutch ? 
  that was probably back in the 17th century , when city life in europe was shit , and country life involved fasting . 
  nope , i 'm def not alt-left, 
  i do n't think you 're applying the labels in a helpful way . 
  western germany wa set up to be 1 . 
  pacifist 2 . 
  a successful part of the western economic system 3 . 
  a stable democracy globalist * values * are more of a coincidence . 
  ~ ~ i think op 's title is bad . 
  what the article does well is talking about globalism . ~ ~ thing is , i 'm a natural globalist in sweden ( i supported the general idea already as a teenager , without external pressure ) . 
  but even i think immigration has limits , especially if sweden is going to preserve its progressive , * globalist * society . 
  it 's the contradiction of tolerance all over again . 
  so people like me need to keep ideal and reality apart . 
  which is kind of taboo , at times . 
  the worst conundrum in sweden and other progressive countries is that if you want to keep immigration at reasonable levels , you have to ally with the anti-progressive right . 
  what does ? 
  yes , my personal opinion of him is that he 's a megalomaniac that thinks he personally know what 's best for turkey , but that he does n't want to turn turkey into saudi arabia . 
  these days it 's hard to get people to remember , for example , that assad never was a good guy to begin with . 
  criticism and assumptions are two different things . 
  assuming that every incident of someone killing another person in a public place is islamic terrorism is not criticism .
