  people came to europe from colonies or former colonies . 
  tents with heating . 
  we 've had about a few hundred thousand man-years of experience with them when we had a conscription army . 
  assuming we 'd leave someone to freeze to death . 
  even the tents we have prepared will keep room temperature . 
  in contrasts , local refugee camps in and near syria have no heating in the winter , and even decent blankets are often lacking . 
  numeric caps would not have worked after ww2 , that would have been a catastrophy rivalling the war itself . 
  but the situation is different now , and i agree that the european societies need to be able to limit the number of asylum seekers per year to somewhere below 1 % of the population . 
  the process needs to be made a lot clearer , and without easily exploitable loopholes . 
  it is as if europe has asylum laws written before the current crisis . 
  190k is the upper limit of the expected number . 
  it 's still a mild autumn , i doubt people will come here in the same numbers once it gets cold . 
  we 've been asking other eu countries to step up for two years now . 
  it 's a situation of `` if no-one else steps up , we will '' . 
  it 's kind of the opposite of hypocrisy , since other countries can tell themselves that they 're not doing any harm by closing their borders , the refugees can go to sweden instead . 
  turkey and syria can get freezing in the winter , actually . 
  refugees are more likely to die from cold there than in sweden . 
  80k and 160k is not the same . 
  80k asylum seekers would not have been a record , 160k is a record by far . 
  we can feed a million extra people for years . 
  it 's the long-term problems that is the issue here . 
  at the current rate , asylum seekers will be caught in legal limbo for years , and the incentives to stick to the system and not try to work around it ( illegally ) will more or less disappear . 
  it is as if europe consists of more than one country !, 
  none of your statements is legally possible . 
  it 's quite possible , otoh , that negotiations with the opposition will lead to increased border controls and deny more asylum seekers entry if they have no chance of getting asylum . 
  so it 's wrong to point out that many other * recent * fires have taken place out of reach of asylum seekers ? 
  you do n't need a criminal investigation to understand that these buildings are completely unknown to foreigners . 
  it helps to look at the broader picture . 
  it 's not like all fires are discussed in / r/europe . 
  and when it is , it 's ok , because `` the political majority just wo n't listen '' . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs . 
  plenty of arsonist apologists in this thread , though . 
  they know there is n't any housing !, 
  we 're preparing to set up tents at the moment . 
  the only people who have anything to gain are those who are against immigration . 
  several houses * prepared * for asylum seekers have been burnt down before anyone even came there . 
  i suppose the asylum seekers did that too ? 
  edit : yes , this instance is not such a case . 
  three other cases of arson * this october * have been directed at planned housing , however . 
  they 're right there in / u/spastikk 's link, 
  the sad thing is that someone thinks it 's a good idea to set houses on fire . 
  i do n't think it 's weird . 
  `` down '' would be wrong . 
  i think this is the most official apology anyone will get . 
  thank you . 
  iraq had wmd when they gassed [ halabja ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-anfal_campaign ) . 
  the russian-supported rebels had shot down aircraft before , not at that height , but at several thousand meters . 
  no , and you should know , because homosexuality is n't exactly welcome in ukraine either . 
  it 's a part of individual expression that has n't become acceptable yet . 
  what the russian state and church has done was simply to reinforce existing anti-homosexual ideas . 
  i 've worked with muslims , no problem . 
  that 's what the first question is about , anyway . 
  marriage would be another thing , having my daughter marry a strict muslim guy would be a lot more complicated . 
  why would you be uncomfortable working with a muslim ? 
  we do n't grant asylum to economic migrants . 
  unless you define any and all who made it to sweden as economic migrants , as some do . 
  tent camps is n't going to look attractive , though . 
  once you have several plants , yes . 
  good point . 
  although i 've read that us major butchers has a high turnover of minimum wage workers , many of which are immigrants . 
  unless the plant runs into problems . 
  it 's a 60 % of the time , it works all the time situation . 
  and i 'm generally pro-nuclear power . 
  i was there recently with my dinosaur colleagues . 
  the complained that it was ugly and `` just for show '' . 
  it certainly is !, 
  if us farming had to pay $ 10/hour + benefits for basic labor , the industry would be quite different . 
  the us has an entire agricultural industry based on illegal immigrants providing cheap labor . 
  one of my friends was beaten for a bit in high school , because he was large and not violent . 
  it happens . 
  and the guy was practically irish - and attacked for his height , the article claims . 
  russian nationality was not necessarily a factor . 
  in sweden we do hear about him . 
  the republican primaries are covered quite well . 
  and we do hear about hillary c. not much has been said about sanders , though . 
  i think we should deport all people with a preference for intolerance , violence and strong leaders . 
  who exactly is trying to have a nuanced debate on this ? 
  he 's a `` no-alternative '' president . 
  he came to power in an unopposed referendum . 
  i dislike tukrey 's erdogan , but he has plenty more democratic legitimacy than assad , a guy that tortures and kills his political opposition . 
  quotes globalresearch ... 
  that 's a petty argument !, 
  what you saw in 2010 was a small top . 
  [ birthrate has been around 1.9 the last 10-15 years ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.tfrt.in/countries/se?display=graph ) . 
  child abduction in the nordics is a common misconception some russians ( and belorussians , ukrainians ) have about nordic cps . 
  exaggerated stories about lgbt families and so on are also very popular . 
  you know this . 
  you probably even understand how cps works in western europe . 
  many russians do not understand cps , and this is where the conflict originates . 
  you do n't see how this fits the russian narrative ? 
  the russian government do not want kids who are placed in orphanages to be subject to international adoption , partly because it will look bad . 
  these kids are typically not offered a chance at a good life in russia . 
   that 's still a rather low birth rate , and in both sweden and finland there 's a negative dynamic . 
  it 's ok from a european perspective and not getting worse . 
  every time the cps does their job in a nordic country , it 's labeled child abduction in russia . 
  i 've heard it plenty before . 
  my wife read this in some forums , it 's a popular misconception in ukraine and russia . 
  in sweden , we are more worried when cries for help are ignored for years and children are left with parents that end up murdering them . 
  you are wrong : http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/en-har-gripits-for-joggingmordet/ but do n't let get facts get in the way !, 
  [ fish in bread ] ( http://www.dlc.fi/~marianna/gourmet/pic/fishloaf.jpg ) .
