  pacifist for an hour talking about their perspective for an hour without quitting or becoming aggressive ? 
  i know , if you want to prove that immigrants from a majority muslim country are evil , hearsay is enough . 
  3/22 is n't statistically significant . 
  it could be an extreme outlier . 
  if 3/22 were to be used in any study posted in r/science , it would be shot to death in an hour in the comment section . 
  only reports on that the participants were not hostile to the idea . 
  there 's not enough data yet to say anything clear yet . 
  sexual education for immigrants is a hot topic in the nordics , yes . 
  it 's being done in small scale , results seem encouraging . 
  populism is essentially concentrating on policy that can be reduced to slogans . 
  technocracy is the opposite : `` we ca n't condense what we want to do into a single sentence , but we are confident in the outcome , because we really thought this through '' . 
  the posh bars will charge 60-80 sek , other places may be much cheaper, 
  i can promise you that the song-writing professionals ( many swedes in eurovision ) look like schmucks and rarely have charisma , because i 've seen them . 
   i was listening to bulgaria 's song and the first thing i thought was that i can make this using fl studio in an hour . 
  then you should do this as a profession and earn good money . 
  belarusia brought some variation , do n't you think ? 
  it seems in this context , leaked and reported were used interchangeably . 
  so no , journalists were not attacked . 
  yeah , that 's not how anything of this works . 
  firebombings were absolutely known to cause an excessive number of civilian deaths . 
  the parallels are striking . 
  freedom usually thrives away from controversy . 
  neoliberalism has a whole different meaning in sweden , close to libertarianism . 
  huh ? 
  macron came out of the socialist party , did n't he ? 
  so he 's not leading france back to the 70 's , but also is n't going to slash the state with a machete . 
  macron is a good candidate , though . 
  le pen could have faced someone with a lot less energy . 
  hollande , for example . 
  `` efforts to significantly influence '' is more apt . 
  i know po have done similar things , but it seems the purge of the opposition from all state media was quite significant . 
  ( in comparison , it 's completely taboo to make political media reorganisations in sweden ), 
  this is n't the case at all . 
  the current polish government is in conflict with the eu over very shade constitutional changes , their efforts to control the media and even the polish president of the european council ( donald tusk ) . 
  they do n't have any direct agenda to leave the eu , but are against cooperative efforts that do n't benefit them from day one . 
  occupation also means `` job '' or `` studies '' . 
  i would say indiscriminate de-baathification and armed men with nothing to do amplified the problem by an order of magnitude . 
  once a conflict starts and the state loses control , war has its own logic . 
  suddenly a lot of people who would have preferred to stay out of the conflict are forced to take sides . 
  the war in iraq was really the thing that made bush unpopular in europe ( apart from the uk , who have blair to shoot at ) . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  `` le pen '' in this case is a brand , built by her father . 
  indira gandhi also carried a family legacy . 
  thatcher , in contrast , built her own claim to fame . 
  she was also known to combat other women in her party , in order to be seen as an exemption . 
  she 's more a le pen than a woman . 
  this has happened elsewhere , such as when india had indira gandhi as prime minister . 
  yup , and the national lead actually held . 
  so there was no new law that suddenly made the ceus financing model illegal ? 
  orban wants to get rid of ceu . 
  the ceu is an intellectual center for those who oppose orban 's ideas , mostly because those ideas are combatted everywhere else . 
  oh , i 'm sure you 're about 1 % as informed as i am on the topic . 
  basically , the idea has been around about as along in sweden as elsewhere , but since there are uncertainties involved , swedish doctors came out against it . 
  the government at the time then did n't push , because this was still just a few thousand people per year . 
  then it increased , and the problem became obvious . 
  but the issue still stalled in investigation of the best methods for 1-2 years . 
  now , we have decided on two complementary methods of age determination that are slowly being rolled out . 
  but yes , there certainly has been a period where thousands of obviously adult people have claimed being minors because of the obvious advantages . 
  since some time , these advantages have been partially cut too . 
  you can be granted a temporary asylum that will cease to be valid when you turn 18 , after which you are to return . 
  but they were released after a year , were n't they ? 
  guy is a moron . 
  solve everything or let people drown at your shore are the only two valid options . 
  this has always been the case in sweden , and is one reason the time to get your asylum case vetted is 12-18 months now . 
  we even had a famous case from north korea with different language consultants disagreeing on whether one guy truly was north korean . 
  here age testing was controversial . 
  one swedish journalist has been holed up there for almost 15 years now , detained on unclear chargers . 
  hopefully , they 'll go the japanese shinto route , with inclusive and fun rituals, 
  leftists always say something , there are millions of them . 
  i live outside of stockholm , and i 'm still in the red region . 
  i 'm planning on contributing too . 
  there was a famous case in sweden , a malaysian couple were hitting their children with their hands and sometimes with tools . 
  they witnessed about this to the swedish police , and both parents were sentenced to about a year in prison . 
  people in malaysia were upset , because hitting your children with a rod is considered normal . 
  i know a career lawyer in ukraine . 
  public salary is shit -  corruption pays for living decently in the capital . 
  yes , but ghettos tend to be self-reinforcing . 
  somalian immigrants dominate in the town i live in . 
  none !, 
  just a hunch about `` african and middle eastern '' immigrants . 
  we have a sizable group of somalians here , and i 'm pretty sure 95 % + are refugees from the civil war . 
  thanks for the facts . 
  nope , but international * press * picked up on it . 
  sure , we our share of cave-dwellers too . 
  it was n't distributed in the american south . 
  over a picture in a toy catalogue ? 
  people need to get a grip . 
  we ranked within a statistical error , sorry . 
  what happened was that the last 50 years the swedish school system has been reorganized ten times and changed from being a responsibility of the state to a responsibility of the municipalities . 
  in the same time frame , my impression is that the finnish school system has changed less and more deliberately . 
  also , teachers have been taking a lot of flak the last 40 years , which finally has turned it into a profession free of prestige . 
  today , it 's piss-easy to get an education degree , and the biggest hurdle is getting over your pride and ambitions and nod your head when the former kindergarten-teacher-made-headmaster asks you to teach stuff you did n't study . 
  this is like a rule of the internet : given a newspaper comment section , the plain stupid , outright wrong and totally irrelevant will overshadow any and all real commentary . 
  it 's a rare occurrence when a dane can point fingers at other people 's `` horribly sounding language '' ... 
  in sweden , the iranians do pretty well , in my experience . 
  people get so angry over the smallest things . 
  a toy maker had a catalogue with girls and boys playing with dolls , and suddenly there 's an international outrage . 
  i do think it is a problem that boys suffer academically ( this , i think , has advanced the most in the uk ) , and that more of `` boys play '' should be encouraged at young ages . 
  the boys play should n't strictly be for boys , though . 
  it 's 95 % asylum seekers and their families , maybe up to 5 % come for work .
