  i do n't have to say ` enough ' . 
  we do have to denounce the rhetoric erdogan uses , because it is toxic . 
  adopting it and calling turks aggressive subhumans is the ultimate stupidity . 
  it 's fairly easy to preach hate . 
  in russia , it took putin about five years to paint eu countries and the us as enemies again , after a 20 year long gradual improvement of relations . 
  now most russians believe in it . 
  they have been fooled , but their whole reality and society makes more sense if they believe that nato is preparing to invade . 
  when our neighbours fall , we will suffer consequences too . 
  when peaceful neighbours prosper , we prosper too . 
  meddling is dangerous , but so is isolationism . 
  saying `` fuck off '' to millions of people and not only their leaders , sends them into the hands of leaders and nations that do n't share our values , goals and interests . 
  i agree that it 's a problem that erdogan 's statements about europe have been left alone for the last decade . 
  he 's trying to drum up a distance between turks and westerners for his own profit, 
  he does n't have that power , but if it leads to clashes involving turks in europe , i 'm sure he 'll use it . 
  maybe . 
  erdogan is massive tool to work with , so we 'll see how far he goes . 
  crap !, 
  now i soiled my pants . 
  see you in court !, 
  he has n't exactly * done * much , however . 
  this is a perfect time to show `` concern about erdogan 's rhetoric '' . 
  this is n't a threat , because you have no credible way of backing it up . 
  it 's the same in the court of law , in most countries . 
  it 's not legally the same if a mafia member says `` watch your back '' as when a tired mother-of-three says it . 
  it 's the nature of our union and goals to play the long game . 
  do n't make haste when haste leads astray , basically . 
  they were n't dictated to news agencies , but shouted at rallies . 
  this statement seemed to have been aimed directly to europe . 
  europeans are a threat . 
  look how hostile they become now that i insult them and call them evil demi-humans : only i , erdogan , can save turkey . 
  these words were said to provoke hostility . 
  we should respond with reassuring our values and respond that we think his accusations are completely out of proportion , a disturbing attempt at provoking a foreign reaction useful to him in turkey . 
  this time the statement was largely ignored in turkey , and mostly a bait to get europeans hostile . 
  hostile people are easier to portray as enemies . 
  exactly , well written . 
  russian geopolitics leads to worse outcomes for all , on average , except a bunch of very powerful people in russia . 
  this is also the main reason russia opposes universal values , human rights , freedom of individual expression , etc - it makes ruthless power games more difficult . 
  meanwhile , the us foreign policy has huge flaws , but as long as we share the same universal values , our interests are more aligned than not . 
  point me to a troll factory with 400 full-time employees . 
  i mostly agree . 
  but it 's disingenuous to say that we 've blocked the borders , we still take in many more asylum seekers than denmark . 
  european leftists are often in the camp `` let 's pretend russia is a country like all others , except misunderstood '' . 
  it has n't been ignored by the mainstream press, 
   us and uk employ massive armies of online trolls show me one western troll factory of the type russia has in st petersburg . 
  kremlin is ruled by an elite who will take rational decision based on geopolitics and russian strategic advantage . 
  nothing else . 
  it 's not intentionally evil , it 's evil in that no means or methods are disregarded on moral grounds . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  basically , sweden had to shut the door for paperless asylum seekers when it became clear that we were on our own with germany ( and austria , to some extent ) . 
   and in what light it 's reported to us is almost just as important . 
  ` womd in iraq ' is a good example . 
  you conveniently forget that this mass media bubble only existed in the us . 
  there were large protests , the largest since the vietnam war , against the invasion of iraq in several european countries . 
  the us response was `` freedom fries '' among other things . 
  9/11 happened and * american * media got played . 
  lol , in soviet your direct neighbour 's starving children were not a plain fact , but anti-communist propaganda . 
  in the west , lies are typically of the type `` oh , we conveniently hid the 10 % fee in small writing '' . 
  huh ? 
  are you trying to conflate pro-eu and pro-russia standpoints ? 
  those are far often than not opposed . 
  and le pen is the most russia-friendly candidate . 
   establishment since they rely so heavily on access journalism . 
  this is not all that true outside of the us . 
  there is media bias , yes , but it 's usually on the side of criticising the government . 
  yeah , but it 's also so low , because people of sub-saharan origin are the only significant outlier , and they are not a very large group, 
  poor harvests too !, 
  the height of the roman empire coincided with an excellent climate in its heartlands, 
  two seconds ago they were all muslims ?? 
  now i 'm confused . 
  anyway . 
  the differences are not that large , apart from immigrants from africa south of sahara . 
  those immigrants have about 3 children per woman at the moment . 
  regression towards the mean is also firmly established . 
  this has been studied and yes , foreign born have more children , but not that many more . 
  non-muslim immigrants also have slightly more children than natives , but that is probably selection bias . 
  if you move to another country for work or love , odds are you are slightly fitter than average . 
  consider south korean propaganda against north korea : a constant stream of truths , some trivial , some more politically loaded . 
  the hbo series taboo . 
  it 's pretty great , it features themes of colonies and foreign trade , but revolves around the us , the british crown , the east india company and private enterprise operating on both sides of the law . 
  but no swedish colonies are part of the story , even though it features a finnish-swedish director, 
  west germany 's most immediate next-door threat vanished , the warsaw pact was dissolved , and the german economy increased as east germany was included . 
  gotland was ( edit : semi - ) independent until the hansa took it . 
  at the beginning of the 17th century , sweden was a bit better at funnelling state resources into the war machine . 
  that , and the weakness of the small german states ( and hre ) , made sweden a major power in the 17th century . 
  we had nobility during this period , but it was n't as powerful and divisive as in other european empires . 
  the nobility ruled for much of the 18th century , however . 
  northern scandinavia was still a colonisation effort at the time . 
  sami lands occupied by norwegians , swedes , finns and to some extent russians . 
  on the other hand , the 30 years war was a culmination of many trends of european politics , while the escapades in poland had much less political meaning . 
  as i understand it , the motive was more to sustain a large swedish standing army , by plundering the polish heartland . 
  landsknechts are hell of an occupying force . 
  basically , the banners they fought under often could n't pay them in full , so they got permission to plunder and rape instead . 
  the plan was to russificate finland , but it did n't start until the late 19th century , and one problem was that finland in some ways was more free and modern than russia . 
  in the end , it only served to strengthen the call for independence . 
  yeah , all we got was taboo :|, 
  the rebel states are 90 % integrated with russia now, 
  include both , then . 
  exactly . 
  then the soviet threat disappeared, 
  there was some bad press on what went down in georgia , but there were no sanctions and a general `` meh '' from other major powers .
