  yup , college demographic was his support base , even though he did listen to the rust belt voters better than clinton . 
  formally a democracy . 
  the russian establishment have n't seriously messed with the constitution or given of the pretense of an election . 
  it could be used against them under certain circumstances . 
  putin can then send some info on e.g. 
  estonia is a `` bad member of nato '' , then invade while there 's no american leadership . 
  sure , not roll in the tanks , but hybrid warfare shit . 
  well , i 'm a centrist , and resentment is not what drives my vote . 
  i agree !, 
  but the general resentment towards a changing society is very real in the rural states . 
  clinton did not reach those voters at all . 
  the resentment is a part of it : trump 's voters hate the elite , because the elite will say they know better with a straight face . 
  does n't matter if it 's true . 
  not college educated white women , however . 
  but for those without , i guess trump did grab them by the pussy . 
  ... yeah the clinton corruption scandal ( s ) has always been a `` where there 's smoke , there 's fire '' sort of thing . 
  always pointing at slightly shady stuff , never a real scandal . 
  yes , this shit and things like trump talking about vote rigging and not accepting defeat . 
  germany went through a long period of atonement . 
  did the daily mail ? 
  murdoch, 
  brussels does n't listen to murdoch . 
  she 's on trial for having banned books in the library , not the other way around . 
  more popular than facebook , yes . 
  same in ukraine , actually . 
  dairy costs the same as in sweden and is of worse quality . 
  then again a lot of people buy directly from farmers ( with large variations in quality from place to place ) . 
  that link is still ridiculous . 
  it 's as if the commercial for a supermarket chain would become a trending show with its own following , with people becoming upset when the actors quit and move on . 
  berlusconi actively worked to mold italian law to suit his needs . 
  he thought the judiciary was in a conspiracy against him . 
  trump has a similar record , suing everyone for the smallest slight , and believing a supreme court judge is out to personally get him . 
  belarus is being propped up by russia . 
  the bureaucracy is probably better run than the ukrainian , but their economy is based on refining oil products they buy well below market price from russia . 
  yeah , the track record with trump and berlusconi is great . 
  both are raging narcissists , and what they have in common with the average joe is only their locker room talk . 
  going from one of the most integrated members of a large trade & economic union to a non-member would n't change much ? 
  britain spent the last 40 years opting out of many eu-projects . 
  france did not . 
  france is a lot more married into the european project . 
  franko-german cooperation has been a pillar of continental europe for over 50 years . 
  soviet had plenty of hard power . 
  yet it was so full of internal tension that freer speech and a limit to iron fist rule was all it took for it to implode . 
  danish numerals ... , 
  the upside of brexit is that the uk government is more capable of signing trade treaties than eu , at least at the moment . 
  the downside is that the political tide wants to shut all foreigners out , even eu and non-eu college students . 
  this does not bode well . 
  yeah , it does n't take much of stretch to realize that hillary can fill the role of a center-right woman . 
  that 's beyond the capabilities of a troll account, 
  and we swedes either shit on nobel or do n't care about him . 
  it 's a shame , really . 
  just like duterte ... 
  meh , he 's not even in gehennom proper . 
  swedish : `` tjeckien '', 
  i do n't think it 's dead at all . 
  what a shitshow . 
  the media situation matters quite a bit . 
  in sweden , most of adult and teen media is in english with swedish subtitles . 
  spoken swedish comes second , if you look at what programming those under 50 are consuming , at least on tv . 
  swedish dominates radio , however . 
  i agree . 
  my point is that the nazis made a huge point out of persecuting jews . 
  it was at the forefront of their propaganda apparatus . 
  the rest were undesirables and more of a '' ... and remove these too ! '' . 
  jews had better social standing and were often well-regarded members of the community , so it took more effort to demonize them as individuals . 
  i agree that the unhinged level of action was a defining factor , though . 
  the nazis rode on several negative national emotions . 
  resentment and revanchism were two of them . 
  antisemitism was absolutely the worst for the jews . 
  this is an insult, 
  yes . 
  however , this is boris johnson level stupid . 
  yup , and the nazi party took the existing antisemitic currents in germany ( that also existed all over the world ) and amplified them to 11 . 
  sweden is n't in this study at all . 
  but apparently the rest of the nordic countries are . 
  results are weird , though , i 'd expect being your in norway would be pretty awesome . 
  one advantage of the kids moving out is that there 's a strong incentive to move where there are jobs . 
  just because you grew up in one place does n't mean that the best options for you exist in that place . 
  at least the number of new apartments is at the level of the 60 's now . 
   we 're not going to base our membership of the eu on how it makes continental europeans feel though . 
  of course not . 
  the thing is that many countries like the uk in general , and would like you to remain in the same club . 
  i think this explains 3/4 of the reactions to brexit , besides the shadenfreude . 
  i 'm sure it exists in the uk , but not among the brexiters here . 
  there 's still nato . 
  and club membership is not that much about who is paying whom , but having a common thing going on that you all care about . 
  britain leaving the eu is also an indirect `` fuck you '' to the current eu members . 
  that 's the psychology . 
  this type of comment is what makes us skeptical of americans discussing european matters . 
  go poo on your own parade . 
  i did n't see it there , but you 're right , if you scroll down you can see it . 
  i ca n't find it from www.bbc.co.uk . 
  i did n't dig , though , but it certainly is n't frontpage news . 
  sweden and the eu is working on sending people back to afghanistan , for example . 
  the turkey deal was action , although people in this sub refuse to understand it . 
  you see those people because they are not smoking * inside * the bar . 
  in countries with more smokers , they may have smoking bans indoors , but they often ignore them . 
  where it 's considered normal to smoke , doctors will smoke too . 
  in sweden , it 's now not considered normal for educated folk to smoke . 
  so swedish doctors rarely smoke .
