  it was proof of the opposite : territorial gains in former ussr states was possible . 
  how much did west german overall gdp increase as they absorbed east germany ? 
  having some army , yes . 
  but no international capability , no power projection , etc. 
  all that was handled by the us on a voluntary basis . 
  how was he snubbed ? 
  trade with russia was up , the got large international events , etc , etc. 
  they did not get the status as an equal to the us , however . 
  that 's what kremlin could n't accept . 
  putin was n't particularly disliked in the west until 1 ) it became obvious he meant to rule for life , 2 ) he started using military force to control russia 's neighbours . 
  but it was the status quo . 
  i meant normalisation of russia ... to make a country more like e.g. 
  germany . 
  yes . 
  why ? 
  because the us ( and all the winners of ww2 ) wanted it that way . 
  the us should stop pretending this is germany 's fault . 
  you can back out if you want , but germany certainly did n't force the allied countries to set up bases . 
  russia of , say , 2005 was on a clear path towards normalisation . 
  but that was n't what the elite in kremlin wanted , so they steered away from it . 
  normalisation would have meant accepting american hegemony . 
  you conveniently forget that german disarmament was a global agreement that continued up to about 20 years ago . 
  meanwhile , britain and france have upheld reasonable military capabilities . 
  so this entire line of reasoning is moot . 
  `` you should pay us because we made sure you did n't rebuild your military '', 
  without ukraine we would have woken up to how dangerous russia is for our easternmost member states . 
  and how crucial american intervention was for euromaidan is debatable , the russian response is as clear as day . 
  do n't forget german disarmament was a top priority for over 50 years after ww2 . 
  fear of german resurgence resurfaced after east and west germany were reunited . 
  then suddenly `` why you no pay for big army '' , `` you are big country '' . 
  pardon the stereotype , but this is the infamous heel turn `` no boyfriend , no sex '' followed by `` why are n't you married '' and `` i want a grandchild , now ! '', 
  i agree it 's a poor fit in this case . 
  i fits for the murders in trollh\u00e4ttan , however, 
  not directly , but ideas of vigilantism are very common among the far right groups . 
  violent ideas foster violent outcomes, 
  nationalism . 
  in sweden and norway , right-wing terrorists have killed more people than muslims . 
  i have n't seen anyone on the far-right apologise for those assholes . 
  unfortunately , some on the left adamantly claim that `` only nazis think that islam * can * have the trappings of a political ideology '' . 
  there was a representant from the islamic human rights council , and they are extreme in this . 
  if you try to argue that there are muslims that work against secular society to establish a community with separate laws , you 're labelled an islamophobe and an extremist . 
  yeah , right on the money . 
  trump is bad for europe , simply put . 
  he comes to the table without an attractive offer . 
  emotionally , he connects with the anti-muslim crowd , but geopolitically , he ca n't do anything to help in that regard either . 
  that 's the point, 
  the second . 
  pis and po top brass hate each other , but it looks like the hate is stronger from pis . 
  it 's rare . 
  believe it or not , most countries with functional democracies have parties that agree on 90 % of what 's in their national interest given the circumstances . 
  well , there 's still places like berdychev , that loset 20-30 thousand jews in one go . 
  berdychev was once the south-easternmost trade city of poland . 
  is integration a bitoperation these days ? 
  there was a significant cultural exchange , and there are many jewish sympathisers there today . 
  i have family in the area , none of them is jewish as far as i know , but everyone speaks well of jewish culture , humor , etc , and have friends in israel . 
  and i know they 're not jewish , because they go to the orthodox church , use idols , etc. 
  the topic was cities . 
  in many of them 30-50 % or so of the population were asked to show up at a certain place . 
  then they were led away and shot . 
  as far as i understand , those jews must have been at least partially integrated . 
  what about the cities in western ukraine of today that were basically half slavic half jewish ? 
  \u745e is the first character for both sweden and switzerland , apparently . 
   \u745e\u5178 this is ( sometimes ) used in japanese as well , the literal pronunciation is `` sui ten '' , but everyone would read it `` suehden '', 
  the uk = j\u00f6ng-guck ? 
  eu = \u00e5 or eu = \u00f6 ? 
  other comments claim that it 's close to the second , so the uk is `` j\u00f6ngguck '' , no ? 
  iceland is far enough to still be safe . 
  until the median income of chinese doubles again . 
  if you like her , you know where to go, 
  which countries are chuugoku and kitachousen ? 
  ( do n't cheat ), 
  also tenshon = suspense and baiking = buffet ( as introduced by an airline called viking ) there are some false friends . 
  i never use my last name in japan . 
  too many consonants and vowels with no equivalent . 
  standard japanese is one of the simplest languages , phonetically . 
  they made all their phonemes into an phonetic alphabet , and it has 46 letters . 
  lagunitas is a solid american brand . 
  american pale ale is quite popular among swedish brewers too . 
  coop is no. 2 in sweden . 
  unfortunately , they 're struggling with profitability . 
  yeah , sd is gaining in sweden , because the main party on the right can not decide whether they can or can not cooperate with sd , and as they hesitate , sd gains , and those more opposed to sd gain too . 
  oya means parent in japanese . 
  op confirmed grandma, 
  yes , the level ( people trained per year ) at which they plan the conscription is more to make showing up for evaluation mandatory , and removing the biggest obstacles for those who do want to join . 
  how so ? 
  croatia has a long list of problems that compare poorly to sweden and has no trend of improvement . 
  tony blair ? 
  not much of a looker . 
  all the things , she said !, 
  my point is that saying `` their culture is too different '' let 's you get away with bigotry a lot easier than `` their skin is too dark '' . 
  it also complicates things that many want a nuanced understanding of culture , while others want to keep it simple : us versus them, 
  culture is the new skin color . 
  yeah , i heard obama ruined america ... 
  same method , almost same kind of upset visavi the polling . 
  it would certainly explain why hillary got about the total number of votes the polls expected , but not the number of electoral votes . 
  this points towards trump 's campaign being more targeted and smarter . 
  it is much more likely than what trump says : that there were 3 million fake votes for hillary, 
  it 's debatable , but given the surprising and clear success of the trump campaign , and how it 's documented that this is a shift from group advertisement to individualised advertisement , it 's not a stretch to say it was influential, 
  no , it 's all open facts . 
  cambridge analytica does this kind of work , exactly like this ( individual psychometric from social media ) .
