  you ca n't be independent if no-one 's listening . 
  then russia would be a normal country , that accepts that the us decides 80 % of the rules . 
  this is russian exceptionalism , just like there is american exceptionalism ( in which a core tenet is that the us is the natural leader of the world ) . 
  simply put , to set your own rules you need to demonstrate power . 
  this is the aim here . 
  i agree that it 's totally the wrong thing to do and it 's not the benefit of anyone apart from the political elite in moscow . 
  it seems clear to me that putin & co want to forge a independent path , a destiny for russia that is not dependent on the american world order . 
  the military action in ukraine is one way to show that russia is prepared to use military force to get its way , regardless of the interests of everyone else . 
  edit : i 'm very curious to why i 'm downvoted . 
  yeah , all the information i have points to russia calculating on a much more lackluster ukrainian response . 
  the ukrainian armed forces were in complete disarray in march 2014 , and no shots were fired to prevent the occupation of crimea . 
  the ato offensive in august was a real threat , and russia had to send in a lot of troops asap . 
  my son is attending a mixed school now , i guess i 'll get some insight too . 
  i agree that those attacking her are idiots . 
  you can make the same accusations on the catholic church . 
  she 's controversial also because she says that all islam is bad and it and ideology bent on conquering the world . 
  that 's likely , yes . 
  the story i heard was that the dog attacked the elk , the elk fought back , and the woman tried to save her dog . 
   elk are only deadly if you count car accidents , they are obviously very large , but they are generally a shy and peaceful animal , most people are smart enough not to get so close to them that the elk gets aggressive . 
  a woman was gored to death by an elk not so long ago . 
  she was taking her dog for a walk . 
  the elk killed both the woman and the dog , fi i remember it right . 
  you have to include the odds . 
  you want step on a fully grown bear by mistake . 
  or the b\u00e4rdienst , the worst kind of dienst . 
  ah , same in sweden . 
  interesting , lots of people from the balkans , not so many from somalia . 
  climate = atmosphere ? 
  or setting ? 
  climate is n't a word english-speaking people use for movies . 
  how does [ the ntv campaign against lukashenko ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belarusian_presidential_election,_2010#cite_note-43 ) fit into that narrative ? 
  no , we would have preserves where alcohol is allowed , yay !, 
  unfortunately , that was just one of many massacres of jews in ukraine . 
  losing finland to russia was embarrassing too . 
  the russians did n't even set out to take finland , they were goaded into a punitive war by napoleon . 
  sweden arguably had the best army per capita in the world at that time . 
  sure , poland had a glorious cavalry , but sweden excelled at organization and artillery . 
  i think the deluge was shameful , it was a punitive war mostly aimed at paying mercenaries by plunder and grabbing stuff for the swedish treasury . 
  the abandonment of czechoslovakia was one of the most shameful things that happened before wwii . 
  there 's a good chance nazi germany could have been stopped right there . 
  / u/vonadler is writing an alternative timeline where ferdinand is ousted in favor of la romana . 
  it 's easier to get asylum in sweden . 
  how do you pay rent with that ? 
  did n't happen in sweden . 
  if you actually read the story , you 'd see we offer the least amount of money . 
  they are included in the statistics from last year , however , the number is increasing . 
  10 % of that would not a be a problem . 
  i think that the process for those , likely to be 15-20 ( 25 ? 
  ) , is too lenient . 
  it seems they are granted asylum after a very cursory process and no age verification . 
   the word patriotism has a specific meaning , and what he described is not part of the definition usage is important . 
  the dixie chicks were boycotted for being `` unpatriotic '' when they spoke out against the invasion of iraq . 
  given a narrow definition of patriotism , that does n't make sense . 
  you 're right , i 'm a bit off . 
  it seems about 50 % of immigration is from outside europe , this would correspond to about 50k people last year . 
  my comment was also meant to represent an average over decades . 
  the current level of refugees is extra-ordinary , worse than the situation during the balkan wars . 
  and revoke some citizenships too , right ? 
  everything it says is highly slanted . 
  also , it speaks volumes that this was a / r/ct crosspost . 
  how would , on average 3k non-europeans being granted asylum per years in sweden be such a problem that such a policy would `` not be enough '' ? 
  the political situation in sweden is quite simple . 
  there are seven parties that discuss important and difficult problems , such as education , crime , unemployment and defense , with no silver bullets . 
  people have heard it all before and accept that there are no simple solutions . 
  these parties also more or less support the current , relatively generous asylum laws . 
  on the other hand , there 's the problem of asylum seekers and the number of immigrants . 
  for those that think that we accept too many , this problems seems readily solvable . 
  just make it a lot harder to apply for asylum in sweden . 
  close the borders . 
  deport the `` illegal immigrants '' . 
  it seems easy , and it * is easier * than solving unemployment . 
  sd ( the anti-immigration party ) can then also claim that all the other complex problems will be solved once immigration stops . 
  that 's how it 's expressed , often . 
  patriotism , as expressed in the us , is often chauvinist . 
  this clearly blurs the line between patriotism and nationalism . 
  something both could say : `` i would die for my country '' . 
  well , japan is a fairly closed society , and that has both pros and cons . 
  no , i have at no point suggested this . 
  but my point is that japan is not in a better position than sweden or germany . 
  japan has a lot of of low-earners too . 
  if you have a `` baito '' , you get about $ 10 an hour , no benefits . 
  sure you have access to affordable heath insurance , but it 's not cheaper than in germany . 
  excerpt about this :  the result was an enormous expansion of temporary labor in the japanese labor market . 
  between 2000 and 2007 , the number of regular employees in japan declined by about 1.9 million , while the number of nonregular workers increased by about 4.5 million . 
  by 2008 , short-term contract and temporary staffing workers had increased from a small percentage to more than 30 % of the japanese labor force . 
  ( http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1126820 ), 
  gdp per capita is well below that of germany . 
  i agree . 
  but `` sweden is so fucked '' is even more so a circle jerk on reddit . 
  have you lived there ? 
  i have ( for two years ) , and it 's very nice country , with a gdp per capita well below that of germany , but this a whole range of problems of its own . 
  and playing the madagaskar card is easy if there is no viable land route or sea route to the country . 
  damascus in 2010 was probably quite ok . syria has a lot of history , interesting cuisine and friendly people . 
  the civil war has changed everything , of course . 
  i 've spent quite some time in japan , and it 's a homogeneous society . 
  koreans that have lived there for a hundred years are still not quite recognized as equals . 
  a lot of japanese have very strange ideas about `` halfs '' people of mixed japanese and foreign origin . 
  japan certainly has a lot to offer , but with their fairly closed society and low nativity , they are heading for irrelevancy , a gerontocratic country of retirees . 
  and japan is racist too , it just happens that they in some regards put white people on a pedestal . 
  saudi arabia , unfortunately , has no obligation to take refugees from syria that seek asylum in european countries .
