  being a political activist on the national level can often backlash locally ( activist = troublemaker ) . 
  [ edit : yes , she did projects in duoma , but to me it looks like it was the type of projects that go right out-the-window in times of war . 
  she worked with disenfranchised women . ], 
  with the civil war , the people had their survival to think about , not some political activist . 
   it had very little to do with assad . 
  isis kind of stopped fighting the syrian army after april 2013 when they emerged and focused on consolidating their territory . 
  our policies to topple assad created the perfect environment for isis to grow . 
  unlike other syrian groups isis was already organised and professionally run . 
  they were able to get their hands on weapons we sent , systematically organise the looting of captured towns so that it benefited isis as a whole instead of the local guys and actually ran their affairs like a government . 
  hmm , maybe there are more ways to see the events that led to the assad/isis truce ? 
  isis is the perfect vehicle for assad to regain his international reputation - whatever he did , he was never as bad as isis . 
  strangely , the truce is a win-win situation for both assad and isis . 
  assad do n't have to commit forces to battles he may not win , neither does isis , they get to consolidate . 
  meanwhile , the rest of the world becomes upset with isis . 
   our media also took part in the propaganda they were spewing . 
  isis was claiming that assad was butchering innocent sunni muslims and that it was a war between sunnis and shias . 
  not once has any western media deviated from that narrative . 
  not once has any western media pointed out that the vast majority of pro-government syrians are sunni , that the army is full of sunnis and that millions of sunnis live in safety in government territory . 
  highly misleading . 
  western media often reports that isis butchers fellow sunni who will not fall in line . 
  i should also mention that in western media ( check google trends for this ) , is was unknown in the beginning of 2013 , and it was n't until later that year the group added their 's ' for syria . 
  back in 2012 , practically nobody in the west expected a state-bearing extremist group to take hold in syria . 
  you do make some excellent points . 
  fsa may be a front that western journalists bought into because of how oppressive assad was , and how hopeful the events of the arab spring seemed . 
  but where do the people who protested for secular democracy in 2011 and say `` rather isis than assad '' today come from ? 
  the reason that the jihadi groups are successful has little to do with anti-assad aid from the west and much more to do with the resentment against him and his government , and the successful pr-campaign of isis . 
  we had a sudanese muslim doing and ama here in / r/europe and he said that isis had a recruiter presence in sudan and that `` he too had felt the allure of the black flags '' . 
  to me , a lot of ideas around isis and the new caliphate are ideological . 
  a radical anti-modernist , anti-secular movement under the name of islam . 
   go and look up any headline from syria before isis . 
  every victory by the rebels was sanitised to make them look nice . 
  we even had reporters denying there were jihadists until martin chulov reported it in the summer of 2012 this was pretty accurate . 
  i was totally in the `` oust assad '' - camp in 2012 . 
   go and look up any headline from syria before isis . 
  every victory by the rebels was sanitised to make them look nice . 
  we even had reporters denying there were jihadists until martin chulov reported it in the summer of 2012 . 
  this is the correct timeline . 
  i remember i supported the rebels up to 2012 or so . 
  it was n't hard , because assad was never a good guy . 
  if i understand the situation correctly , the peaceful protests against assad in 2011 was run by decent people with legitimate grievances , but the armed resistance became co-opted by terrorist after free syrian army failed . 
  one reason why you face opposition to your narrative is because you assume the worlds leaders were malicious about syria . 
  they were n't , they were naive . 
  they thought the strong opposition against assad could lead to a regime change to a more democratic syria . 
  assad 's answer to the protests was basically waging a war against them . 
  it seems that everyone involved overplayed their hand . 
  he 's saying that conservative islam is perfect , and thus does n't need to change . 
   this like complaining that the catholic church does n't allow women to be priests and many do , because they find it silly . 
  the swedish protestant church did n't allow women priests up until 1960 . 
  the move to allow them was very controversial at the time , and conservative priests formed organizations within the church to work against it . 
  again , what we see is that much of the church has modernized , while islam is moving in the other direction , towards more conservatism and obedience , and less freedom for muslims . 
  yes . 
  so now if you use the word `` mansplaining '' you 're a psychopath ? 
  talk about hyperbole ... 
  under a new category , you mean ? 
  because `` ridicule '' would be the best fit , but not a good one . 
  that last sentence is really making a hen out of a feather . 
  gang-rapes are a problem , but constitute at most 10 % of all rapes in any country . 
  the social cost of reporting rape in sweden is much lower than in most countries . 
  if it 's a legal tax dodge , it would n't show up as tax evasion or unpaid taxes in the statistics , no ? 
  the context was erasmus students . 
  the vast majority of these will interact , and makes friends with , people of different nationalities than their own . 
  i know that even * living * in a foreign country , if you do n't make contact with the locals , is no guarantee that you 'll make friends there . 
  the saddest example i know of was a japanese girl i met , who did n't speak swedish even after seven years living here , because she was enrolled in an international boarding school of sorts . 
  come again ? 
  as for the sweden democrats , 15-20 % consider voting for it . 
  another about equal share respect it as an opposition party and somewhere around 60 % see it as a party for pretend-legitimate racists . 
  what party do you refer to as the leading party ? 
  the social democrats ? 
  in sweden , the traditional parties have moved * very * little \\* , but still lost a lot of ground . 
  the tactic worked as long as the right-wing populists were outside the parliament and were seen as illegitimate . 
  now , they 're cleaning up both the anti-immigration vote and the anti-establishment vote . 
  \\* they 've continued on with the same policies , ignoring the parliamentary presence of the sweden democrats since 2010 , directly and indirectly labeling them as racists . 
  three things are bolstering their ranks at the moment : 1 . 
  success and legitimacy as a choice in parliamentary elections . 
  the large number of immigrants to sweden at the moment , especially from syria . 
  the geographically impressive presence of beggars from poor eu countries , especially romanian roma . 
  these days , most supermarkets in every small town of sweden has one or two beggars outside . 
  if i said `` every '' i would n't be far off . 
   overplaying the europe 's hand in the dick contest is only thing that matters . 
  that was an entertaining way to put it . 
  greece has been a net beneficiary of eu funds since joining . 
  it does transcend borders , but it does n't unite . 
  do you have children ? 
  this is when it gets harder . 
  not impossible at all , but cultural expectations tend to play out a lot more directly at that time . 
  we are less inclined to overcome differences in opinion online . 
  to me an many others , it looked like greece finally had hit rock bottom and things were turning around . 
  the only things that 's sure now , is that it 'll get worse before it gets better . 
  there is no need to actively screw greece over , grexit + default would do that just fine . 
  no access to finical markets also means that necessary infrastructure ca n't be built when it is needed - it has to wait for funds . 
  a budget balanced without debt sounds good on paper , but when you ca n't fix the plumbing in a city because you ca n't borrow for an investment , the fun is over . 
  greece is heading for default . 
  not austerity not expansive fiscal policy . 
  my point , on the other hand , was that iceland could let their own banks fail , because the global impact was small . 
  some foreign investors ( along with domestic , i presume ) , such as british citizens , lost deposits . 
  what do you think would have happened if a number of large european banks would have crashed ? 
  lehman brothers themselves had assets to cover their liabilities just days before the crash . 
  it was when the value and liquidity of the assets was called into question that they tanked . 
  it 's hard to see how a few major banks could have declared bankruptcy without dragging everyone down along with them . 
  iceland could lean on the rest of the world .
