  why would they protest russian involvement ? 
   it 's their people after all so sweden should invade \u00c5land !, 
  that makes sense . 
  it looks more like they 're trying to prevent the new government in kiev to talk dircetly with crimea and come to some sort of agreement . 
  controlling the airport is a means to stop the wrong people to go there . 
  ( inside joke ), 
  several reports have them running in and out of police/berkut formations attacking the protesters . 
  you mean there is no evidence of titushki ? 
  the government have hired thugs to make it very difficult to keep protests peaceful . 
  yeah , you do n't often hear about how south korea and japan protected their industries before they were able to compete internationally - but they did , extensively . 
  it is more democratic , and in general sound . 
  too bad for us outside of switzerland that the swiss do n't care that much for good relations with the eu . 
  that makes it a ghetto , not a slum . 
  if you were swedish and begged in the streets you were likely to be taken to a mental institution for care . 
  my small town has foreign beggars in several spots . 
  i 'd say there are up to about ten of them . 
  very noticeable . 
  greece hired goldman sachs to make their figures look better . 
  many knew the official stats were a fantasy , but no-one of influence said a thing until * after * the whole thing burst open . 
  if they ally with poland . 
  ... yes ? 
  my point is that individualism does n't necessary lead to low taxes . 
  japan has low taxes , but is considerably less individualistic than sweden . 
  not according to what social studies say . 
  [ here 's one take on sweden . 
  i 'm unapologetically statist . 
  not in that i believe that the state has all the answers , but in that it can have the answers to some problems . 
  yup , pretty much . 
  swedish people have used the state to escape relying on all kinds of charity . 
  we have a tendency to view charity as disguised power . 
  the knife ( left-leaning band ) has written lyrics on this : i took a cab there to hold her i took a plane there to feel what she felt you make me like charity instead of paying enough taxes, 
  it 's individualistic in the way that you 're depending on an impersonal system , not your private social network . 
  i assume you do n't have experience in taking care of your parents or grandparents . 
  my aunt sacrificed ten years of individual freedom to live with my grandmother out on the countryside . 
  this is quite rare here , nowadays . 
  what 's much more common is that our old have tax-financed help and/or live in tax-financed retirement homes . 
  in this way , the individual does n't have to take care of the older generation , not practically by living with them , nor * directly * by spending money on a retirement home or help . 
  similarly , if you want to study , it costs a mere registration fee and everyone is eligible for some benefits and can take a cheap student loan ( interest rate = inflation , installment plan is never more than 4 % of income ) . 
  this way , you depend on your parents a lot less , and they do n't depend on you . 
  for cultural reasons , we do n't have that `` pioneer spirit '' america has , but we do have a record number of single households ... 
  hah , i like it . 
  many people over 30 do . 
  do n't ever , ever talk about wwii with finns in a way that could hurt finnish pride . 
  that 's the lesson i 've learnt . 
  because finland is extreme , that 's why . 
  sweden 's also extremely individualistic in the regard that we have the philosophy that it 's never the duty of a relative or the social network to help people in long-term need , the state should always be there for the individual ( not that it always works , but that 's the grist of it ) . 
  it makes people a lot more independent towards family , but more reliant on the state . 
  but if you want to be able to arm yourself without becoming dependent on a superpower , a disproportionally large arms industry is the likely result . 
  the official aim in the 60 's was for sweden to able to hold back an offense from the soviet union for a considerable time ( months ) , * without * the help of nato . 
  `` as a dane i reserve the right to offend the lesser people '' basically . 
  danes also smoke a lot more than people from comparably rich countries . 
  the origins of swedish arm sales are two , i think : 1 . 
  post wwii push to be able to independently provide a large conscript army with everything it needs without relying on foreign powers . 
  an illusion , but it meshes with the neutrality policy . 
  tradition, 
  yeah , there are worrisome elements taking part in the protests/uprising . 
  where is this from ? 
  if you 're wondering why ukrainians are revolting , look at belarus . 
  that 's putin 's and yanukovich 's vision for ukraine . 
  the ukrainian president/government is also acting on several levels . 
  the police is mostly disciplined and peaceful . 
  then there is berkut , which are not . 
  some protesters were shot with real bullets today , unclear by whom . 
  people have been abducted ( i.e. 
  disappeared instead of arrested ) , and at least one of these has been found beaten to death . 
  as far as i know , most feel close to russians and russian culture . 
  they get offended when bad guys speak russian in western tv-shows and movies . 
  on the other hand , there is a strong opinion that the political influence of kreml and putin represents the end of democracy , autocracy and darkness . 
  a fate similar to belarus . 
  it is a russian perspective , notice how they squeezed in criticism of the baltic states and poland , while staying positive about politically apathetic autocracies such as kazakhstan . 
  the countryside is also dominated by political apathy , and `` i 'll do whatever it takes to keep my family safe , even if it feels wrong '' . 
  some people are press-ganged into yanukovich 's party , etc. 
  the protests were largely peaceful if highly disruptive for * two months * before recent events . 
  people are getting desperate to see any change now . 
   however , the mistake europeans make , is that they believe the qe in the us worked in favor of the common man . 
  this is not so no shit . 
  qe injects well-needed money into the economy , but the direct profits will end up in banks and large corporations that now can borrow very cheaply . 
  finance is now in a state that many are restricted from borrowing any money at all , but those that * can * , can borrow extremely cheaply . 
  is n't it dangerous to us usd in this comparison ? 
  now you 've added the eur/usd exchange rate as an additional factor . 
  deflation is the biggest threat at the moment . 
  also the eu represents western europe-type of democracy and freedom from russian political influence . 
  that it 's used in ukraine sayas more about ukraine and the image of eu there , than about what members of eu countries think about the eu . 
  it 's funny how some of those variations are the same in sweden . 
  especially katt/katta for cat . 
  my friends have moved to liding\u00f6 , their `` i `` s are still ironic . 
  soon they will be natural . 
  yeah , we switched over relatively recently . 
  that 's true , but i 'm also thinking of the fact that those are large weapon systems that can be complex to compare , and that each maker has hundreds , if not thousands of dedicated supporters with their own perspective . 
  no , but on f35s . 
  the saab that makes fighter jets is a military technology adn aviation company that existed before the cars . 
  the first saab cars were designed by aviation engineers , and what they shared in the end was only the brand . 
  interestingly , that story reads exactly like when gripen was snubbed in norway . 
  do n't forget norway !, 
  i apologize for my poor finnish , 
  grus is grovel in swedish . 
  but that 's local , right ? 
  i 'm referring to `` mr duitser '' . 
  how come this happened in finland ? 
  it 's quite rare to have surnames based on an associated nationality in other countries .
