  `` swedes are wasting their money on submarine defense . '', 
  are we ? 
  i do n't know how deeply you looked into this , but the nsa scandal exploded mostly in germany . 
  in sweden , fra ( our secret surveillance service ) was already seen as either a necessary evil or scummy servants of the us , and there was a big debate before the snowden reveals . 
  my impression is the germans had n't debated their surveillance much , and a lot of people were naive about it before nsa . 
  then it turns out their chancellor was bugged by an ally . 
  furor !, 
  with your tanking economy you 're not helping the cause . 
  get your shit together . 
  weissbeer is a fucking novelty . 
  give me ipa , apa , or belgian ale . 
  going to visit alliansen at chalmers was always awkward , 
  it 's 99.9 % schadenfreude . 
   i think european union as an entity is a competitor to the united states i disagree completely . 
  both europe and the us are aware that we have passed the peak of our economical influence . 
  so to maintain a leading force in the world , it 's more advantageous to work together and engage in gentleman competition instead of cut-throat competition . 
  in a multi-polar world , the us and the eu are still closely aligned , both culturally and economically . 
   it would only take a coalition of say uk and france to topple their influence there 's your problem , germany has influence because they are close to all the main players , and the uk is afraid of touching the eu rudder . 
  i enjoyed borgen . 
  it is n't house of cards ( seasons 1 & 2 ) , but it 's quite good . 
  that would certainly not be true for sweden . 
  smattra in swedish is the sound of quick hard beats . 
  like the sound of fully-automatic fire . 
  \u00fc is not used in ikea land . 
  it 's used in panzerland . 
  japanese answers are funny . 
  they 're all like `` dude , whatever , i do n't have an opinion '' . 
  or it means that neither science nor faith provokes strong feelings over there . 
  not if you 're going to cover events in germany . 
   battle dress -- red tunic worn next to the body ; linen canvus padded jacket , chaine maille and blue and yellow surcoat `` chaine maille '' ? 
  the correct term is `` maille '' . 
  chainmail is a neologism . 
  s. korea has the same demographic problem as japan , though , only it will spring into effect a decade or two later . 
  if things continue along the same trajectory as now , s. korea will not be growing for much longer . 
  this is a huge problem when a totalitarian or one-party system is toppled . 
  there is no method of transfer of power . 
  revolutions in general are dangerous because of this too - most fail, 
  my understanding is that the political system did not work without gaddafi , which is what we see now . 
  close , but not a copy . 
  yeah , i 'd wager almost 50 % of swedish parking space is free of charge . 
  the criticism of m\u00e5ns was relatively lackluster . 
  he 's song , `` heroes '' is decent modern pop . 
  that 's the rate in central stockholm too . 
  and they need it , because / r/sweden   the rest . 
  this is an interesting take on recent history . 
  if you 're curious about what really has affected abou a billion of people , it 's the creation of the chinese middle class and the beginning of the same in india , indonesia , etc. 
  i think you argue against the wrong person . 
  i agree with you . 
  terrorism or suicide are not the only two options - that was my point . 
  well , he knew damn well he took 150 others with him . 
  so to say that his only goal was suicide seems odd . 
  he was n't supposed to work that day . 
  somehow , he managed to hide that from his employer . 
   hbgary : automated social media management hbgary ? 
  were that the total amateurs that got their pants pulled in public ? 
  in my limited experience it 's an upper-class thing . 
  it 's not even true , give a finn enough alcohol and he starts to resemble a normal person ( or gets argumentative and stabs you in your guts ) . 
  / r/sweden has the same demographic . 
  over 90 % are male . 
  and the median age is below 21 . 
  facebook and twitter is left-leaning , other public forums are more right-leaning . 
  there 's been a marked change . 
  it 's now impossible to discuss anything vaguely related to politics without the comment section being filled up with `` immigrants & muslims bad , without them no problem '' . 
  we have a lot of business there . 
  eu strives for historical correctness , so it 's not a bad source . 
  yeah , that 's correct - venice did n't get much further east than cyprus . 
  they did n't ask the people on \u00c5land either . 
  did n't venice have bases on crimea as well ? 
  would n't fly in sweden . 
  but divorces are no big deal . 
  ah , yeah , that makes sense then . 
  he was n't guilty of spying for germany , but he was guilty of being a jew ... 
  it 's quite interesting that they drew us separated in 1899 . 
  it 's about the dreyfus scandal which was the hugest political deal at the the turn of the century . 
  i still do n't quite get was all the fuss was about . 
  at the start of this conflict , germans wanted to opt out serious measures completely . 
  there was no political support for taking a hard line against russia in germany . 
  now , however , the opinion has shifted . 
  what merkel does n't do , is lead the people , telling them what to think . 
  schr\u00f6der bought into putin 's plan hook , line and sinker . 
  contrary to what many germans claim , it did have a lasting impact on german foreign policy . 
   except she is trying her lecture at a meeting of arab leaders ... 
  the saudis care little about criticism but they are n't going to allow her or anyone to do it at a meeting of arab officials . 
  this is where you and most others are wrong . 
  the speech was harmless , centered on palestine ( that sweden recently recognized ) . 
  it contained no criticism of saudi arabia . 
   i do n't understand sweden 's rage at not being allowed to lecture . . 
  if a saudi official demanded to lecture your leaders about your criminal sentencing in eu parliament . . would you allow it ? 
  what happened was this : sweden 's foreign minister were invited as honorary guests to the arab league . 
  she was going to talk mostly about palestine , and the contents of the speech was not contested . 
  suddenly , saudi arabia decided that they took offense against swedish criticism of the saudi legal system * in january * ( the only concrete response has been that sharia `` protects human rights and dignity '' ) . 
  this is quite confusing , and the theory that this punitive diplomatic measure stems from a leak about sweden not renewing the arms agreement . 
  yeah , this is highly contested in 2010 as well . 
  at that time we had a government very encouraging of arms export . 
   that is precisely my point : we should n't have intervened in another country 's affairs . 
  the oft-invoked duty-to-intervene is most often just a pretext for the west achieving its geopolitical objectives , leaving the `` assisted '' countries in tatters . 
  i agree somewhat . 
  but there was a lot of optimism back then - everyone on the rebel side talked about democracy and islamist groups were just a worry people in the west hoped would n't become the driving force . 
  mp ( environemntal party/greens ) is in government and can negotiate . 
  that they are able to negotiate does n't make the government undemocratic in any way .
