  after the latest wave of immigration , we have run out of spare housing . 
  but it 's interesting that everyone blames this on the asylum rules , when it 's the number of asylum seekers that has gone through the roof . 
  i 'm fine with people voting for sd . 
  i 'm not fine with people burning down buildings . 
  simple . 
  yeah , blame roof 's attack in charleston on the civil rights movement while you 're at it . 
  the population of ireland was increasing rapidly in the 19th century . 
  the balkans already have low nativity . 
  how things happen are quite important too . 
  yes , the starting points were different . 
  but a 50 % increase is still a 50 % increase . 
  no , it is gdp with 1999 as 100 . 
  by artificial stimulus , or what do you mean , exactly ? 
  i always forget which one of latvia and lithuania is litauen . 
  `` estland , lettland , litauen '' is easy to remember , then it becomes `` estonia , ? 
  in english . 
   please cum all over my communities which was * entirely * intentional . 
  you think this was not sarcastic ? 
  swedes on reddit are not for immigration , on average . 
  yup , south-eastern turkey has 2 million economic migrants in camps now . 
  breivik in norway thought the same thing . 
  he was inspired by the methods of islamic terrorists and attacked a youth camp of the social democrats for the most politically interested . 
  this was his idea on how to start a war against immigration . 
  not disagreeing , but the political situation is totally different , the nazis are marginalized , while the japanese often yield to these guys . 
  the japanese case is simple , really . 
  most understand that war is terrible and if given evidence of what they did they will understand that it was wrong . 
  however , there 's a hardcore nationalist elite ( not `` the elite '' but a significant part of it ) that want to see imperialist japan in a positive light and that the japanese are the natural leaders of eastern asia . 
  these are a small minority , but vocal on several levels : spreading propaganda , protesting candid textbooks on ww2 , holding positions of power in government , etc. 
  in short , they prevent japan from fully accepting its history , learn from it , and move on . 
  everyone with half a brain recognizes that you either run the country like your personal household ( i.e. 
  what putin says goes ) to help the girl , you blow her off with a few words , or you do your best to sympathize while not pretending . 
  of course it is cringe-inducing . 
  japan has also been horribly half-assed with their apologies for ww2 . 
  their line has been to apologize , minimize and forget ( as in the perpetrator forgets the crime ) . 
  but they have been successful in culturing a pacifist attitude . 
  in this they are similar to the germans . 
  / r/worldnews and / r/futurology has taken over click-bait poorly sourced science stories from / r/science . 
  i think redditors are still going to blame those on / r/science . 
  it has no swedish title . 
  swedes were so traumatized by the early 90 's experience , some made [ a homepage dedicated to sovereign debt ] ( http://statsskuld.se ) ( notice that its design has been kept up to date ) . 
  in the last election , the two major parties were still arguing which of them was more financially responsible , while economists were commenting `` hmm , the economy is certainly not overheating , there 's no inflation and money is almost free , why not borrow to invest ? '', 
  interesting !, 
  i was just pointing out that it 's interesting that the most direct translation of sniper in swedish - `` krypskytt '' - has negative connotations and is n't used in the military . 
  thus a movie title such as `` american sniper '' feels a bit like `` american terrorist '' to a swedish person . 
  agreed on the color-tv and the telephone , but it 's still part of `` basic access '' . 
  maybe it should be updated to `` internet and mobile phone '' . 
  read the description - they are not * that * relative to average gdp in the country . 
  adapting an existing word to a new phenomenon is not automatically successful . 
  this usage was new , and it did n't have to be this exact word - see italian . 
  the military word for sniper in swedish is prickskytt/skarpskytt ( sharpshooter ) . 
  `` krypskytt '' ( crawl shooter ) is designated for more illegitimate snipers - like those that made sarajevo hell on earth during the balkan wars . 
  nope , that 's clearly not it . 
  edit : my point is that camouflage is making it appear as if something is nothing , while the trojan horse was making it appear as if one thing is another . 
  nowadays we have stretched the meaning of camouflage to include the last meaning as well , but to fake that something is nothing was `` new '' and why the word came into being . 
   you have probably real trauma to deal with , and not #firstworldproblems like not getting all uncertainty lifted on the first try . 
  this is one of the major problems for refugees in europe actually : getting into a country , then not knowing if you can stay and not being allowed to do anything ( work , study , etc ) for years . 
  absolutely !, 
  fixing situations like that is the core of status and manliness in russia , and many other cultures where law & bureaucracy sucks and individuals fix to save the day . 
  that 's not a narrative we hear from the rebels in the transcript , though . 
  they 're confused , but not once do they say `` i think we hit the wrong plane '' . 
  instead they say `` the ukrainians shot down the other plane to make us look bad '' . 
  but of course , they could have been totally in the dark about this . 
  i think you mean henchmen . 
  do n't you have the same weather as eastern sweden : many cloudy days with 5 mm of rain ? 
  for comparison , honshu , japan , gets 1000-2500 mm rain per year . 
  one day and night when i was in tokyo , it got half the amount of rain stockholm gets in a year ( ~ 520 mm ) . 
  other areas got over 800 mm the same 24 hours . 
  but that 's just an average day in bergen . 
  well , norway cover about 98 % of their domestic electric needs with hydro-power . 
  they should start investing more in other sources of energy * now * , when oil and gas is starting to run out , but so far , the investments in the oil industry has been extremely profitable and unemployment has been around 3 % , even with tens of thousands of foreign workers taking jobs there . 
  alternatives , such as solar power , are at a disadvantage in norway , because it 's a rocky , dark , and rainy country . 
  we tried it , it did n't work , now people hate `` mainstream media '' and journalists instead . 
  sure , but you 'd have to hire a translator , just as the danes need to . 
  norway ca n't / could n't invest too much , it would lead to inflation and waste . 
  the rainy day is often the best time to invest , unless it 's more slow-moving sectors such as education or research . 
  argentina ? 
  although they relied on a grey iou economy for a while before going back to the old currency . 
  it 's a bowl of shit , really . 
  there 's no easy way out of this , and the incompetence remains to be seen . 
  imf stance was politically impossible . 
  of course , merkel at al could have tried to sell it to their german voters , but the result would have been catastrophic for them at home . 
  good that you pointed it out . 
  i 'm actually on the fence ( har , har ) on this , but you do a good job of spreading badwill . 
  in europe , i think debit cards are the way to go . 
  at least in sweden debit cards account for about 90 % of all transactions , credit cards and cash split the remaining 10 % . 
  courageous = risky = not a safe bet = bad . 
  most of europe does not have slums , i do n't think moscow has them either . 
  what we have is downtrodden areas , and many of them , at least in countries that had government led ( or encouraged ) large-scale building booms , fit the `` projects '' description . 
  many apartments built in short time , usually with only housing in mind . 
  that is , only housing not other city infrastructure . 
  in prague in the 90 's , the inner city was looking great , but then all of a sudden there 's a dirt road and shitty communist era high-rise apartment blocks . 
  this type of thing . 
  one that has no executive power . 
  also `` imperial japan '' does denote a period when all power came from the emperor . 
  if you study japanese history in the meiji , taisho and showa up to ww2 , you 'll understand how weird power in japan was , all power came from the emperor , but the emperor was above politics . 
  so this left princes , military commanders and ( semi-democratically elected ) politicians to compete for power . 
  in the 30 's a civilian government was replaced by a noncivilian dominated by the military , and this was a constitutional ok move . 
   merkel is a neo-mercantilist really ? 
  one of her only principles is to defend the free market and an open economy . 
  mercantilism is the opposite of that in many regards .
