  unfortunately , the point of this argument is to be able to claim that 1 . 
  there are 0 legitimate refugees coming to germany , sweden , etc 2 . 
  the doors for all illegal migrants should be closed , no exceptions . 
  is it , even if you have not been granted asylum , and you have no rights ? 
  haha . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm sure i 'm seen as a left-wing guy by many here , but that it 's nuts , and i 've never seen such a comment . 
  in sweden , `` political refugee '' is only used to contrast someone who is fleeing war . 
  the whole notion that you 're allowed to flee poverty does not exist in sweden , unfortunately it 's very hard to deport people , so it 's difficult to keep up this distinction . 
  our experience with moroccans , etc , coming here illegally has been quite bad . 
  `` romanian roma '' would have been more clear . 
  did i indicate i do n't know this ? 
  still , the roma beggars in sweden have families left back in romanian and bulgaria . 
  there are swedish roma too - but they do n't sit in front of supermarkets . 
  again , that 's 4 years !, 
  and a positive development . 
  over the last 20 years , poland have increased its trade with the eu many times and there has been great economic development , and modal wages are significantly up . 
  when you hear pis , they talk as if everything has been shit the last 10-20 years and they are going to purge poland from evil foreign influences . 
  can you give me evidence that the median salary has n't changed the last 20 years ? 
  the average salary in poland has gone up about 200 % in that time . 
  if you look at short periods ( 3-4 years ) it is n't that fair . 
  and i was mostly annoyed by her argument . 
  poland was significantly poorer than the rest of europe before , and if you can double or triple your earnings by going abroad , many will be tempted , even if the local economy is doing well . 
  for example , there are jobs in many parts of romania and the romanian economy is improving , but many roma still go abroad to beg - because then they can make 30-50 % more on average . 
  i heard a polish woman who supported pis on swedish radio a few weeks ago . 
  everything she said was completely unsubstantial . 
  things like `` they are lying when they claim that poland has been doing well economically the last 15 year - they are lying with the statistics . 
  why would any pole leave poland to go work abroad if we were doing well ? '', 
  she gave me nightmares . 
  yeah , those strawberries are one of the few sorts of produce we eat in season . 
  also , having your own apple tree is good , some sorts are tasty but too small to sell . 
  yes and no . 
  the best cooking is quite good , affordable food is varying a lot in quality with most being quite bland . 
  wrapped in bacon ? 
  all that pork has to go * somewhere * . 
  i think you missed my point - the numbers i wrote were entirely made up , not facts . 
  which republican presidential candidate will work to curb co2 more , donald trump or ted cruz ? 
   actually ukraine opposes gay marriage more strongly than russia does huh ? 
  92 % compared to 91 % ? 
  gay marriage is eons away in both countries . 
  in russia doubly so , since it 's seen as western european degeneracy . 
  republicans and democrats are both quite divided on how to do foreign policy , and this is especially clear regarding the attitude towards russia . 
  no , i 'm saying that blaming the us for decisions in the 50 's is pointless today . 
  hey , i 'm pissed at the us for the invasion of iraq in 2003 , which further destabilized the region , but that anger is n't helping anyone . 
  back then everything was about the super-power competition with soviet . 
  a lot of bad things happened . 
  soviet forced eastern europe to stay under its boot , the us did similar things in south america and asia . 
  and the soviet occupation of afghanistan had similar ambitions - to prop up an ally . 
  yeah , do n't get your hopes up about trump , he 'll happily give russia half of ukraine in exchange for some oil/gas collaboration . 
  yup - and homophobia in ukraine is not as bad as it is in russia , but it 's basically the same attitudes sans the official - anti-homo legislation . 
  youth gangs that engage in theft and robbery have made the national news many times . 
  many comments in this thread are proposing to ban a major religion from their countries , in a reaction much like knee-jerk death punishment proposals . 
  yes . 
  but reading this thread , one would think that that is what / r/europe would want to do away with . 
  your second paragraph has nothing to do with merkel , and simply points out your lack of reasoning facilities . 
  yeah , lets airdrop food and tents on aleppo , i 'm sure that will help !, 
  arrested in eritrea often means slave labor for the rest of your life . 
  it 's not called the `` north korea of africa '' for naught . 
  it 's illegal for eritrean officials to hunt down swedish citizens to pay eritrean tax . 
  they do try , but it 's not sanctioned by the swedish state at all . 
  theft and burglary was never national news . 
  small towns in sweden are often kind of lame . 
  but even places like nyk\u00f6ping have * something * . 
  yup 95 % roma of romanian ( and bulgarian ) origin . 
  what i meant by `` does n't work anymore '' is that they have to provide the man with his own space . 
  this is all silly an archaic , but it 's the only way women can come together and practice their religion without having someone interpreting it for them . 
  name five apostasy killings in europe . 
  and in this thread there are obviously a few hundred uninformed men , debating the issue from a position of ignorance and malice . 
  absolutely amazing that no-one in this thread even understands the point . 
  mandated gender segregation in mosques makes this move entirely logical . 
  once they let even one man in , it does n't work any more . 
  so i think this is a bit weird too , but it 's definitely a step in the right direction . 
  honor killings are rarely ( if ever ) related to apostasy . 
  i 'm sure murder for apostasy is so rare in europe you cancount the instances on one hand . 
  even in sweden , some protestants are still against women priests , and have formed organisations to preserve conservative christian ideas . 
  freedom of religion is a quaint luxury we ca n't afford !, 
  the article has some good , nuanced points , while being full of small blunders and mistakes . 
  as for parental leave , yes , immigrants qualify , but if they do n't have registered a decent salary ( sgi ) , they wo n't get much ( 180 sek per day ) . 
  if other people in their household are pulling in good money , it will certainly be a nice bonus , but alone , parental leave without sgi will not bring in more cash than living on welfare . 
  why would it be the richest ? 
  small countries tend to vary more in gdp per capita than larger , for obvious statistical reasons . 
  a country of one person would also be 100 % dependent on foreign trade - or a hermit with negligible means . 
  childcare has been expanded , but cultural expectations and joint taxation are still in the way . 
  i do n't know how domestic german men are - in japan it 's definitely a factor that many young men still expect women to do 100 % of the housework . 
  well , that 's good . 
  is n't that pretty recent , though ? 
  combining a 70h/week career climbing phase with family is very hard . 
  a family i know where they did this had a sister of the mother work as a nanny . 
  another i know of had a canadian maid . 
  combining a more `` normal '' career with family is fully possible . 
  we 're doing it at home , a friend of mine is in the 99th percentile while his wife is in the 95th percentile - without nanny or any help . 
  maybe they have a 2h/week cleaning service , at most . 
  by that logic , the richest country should always consist of one person . 
  once you add another , they have to compete . 
  an economy encompasses all people . 
  if you add people , you also add demand for labor . 
  germany sucks for combining career with children , however . 
  if you have children you should be a hausfrau . 
  joint taxation does n't make it easier . 
  joint taxation and full-price childcare is enough to prevent a significant number of mother from having jobs .
