  it is also confirmed that they worked for the lleave campaign, 
  i mistook \u028c for a consonant , ha . 
  it does makes sense now , though . 
  sorry , i misread you . 
  yeah , watching journalfilmer , some of them really go for the fake stockholm accent instead of a less geographically defined dialect . 
  my wife conversed a bulgarian who does n't speak russian today . 
  my wife does n't know bulgarian , but knows polish , ukrainian and russian . 
  she said that that combination covers most of the ground . 
  thanks . 
  however , i 've never seen those phonetic characters before . 
  rikssvenska ! = stockholm dialect , but rikssvenska \u2248 s\u00f6rmland dialect true stockholm dialect does n't sound like rikssvenska . 
  yes , but not by anyone in this thread , which is my point, 
  any fair comparison is a man month of qualified work away , that 's what i 'm saying . 
   that could be quantified like all the other stats what about `` no '' ? 
  almost everything is about rape works different in sweden . 
  julian assagne would not be be charged for rape according to swedish law , for example . 
  100 rapes by the same person against the same victim is 100 rapes from 2004 in sweden , and so on . 
  of course it does . 
  sweden offers the opportunities of northern england , approximately . 
  yup , it 's a problem , for two reasons : 1 . 
  owning a gun is a crime , but buying and owning grenades have not been for a long time , due to a gap in the law . 
  organised crime . 
  our steel industry is at least looking to get rid of coal when making steel . 
  that 's 90 % of the co2 emissions right there . 
  it 's a long shot , however , making steel out of hydrogen and iron ore . 
  excellent explanation of the difference in how freedom is conceptualised and experienced in much of europe vs the us . 
  this is very interesting !, 
  20 feb was before yanukovich was ousted, 
   the more vocal atheists/anti-theists usually proffer as a substitute for humanity 's spiritual `` god-sized hole '' things like altruism , aesthetics , which they speak of as mystical and magical concepts , too have mundane scientific explanations that suggest they were/are evolutionary adaptations yeah , this certainly is problematic , since it tends to lead to cynicism and a generally crass outlook on life . 
  another take on atheism is to stay humble in front of the mystery of life and the universe , try and learn and experience , and see how complex and beautiful things nature and humans can create . 
  there are christians who believe in the same honor culture . 
  integration projects are usually a joke , yes . 
  integrated individuals abound , there are hundred of thousands of them . 
  no , these areas were built in the 60 's and 70 's for swedes . 
  in the 80 's people got richer and started to move out . 
  when the wars in yugoslavia led to a wave of immigrants , these areas had apartments available , basically . 
  as the number of foreigners grew , the communities changed and native swedes started to move out . 
  the finns got it right by not doing all the shit sweden did to its school system from 1975 and forward . 
  the dollar has gained 20 % or so on the euro . 
  this is why the gdp of us has caught up . 
  because dorudaka , aka strong dollar, 
  the solution is usually to make things stricter gradually , and give amnesty for past crimes, 
  skam is ok , though, 
  bulgaria should demand their own nda . 
  pis have been very busy changing the rules to benefit themselves . 
  yes , those damn metropolitan voters are voting for the other party . 
  this will not do !, 
  our last government was about to . 
  then 2014 happened , and it became obvious that it 's naive to treat russia like a friendly trading partner . 
  we recognise that we are not one of the primary targets , but we have strong ties to finland and the baltics . 
  next stop turkey, 
  germans , like schr\u00f6der , love nordstream i and nordstream ii , 
   unlike literally every other politician i 've ever seen elected they had plenty of resistance in house and senate . 
  the economist even labelled the republicans `` the party of no '' during obama 's first term . 
  no , no , no , filibuster . 
  that was their answer to everything . 
  republicans are falling in line behind trump and the outcome is going to be shit . 
  but those who believe that everything in life , politics and trade is a zero-sum game will continue to like him . 
  why should the eu even sit down with trump ? 
  fundamentally , he wants the eu to lose , because he thinks that everything that is bad for the eu is good for the us . 
  no you bloody would n't get a revolution going . 
  you nationalists would n't be able to handle the pushback , even if we left it to retirees . 
  i moderate a large subreddit that has made a number of controversial decisions throughout the years . 
  i also comment a lot on many topics . 
  yet the frequency of angry pm 's i get is about one per year . 
  zero of sexual character . 
  if i were a woman , it would be a lot different , i think . 
  india , then . 
  brazil is muddling through . 
  yes , but bush 's deluded invasion and `` nation-building '' in iraq was governed by ideology and stubbornness , and the events that followed , although not entirely a surprise , were not the intended outcome at all . 
  it 's the difference between stumbling and knocking down the vase vs lifting it up , putting on a smile , and dropping it to the floor . 
  no , the rise of russia did n't start until they started to expand east and south , and they got the upper hand over poland-lithuania : the last half of the 17th century . 
  `` some humans were born to be made examples of '' agree/disagree ? 
  it 's not something i agree with , and the opposite of a long western tradition of law . 
  i know perfectly well what they do . 
  the conditions on the two islands are horrible , inhumane . 
  the knew as much , that 's why they had gag orders from the very start . 
  i do agree it has prevented deaths on the sea , though . 
  thousands of poles got refugee in iran during ww2 , for example . 
  jews fled germany and were often denied asylum . 
  they were called such because of the debates where they would maintain that 1000 muslims would `` threaten their culture '' . 
  there are three things i see that 's common to all populists 1 . 
  anti-establishment 2 . 
  anti-expert / anti-elite 3 . 
  blames problems on a specific out-group, 
  the was still an uprising . 
  it 's hard to tell how it would have played out . 
  my god this is a silly argument . 
  the dollar is too strong rather than too weak . 
   politicians ~ ~ only ~ ~ care about staying in power yes . 
  companies also care about making money . 
  yet they seem to do it in different ways , no ? 
   that our political elites are making a uuuuge mistake in not enforcing a proper border control * sigh * . 
  border control is n't the issue for greece and italy . 
  the issue is that once people arrive on your coasts , it 's really , really hard to have them `` go home '' . 
   especially considering i have a cs background . 
  huh ? 
  twitter is for famous people . 
  if you 're so famous many people knows your context , things can actually be said in 140 characters . 
  sometimes the context can be large-scale events ( conflicts , protests ) .
