  muggings are unfortunately relatively common in malm\u00f6 . 
  but random violence ( of tourists , etc ) * is not * . 
  however , i 've lived for a year in malm\u00f6 and never had a problem . 
  not true . 
  erdogan is a democratic disaster , but the turkish economy has grown quite a bit since akp came to power . 
  unfortunately , much like pinochet , it is possible to improve the economy while crushing freedom . 
  this exactly - the worldly power of religion is real , and how people use religion to influence the life of others can not be out of bounds for critical review . 
  combative words are not fair players , though . 
  rudeness usually stifles debate and should n't be universally present . 
  the provoke emotion and inhibit rational debate . 
  sometimes they are necessary to ram through closed gates , however . 
   being rude , disrespectful or hateful is often just nuisible to the debate , to the discovering of truth and to our relations with each others . 
  yes . 
  what other posters have n't quite grasped about the freedom of speech and the freedom to insult is that `` speaking truth to power '' is important . 
  the heresy that matters is the one that shakes any uncritically given power to the church . 
  addressing the president or prime minister in a disrespectful way can point out how they have acted in error or overstepped their bounds . 
  likewise , most westerners see the infallibility of the quran as something silly , a source of information that needs to be scrutinized as thoroughly as any other source . 
  pissing people off for the heck of it has no inherit value . 
  just give everyone gifts all the time and you 're safe . 
  you 're not supposed to open the gift anyway . 
  this has n't been true , in general . 
  intolerance and inflexibility * was the norm * , more or less everywhere , before the 20th century . 
  so you believe people in the middle east are immune to the taste of freedom ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  * one part * of the solution is to let everyone who wants to participate in secular society in , without sending them to purgatory for their middle-eastern roots . 
  how would you get to know freedom in purgatory ( i.e. 
  as a second-class citizen ) ? 
  sure , that 's a better term . 
  i do believe in the 1948 declaration of human rights , and i think it 's scary how often it is challenged . 
  canada does n't do forced assimilation either . 
  it requires a free interpretation of the koran , instead of the prescribed literal interpretation . 
  i ca n't pull it out of my sleeve , but i do know that all european countries were quite religious in the 19th century . 
  there was an outrage when nietzsche proclaimed that `` god is dead '' , for example . 
  yes . 
  evolution and creation according to the koran can not be reconciled with a literal interpretation of the koran . 
  and the koran is infallible . 
  so evolution is out . 
  yes !, 
  it does n't agree at all with my previous knowledge of the topic , so by bayesian inference , i 'm ascribing a low probability of representativeness to it . 
  that data looks highly suspicious . 
  american settlers were often religious , but not all of them were religious in a organized way . 
  i think that demonstrates better record-keeping more than anything else . 
  ~ ~ do you believe in evolution , by the way ? 
  that humans are decedents from other primates that lacked the ability to talk ~ ~ ? 
  let me rephrase that . 
  do people in sudan generally believe in evolution ? 
  this is very interesting . 
  the call for a pan-arabic/pan-islamic caliphate is as much an ideology as something borne out of religion . 
  we do n't understand it in the west , but i think the best comparison is communism near its peak . 
  basically europe a hundred years ago . 
  just like some were willing to die for communist utopia , people are willing to die for caliphate utopia . 
  the fervor of the ideologies died in the 70 's / 80 's in europe , and we 've become profoundly secular and disillusioned when it comes to utopia . 
  thus we do n't understand the allure of the caliphate , not even by comparison . 
  the us prospered while remaining religious . 
  integrate ! = assimilate . 
  we do n't force immigrants to stop speaking their native tongue at home or to give up their customs . 
  we do expect them to adapt to & understand the main culture , though . 
  street university and the concerts , etc , up to the 19th were peaceful too . 
  agreed . 
  if you do that in sweden , you immediately lose your license . 
  we 've adapted , and most people are very aware of how much speeding it takes to lose your license . 
  germans do n't see speeding as a serious crime . 
  eh , if you use swedish `` the trip '' comes first , with passport as second . 
   and if that is not scary enough ww1 major players who started war were all close family . 
  apart from the fact that royal intermarriage never guaranteed peace in europe . 
  it was * after * the royal families of sweden and poland intertwined sweden started to wage war in poland on a regular basis , because , you know , casus belli and rightful ruler and all that crap . 
  as well strong anti-french and anti-german rhetoric ... 
  civil war used to be a common thing in europe a few hundred years a go too . 
  fratricide to secure the right to the throne , casus belli to invade turfs of land ( hello crimea ) , the execution of rebels and nobles in attempts to pacify the land ... history is n't as cyclical as some people claim . 
  yes , some people in the balkans managed to cling to violent nationalism for far too long . 
  have we all ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  thank you !, 
  i think those who downvoted me either assumed that i was a serbian nationalist , or a albanian nationalist . 
  i merely observed that no albanians or kosovars had been registered by that cencus in kosovo . 
  yes , for three months at a time . 
  after that , they need to show a history of economic activity . 
  the swedish police used to pick beggars off the streets until the early 90 's . 
  now we do n't , and no-one wants pull the trigger on forcing them away . 
  they do have the right to be in sweden . 
  some things about the events are clear , however : * there was a widespread famine , people were dying * there was food * those who could have helped , did n't * the party leadership were explicitly told not to help , because those who starved were enemies of communism, 
  international beggars , unfortunately . 
  if you want to know why the right-wing populist party is surging in sweden , you do n't have to look much further . 
  every swedish town with a supermarket has foreign beggars now . 
  geng geng genghis khan hey rider ho rider go rider let us follow geng geng genghis khan go brother drink brother dance brother, 
  yeah , it 's not as if the russian version of slavic culture leaves much room for the rest of the slavic people . 
  you forgot 50 % german . 
  sweden : ditto . 
  we 've already had a day with the parking lot covered in earth worms -, 
  nobody , except a few dissenting people in the moderates , wanted to spend on the military in 2006-2013 . 
  at the end of that period , it was clear the russia invested quite a lot in their military , but the swedish political elite was convinced that russia would strive to protect its trade relations with the west . 
  \\ + a lot of arms and 1/3 of our air force . 
  just the plane , though , not much on arms . 
  immigration costs a lot now , with upwards of 100,000 asylum seekers per year . 
  spread out over the last 25 years it 's not as significant . 
  not really . 
  i do n't think it would be irrelevant . 
  it 's one thing to bolster an existing , native force , and another to put the boots and tanks and artillery on the ground from afar . 
   that whole event with russian subs outside of sweden a few months ago would never have happened in denmark , as you could park a submarine within viewing distance of the danish parliament and only the fish would know that it was there . 
  yeah , i wonder why russia attacked that point in particular .
