  akp has skillfully used islamic populism to change turkey . 
  some aspects are good ( weakened the political influence of the military ) and many are bad . 
  if you want to see why military involvement in democracies are bad , just look to thailand . 
  ( egypt is a worse comparison , they just got a couple of semi-free election before the army took reign again ) . 
  it 's still a `` fuck you '' to everyone in ukraine who wants to orient more to the west . 
  how can you not see that ? 
  unfortunately , swedish on reddit does n't say anything . 
  there are plenty of doomsayers on here too . 
  `` catastrophe is imminent !, 
  let 's vote for the clowns to lead us ! '', 
  property prices , yes . 
  nothing else . 
  since rent is regulated , rental apartments do n't cost much more in the cities . 
  food is typically more expensive on the countryside . 
  i suspect south korea is scoring poorly because those pensioners were always poorer . 
  remember that up to the late 60 's , south korea was piss poor . 
  still , a country like norway , that is one of the richest in the world per capita , scores well in this list . 
  i suspect sweden scores poorly because we have more old people , simply put . 
   yeah , because literally nobody owns their house/apartment ( so they do n't spend money on rent ) or lives outside the major cities ( so their day-to-day expenses are far lower ) rural sweden , for example , is not cheap . 
  i do n't think rural switzerland is that cheap , either . 
  yeah , and plenty of finns have come to sweden to work . 
  i 've actually crossed that roundabout on foot , not really according to the rules , only to later understand how weird it is . 
  or swindon , despite its fabulous roundabout . 
  it 's not the uk , it 's london , tbh . 
  a swede is born free . 
  this includes travel and settling . 
  a better title would be appreciated . 
  does not have sweden . 
  i do n't follow . 
  thank you !, 
  some context and some very impressive reverse engineering . 
  canada does take a few refugees for humanitarian reasons too , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  the danes have been trying to scare people away , though . 
  for example , they have announced that they will confiscate valuables asylum seekers have , in order to pay for their application . 
  probably not that many , since most want to stay in germany anyway . 
  those unpopular politicians also acted once they understood that the numbers were happening , and not simply scaremongering . 
  not even sweden got 2 % in 2015 , officially . 
  we got about 1.6 % . 
  in * sweden * , social liberalism has won so many battles that the ideological vigor of the extended ideology now lies with radical feminists , anti-racists and hbtq-activists , that tend to be very left-wing and hard to stomach . 
  mainstream liberalism in sweden has a tendency to be on the defensive , its gains being attacked from many directions . 
  by vigor , i mean the ability to convert people into political struggle for the sake of this ideology . 
  for example , isis represents an abhorrent and very vigorous ideology . 
  social liberalism appears centrist and lukewarm for many swedes , and so most who want to make a difference in politics will choose something that feels more radical , be it progressive centered on minority rights , regressive centered on majority rights , anti-state or anti-capitalism . 
  it 's not solely built on that . 
  i agree that those ( language and tradition ) have value , but they are not enough on their own . 
  neither switzerland nor sweden are in nato  after 200 years of no war , we do n't expect to have to fight either . 
  career soldiers do have to be prepared to go abroad on semi-dangerous missions , however . 
  yeah , i agree , the system needs to be transparent . 
  however , it was quite easy to get out of service from 1995 and onward . 
  usually , you only had to tell the psychologist `` i wet my bed sometimes '' and you were out . 
  but if you resisted in the `` wrong '' way , you could get in real trouble . 
  in 2005 , though , only a handful ( < 10 ) were fined for `` totalv\u00e4gran '' , which i think was a refusal to go to the conscription office at the set date . 
  yup , voluntary segregation is and will be a major problem in sweden . 
  conscription would extremely likely involve civilian , non-fighting roles . 
  that 's what it did the last ten years , anyway . 
  that 's the question . 
  for many , it 's built on social liberalism & social democracy , welfare and solidarity . 
  but social liberalism is an old ideology that lacks vigor . 
  social democracy has similar problems . 
  meanwhile , ethnocentric movements are gaining ground at the same time there 's a significant minority ( ~ 10 % ) that have little cultural attachment to sweden and risk becoming long-term outsiders , like many french of north african origin . 
  ah , you were raised to have a strong distrust of the state . 
  that 's where you come from . 
  yes , the swedish political system involves a lot of trust in the state , and that can seem uncalled for . 
  so far , we have had mostly good public services , though , and that 's rarely possible without trust . 
  for example , i can compare how the swedish tax office works with swedish small companies , vs how the ukrainian tax office works with ukrainian small companies . 
  the difference is like night and day . 
  also , the largest loss is the decrease in trade with russia . 
  ukraine is at war with it 's largest trading partner , basically . 
  the swedish state is not innocent , but its crimes are comparable to those of other democracies . 
  meanwhile , many communist states killed a significant percentage of their population for ideological reasons . 
  you lack perspective . 
  just install plex and stream to your phone  it even allows syncing . 
  there are people ( like me ) who think that mandatory service , if made meaningful , can build bridges over the social classes and improve the level of trust in society . 
  the gains of higher trust and lower social strife are enormous , and now sweden is not a country built ( edit : solely ) on language , ethnicity and tradition anymore . 
  this is in no way hyperbole . 
  / s sweden is extreme in some aspects , yes - individual expression and secularism . 
  if you think sweden has the `` worst aspects of totalitarian communism '' i 'm not sure we live in the same country or have read the same history books . 
  when did we slaughter 1/3 of our population for the crime of having a university degree ? 
  more honest and less knowledgeable . 
  / r/sweden memes ( king of the forest ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/3h6t0j/swedish_special_forces/ memes ( hate the dane ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/3vrbsi/swedish_cops_on_brooklyn_nine_nine_telling_it/ accidental memes ( / r/sweden vs / r/watches ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/3dai6o/hey_rsweden_i_think_i_speak_for_most_of_reddit/ 2015 was the year of fuktiga mejmejs . 
  people who are worried enough about snooping to regularly use countermeasures do n't decide where the bulk market goes . 
  losers lose . 
  yeah , people only remember the travel bans . 
  there are financial restrictions in place too , and this is a consequence of those . 
  some wanted to live in a secular liberal democracy . 
  these guys were probably pumped full with lies and half truths about sweden . 
  heh , i tried to explain , on reddit , that damascus and syria was a pretty good place for tourists to go to before the war ( in 2010 ) . 
  and that the middle class in syria had it ok in terms of living standard . 
  my comment was n't met with much understanding . 
  swedetown in rockford is one example . 
  very lutheran , very conservative . 
  yeah , the sigismund line gave * casus belli * . 
  a great system , was n't it ? 
  i ` ts actually the same with swedish people living in the us . 
  some descendants of swedes are ridiculously conservative and religious . 
  i thought you were joking . 
  anomaly is the terminology that climate scientists use to denote things that are off the mean . 
  eu is in on this too . 
  i 'm in the eu . 
  i work at an european steel company .
