  this reminds me of stereolab . 
  austria and australia had quite different songs . 
  australia 's was better . 
  do n't the protesters say 200k ? 
   the u.k. 
  does n't try to win , which is just how it should be . 
  really ? 
  if all participants strived to lose the show would die in a few years . 
  inform : explain what the law and cultural norms on sexuality are in sweden . 
  discuss the implications . 
  the issue is n't that it does n't work , but that it would challenge your core values if it did . 
  the view on homosexuality has changed radically in some countries the last 30 years , for example . 
  and it would n't have happened unless a large group of adults changed their mind too, 
  the main point is n't to change , but inform . 
  i 'm glad you have all the answers , mr know-it-all, 
  old eurovision was also about to die from becoming a genre of its own , out of contact with contemporary music . 
  no , no , it was pity votes , all of it . 
  you mean donbas front, 
  http://i.imgur.com/ycjbvlo.jpg this image could be wrong , though . 
  median wealth . 
  not average . 
  exactly . 
   generally does not in most countries 9/11 ? 
  he struck a truce with the wildings and let them cross the wall . 
  switzerland, 
  france and germany are pretty tight ... but not culturally . 
  it 's more a sense of cultural similarity than anything else . 
  wealth , not gdp, 
  she was certainly boring on stage . 
  one of the best songs , though . 
  median wealth map had iceland at $ 180,000 , more than norway , less than switzerland . 
  ( luxembourg may beat them both , though ), 
  portugal will never win , either . 
  the crux of the matter is that you have to present a song that a substantial minority of people most countries in europe can appreciate . 
  at least you 're second most wealthy in europe  buy some swedes to write for you . 
  why do you think i quoted the `` the '' ? 
  some things about eurovision : * voting for your friendly neighbour is a thing . 
  both for the jury and the public . 
  * political voting happens , but usually does n't dominate * one reason to have jury voting as well is that it 's much harder to hack ( votes have been hacked or spoofed many times in this sort of context ) * some countries do n't give a shit and it shows . 
  those that do give a shit usually have several qualifying national shows . 
  * swedish people make up some 20 % of the content . 
  * at least half of people simply vote on the songs the like best , regardless of where it 's from . 
  pop sensibilities differ , though , italy and sweden represent two opposite poles , contemporary versus traditionalist . 
  greece had a woman singing . 
  no , synthpop is getting mainstream . 
  blanche 's song was darker than e.g. 
  norway 's contribution , but still part of a new mainstream . 
  i thought she sounded a bit like the band austra . 
  he also performed in crimea after the annexation . 
  yeah , i think this is why isaiah ( aus ) did so poorly in the public voting . 
  one of the five songs i liked best . 
  winners rarely proclaim themselves `` saviours of music '' . 
  there are a few exceptions , erik saade would have thought that if he had won . 
  if you think eurovision is about `` the '' truth , you 're clearly only scratching at the surface . 
  by the look on her face , she was neither expecting it , or appreciating it . 
  what ? 
  i think the visuals from inception was the best thing with the french song . 
  uk 's contribution was a lot better . 
  except that ... these are pop musicians , professionals , who mostly enjoy what they do , and get paid well to do it . 
  nope , eurovision has a history of pure jury voting . 
  and now you 've lost it . 
  not only to boost their chances , but to gain an international audience . 
  or because they usually do . 
  in sweden , 3/4 of all artists sing in english already . 
  if you 've heard one yodel you 've heard them all , i guess . 
  the yodelling was 100 % cliche , the kind that you would try to emulate if someone asked you what yodelling sounds like . 
  it 's ... only partially their fault . 
  i 've performed somewhere over the rainbow for an audience ( eons ago ) , and no , it is n't the same song . 
  i agree . 
  but if you 're outside of the pop music scene , this is what many think . 
  subgenre metal is similarly elitist . 
  it was a good pop song , perfectly executed . 
  i think australia deserved 50-100 , but others obviously disagreed . 
  except spain getting more votes than australia, 
  stockholm city paid 11 million euro , and the broadcasting organisation about the same . 
  so why is portugal winning ? 
  it was several entries , 5-7 or so, 
  yodel off my face, 
  yeah , but the property is n't worth that much . 
  cars are just a hole to through your cash in . 
  property and land are the two main vehicles of wealth, 
  i have n't seen this as largely condoned outside isis territory . 
  it 's certainly something you can use for rationalisation , which is bad enough , but it 's hardly accepted in mixed communities . 
  yup , and much of this is down to malleable cultural attitudes . 
  it 's a culture where it 's much more accepted that girls and women without male guardian are fair game . 
  what should cause social ostracism and criminal prosecution , instead becomes an embarrassment that is covered up . 
  one recalls pedophilia and the catholic church . 
  if i were to live in japan , and there was a class on how disgusted japanese are by pda , maybe i would adjust my behaviour , in order to fit in better . 
  immigrants to sweden from muslim countries are often perplexed by our gender relations . 
  with education , this gap can be bridged for some people . 
  one important theme to make clear is that in sweden , women 's sexuality is their own , and their `` honor '' is defended by themselves and the state . 
  is it na\u00efvet\u00e9 to stick to the research that says that the more you know about a culture , the more you understand and respect it ? 
  the pew research that someone posted in this thread says exactly this . 
  where christianity is better known by muslims , it 's also more respected . 
  please stop what ? 
  do you believe modern , secular values are so frail and unconvincing that they ca n't be explained to adults ? 
  one could imagine a whole other feedback where participants are hostile to the teachers or quit early . 
  this was n't the case , as far as i know . 
  if you 're willing to spend time listening about the social norms regarding sexuality in a new country which challenges your old , that 's certainly a tangible first step , no ? 
  would you be able to politely listen to a e.g.
