  it was in / r/politics , after all , a devisive subreddit where opinion is king . 
  cia were very busy in the cold war . 
  i would n't expect an open discussion on what exactly government spies are doing anywhere , though , because they 're spies after all . 
  also , the context of the posts has to be taken into account . 
  american aiding a coup in iran in 1953 does not make it right for the us or russia to do the same today . 
  yeah , that 's likely part of the reason oppositional views are allowed at all in russian magazines or on the internet , etc. 
  on the other hand , they control internal opinion with an iron fist . 
  with the russian media and social media pressure only a handful people in moscow and st petersburg dare hold oppositional views and voice criticism . 
  i 've followed the situation in ukraine vary closely , with plenty of first-hand information , and i 've come to the opposite conclusion . 
  a strong , independent ukraine is the last thing russia wants . 
  what major invasion did russia suffer between the end of the napoleonic wars and wwii ? 
  as for invasions , all of europe has suffered through many , and why do n't we let poland create a buffert zone ? 
  they , if any nation needs it . 
  broken dreams , likely . 
  those that plan to come back usually like the lifestyle - cheap living and plenty of outdoor hobbies . 
  in the north , it 's scooters , in the south there are other motor sports , and horses . 
  there was a coup in crimea before the referendum was called too . 
  the partitioning of poland seems like a more relevant example . 
  yeah , ( fortunately and ) unfortunately . 
  nationalism as in one people ( ethnicity , language , culture , religion ) makes for a potentially very stable base for a country , and for democracy . 
  when europe was ruled by empires , there were regularly conflicting claims , and some countries got to exist and other did n't . 
  there were also failed empires , such as the holy roman empire , that mostly spanned german princedoms and cities . 
  as for wars , nationalism did n't really make them worse , europe before nationalism was constantly ravaged by wars and the 19th century ( after the napoleonic wars ) was a lot more peaceful than the times before it . 
  democracy ? 
  yeah , it usually works best when you care about how everyone in the country is affected by the actions of the government , and common nationality helps with that . 
  the real downside is that nationalism allows for even greater persecution of people that has no nation , such as the jews before 1948 . 
  some claim that * ideas , ideals , or ideology * can build a country , but i 'd say this is only an exception that applies to north america , because of the annihilation of the territorial claims of the natives , and a culture defined by immigrants with common goals but different ancestry . 
  present russia is based on russian people , language , culture and religion , while china is based on han chinese people , language and culture . 
  so the difference is only that china has no endorsed religion and is wary of influential religious institutions . 
  by itself, 
  unfortunately , nationalism has been a successful unifying force in many countries over the last 200 years . 
  to dismiss it would be unwise . 
  that 's * exactly * what it is . 
  it 's belarus that 's split in the middle . 
  stale thread but anyway : sweden embraces `` liberal '' values such as multiculturalism , tolerance , transparency , democracy , freedom of press and expression , gender equality , religious and sexual freedom . 
  none of these are terribly important for the putinists of russia . 
  for example , sweden embraces gay rights , russia shuns it . 
  sweden encourages feminist values , russia encourages masculinity over the right to `` be yourself '' and `` pursue your interests '' . 
  but how much ng does finland use ? 
  ideologically , russian media treats sweden as its biggest enemy . 
  if the us is the antagonist , the on to match strength with , sweden is used as an example of western values gone overboard . 
  that sweden and the other nordic countries are doing quite fine is not something you want to admit officially in russia . 
  exactly , and the ukrainian economy is more similar to that of the baltic states a few years ago than greece . 
  the amount of debt in the ukrainian economy is quite small , because they never had access to cheap credit . 
  the us is doing better than the eu on average , but the positive figures from japan come after two decades of nearly no growth . 
  south korea will likely hit a wall soon , the economy is maturing and the birthrate is abysmal - they 're set to become japan 2 . 
   all social spending cut not exactly true . 
  ukraine has a budget problem , but the size of the whole is not that the kind of whole greece or portugal had the time to build up . 
  do you think austerity was made up because of some sort of capitalistic sadism ? 
  there were heap loads of loans that could n't be paid , and so imf and the ecb helped providing loans * well below market rate * with demands for budget reform in the other end . 
  when the swedish real estate market crashed and our banks all but collapsed in 1991 , we had to swallow a similar bitter medicine . 
  in the aftermath , we had to beg the markets to cover our budget deficit . 
  this is the shit that goes down when a country is on the brink of default . 
  i do n't think that 's how most people see it . 
  i have family in ukraine , i do n't give a shit about what the american side is , just that we want ukraine to become a free and prosperous democracy , and that is not in putin 's interest . 
  * ding ding ding * putin knows that the west will not go to war for crimea , so he lies , gives some bullshit casus belli , just so western trading partners can say `` it 's complicated '' and put on a limited show of displeasure . 
  then he 's carefully metering the response to see how much the west will protest if he would try to claim more territory in ukraine/moldavia/etc . 
  meanwhile , the swedish far right is anti-russian , since this is the historical stance . 
  i do n't quite get it , because ties with organized crime is n't connected to language . 
  i 'm thinking of aksyonov here . 
   the sad part is that stuff like this , where people in power looking for ways to stay in power , happen everywhere . 
  in every country in every country where power can be concentrated into a single person 's hands for longer than a decade . 
  and so americans do not need seat belts . 
  understood . 
  you 're right . 
  gas stoves are not very rare in stockholm . 
  even these days , getting a gas stove/electrical oven combo is popular among the upper-middle class . 
  ah , that 's probably right . 
  did n't you guys burn birka as well ? 
  denmark and norway had nothing to do with it , russia clearly belongs to sweden ( \u00f6stvikingar ) . 
  denmark and norway can have gb and northern france . 
  in addition , crimean parliament had announced that an independent crimea would seek to join russia too . 
  ukraine has some ability to defend itself , but on crimea the russians secured strategic parts of the peninsula before the ukrainian forces could react . 
  there 's also the wariness of escalating first , which would play into russian propaganda and risk a full-scale war . 
  so the ukrainian forces are ordered to sit still and be stick to their claim to the territory , while russia is using pressure to remove them without opening fire . 
  this attack seems more direct , though . 
   and for what ? 
  an adventure carried out in anger and annexation of a peninsula with little economic value and a port that is useless if turkey get pissed , which the turks may do if the tartars in crimea are mistreated . 
  if you think russia 's ambitions stop with crimea , think again . 
  iraq 's standing forces were also disproportionally large . 
  not to say the russians forces are in as bad shape , but that nominal size is not always the deciding factor . 
  exactly , no-one knows how to end such a war . 
  otoh russia is an economy of a size in between italy and gb , so it ca n't expect to stand against nato , of nato puts all of its weight behind a military intervention . 
  the winner has to have a limited scope . 
  an interesting difference may be that an `` unconditional surrender '' would be hard to achieve against a nuclear power with its capabilities for destruction intact . 
  enjoy your tax money well spent !, 
  it 's about as reliable as the competition that has been in service for the same amount of time . 
  but the swiss do n't want an airforce , so it 's moot anyway :-p, 
  that 's mainly a general money problem with the small defence budget , not an engineering problem with the jet . 
  sweden is by far the smallest economy developing a modern fighter jet on its own . 
  that 's why it 's expensive and why we 're desperate to sell it . 
  jas gripen is far too expensive to develop and make just for sweden . 
  basically , the belarussian economy is being propped up by russia . 
  cheap oil and gas is a major income for belarus - they by at soviet prices and sell refined products at market price . 
  i think that 's why klitshko does n't want to be in it . 
  you 've got it backwards , gripen is about the only * good * thing about the swedish military ( it 's also by far the most expensive thing ) . 
  up til recently we 've had decent submarines too , but now that 's sold out to germany . 
  exactly , who was the first russian politician to visit the `` liberated '' crimea ? 
  zhirinovsky , russias own ultra-nationalist . 
   i 'm not sure why you 're bringing up novgorod .
