  there 's the thought of `` public service '' with a goal of combating stupidity . 
  public service media sometimes has trouble navigating controversial subjects , however . 
  this is where dissent grows . 
   or they found the perps , but they were related to someone important , i.e. 
  a government official . 
  this seems likely in this case . 
  a couple of years ago . 
  i admit that the context was a trip to chechniya , or at least that part of russia , far from moscow . 
  western reporters ( including swedish ) , have been beaten up in very strange circumstances . 
  in one case , they were sitting on a bus , stopped by `` bandits '' , beat up , but then allowed to carry on to their destination . 
  official investigation came to nothing . 
   do we really think that europeans are too stupid to figure out what is blatant propaganda ? 
  yes . 
  the alt-right crowd in sweden are spoon feed hit pieces against everything the local establishment seem to represent , and they lick it up like a cat drinks milk . 
  you 're right , and such a deal is a important thing , considering there are hundred of thousands of asylum seekers from afghanistan in europe recently . 
  we fly them to kabul , they stop the people at the airport and refuse them entry . 
  big clusterfuck . 
  before the 90 's , deportation was usually easier , because there was a general consensus on taking people back in . 
  this consensus has eroded now . 
  there is fraud , yes . 
  but you do n't send the kid everyone think is 15 for extensive age testing . 
  also , sweden has been looking at delayed deportation ( you 're 17 now , but you 'll be deported when you turn 18 ) , which is a pretty strong measure and not exactly popular with the left . 
  the main problem is that many countries , especially afghanistan , do not want their refugees back . 
  we 're ( we as in * everyone * ) about to create another generation of millions of people nobody wants . 
  please do n't quote globalnews . 
  this ignores the fact that for many , especially the average and mediocre , learning is a deeply social thing . 
  singapore schools do very well , and they also seem to be very focused on the classroom . 
  they have this idea : `` how do we maximise the amount of time our students are deeply engaged in the subject at hand , in each and every class ? '', 
  and `` how do we remove sources of disruption ? '', 
  individualised education works best , i think , when there 's no motivation problem to solve . 
  they are allowed to run around , of course . 
  well , many schools in sweden have banned snowball fights during the breaks ( recess ) , for example . 
  the reason is the risk that someone mixes in grovel and hits another in the eye . 
  look at all activity and forbid everything that can lead to harm , and suddenly all physical excitement has also been removed . 
  yeah , i 'm a parent , and this is one of my stink tests . 
  schools that allow the kids to scream and jump around are detrimental to the children . 
  last year was exceptionally warm in eastern sweden , so probably in western finland too . 
  agreed . 
  sweden has suffered from discussion-hampering levels of pc , while denmark happily identifies itself as `` a tribe '' . 
  and if a swede living in denmark should find themselves a non-native dane , they ca n't marry in denmark . 
  you all know which subreddit that title belongs to . 
  shitposting outside of reddit is another story . 
  yes , i agree that schools that disallow all ways of expressing aggressive play , physical activity ( especially years 1-9 ) and competition will disfavor boys . 
  the trick is to figure out how to give ( some ) boys more room to be themselves without allowing them to ruin the experience for everyone else . 
  loud classrooms are already a problem . 
  sweden did horribly in 2012 , less horribly this time . 
  it 's the same in sweden . 
  i think the problem is cultural : boys do n't care about school , and having good grades is almost detrimental to your social status . 
  an ex-turkish social democrat , a member of the swedish government , resigned because he was seen with at a dinner with grey wolves leadership , among other people . 
  the fool claimed innocence . 
  as in `` i did n't know who i was sitting next to '' . 
  hmm , okay , i thought ataturk was extremely nationalist !, 
  mhp is a kemalist party . 
  they care more for turkey stronk than democracy . 
  chp seems to be the most `` western '' party . 
  expat turks that do n't vote akp are a welcome change , though . 
  not controlled fusion . 
  there are many , many small steps on the way . 
  hydrogen bombs are fusion in action , but they are not controlled reactions . 
  stable containment has been the main issue since the 60 's . 
  populism = the politics of promises and action from the gut , without analysis . 
  proposing what sounds good , such as `` three strikes and you 're out '' , or laws that limit the freedom of unpopular minorities . 
  yeah , just like trump will understand climate change . 
  i 'm not getting my hopes up . 
  eh , ca n't distinguish the two . 
  `` clinton behind bars '' , `` podesta is a child molester '' , `` this woman is disgusting '' , and so on . 
  trump got a little more votes in a handful of the key states . 
  now he 's even claiming election fraud since he lost the ( meaningless ) popular vote . 
  i give you that those who voted for trump did n't trust the media that berated him in the first place , so all that negative exposure may not have done much more than a few more votes on the coasts . 
  yeah , some establishment papers such as the economist do n't like the reform much , because they see the upper house as a place to put corrupt officials without exposing them to elections ( it would become a house of lords , basically ) . 
  see ukraine trade deal referendum , right ? 
  i think the us should apologize for the annexation of crimea . 
  it 's thanks to tv\u00e5ngssvenska anyway . 
  you 're working hard to get out of this top position . 
  right , except there 's a sizable group in the tories around theresa may that seem happy about little england at the rudder , with a narrowly-defined `` we '' and closed borders . 
  a tory for some of the ukip voters , basically . 
  beaten by kazakhstan !, 
  how does it feel ? 
  danish coins are funny , with holes and all , so that makes sense to me . 
  many claim it 's not the same `` rus '' , however . 
  i think it has less to do with marriage and more to do with women better at taking care of themselves when living alone ( on average !, 
  for longevity , marriage means more for men than women , on average . 
  eastern europe too . 
  you will leave the doctor 's office with a prescription for some antibiotics and vitamins , regardless of your diagnosis , it seems . 
  yeah , finns seem to overprescribe . 
  a visiting nato officer is a military buildup , do n't you know ? 
  i realise now that no-one understood what my point was . 
  it 's in the context of a modern democracy . 
  the idea is at least a thousand years old as a relative of * habeas corpus * . 
  hmm , there 's absolutely something in that too . 
  but progress from ww2 has sprung from this belief . 
  the belief that each life has a value is what brought us this far . 
  once you take it away , most momentum to improve society is gone . 
  kids and parents are surprisingly engaged gender police . 
  `` no , you ca n't do that , you 're a boy/girl ! '', 
  is such a common uttering . 
  or a fairly good espresso killed with fake cream and syrup . 
  implying old_faraon was n't both , 
  can you get `` nutty '' nordic cheese in france ? 
  the problem in japan is that good cheese is expensive , so they usually make shit pizza .
