it 's a bit more complicated than that - the nazis manage to round up and shoot many ukrainian jews . 
  the germans did n't have time to continue with the next step - relocating a large part of the ukrainians , and they had suffered during the forced collectivization that happened just ten years before the war . 
  when in doubt , take a deep breath and sing `` we shall overcome '' . 
  that 's more sad than funny - most old people do lament their friends dying before them . 
  pensel in swedish too , funny how this supposedly is old french . 
  it 's about standard for ukrainian elections . 
  why you do n't want to be extras in our russia-centric manifest destiny ? 
  we 'll even get your most obedient politicians a cookie once in a while !, 
  yeah , [ turning torso ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-egvvz-nxuz0/t_fuwo5tjsi/aaaaaaaaatm/ijhjzvnmsky/s1600/sweden_turning_torso_desktop_1181x1501_wallpaper-428859.jpg ) in malm\u00f6 was at a time regarded as a scandal and a dud because of running over the budget , but now it 's ful of tenants and making a tidy profit . 
  about an apartment on manhattan :  it 's conveniently located near nothing interesting . 
  yeah , right . 
  it 's on manhattan , tell people that nothing on manhattan is interesting ... 
  hmm , maybe i should have gone to germany to work for osram , after all . 
  that and he 'd rather throw the country into a hopeless civil war than talk to what started out as peaceful protests . 
  1950-1970 saw homosexuality become legal - 1970-1990 turned it into something more normal and accepted . 
  sonyericsson had a great start , they made great 2004-2006 era phones . 
  but they were even less prepared to take the next step than nokia , even though this helped them to adapt android faster ( no alternative ) . 
  email , and custom-built corporate websites . 
  i agree - nokia had great niche devices for internet , but they never had appeal beyond the travelling professional . 
  meego , which they abandoned , and clinging to symbian os , which everyone outside networking and telephone modem construction hated . 
  nokia ( and ericsson and others ) did not really understand the impact of the commodisation of the cell phone modem . 
  making a compact mobile phone had become so easy that you could focus on the other parts of the phone , turn it into a computer with a touchscreen and a phone . 
  apple and android struggle with making an os that facilitated phone calls without problems , but once they had that figured out , they were already leagues ahead of symbian os . 
  it would be more apt to compare with the japanese . 
  what mengele did was n't exactly sop . 
  hmm , even with all the students ? 
  interesting . 
  there will be pointless posturing about palestine and gaza , and waving the finger at the us , while actions by russia will be met by silence , timidity or confusion . 
  bildt was definitively a us-aligned foreign-policy hawk ( and it was n't he who discarded his party 's stand on bolstering the defense budget ) , so maybe not very representative of sweden in general . 
  i think he was a voice europe needed , however . 
  is that yellow area in the south krakow ? 
  i 'm going to disagree with you guys , i find them cool . 
  the other side is good-looking , but also boring . 
  just recognize same-sex marriage , already . 
  a little bit of your peace probably stems from a `` do n't ask , do n't tell , pretend it 's not happening '' - attitude . 
  that would be breaking a lot of contracts , however . 
  yeah , due to the heavy use of spiked tires in winter , we use an asphalt type that has a lot of grovel mixed in . 
  after a few months of use , it 's not very quiet anymore . 
  the point is , there are different types of asphalt too . 
  i 've been in a car in norway , carrying a trailer , on such a road . 
  we ended up with a broken transmission . 
  this was in the 80 's , but still . 
  i agree . 
  you do n't miss the cow until it 's gone . 
  greeks are dealing with a shit economy now , it 's bad and it encourages putting the blame on those around that are trying to deal with the mess . 
  those who covered up the holes in the hull are far from everyone 's mind now . 
  that 's an easy claim to make , but does it come with an alternative ? 
  as i see it , our politicians on the nation level are involved in decisions on the macro level that are quite blunt by necessity . 
  while i agree that some decisions are being made from a `` statist '' viewpoint and not the will of the people , i also think that * most * do reflect a reasonable approximation of what the majority wants . 
  you want to make great windfalls ? 
  take great risks , or manage a fortune prudently for a few decades . 
  especially by people already quite positive towards the eu . 
  the evil troika wants to kill greece , that 's why . 
  he did the `` cut-and-spend '' thing , and set up the government for a huge deficit . 
  in 2003/2004 you were barely safe as an american in sweden if you said you had voted for bush . 
  russians are whining about how it 's unfair that starting a war in ukraine makes them unpopular . 
  well , americans were quite unpopular in europe during bush too , and he ordered an attack on a dictator in the middle east , not a peaceful european country . 
  the game is all about pulling out in time . 
  same goes for china . 
  i do n't think they counted that , or we would 've soundly beaten all of benelux . 
  that 1.6 is all from asian immigrants , 
  an ex-colleague of mine is dutch and he speaks swedish , german , english and dutch fluently . 
  as does his wife . 
  well , we had non-idiots in charge , but we decided to vote them out :(, 
  lack of statistics is more likely, 
  yeah , obviously , when you go back more than a 100-150 years or so , you 'd restrict it to a single line ( in this case my mother father 's family and my father 's father ) . 
  7.5 kg of tea ? 
  that 's something . 
  if you have one cup per day , that 's less than 1 kg in a year . 
  fresh , delicious water ? 
  nah , screw that . 
  perhaps not the full extent of it , but both my father 's heritage and my mother 's heritage has been quite thoroughly researched by my uncle . 
  i 'm as swedish as they get , my claim to foreign blood would be at least 300 years old ( and likely walloon in that case ) . 
  but my wife is ukrainian ( 3/4 ukrainian 1/4 russian ) , and my children are being taught russian from her . 
  maybe some ukrainian later . 
   i solve the problems on my way , which is often 10 times faster , but involves little risks to my personal health . 
  this is the most slavic statement i 've seen this month . 
  unfortunately , add in a pinch of racism , and those who are not blut-und-boden will sometimes feel like outsiders . 
  i 'm not talking about currently , i 'm talking about 2012-2013 , which is what 's relevant in this case . 
  and nobody is fighting in syria . 
  denmark managed to increase their co2 output with a stagnating economy , that 's something . 
  2013 : unfavorable winds over denmark , apparently . 
   theses celebrities allowed their files to be uploaded and did n't even try to take them off . 
  what ? 
  of course they can try to sue apple or whomever . 
  i am skeptic to putting stuff on the cloud as well ( for other reasons ) , but the fine print will have paragraphs on third party use . 
  that is , something like `` third parties will not have access to your personal data '' . 
  but somehow your call was recorded anyway . 
  or your email intercepted . 
  in a certain regard , saying that it 's expected that cloud stuff is leaked to the public is similar to saying that it 's expected that someone comes and steals from your postbox or bank deposit . 
   is instilling this inhibition a major goal in sweden ? 
  why ? 
  nope , but disciplinary violence had been forbidden across the bord for adults , and for kids in school , so the next logical step was to forbid it altogether . 
  no-one is allowed to see your icloud-stuff either . 
  it 's well established that exposure to violence will ( in the general case ) * reduce inhibition * towards using violence . 
  the conundrum is illustrated like this : little wanda hits sister amanda . 
  parent slaps wanda and says `` behave wanda , we have a no hitting rule in our family ! '', 
  i think putin is doing a lot of `` push , wait , watch response '' . 
  right now he 's waiting to see the fallout of the ukrainian campaign and the coming winter , simply providing some help to kill off the ukrainian troops left in the donetsk airport . 
  if the eu countries are too eager to go back to business as usual , expect to see another push .
