  only about five reactors are online today in japan . 
  one plant is going to be decommissioned because of the risks of an earthquake . 
  still , the one in 2011 about as bad as it could get , nearly the perfect storm for japanese nuclear power . 
  yet the tsunami itself killed tens of thousands , while a handful have been killed by radiation . 
  and i 'm not in the nuclear camp , i think it 's getting too expensive . 
  however , deaths at coal/gas/oil plants are regularly written off as tragic local accidents with no implications for those industries . 
  interesting !, 
  any estimates of the risks of anything happening this century ? 
  nothing terrifying , if they 're built according to regulations since 40 years or so . 
  even wtc in ny had regulations for aircraft collisions , but they did not account for the size and fuel of a 747 . 
  germans : quick , shutdown nuclear before fukushima repeats itself here !, 
  ( apart from the little difference of 0 % chance of tsunami and 0 % chance of a major earthquake ), 
  all ages . 
  stop talking out of your ass , it 's actually very similar in sweden . 
  the punishments around drug use ( as opposed to distribution ) are not that harsh, 
  `` 30 dagsb\u00f6ter f\u00f6r eget bruk '' : heavy fine if the drugs found on you are obviously for personal use . 
  prisons sentences are exclusively for distribution . 
  ... and i would n't call disinformation campaigns an example of soft power . 
  cia/kgb-type of activity is something else . 
  an example : russian soft power in ukraine was having an audience to broadcast anti-euromaidan propaganda to ( a majority of ukrainians watched russian channels regularly in 2013 ) . 
  the propaganda itself was n't soft power . 
  the lines get blurry , of course , but i see soft power more of a platform rather than the operations that exploits this platform . 
  they 're 90 % antagonistic . 
  have they succeeded somewhat in making citizens of foreign countries distrust their own governments and media ? 
  yes , somewhat . 
  have they succeeded in making people look up to russia ? 
  hardly . 
  soft power is per definition opposed to hostile activities . 
  soft power would be russia successfully promoting russia as a country to look up to . 
  the russian influence we 're seeing is hostile - fomenting dissent and distrust in other nations . 
  youth unemployment is low due to an abundance of unprotected hourly contracts . 
  japan is a lot more like germany in this regard, 
  there 's a lot more going on than that . 
  living standards for young people have dropped , since it 's getting harder and harder to find regular employment ( as opposed to temp work paying y950-1150 an hour ) . 
  then you have post-stimulus economies like japan , that are caught in 20 + years of economic rut . 
  i think economists ( including blyth ) at best can account for half of what 's going on . 
  oh , yeah , i remember when sweden did that , we lost a decade of development in stagflation . 
  this can be the outcome , yes . 
  but many countries have reconstructed their public spending and come out stronger from it . 
  if you increase public debt enough , you 're either a special economy that can print its own money ( the us , essentially ) , or your public debt is going into the hands of international finance . 
  g\u00f6ran persson , a swedish social democrat , has described the agony of going abroad and begging for loans to cover the holes in the state budget . 
  once you 're in debt , austerity is n't a choice anymore , it 's the only way to avoid default . 
  japan is in trouble , but they 're borrowing from their own citizens and companies , nearly all of it . 
  they 're not in the grasp of international lenders . 
  ( in japan , private debt ( household debt is 65 % of gdp ) and company debt is lower than in most other advanced economies ), 
   the real goal of austerity is fundamentally about enriching the corporate elite . 
  it really is n't . 
  ( national ) debt as a % of gdp ca n't go up forever , and when it reaches the 80-90 % mark national sovereignty is getting more and more limited . 
  reckless austerity should be avoided , but ironically , you have to limit deficit spending first to be able to increase it later , if your debt-to-gdp ratio is high already . 
  this does n't mean that all turks are imperialist , however . 
  it simply means that they have a national superiority complex , much like some other nations . 
  the closest example would be hong kong . 
  it 's not all that liberal , though . 
  benevolent dictatorships are anomalies . 
  some may even start out quite well , then descend into something quite different . 
  it 's the difference between formal declarations of war and surprise wars . 
  why are all poles fleeing poland ?? 
  niger is also quite small , with 19 million people . 
  in israel there 's a siege mentality because of the constant conflict with palestinians ( war will increase birth rates ) and demographically significant groups that engage in two things : reading religious texts and having children . 
   help is needed in terms of education and medical availability , not in terms of dumping low-tech industry products like shoes or clothing that they could manufacture themselves if this was n't a thing . 
  leap-frogging in terms of manufacturing has never worked that well . 
  china 's economy took off once they stopped over-investing in poorly managed heavy industry , and started investing in competitive sweat shops , while simultaneously aggressively improving their technical know-how . 
  rest of asia did similar journeys towards prosperity . 
  not really , he never won in a free election . 
   people who get paid in tips in the us do n't want the system to change , they prefer tips because they make more money with tips than they would without them it really depends . 
  the american system also fosters a spirit of charity , with hapless waiters and waitresses depending on big bucks from their benefactors . 
  some do cash in pretty nicely from this , but if you work at a place with few and stingy customers , you 're not going to see much money , taxed or tax-free . 
  common in sweden too . 
  10 % tipping after dinners is customary , but not mandatory . 
  in the end ( 1944 ) , about half the swedish airforce ( among artillery piece and many other things ) were lent to finland , so the arms & munitions part clearly had some official support . 
  as for what the diplomats said , i ca n't comment . 
  i agree it seems stupid . 
  sweden would have turned into yet another ww2 battlefield . 
  it 's unclear if it would made any difference in the end , possibly for finland . 
  nearly all minor nations tried to stay neutral in ww2 - not that many were able to . 
  hmm , you 're right . 
  the ones i 've seen in japan must have been inspired by this german design , then . 
  iirc , this type is the most common in the us , and quite common in japan too . 
  funny , the japanese hardly care about grades , all the care about is the entrance exams . 
   a religion that is thousands of years old wo n't really change that much in 80 years christianity lost its hold on politics in that amount of time . 
  descartes was swedish !, 
  einstein was a dirty globalist . 
  / s hard borders and nationalist policies are a great way of hampering scientific exchange and effect a brain drain . 
  the average in western europe is more like 180 cm . 
  germany is hardly at war . 
  trump/brexit backlash is real , though . 
  i ca n't find the data on passat 1.4 tsi real world consumption , but there 's a lot of data on the prius . 
  it averages 4.5 l / 100 km without any other energy input apart from petrol . 
  the passat will not beat that . 
  also , i doubt many 1.4 tsi are sold as company cars . 
  in sweden , the prius is simply too small . 
  the corporate best seller here , in recent years , is mitsubishi outlander phev . 
  a colleague of mine just bought one , and is commuting on electricity alone . 
  your argument would mean that the prius would suck at long distances . 
  but it does n't , it 's as efficient as the best diesel cars of the same size . 
  this is n't controversial . 
  i understand your point , but i do n't think it 's major enough to sink the whole concept . 
  for example , most of the energy when braking would go to the battery , while the em would only assist during acceleration . 
  this way , the ice would do most of the work , while not having to provide all the power when accelerating , keeping the ice closer to optimum efficiency . 
  for example : suzuki swift is now being launched with a hybrid engine as the main alternative , with a petrol engine as the `` sporty '' choice .
