  maybe they prioritize what 's on top of the agenda ? 
  wow , that 's so strange !, 
  ah , yeah , that was a shame . 
  unfortunately the nationalist party mhp views both chp and especially hdp with more suspicion than akp and erdogan . 
  it would have been good had they cooperated better , suppressed pkk by peaceful means and checked erdogans rise to more power . 
  but it was n't really in the cards , given the views of the people involved . 
  most evidence points towards a small group of people at the top of the coup , not a broad union of the opposition . 
  why do you think the political opposition was so quick to denounce the coup ? 
  yup . 
  i heard a hungarian commenting on the refusal to accept any refugees with the comment `` hungaria is a catholic country , and it shall remain so '' . 
  it sounded as level-headed as when the student-body of upsala university rejected asylum for about 35 jew doctors from nazi germany ... 
  true !, 
  we 're changing our pdps to linux at the moment . 
  the old fortran code base is a mess . 
  these simple , old-fashioned setups can work a long time if you have a limited scope and a single programmer and maintainer . 
  this is n't the case in a multinational . 
  i agree , sometimes setting a knob to ' 4 ' is just too damn hard . 
  in many places in sweden , we use distributed heat from power plants . 
  this could be a waste incinerator or a nuclear plant , for example . 
  you take hot leftover water ( ~ 50 c ) and distribute it to the neighboring town . 
  it 's usually several times more effective than all alternatives except geothermal heating , which is pretty popular too . 
  as others have said , the whole thing may not have been turned on yet . 
  and sometimes they get stuck . 
  removable mountain tops . 
  this is the only exception to the above rule , really . 
  the middle setting is for those that understand that this is a thermostat , not a hot plate . 
  when it 's on max , if often means `` full throttle , regardless of room temperature '' . 
  ~ ~ snowflake ~ ~ means off unless you 're close to 0 deg c [ `` 0 '' is completely off ] . 
  in between means `` turn on at temp x , turn off at temp y , where x and y depends on calibration '' . 
   but , he added , he thinks the campaign of harassment and hacking may backfire . 
  `` it just makes them look insane and makes us look far more credible because they are going at us so hard . '' one can hope . 
  30 is a perfectly fine age to have kids . 
  we never really married at a young age in sweden . 
  said the virgin , lol, 
  yeah , those arguments really make me nervous . 
  as far as i understand , the protections ttip would bring to american companies are not more extensive than those eu countries already enjoy . 
  one example is swedish vattenfall suing the german state for scrapping their permissions to run nuclear plants in germany ( earlier than planned ) . 
  this is a billion euro lawsuit . 
  if the same populist arguments start to rule the debate within the eu ... we could be back to an unstable europe with quarreling nations again , within one or two decades . 
  add another economic shock or refugee crisis to that ... 
  if we do n't sign ceta , i do n't think we 're much cleverer than the brexit folk . 
  yeah , they way people talk about trade deals these days , you 'd expect everyone to be sustenance farmers . 
  no to international trade !, 
  someone with a modicum of intelligence commented on the radio that `` if eu ca n't sign a trade deal with canada , why would any country believe it could sign a trade deal with the eu ? '', 
  yup , instant italification of international reputation . 
  sorry , yugoslavia was done mostly [ insert-ethnicity ] - supremacists that schemed ever since tito died . 
  the bombing of serbia may not have been the best option at the time , but the bad time in the 90 's were mostly the result of existing conflicts fanned by croats , serbs and others . 
  not if you assume russia has hundreds of thousands of elite troops . 
  when did nato attack russia ? 
  this is about influence and freedom of action in foreign countries , not survival . 
  ukraine has pushed through with constitutional reform . 
  http://w1.c1.rada.gov.ua/pls/zweb2/webproc4_1?pf3511=55812 also , it 's not been that easy to make progress on this issue , because what kremlin has been striving for is full ukrainian economic responsibility , but little political influence . 
  no country would accept that as written . 
  they do n't have refugee status in most eu countries either . 
   ukraine ca n't join nato . 
  it does n't matter if they want . 
  they will never be allowed as long as they have ongoing territorial disputes . 
  and they have . 
  thanks to the separatists and russia . 
  it 's really simple . 
  we agreee !, 
  the point of striking first was to prevent ukraine from joining nato , among other aims . 
  impunity =  relative impunity . 
  the consequences of attacking a nato country would have been vastly different . 
  you manage to agree with me , and still disagree !, 
  what russia did in 2014 was exactly that : `` strike first with impunity '' . 
  this is also the ability they will lose if ukraine joins nato . 
  we agree . 
  so when is russia going to live up to the minsk accord ? 
  as it looks , kremlin wo n't be satisfied until they can appoint a new ukrainian government uncontested as well as all territorial gains in legal writing . 
   crimea is not what russia is after . 
  what are they after , then ? 
  they have willingly lost a lot of soft power by using their hard power . 
  and ukraine was never posed to be a threat to russia , it 's all about preserving options . 
  in 2014 , russia still had the option of a military invention without grave repercussions . 
  if ukraine were to join nato , that would be a lot harder . 
  so it 's not about defense , it 's about preserving the ability to strike first with impunity . 
  i claiming it was lost after a concentrated effort from several thousand russian veterans . 
  of course it could happen again . 
  of course it will take more effort if the ukrainian side is better armed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_diaspora percentage wise , it 's not that much of a difference . 
  yes , debaltseve was lost , because russian sent troops all the way from vladivostok to aid the separatists . 
  most reports have the separatists waiting around while russians did all the heavy work - then of course putin told poroshenko `` it 's tough to lose to a bunch of coalminers and tractor drivers '' . 
  the town was also taken a week after the ceasefire . 
  i sure hope ukraine will not escalate . 
  a russian escalation is simply more likely the weaker the ukrainian army is . 
  why would n't they back down ? 
  they have several ways of doing it without losing face , as long as they get to keep crimea . 
  however , the most likely development is that of georgia - a frozen conflict . 
  georgia is still an independent country ... 
  how many have left romania the last decade ? 
  unwillingness to fight in a war is n't the strongest motivator here . 
  there are several reasons for why it 's the us doing something , and not the eu . 
  one is that eu is unofficially led by germany , a country that do n't want to see military invention , because they barely ever have the last 70 years . 
  other european countries have been sending various military equipment , however , if not massive amounts . 
  yes , some have fled , as expected . 
  most of ukrainians in russia have fled donbas , i think . 
  most ukrainians in poland are working there because the salary is better , they do n't stay in refugee camps , exactly . 
  they were fighting to defend debaltseve , but ultimately had to give the town up in the face of the russian/separatist offensive . 
  the also had troops holding the donetsk airport for about a year .
