   that 's not what was said . 
  not exactly , you 're right . 
  however , the sentence is absolute nonsense . 
  no foreign recruit would be have the task to `` undermine the existing constitutional order '' . 
  it 's fantastically broad , and would be the task of a entire team back in the u.s. 
  it sounds good `` official '' but contains no information . 
  if i read that document , i 'd want to know the recruit 's directive . 
  `` undermining the existing constitutional order '' is no more descriptive than `` being a subversive element '' or `` a menace to society '' . 
  it 's bullshit . 
   an inconsistency that might identify leakers of documents you do n't introduce eyesores like that to detect leaks . 
  anyone talking about the operation would be annoyed at the discrepancy . 
   novolny needs financial backing to carry out his side task special operation `` quake '' to undermine the existing constitutional order of the russian federation . 
  ... yeah right . 
  it 's not exactly the * constitution * of russia that western governments find contentious . 
  also , operation `` quake '' is referred to as `` the quake '' in one document , an inconsistency that looks like the work of a native russian speaker . 
  seems really weird if there is n't . 
  haha , for a second i thought you were dutch . 
  yeah , i found that a bit off too . 
  but this post highlights how crude stereotyping is much more miss than hit , be it now or 300 years ago . 
  the mongol invasion affected russia much more than central europe . 
  up to the 15th century , novgorod , muscovy and tver traded and fought with more central europeans from the northeast , sweden , denmark , germanic teutons and lithuanians . 
  meanwhile their politics were intertwined with that of the mongols and their heirs ( golden horde , for example ) . 
  there were definitely a cultural tradition , noble families that survived , etc , from that time ( 13-14th century ) . 
  the asian influence from mongols alone lasted about 200 years in the region . 
  cossacks are an asian tradition , as i see it . 
  the novgorod republic that was the least affected , politically and culturally , was subjugated by muscovy in the late 15th century . 
  yeah , i 'd want an explanation of that too . 
  overall , spaniards were viewed very positively . 
  you do n't enjoy eating ? 
  the stuff about sweden refers to a period in the 18th century , about 50 years long , when the nobles ruled and the monarchy was weak . 
  the ottomans were strongly influenced by europe too . 
  much like russia , except with a more distinct asian ( islamic ) competing cultural tradition . 
  honestly , your comment could mean anything . 
  if you want to contribute meaningfully , write a paragraph or two . 
  you do n't need a free market to have winners or losers in struggles for influence and status . 
   simple does not mean right , of course . 
  it 's difficult to square this theory with the dramatic rise in obesity since 1980 , or with much other evidence . 
  in america , average calorific intake increased by just a sixth over that period . 
  in the uk , it actually fell . 
  there has been no commensurate decline in physical activity , in either country -- in the uk , exercise levels have increased over the last 20 years sloppy writing . 
  it 's highly likely that office work has increased since the early 80 's , so that people expend less calories in their daily lives than before . 
  the scientific community can be quite free from political and commercial interests and * still * manage to go wrong . 
  once a body of influential scientist become vested in a theory that is hard to test conclusively , it takes time to challenge that theory . 
  yeah , and as this story points out , there were certainly strong industrial interests on both sides of the debate . 
  the reason the camp that said `` fat and cholesterol is bad '' won is because they were politically stronger . 
  and they were politically stronger because one american scientist ancel keys was leading the charge and was very successful at it . 
  yeah , in sweden , the number of overweight people have increased , but the morbidly obese ( bmi  40 ) are still a shock to see . 
  still rare enough to warrant a `` wow , what a large person '' . 
  it 's not a class war !, 
  my workplaces is all male . 
  at breaks this affects what we talk about a lot !, 
  a mixed workplace typically has different discussions . 
  all i 'm saying is that you need to a reasonable variety of people to represent a varied population . 
  if you only pick graduates from jagellonian university ( graduation year 95-00 ) , you 're not going to be representing all of poland very well . 
  you 're attacking a strawman . 
  my point is that democracy works best when there is no group that monopolizes power and can decide what people should and should not care about . 
  if there are issues that many men care about , but few women do , this should n't be ignored . 
  or vice versa . 
  individuals can represent anything . 
  but groups are subject to socialization and develop tacit rules on what should and should not be discussed . 
  these are the forces at hand , and they must be acknowledged . 
  men represent men as well as many other things . 
  identity is complex and the are a large range of political issues . 
  ** some ** of these issues affect men and women differently , and so men and women tend to talk about them differently . 
  that 's a good point . 
  however , thatcher 's stance , as far as i understand it , was that she was one of the boys and did not represent women in general at all . 
  on some issues , probably . 
  take 100 random white people and 100 random black people in the us and discuss affirmative action . 
  the discourse will be different . 
  on many issues it 's not only a difference in ideals ( which may be small ) , but in methods and priority . 
  similar problems , especially in the long run . 
  `` men 's issues '' would become non-issues over time . 
  here i meant strictly when it comes to political ideas , mainly about what the priorities are . 
  men did not prioritize parental leave 50 years ago , for example . 
   one of thatcher 's strategies to become prime minister was not being shrill exactly . 
  not being shrill means not upsetting the old order at the very top . 
  i think it 's the most apt comparison . 
  swedish politics have always been relatively ideological . 
  read the whole comment . 
  thatcher made the men around her feel safe be not only rejecting feminism , but also by not personally promoting any women and by a complete lack of interest in women 's issues . 
   while i do n't disagree in theory , i just do n't think the most defining characteristic about someone is their sex . 
  neither do i. 
  however , it 's collectives of men and women that have * some * defining characteristics that differs significantly . 
  single politicians may make a difference on certain issues , they can also make 0 difference on topics where they accept a consensus as unchangeable or uninteresting to change . 
  on the other hand , all-male policy makers is a near-guarantee that certain things will be overlooked . 
  ... and thatcher was a feminist . 
  you ca n't take one woman and make a good point about women in politics . 
  i bring up thatcher , because it 's well known that she defended her position partly by making it clear that she did not support the interest or careers of women in any way . 
  fine , the do n't export the products . 
  the idea with harmonization is that i should have to check a product for origin , it should be produced in a reasonable manner regardless . 
  yeah , wow, 
  also , it 's evident from a recent post to / r/europe , that russia runs the donbas region from moscow . 
  the local warlords feature in photographs , but have little influence over the area . 
  well , crimeans lobbied for independence for years before maidan , and then suddenly `` poof '' they 're a part of russia . 
  crap , i chose between the two spellings and ended up with the wrong one : /, 
   and then there is the refugee crisis , with greece on the front line as well played smartly , the refugee crisis could mean some infusion of money into greece and alleviate the lack of paying jobs short term . 
  it does come with a range of other problems , however . 
  as i mentioned in another comment , there was a gang rape on a student cruise recently and that cruise was in general a lot worse than what this american experienced . 
  and private opinions on currently debated policy will never stop being problematic . 
  good info , but i suspect this law will have further effect than simply stopping abuse of the krus .
