  and single person households tend to live in small apartments in the cities . 
  if i understand it right , it 's the same thing for women . 
  we had an italian post doc in my lab and it was the first time she lived away from her mother . 
  she talked and fought on the phone with her mom every day . 
  poor thing only had a daughter and no-one else . 
  i think the post doc enjoyed the freedom , because she never went back . 
  note that `` post doc '' means she was about 30 when she came to sweden . 
  i 've not heard of a country with more than 25 % ** vat ** . 
  this is a tax on goods , not income . 
  do n't you have `` bostadsbidrag '' in denmark ? 
  basically , poor people get subsidized rent . 
  stray dogs is my answer . 
  ukraine has stray dogs - sweden does n't . 
  sure . 
  the conclusion is actually that `` turkish academia seems to provide equal opportunities for women '' . 
  that this does n't necessarily translate to all of turkish society is a separate matter . 
  `` oh , no , this goes against my preconceived notions that the turks are vile creatures that hate women '' . 
  read a book , maybe one by orhan pamuk ? 
  i 'm exaggerating , but the way the cut-off for small parties works in the netherlands , you have more small parties than most other democracies . 
  not that that is a bad thing , everyone downvoting me must think i 'm some sort of democracy-hating prick . 
  the netherlands is different is all . 
  i 'm talking about the `` one mp miniature party '' that is 10 % or so of the dutch parliament . 
  you and your small religious parties that are akin to small , vicious dogs that bark very loudly when someone approaches their little turf . 
  if you watch documentaries about germany right after the war , there is barely any buildings standing in most the cities . 
  germany and european soviet saw the most devastating destruction in ww ii . 
  anyone could also have given up in the face of german early success in the campaign . 
  it kind of depends on how well known their genocide plans for eastern europe were . 
  stalin mustered everything the soviet union had in ww ii , another leader may have lost the nerve and made mistakes , been weak and lost power as other leaders saw a chance to pounce , etc , etc. 
  stalin also made mistakes early , in 39-41 , but as the war went on , he made fewer and fewer , and put more trust in his commanders , when the wehrmacht had to suffer hitler 's delusional orders . 
  otoh , churchill would be an alcoholic even if sober ... 
  nope , ingermanland as the area that is now mostly estonia , but also the whole inner finnish gulf . 
  bring back ingermanland ( as a part of sweden , of course ) . 
  not necessarily . 
  work gives you a sense of purpose in life . 
  i think it 's quite fundamental . 
  go to a tribe and identify the person that does the least work in the tribe and has no responsibilities . 
  this is likely the person that is the saddest . 
  life is about doing things that are meaningful to yourself and others . 
  even most people who hate their job recognize that someone sees a value in what they do . 
  yeah , and some of these people have skills , such as how to engineer a power plant . 
  to reiterate , the big problem in sweden is that immigrants have a hard time getting any other job than cleaner or dishwasher or labourer ( all in the black market ) . 
  success is running a pizza restaurant and getting a living income or driving a taxi . 
  unemployment is huge among immigrants and their children , which blocks the main route to better integration . 
  otoh , those born ' 10 - '39 were fucked by two wars and still managed to build great prosperity for their children . 
  work is the one most important thing to become a part of society . 
  oh , new functionality . 
  i 'm happy i understood how to choose voice tracks on `` dual audio '' mkv-files . . 
  great britain regarded itself as a superpower and were in alliances before the war . 
  sweden was neutral and had resigned from world military presence after the napoleon wars . 
  for gb to not partake in the war would be to 1 ) break their alliances and promises to several european countries , and 2 ) in the process resign as a superpower . 
  i did n't get much of it , but it was funny when the ambassadors had to point out finland on a map ... 
   staatstragende partei this is a thing in swedish politics too . 
  for example , the left has only ever been a rubber-stamp party for the swedish sdp , when they had minority government . 
  yes , and the best one is in heideldorf . 
  it 's a self-reinforcing cycle ( to put it in neutral terms ) . 
  the rural communities in sweden had an economy that focussed on physical professions , and the municipalities are governed mostly by men who still think in the same way , although the jobs in those sectors are ever dwindling . 
  the result is a * culture * that is focussed on physical activities that mainly appeal to men . 
  if you are n't enthusiastic about scootering you have no business in rural norrland , basically . 
  possibly . 
  i think it is au pairs and stuff . 
  france is a very popular place to go to for swedish women too . 
  but the greatest uptick for this would be seen in 20-24 year olds . 
  poor attempt at humor , that 's all . 
  that 's still around zero , no ? 
  / joke, 
  the fire bombing of tokyo - not that much military damage , 100,000 + civilians killed . 
  in a single raid . 
  none of these work for me . 
  strength = gut , no ? 
  they do , but not everyone . 
  their kids grew up in germany and might not be as fond of `` going back '' to a country they do n't know very well . 
  at least one famous prositute was under 18 . 
  berlusconi has been charged and convicted of numerous crimes , but through appeal and actual revising of laws , he 's gotten away . 
  if only bunga-bunga parties were the worst part ... 
  underage prostitutes ... 
  their spending is ok , it 's just diluted by oil ... 
  what happened after the recent budget crisis ? 
  the story was the the state had spent so much money in subsidies they were running out of money . 
  did father russia step in with money once again ? 
  as a vegetarian in essen , i did n't find that much good stuff at first , so i 've had more than one subway sandwich . 
  i 'm only there for work , so finding a restaurant means it 's after 6 , and i 'm tired and hungry . 
  i finally got the brilliant idea to ask the hotel manager about a vegetarian place . 
  he was almost stumped , but came up with zodiac . 
  luckily , it was open that night . 
  it was great , so i tried to bring my colleagues a couple of days after , but then they were closed on regular thursday night . 
  the other `` good '' place was an italian place where they serve a mean gnocchi . 
  but their waiters are also mean , and arrogant . 
  it has everything in it already . 
  sometimes pig blood . 
  the citizens are not responsible for the budget in california . 
  they can vote in the most budget-destroying laws , and then tell their politicians to `` fix it '' . 
  thanks , that 's what i was thinking of . 
  one problem is that , if i understand it right , italian political thought in the general populace is based on the idea that everyone always has ulterior motives and that a conspiracy lurks around every corner . 
  the official story is * always a lie * to someone 's benefit . 
  in effect , this seems to lead to equivocation where dull , honest people are as worthy of distrust as charming people who are not ashamed to lie . 
  of course not . 
  but if you want to interpret it in a positive way , it show a growing sense of `` what happens in your country is my concern too '' . 
  this is the issue , however , since the horse meat they 've found likely was never meant for human consumption , at least not in way that would have been legal within the eu . 
  problem is that half of europe counted on berlusconi to have retired for good and were really happy about it . 
  kaffekask in sweden,
