  that 's taking one of the worst suburbs and projecting from it . 
  usa = ferguson , right ? 
  yeah , maybe we can build a bright future for them as permanent refugees ( such as the palestinian refugees from 1948 ) . 
  sd is not a nazi party by any stretch of imagination , but is the mainstream party for racists and people skeptical of immigration . 
  i think he 's poisoning the well . 
  he 's always been shrewd , so ruining a left-wing majority is the primary goal now . 
  interestingly , it 's storm in a water glass in swedish too . 
   if they truly did destroyed a column , i doubt someone would bother to bring wreckage back to russia or hide it anywhere . 
  taking car of the wreckage asap could be difficult if the armed vehicles were in rebel-controlled territory . 
  they still do n't have to let russia run over eastern ukraine . 
  russian timing and execution was perfect . 
  the chain of command was in question and they could n't respond . 
  those who potentially could do something only saw the danger in action ( not inaction ) , which is understandable . 
  i really hope they will not defend donetsk `` to the last man '' . 
  it makes sense to say that , but i 'm hoping for a quick win . 
  more deaths , more suffering , more problems . 
  the whole `` white truck '' operation seems like a big diversion , however . 
   yesterday i read in my respectable western newspaper that more than 2000 people died when the ukrainian army took over a rather small town in the vicinity of donetsk . 
  you read that wrong . 
  2000 people on all sides ( fighting + civilians ) have died since april . 
  pulla = bulle , basically . 
  k\u00e4ngor and pulka are also from finnish . 
  import bans are already being questioned by people in russia . 
  kanelipulla sounds a bit dirty , though  but it is a swedish word in finnish , right ? 
  just like `` pojke '' in swedish is from finnish . 
  i 'm disappointed you did n't point out that the princess cake is too small ( regular size serves about 8 people ) . 
  the quintessential pastry/bun of sweden is the cinnamon roll / [ kanelbulle ] ( http://static.kokaihop.se/recipe/large/1192384-2367529.jpg ), 
  otoh , norway had that delicious coastline , that could n't be destroyed by the royal air force . 
  that jealousy , i like it . 
  we are if we 're prepared to pay the price . 
  putin is counting on that we are not prepared to suffer to stop his `` glorious russia '' expansion plans . 
  trucks blowing up would be useful , indeed . 
  again , mostly the idea would n't be to convince the west , but to confuse it , and paint a `` clear-as-day '' picture for internal consumption . 
  given how much russia has lied in this conflict , there 's very little to be gain by doing this kind of thing . 
  of course , ukraine blowing up a truck filled with food would be great , but demanding that they should be inspected wo n't exactly cause international furor . 
  they did get away with annexing crimea almost scot-free . 
  ukraine does n't have complete control of the border east of lugansk . 
  that 's probably why . 
  also , the vast majority of fighting men from abroad has been volunteers and soldiers of fortune up to this point . 
  no doubt . 
  but the destructive power of the weaponry used in ww2 was already quite formidable . 
  they 're good at sending people into space too , but now i have exhausted my list . 
  that 's still about a thousands casualties per bomber . 
  rarely do we see anything as destructive today . 
  gaza has been shot to shit with at most a few thousand dead . 
  that does n't mean it does n't have negative health effects . 
  during the bombing of tokyo , 88,000 people were killed * in a single raid * , mostly civilians . 
  done, 
  the one where iraq invaded kuwait and thought they would get away with it ? 
  ukraine has a lot more support as a peaceful nation internationally , and it was a coalition that invaded iraq , after all . 
  i ran over that bridge . 
  it 's a great bridge . 
  shoot me , i like turning torso as well . 
  poorly proof-read . 
  yanukovich apparently rejected a trade deal in `` december 2014 '' , and mh17 was shot down in `` may '' . 
  nostradamkus , apparently . 
  you have n't been following very closely , have you ? 
  the operation is pretty complicated , because first they made a largely ( not 100 % , though ) successful attempt to close the 1500 km long border behind the separatists , then drive them away from their strongholds . 
  sloviansk fell a month ago , and the separatists now control about 25 % of the territory they held 4 months ago . 
  it 's not used much in europe , it 's frowned upon . 
  many americans claims that they are proud to a be a republic , `` democracy is the dictatorship of the majority '' , yada , yada . 
  hitler did it the `` best '' and he did n't even have parliamentary majority . 
  they have an important deal with gazprom , as well as the crucial connection to reverse the flow towards ukraine . 
  in terms of how russians understand this conflict , it makes perfect sense , unfortunately . 
  note how he goes on to say that ukraine is at war with russia already , and that `` losing donbass means losing the peace '' . 
  `` ukraine is occupied by the us '' , er , yeah ... 
  absolutely , and now the majority is * hoping * for war . 
  if there is a lot of supreme scenery , people will have to choose , and so the count will be lower . 
  this favors cities . 
  was n't it a tourist destination already in the 80s ? 
  that 's where i met my wife . 
  going to krakow once a month was n't that much of a pain ... 
  i 'm disappointed no swede has posted about the humor show `` puder '' . 
  swedish trams at its finest . 
  i guess the price depends on the competition . 
  no competition =  higher price . 
  some parts of new york do have the snappiest internet in the world ( firms with great connections directly to the backbone ) . 
  they get 1000 mbps as actual speeds . 
  most do n't though . 
  swede here . 
  i have shitty cable , but i still get 50 mbps for < 40 $ . 
  many in my area have fiber , they get at least 100mbps for < 30 $ . 
  yeah , spain found too much gold and silver to care about other stuff . 
  i 'm in sweden , going via helsinki is a boon . 
  do all these fly via helsinki ? 
  i 've flown from stockholm to z\u00fcrich and then to tokyo . 
  what city did i pass within 100 km when flying from z\u00fcrich ? 
  of course the fact that stockholm/arlanda has poor connections to east asia is the root problem for me , but going via helsinki is the second best option . 
  that 's a shame , they have the best flights to east asia . 
  finnair would go bust . 
  we burnt warsaw to the ground : /, 
  i can see that . 
  russia do n't have ukrainian war tourists shooting shit up in their country . 
  ko-ko-ko-kosken , ko-ko-ko-korva ... tastes abhorrent , needs sisu to keep down . 
  typical . 
  everyone siding with russia in this conflict seems to think that ukraine has no right to exist as a country . 
  sweden fucked up poland a lot more . 
  i figure the incessant hate against anything ukrainian keeps many away , though . 
  you can filter it out if you want . 
  all my other subs are serious , so i do n't mind it that much .
