  there were advanced plans to sell construction steel for an offshore platform . 
  when the sanction were put in place , this project was scrapped . 
  drilling in the arctic , for example . 
  given the current oil-price , that would be postponed anyway , though . 
  you just said what redeyedwarrior said . 
  you can have a ban on same-sex marriage and still allow civil unions . 
  however , there 's still a legal barrier separating heterosexual and homosexual partnerships . 
  russia has been hit pretty hard by the bank sanctions . 
  investment in russia is down , and joint ventures ca n't get funding easily or at all . 
  the sanctions in the finance sector have hit hard , though . 
  basically , almost no russian-eu or russian-us joint projects can get funding from western banks . 
  no , this is [ kex ] ( http://www.spisa.nu/productimages/pfi_11353_3.jpg ) . 
  the annotation just needs to reference actual nsdap policy and the situation of minorities at the time , no need to go full tumblr or anything . 
  plenty of norrland does not have snow . 
  saudi arabia and iran are arch-nemesis in the struggle of leading the muslim world . 
  putin is least popular in 1 . 
  sweden 2 . 
  finland why ? 
  because for the right-wing he represents a resurgent enemy , and for the left-wing he represents machismo and neofascism . 
  also , for finland there is the direct military threat . 
  easy to say when you do n't border on denmark . 
  you 've got 1,000 + km of insulation . 
  it 's dark here , but not that cold . 
  well , i happened to meet my wife in poland , and she is n't polish . 
  you do n't , but ukrainian/polish border is quite friendly , and none of the ukrainians i know ever had problem in poland . 
  schengen made it a bit harder for a while , that 's all . 
  it was n't exactly miniscule . 
  many came to study already ten years ago . 
  yup , he 's partially redeemed by changing strategy in 1942 , but that was after failing miserably in 1941 and up to that . 
  scandinavian cousine has some really great stuff , but it 's relatively small . 
  i 'd say we have 10 % on the japanese , italians , etc. 
  lutefisk goes with white sauce , white pepper , and green peas . 
  this year , a muslim woman will be the christmas host on national swedish television ( svt ) . 
  she says she is muslim but celebrates christmas . 
  / r/sweden has an anti-muslim bent , so this was very controversial there when it was announced . 
  however , the christmas host on tv has never been a religious thing . 
  at least not in my lifetime . 
  in the nordics , we have our own superiority complex . 
  sweden has its share of weird fish recipes . 
  not my cheese !, 
  remember where you 're commenting , that abomination you 're referring to is not called cheese over here . 
  what 's wrong with mustard ? 
  you are annoying . 
  of course the americans were settlers of european origin . 
  but the country usa existed by the time this went down . 
   it has been a hub for rus ' , not ukraine semantics . 
  moscow , which is the cultural center of russia , did not exist at the time . 
  i was about to write `` region '' . 
  yes . 
  my point was that neither the spanish nor the americans were natives of texas . 
  meanwhile , kiev has been a hub for economic , religious and political power in ukraine for at least 1100 years . 
  something similar does not exist in texas . 
  the culture of the natives has been all but erased , and a part of the history of modern texas is the history of two competing colonizers . 
  if what i wrote sounded dismissive of the history of the region , it 's because ukraine is the topic at hand . 
  not really , before the development of nationalism , there was * casus belli * and monarchs intermarrying and trying to grab and keep as much power as possible . 
  the only western example i can think of is the dixie chicks , and how they were ostracized from the country music scene after vocally protesting the war in iraq . 
  but that was mostly a grass-roots movement . 
  they said this , though :  just so you know , we 're on the good side with y' all . 
  we do not want this war , this violence , and we 're ashamed that the president of the united states is from texas and that is how you piss off 98 % of all texans in one go . 
  how ? 
  denmark is doing well now . 
  the development in europe the last 200 years has been that large cultures have developed nations when empires have fallen apart . 
  mostly because it was surrounded by empires . 
  kievan rus was subjugated by the mongols . 
  once moscow took out novgorod , and the mongols were no longer a threat , they had their back free of aggression and could subjugate/ally with their western and southern neighbors and colonize to east and north . 
  look at poland , they have a strong sense of nationhood , culture and language , and still they have had a shaky history as a nation . 
  a lack of clear natural borders caused much of that . 
  married into a russian-speaking ukrainian family . 
  can not agree more . 
  you forget one thing . 
  the international community have called russia 's actions in ukraine 19th century politics exactly for the reasons you noted above . 
  as for texas , it was first * colonized * by the spanish , then by americans . 
  ukraine is not new , it has a much longer history than the us . 
  once we start allowing the rewriting of maps according to who has the most powerful army at the moment , we 'll start sliding into world-war level of conflicts again . 
  yeah , dating sites have plenty of fake profiles for the purposes of scamming heterosexual men . 
  yup , i was in ukraine at the beginning of ato . 
  rebels could at first only retreat , then suddenly their military capacity increased by at least a factor 10 . 
  have a swede write your song if you want to win . 
  nobody ever remembers swindon !, 
  what about the swindon office ? 
  i think you mean new zealand . 
  war and poverty is also great , because is the only context in which your suggestion is working . 
  i see what you mean . 
   in fact , that 's how it 's mostly been for the longest amount of time . 
  here , i think you 're mistaken , though . 
  state and religion has been strongly intertwined in most countries , city-states , empires , kingdoms , etc in history . 
  the us is a special case . 
  however , in very secular societies , religion is completely private and has ceased being a major contributor to public life . 
  in most of the us , religion is much more important than it is in most parts of the eu . 
  some examples : praying is uncommon in sweden , only 20 % pray a few times * a month * or more . 
  8 % has visited any kind of religious service the last month . 
  as soon as the majority of women expect to have more than one choice in life , the cat is out of the bag , and `` have-it-all '' policies seem to work best . 
  that is , subsidized childcare and some sort of balance between the sexes in term of child care . 
  as soon as women expect to be treated as equals ( or at least believe they can make their own choices in life ) , regressive policies stop working . 
  japan , south korea and italy are not known to be very progressive in terms of women 's rights , but have among the world lowest fertility rates . 
  religion , to be specific . 
  the us resisted a drop below 2.1 in fertility rate much longer than europe because of religion . 
  now that secularism is rising among those younger than 30 , the us is also falling below 2.1 . 
  some countries ( france , iceland , sweden ) have resisted very low fertility rates by having highly subsidized childcare . 
  these countries have a fertility rate of 1.8 - 2.0 .
