   there are hundreds of millions of potential refugees today why not inflate it to 5 billion ( who are not international middle class ) while you 're at it ? 
  or be serious and use the unhcr figures , which is 60 million ( at the end on of 2014 ) . 
   there are hundreds of millions of potential refugees today , and we ca n't grant all of them the right to rebuild their lives . 
  `` it 's better to help none , if you ca n't help all '' this is the get-out-of-jail-free card for any humanitarian mission . 
   that is sad , but again , not something they have a right to . 
  being human , they will desperately try . 
  i do agree that europe can not take all , though , it 's not an easily solved problem . 
  and rightwing politicians are about spreading fear . 
  another feel . 
  `` migrants '' are the totally wrong word to use for refugees in jordan . 
  if you do n't call the people fleeing from syria refugees , you can abandon the word all together . 
  also , refugees in jordan have little to no chance at rebuilding their lives . 
  the best thing about revolutions is that they put fear in the elite . 
  usually the neighbouring nations that avoid revolutions fare better . 
  because it 's not a credible threat . 
  morrissey sang about killing the queen . 
  not a credible threat either , obviously . 
  she has enough money to hire a contract killer . 
  except that she has n't . 
  she 's a fucking clown , that 's all , and that 's what the court said . 
  `` not a credible threat '' . 
  yeah , apparently you can vote from abroad for 15 years . 
  this is a discussion about those who 've been abroad for more than 15 years . 
  yeah , this whole `` ca n't vote from abroad '' struck me as absurd . 
  we just had three turks talking about the election on swedish radio . 
  they all voted from sweden . 
  if you 're a swede , you can vote from abroad . 
  i do n't understand why uk has this law . 
  open nationalism has never been something swedes have rallied around . 
  we 're totally different from norwegians in that way . 
  people used to hoist the flag when there 's a family birthday , end of the school year and royalists would do it on the king 's birthday . 
  but collective flag waving is reserved for celebrating victories in sports . 
  right-wing humor = = punching down, 
   voted by abstentions that 's an euphemism for `` did not care enough to vote '' . 
  i 'm sure half of the populists in brussels concentrate more on drinking beer on tax payers dime , than parliamentary work . 
  ah , you 're right , thanks . 
  this particular person seems to have done a long journey to end up with the views he has now . 
  i wondered if it could have been different . 
  yeah , i know you 're a tribal people . 
  the twist is that he was born and raised in denmark . 
  the guy was born in denmark , that 's kind of the issue . 
  yeah , and for some reason , denmark has very radical muslim groups . 
  7 billion people do not have permanent residence in denmark . 
  the guy was born in denmark . 
  his parents did not have danish citizenship when he was born , though . 
  only one of them would get danish citizenship , though . 
  i wonder if a neonazi of , say , swedish or germany origin would be granted citizenship . 
  there are some bad areas in there , yes . 
  the last few months malm\u00f6 has also struggled with the huge inflow of migrants . 
  but otherwise it 's far from a bad city . 
  `` bleeding heart liberal '' is more of an idiom . 
  here it 's sometimes shortened to `` bleeding hearts '' , but there is no universally accepted political leaning to add to it . 
  `` socialist '' , maybe . 
  you 're obviously the expert !, 
  i 've lived in malm\u00f6 , had a great time . 
  it was a few years back , though . 
   both groups will be ineligible for family reunification if they live in an ** official ghetto area ** and employment requirements will also be sharpened for both categories . 
  wtf is an `` official ghetto area '' ? 
  poland is a much larger economy , however . 
  yeah , if you 're against institutionalized discrimination , you 're a bleeding heart liberal , did n't you get the memo ? 
  are you sure four wo n't be too many ? 
  that 's the way of most of effective propaganda . 
  i think the point was * exactly * that : germany exports weapons and get refugees in return as a direct result . 
  which is pretty much a lie . 
  so i take it you do n't like gays ? 
  yes , how come most americans can have rational debate about the millions of illegal immigrants within the us , but most of those who comment in this forum think that a few million people , looking for a better life , will destroy europe ? 
   but since they apparently want to help everyone in the world regardless of them being refugees or not this where you are wrong , swedish asylum rules are not that different . 
  the biggest difference is that we offered permanent residence to all syrians . 
  people from other areas are judged on an individual basis . 
  one large problem is that deportations of those who are not granted asylum does n't work as well as it should . 
  more people should get a quick denial at the border , though . 
  54k is a silly low number for the eu as a whole . 
  the current levels of immigration are not sustainable , but if stronger measures are taken to rebuff the 50-60 % that do n't have a case , more will be discouraged to come . 
  `` life-vest or ammo-jacket '' , basically ? 
  i assume that goes for jw and members of political parties too ? 
  what does it say ? 
  haha , one hattan for man , another h\u00e4ttan for troll . 
  top innovation country in europe was a recent submission about sweden . 
  `` remove their democratic rights '' yeah there was even a neo-nazi demonstration recently in j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping . 
  these guys have more freedom of expression in sweden than in germany . 
  yes , there 's a pushback against anti-immigration views in mainstream media , but no removal of democratic rights - alternative media is free to publish all kinds of views . 
  it is n't ? 
  united we stand , divided we fall . 
  it 's the same in sweden , basically . 
  primary school can be chosen , but where you live matters a lot . 
  so usually you have between 1-4 schools to choose from . 
  if none satisfied the educated middle-class parents , they can choose to move . 
  that 's not really how it works . 
  you ca n't easily move your children , what you do is that you move the entire family to a better area , if you can . 
  i meant some sort of quota system , and limited by number . 
  i 'm also a supported of making it harder to come to europe and apply without papers , but easier to apply for asylum from official centers abroad . 
  this is neither easy or popular , however . 
  bad luck , then . 
  but we 're not going to let anyone starve or freeze . 
  because we would not put them in tents without heating ? 
  yes , if conscripts were to freeze to death , you can bet people would complain . 
  [ because they already have ] ( https://news.vice.com/article/in-pictures-syrian-refugees-are-freezing-to-death-as-snow-blankets-the-region ) . 
  we should absolutely institute emergency border controls . 
  absolutely , but denying the right to seek asylum is not one of the variables in play at the moment . 
  yeah , probably , but by then refugees to europe was not on anyone 's agenda .
