  a nightmare level of a horde of youngish male british tourists , if you will . 
  think . 
  it 's natural that short term contracts are the more common contracts . 
  if you work for one company for 20 years , you 'll sign one , or a few , contracts . 
  if you do 300 temp jobs in the same time span , you 'll sign 300 contracts . 
  also , if long term employment is too hard to manage , there will be a shift towards any loophole the companies can find . 
  after all , you do n't want to agree to a $ 100-200k liability every time you hire someone . 
   the fact crimea has voted to join russia they 've voted to become more independent several times , yes . 
  but people were n't exactly protesting in the streets in 2013 . 
  there are many other places , such as \u00c5land , that fell into the `` wrong hands '' , that are doing just fine as slightly more independent regions of the `` wrong '' country . 
  for kremlin , the will of the crimean people does not make it into the top 3 reasons crimea was annexed . 
  was thinking of this . 
  i believe finland , sweden , iceland , norway are the top four in coffee consumption too . 
  talk for your self , dude . 
  india 's fertility rate is definitely going down . 
  approaching 2.1 in a few years . 
  india is also a lot poorer than china . 
  counterargument rebuffed . 
  100 % sure it 's sarcasm . 
   their population is growing also so they really have no other option than come to europe if they want to have a decent life this strawman gives it away . 
  few leftists even think this way . 
  nope . 
  it 's still high , but it was 6.8 in the early 80 's , while it is about 5.7 now . 
   it took a massive government intervention in china to stop that trend there , something you will never see happen anywhere else . 
  false . 
  the 1-child policy was simply a few years ahead of something that was already happening . 
  now china is rapidly approaching the problem south korea has : lifetime fertility rates well below 1.5 . 
  in addition , they have a substantial surplus of men ( that will struggle to find a woman ) . 
  i do n't have issue with any of the positions you take , although i may interpret them differently . 
  welfare systems and large numbers of asylum seekers is a difficult equation . 
  my point was that the concept of `` importing muslims '' is about as valid as calling everyone who wants to limit immigration a neo-nazi . 
  explain to me , who has `` imported '' anything ? 
  shutting borders close with fences , wires and soldiers is one thing , but claiming that mainstream political leaders are `` importing '' people is plain bullshit . 
  most of them think that giving refugees asylum is the right thing to do , and that each individual should have their case tried . 
  they also pray that the numbers will be low - since they know the political cost . 
  no-one is importing any people , some politicians are just more idealistic than others . 
  trump = = berlusconi they 're both despicable . 
  populist left today is `` austerity is evil !, 
  let 's give everyone jobs , money and housing , and let the rich pay ! '', 
  note that this is for 1996 . 
  that 's 20 years ago . 
  not really , total number of children per woman in the area is around 1.5 . 
  they just have their children earlier in life . 
  unconcerned with taste ? 
  pre-sliced cheese tastes like plastic . 
  knife , wire , etc totally illogical tools , but you know , * foreigners *, 
  celsius degrees . 
  it 's not `` unknown '' , either , but nowadays only students of the history of science know this , i think . 
  failure to read headers, 
  recently , swedish news have started to claim that crispr-cas9 was `` invented in ume\u00e5 '' . 
  ume\u00e5 university ranks third among the contributing institutions , it seems . 
  i was trying to provoke, 
  cheaper than stockholm, 
  skype is just estonians because cheap labor , 
  after all , the nazis used polish death camps to kill jews , not poles . 
   '' ( only ) language separates finns from russians '' , 
  '' ( only ) language separates finns from russians '', 
  ... and imports mainly from the eu . 
  trade balance is exports - imports . 
  i think a lot of women thought frank was cute . 
  but that was n't what i meant . 
  i meant that the esc usually has 5-10 songs written by swedish songwriters . 
  georgia 's , for example , was written by a swede . 
  some history : http://wiwibloggs.com/2016/04/28/list-ten-times-swedish-songwriters-beat-sweden-eurovision/138770/, 
  still , the genetic variability is larger in africa than the rest of the world combined . 
  or go all-in as sweden does . 
  this year was a failure , though , none of our songs made top-3 . 
  well , evidence may be overstating it , you are right . 
  this is evidence for the claim that the police in belgium is disorganized . 
  it was apparently down to the * personal feelings * of one man to decide whether information will be passed on or not . 
  how the police handles information ( and evidence ) will only become more important in the future . 
  i think that was the point , since the song was about sexual aggression . 
  yeah , this sort of dealings may be common in some places . 
  in the west , however , it would n't be that easy . 
  you know the song '' [ fuck you , i wo n't do what you tell me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hf-b9tqkss ) '' ? 
  this applies to * everyone * in the west , except a few corporate drones and spineless politicians . 
  so , who was in the swedish jury ? 
  [ writes songs for eurovision , wrote azerbadjan 's song in 2009 ] * medlem : wiktoria johansson , 19 \u00e5r , artist -- har bytts ut mot lisa ajax [ young artist , won swedish idol ] . 
  * medlem : anton ewald , 22 \u00e5r , artist [ dancer and singer , has competed in eurovision ] . 
  [ from a commercial radio channel bias : commercial pop ] the jury is also changed every year ( in sweden ) . 
  why would this jury vote for a song they do n't like ? 
  these guys are likely to give the middle finger to anyone who tells them what to do . 
  sure , many can be bought , but who would go * from australia * to 42 european countries and bribe the juries ? 
  come along and rob yourself !, 
  we 're completely in the open with that this offer maybe means a better cantina for our employees ( whom we do n't want to spend money on , god forbid ) , and no money for you !, 
  emphasis on * fell *, 
  i like the german song too , but i understand that most of the audience did n't get the combination of a relatively modern pop song , the spooky scenery , and jamie-lee 's dress and appearance . 
  compare her to serbia 's sanja : she performed in a dress that manage to both look bad and like it was n't her idea at all . 
  as soon as i heard them say `` austria 's contribution have been a real hit in the clubs with the eurovision fans '' i could see it . 
  that she sings in french is simply a bonus . 
  calling switzerland germany could get you hung up high on a half-pike . 
  tread carefully . 
  she fell short , did n't she ? 
  yup , i do n't think any of the songs in the final were bad or embarrassing . 
  first year ever , for me . 
  but lighthouse left me unimpressed , like there should have been something there but it did n't work out . 
  or maybe , just maybe , the juries tend to be less conservative in their taste than the general public . 
  what song won the popular vote last year ? 
  italy . 
  it was a traditional eurovision song , that could have aired in the 80 's .
