  it 's helping , but we 're not there yet . 
  the soviets lost over 20 million people ( wikipedia says 23.4 ) . 
  that 's at least 10 % too . 
  the short story is that this will mainly affect sweden . 
  a loss of export but also a likely gain in cross-border trade . 
  i think he 's asking you what `` the sun '' is . 
  there is a rumor that it 's a sky phenomenon in the southern lands . 
  the one i quoted . 
  how can you be so sure they 'd be allowed to use staining water , if it never has happened ? 
  i 'd expect greek nationalists to be split on this one , since russia has directly and indirectly aided greece in their struggle against the ottoman empire . 
  the right-populists of europe are quite interesting . 
  their stance on foreign policy depends a lot on history . 
  france , for example , has never really feared russia . 
  so speaking out against russian aggression in france is not populist , it is n't relevant to french people 's preconceptions about the world . 
  in sweden , however , we always fought against russia , it is the hereditary foe . 
  the right-populist reflex of swedes is to `` militarize against the russians '' . 
  on the other hand , we 've had 10 % or so of the population being communist-leaning for about a hundred years , and they have historically been friends of moscow . 
  the result is a left-wing that is n't exactly pro-russian , but often claims that `` the motives and concerns of russia must also be interpreted from their point of view . '', 
  the same left-wing parties and journalists have played up the role of neo-nazis in ukraine . 
   protesters can be doused with coloured water that stains the skin for three days are you a lawyer ? 
  i think you 're making half of this up . 
  resources , power , lack of compassion . 
  a great falafel in malm\u00f6 is 25 sek . 
  does this say that swedish education started in the 60 's ? 
  how many iraqi have you taken in , then ? 
   do n't even get me started on the eu-lovers and their absolute disgust to anything with a drop of russian they are not the same - the leftist see no issues with taking in any number of refugees , and see no harm in moscow geopolitical games . 
  best of luck !, 
  that 's the european job market for you . 
  it 's hard for everyone who 's not a science teacher , right kind of engineer or it specialist , or healthcare worker . 
  i 've worked with people from outside the eu in sweden on work visas . 
  did n't seem to be much problem . 
  one guy lost the job that got him here , but has about a year to find a new one . 
  btw , 185 is about the average height in the netherlands , so that 's not a problem . 
   if you have a job lined up in the us same in europe . 
  if you do n't have a sponsor , it 's an entirely different story . 
  yes , try again * without a company sponsor * like houseofwinsor, 
  you would n't be allowed to work for about a year , though , and to accept living wherever , even if it 's a few hundred miles from the nearest job opportunity . 
   i would love to go work in finland , but of course due to visa regulations it is nearly impossible . 
  this whole situation for me is fascinating in a dark sense . 
  how would i get a visa to look for work in the us ? 
  he 's asking for silence and a downvote . 
  it sounds better than cockroach , which is what the tutsi were called . 
  yup , that was my point . 
  sweden 's process for syrians is also exaggerated from one year to four . 
  the main disappointment expressed in this story , and many others , is the long time to get a decision if you can stay or not . 
  this time is upwards a year in sweden now . 
  90 % of the frustration is the waiting time . 
   in finland maybe it takes four months , in those four months my family can come to finland and in sweden it will take four years , '' bazaa said . 
  yeah , if one country is n't all what was promised , surely the next will be ... 
  i hope there 's due process . 
  i mean , sweden has deported a guy for not speaking the right kind of korean , not believing he 's from north korea . 
  verifying a syrian dialect with 95 % certainty should not be a problem . 
  muslim invaders come with three things : * a will to introduce sharia , the only law * total ignorance of all learning * a perfect sense of what western liberals want to hear, 
  no , i 'm referring to the large movement of refugees after the war . 
  yes , and thus we should disallow european men from living in europe . 
   fossil fuels come from long dead life , at some point the earth has had this amount of co2 in the atmosphere to begin with . 
  yes , and these periods are directly related to a much hotter planet with a considerably higher sea level . 
  how many women do you think were raped in europe at the end of wwii ? 
  would you allow me to adjust you so you ca n't commit rape under any circumstance ? 
  the idea would n't be to imprisoning women , but to provide secure areas of the camp , where men could n't follow them . 
  women themselves would then choose to use these as they want . 
  general security ( policing ) is also required , of course . 
  as are criminal investigation , etc. 
  exploiting women in peril was n't invented in the middle east . 
  but women in refugee camps should get extra security . 
  yeah , and far less than 1 % of refugees are mounting enough of a protest to be noticed . 
  we 're talking about 100 out of 50k or so . 
  and `` unskilled labor '' in these parts is n't a cleaning job or driving a taxi , it 's `` nothing '' or * at best * work that swedish citizens refuse to do , such as berry-picking . 
  some of those places really are a group of buildings in the middle of nowhere . 
  that just shifts the onus back to italy , greece and the balkans . 
  there is barely any rural work in sweden , except for picking berries . 
  someone with an advanced degree in a profession that 's in demand in the cities may not be too happy about getting shipped off to the forest . 
  and sweden has barely any programs to get highly skilled immigrants to work quickly ( a few euros per year per immigrant is spent on this ) . 
  so yeah , it 's fucked up that they had unrealistic expectations , but everyone just expects people more or less like themselves ( with education and ambition ) to lay down and accept a life in unending squalor . 
  or , more accurately , they left the rubble that was their home . 
  and fascists on the other side . 
  suspected as much . 
  yeah , bast\u00f6y is for those who are at the end of a long sentence and have shown excellent behavior and are not considered threats to society . 
  talk about a match made in hell in terms of outcomes . 
  two empires going in , two stunted kingdoms coming out . 
   also , muslims integrate terribly badly . 
  they do n't learn the language , they inhabit muslim neighborhoods with muslim schools , with mosques , living off social help , etc. 
  many muslims in europe integrate well , they simply are not in the news . 
  in the us , the vast majority of muslims are well-integrated . 
  where 's the overreaction ? 
  russia threatened sweden not to join nato . 
  our government responded in kind . 
  one of the typical activities is `` mock invasion of sweden or finland '' . 
  i would call that a threat . 
  it was enough not to be a coincidence . 
  russia has had nearly non-stop exercises in the baltic see the last ten years . 
  it far surpasses nato ( + neutrals ) activity in the area . 
  imagine the world as a game of risk . 
  there 's your answer . 
  russia directly interferes with swedish interests in the baltics , for example . 
  to be pedantic the roads are destroyed by spring thaw . 
   `` bad apples should get different treatment when they expose themselves . '', 
   they do n't . 
  this is my opinion , as indicated by the word `` should '' . 
  money is more effective than handing out necessities in the long run .
