  many of these products were then sold aaa rated , which means that they should have been as secure as money on an account . 
  when the libor was manipulated , there were clear indication of crime too , but again , only fines were issued . 
  at more than one occasion , banks have been `` too big to fail '' . 
  if you are employed at the level you want in sweden , you are fine . 
  if you 're looking for employment , it 's not that great . 
  ehem , you still have the whole banking crash with one minor conviction and a lot of fines , that left the legality of a lot of shady stuff in the dark . 
  the user base of reddit is global , with indians having a plurality of the user accounts . 
  krokodil is the shit , shy away from on the light stuff . 
  ah , missed that minor detail . 
  yes , as i 've heard this is the primary concern . 
  just like the us , they do n't want to recognize any legal authority outside of their own country . 
  i 'm not sure  50 % of the * population * would watch a hockey final with sweden in it . 
   50 % of the * men * , for sure , but we would n't see nearly the same number of women . 
  it 's an honest opinion . 
  i liked the russian contribution , and the performance . 
  `` pretty good '' ? 
  she was fantastic . 
  i thought they were very cliched . 
  we 've done poorly before . 
  `` heroes '' is by far the most played etc song on spotify ( which has a bit of swedish bias , but anyway ) . 
  absolutely not . 
  it was embarrassing . 
  the image froze \\* wtf * ! & \\ - gavin belson , hooli executive, 
  two of the jury members ranked russia last . 
  lithuania had that kiss , i do n't remember estonia 's contribution . 
  latvia 's was one of the few modern and interesting contributions . 
  people outside of europe are watching it too . 
  why would the final have fewer watchers than the semi-final ? 
  it 's also bigger that about anything , other than a hypothetical world cup final featuring sweden as one of the two teams . 
   `` objective '' yeah , two anti-russian votes there to be sure . 
  yup , italian song , features `` amore '' , everyone understands it 's a love song . 
  imho , it was the most cliched song of the bunch . 
  yeah , we 've sent erik saade , but at least he performs on a professional level . 
  you competed in the semi-finals . 
  that 's something , 
  i noticed a big brazilian flag . 
  yeah , azerbaijan and spain , i 'm disappoint . 
  we could have had top four , instead of top two , goddammit . 
  interesting to see you well norway did in that jury . 
  my wife and i placed that song in our top 5 too . 
  the only ballad that felt like it was made in the 10 's . 
  yup , i liked latvia 's contribution a lot . 
  had my phone been lying closer to the sofa , i would have voted for them . 
  we did it for 14 million in 2013 , and everyone thought the show was great . 
  yup , 0 points from lithuania , though . 
  `` mums m\u00e5ns '' was what he got from the finnish presenter . 
  you mean it would be crude not to ? 
  stockholm is n't doing too bad , either . 
  but our semi-big companies tend to be bought . 
  to clarify , i still watched it on my projector , with the phone acting as a modem . 
  tethering is allowed in sweden . 
  is it really that bad in belgium ? 
  my main provider failed me an evening two days ago ( do n't ask , they have a tendency to suck ) . 
  luckily i could still stream 1.5 hours of hbo series with decent quality through my phone ( edit : used as a modem ) . 
  i 'm quite happy with that 4g speed . 
  exactly my response !, 
  no , no , only the swedish stats are under scrutiny here . 
  google `` sweden , cuck country '' . 
  i 've been jumped by some guy from 4chan trying to guilt trip me that `` i was not a man , because i let foreigners come and rape ` my ' women '' . 
  take a look at how the autism diagnosis has developed . 
  maybe this too can be connected to immigration ? 
  or is it that the diagnosis * gradually * has become more accepted and its use has penetrated all levels of health care all over the country ? 
  probably not . 
  new criteria are usually adopted slowly , hence autism `` epidemics '' , etc. 
  `` i '' is a preposition , though . 
  that word is a bit unfriendly . 
  yes , i 've taken the finnair flight to japan , i appreciate the shorter distance . 
  it 's a lot better than going via z\u00fcrich - if your origin is arlanda , you 'll pass right over it five hours later on your way to japan . 
  finnish and japanese do have similarities . 
  alright : / ( although only the ejection handle incident seems to have been caused by a flaw in the design ), 
  and it has n't crashed since . 
  the biggest problem with gripen is arming it . 
  it also has n't got the greatest operational range , so it 's not fit for empires . 
  add in maintenance costs and you end up with this graph : http://www.stratpost.com/gripen-operational-cost-lowest-of-all-western-fighters-janes, 
  not swedish , though . 
  one reason was that many of the swedes were quick to leave the old ways behind , and perhaps felt embarrassed talking swedish . 
  indian accents are the worst for this . 
  ... and borgen , for some reason . 
  cameron has said , publicly , that this is his last term . 
  it was discussed five years ago too . 
  you can just check the statistics . 
  my guess would be `` no '' . 
  belarusians do n't live longer than west europeans in general either . 
  do they live longer ? 
  belarus has a ppp per capita that 's about 170 % of cuba 's . 
  yeah , but most of those who immigrated then are still alive , and still foreign born . 
  plus the population exchange that exist as neighboring countries . 
  job immigration in the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's . 
  yes , no surprise there . 
  edit : except for the poles . 
  why would n't you take mariupol ? 
  it 's right there , is n't it ? 
  that has n't been necessary this far , has it ? 
  the odds of a renewed russian/separatist offensive are 1:1 , from the looks of it . 
   russia 's air defense concentration in eastern ukraine is now at its highest level since august , the u.s. says . 
  russia has more ground forces at the border than at any point since october . 
  these developments and others have american officials fearful moscow and the separatists may be planning an offensive in the coming weeks . 
  yeah , move on , nothing to see here . 
  what is your point ? 
  dickinsonsrocket is n't admitting defeat at all , and pro-immigrant swedes are quite uncommon on reddit .
