  then the queen of sweden invades !, 
  we always liked small , juicy german city-states , 
  i do n't claim it is . 
  mostly that it 's very problematic in that it removes obstacles in the way of creating a less democratic country without human rights that encompass all people in the country . 
  germany still has a strong tax incentive for single breadwinners in joint taxation . 
  a second earner will be taxed 40 % or so from the first euro . 
  fees supposedly makes you value a service higher . 
  ( but also incurs administrative costs ), 
  moderate : i only want to kill the jews i do n't like . 
   the main problem is the corruption and the total power what our minister want to achieve ( or already had ) . 
  the leading party changed the basic laws and did everything to make the next election succesful for themself . 
  the changes to the constitution is the scariest part and what hungary has been criticized the most for . 
  i 've heard a lot about it in sweden . 
  there were debates were the hungarian opposition got to state their views on the development , and government-friendly hungarians basically stormed the stage and tried to sabotage it . 
  they wanted to have an employee contract that worked radically different from the swedish norm . 
  we have `` collective agreements '' , which sets the lowest salary and basic agreements on what goes and does n't go . 
  toys r us wanted their american model , with an `` employee code '' that gave the management the right to spy on employees , go through their belongings , punish them with arbitrary suspension for rules infringement . 
  they also reserved the right to change the salary and the terms of the contract at any time . 
  this is a matter of negotiation in sweden . 
  so when toys r us refused to sign an agreement , the relevant union ( retail ) went on a strike . 
  the company hired non-unionised labour and there was very public fight about who 's in the right . 
  then other unions refused to service toys r us and the retail union even managed to get the international union organizations on board . 
  in the end , toys r us had to bend and sign a `` collective agreement '' with the retail union . 
  toys ' r us got chased out of sweden when they tried getting around unions . 
  then they changed strategy . 
  this is the italian way . 
  well , she did help turn the gas back on when europe needed it ... 
  i know plenty of ukrainians , and their opinion on the current government is that they 're all kleptocrats . 
  the son of the president , for example , is making millions a month and nobody knows how . 
  commercial rights are sold to cousins and friends , a children 's hospital was half built and then cancelled because `` out of funds '' , meanwhile an extravagant helicopter platform was built for no-one , etc ... 
  really ? 
  timoshenka is no saint , but what she did was on par with everything else going on , it 's simply her opponents managing to get her sentenced for it . 
  berlusconi is * by far * the most corrupt politician in western europe . 
  his type of `` ruling for personal benefit '' looks like a normal ukrainian politician , but from a western perspective it 's quite horrible . 
  yeah , i was winging it . 
  stockholms stad is building a new hospital for $ 8 billion at the moment ... 
  the biggest cities in scandinavia do have decently sized budget . 
  well , that project overrun was just bad geology . 
  basically , they decided to drill through a large esker , and it turns out it 's one of the ( or the ) most difficult eskers in the world to drill through . 
  preussen got it in the end , but you were compensated :  preussen erh\u00f6ll landet , men \u00f6verl\u00e4mnade i st\u00e4llet lauenburg och 2,6 miljoner thaler till danmark, 
  basically . 
  at the end of the napolean wars we lost finland to russia , but we fought denmark and traded vorpommern and r\u00fcgen for norway . 
  so from that treaty we both have nothing today . 
  we were still quite pissed about losing finland that time around : - /, 
  yeah , many places have a reputation of being unwelcoming , but ireland certainly does n't !, 
  we chose not to attack norway when they declared independence 1905 . 
  simultaneously also maybe the biggest single economical loss ... 
  a ~ ~ markov ~ ~ poisson process at work . 
  duh , it 's a well-known prussian exercise . 
   artikulation mit stock im arsch i 'm stealing this . 
  so sorry . 
  vorbeireden sounds like voorbereiden/f \u00f6rbereda ... 
  so yeah , you talked passed me all right . 
   no , no idea what you are talking about . 
  a movie called igelkotten yup . 
  a pretty good french movie . 
   haha - perhaps you should learn to read female cues/hints a bit better the first one was totally from the left side . 
  it was a girl i had n't even had a conversation with at the time . 
  i 'm not in a position to complain . 
  but most of the women who have fallen for me has done it from afar ... `` oh , hi helm , i totally had a crush on you three years ago ! '', 
  oh , i did n't even try to make you notice , but i did !, 
  or `` helm , too bad you are moving away , i 'd really like to know you better '' . 
  btw , have you seen the movie that has your handle as a name ? 
  what clubs , is the question . 
  cool , cool, 
  yup , / r/europe is about 85 % men , unfortunately . 
  tell me all about it . 
  i 'm around 170 cm , and swedish women discriminate on height a lot . 
  not that i should complain , but anyway . 
  you all miss my point . 
  / r/europe is mostly a bunch of heterosexual men that have the notion `` swedish women are the best '' . 
  the reverse notion does n't really exist . 
  too little makeup ? 
  do n't worry , it only applies if you 're a woman . 
  that fact that there were n't any alternatives to `` germany '' may have had a slight impact too . 
   dumping into landfills is illegal in sweden i never noticed this law . 
  good thing !, 
  incinerators are great , i agree . 
  the latest news is that sweden imports trash that can be burnt , because of an over-capacity . 
  this a quite a big shift the last 20 - 25 years . 
  it does n't work that way , i think . 
  i checked the prices in euro on stuff in stockholm . 
  instead of 8.7 sek for a euro , it 's more like 6.0 sek per euro , making it horribly expensive to buy stuff in euros . 
  one label does n't say that much . 
  moderate adult consumers far from denmark rarely do this , although we import occasional bottles from other countries on the rare direct flight . 
   the church is n't going to change if all the liberal members leave really ? 
  is she even in the state church ? 
  the problem is that so far , the swedish state church ( which probably is similar to the finnish , but i may be wrong ) is very liberal , more or less the most liberal church out there . 
  so if r\u00e4s\u00e4nen is n't a member of the state church , but a more radical and conservative church , she 's actually weakening the liberal majority by her remarks . 
  context : the swedish former state church is basically pro-gay , barely anti-premarital sex and semi-feminist . 
  stick , not cross . 
  i 'm not a native speaker of english , but i 'm in an international marriage , so we talk english quite a bit . 
  '' ** christ on a stick ** '' is one of my favorite expressions . 
  i do n't remember where i got it from . 
  most russians live in europe . 
  yeah , i 'd wager heat kills more babies than cold . 
  everyone totally freaks out about cold , but heat kills much faster . 
   a man forgot his 2-year old son in his car and went to work . 
  the child died because of the heat . 
  again .
