  not even that is necessary . 
  for example few people outside zimbabwe remember what huge freedom fighter robert mugabe was in the early 80s and how much hope was pinned to his presidency . 
  he was even a decent president during the 80s . 
  twenty years later ? 
  not so much . 
  this is not about f *** ing guilt . 
  it 's about solidarity . 
  but i agree it 's broken to let a million asylum seekers into europe when it 's very hard to deport those that are citizens of safe countries and simply seek a wealthlier life . 
  that 's my point . 
  the losses were extremely high during ww1 , and most offensives achieved very little . 
  d-day came at a high cost , but also achieved very much - it probably shortened the war considerably , and left western influence over half of europe . 
   nk special forces ? 
  the iraqi army looked ok on paper too . 
  the us did not outnumber them ( at least not formally ) when they utterly crushed them . 
  not that you can compare the us and sweden , but anyway . 
  nk has the atomic bomb and a lot of artillery pointed at seoul . 
  i guess they have decent anti-air capabilities too , at least in terms of quantity . 
  otherwise , not so impressive . 
  it was far , far more sophisticated than that . 
  the losses were high , but not more so than any given offensive during ww1 . 
  syrians are n't granted asylum in turkey , they are guests . 
  they get minimum food and tents . 
  they can work , unlike refugees in lebanon and jordan that can not . 
  but there are 2 million of them in turkey . 
   if you want to work in europe as a migrant , other papers and documentation will be required - as well as meeting certain requirements in the first place . 
  again : both are not the same . 
  i agree , many people are abusing the asylum process . 
  unfortunately , some parts of the process are `` soft '' in that it 's based on an individual evaluation of your case , so people are going to take their chances . 
  i 'm leaning towards that having safe countries ( of origin ) is a good idea . 
  then apply pressure to get return treaties with those countries . 
  once such a system works (  50 % are turned back right away ) it would discourage many economic migrants . 
   do n't walk the regular procedures that 's the thing . 
  you are allowed to enter most european countries without visa and ask for asylum . 
  most refugees have come this way the last 50 years . 
   sentimentalism nonsense if you flee a country to seek asylum in another , there is a high likelihood that you have to pass at least one border illegally . 
  asylum works the same way now as it did in 1950 , it 's not some new thing pc media and politicians have made up . 
  the phenomenon is not new , but the magnitude of it is . 
  as for organizing refugee help , i agree . 
  but the european efforts to bypass smugglers have been meager , to say the least . 
  neither helps, 
   rallying around the flag is a well-known behavioural flaw not just in russia . 
  it happened with the iraq war in the us . 
  it happened with the war in gaza in israel . 
  suddenly , offering any other perspective than `` we vs them '' becomes unwelcome . 
  unfortunately , there as veritable bombardment of comments in / r/europe calling all migrants `` illegal immigrants '' . 
  it makes a reasoned debate more difficult . 
  note that the people in the story were from iran , so yes , they are simply illegal immigrants . 
  i disagree that the term illegal immigrant should be used for all of those coming to europe , however . 
  apparently world bank data is different . 
  odd , because it 's called `` labor force participation rate '' . 
  this is what i get from the world bank : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sl.tlf.cact.zs/countries/se-gb?display=graph it does n't add up !, 
  that 's a fantastic figure !, 
  how come the uk is doing so well when it comes to labor force participation ? 
  the us has a 62.6 % rate at the moment . 
  sweden has about 64 % . 
  yup , and you can get one even if you 're average . 
  swedes abroad are open , because they are open to new people and not content with their social situation yet . 
  it 's not comparable at all . 
  i would have an easier time making swedish friends in tokyo than in stockholm . 
  bah , if you have a stable full-time job in sweden you can lead a good life . 
  i 'm over 35 . 
  i do n't make new friends , anymore , it feels . 
  the most open guy i talked to at a kids party the other day was from england . 
  only way to go wrong as an american in sweden is to be : * rigidly religious and chauvinistic about the american way , while not staying within a religious community, 
  plenty of regular folks tote the flag around regularly . 
  poles did better before . 
  but back then muscovy was n't the empire it became later . 
  yeah , that 's correct . 
  not in terms of debt forgiveness . 
  not quite . 
  the future is agriculture !, 
  some professions are much more mobile than others . 
  there are schools in poland that teach swedish for mds , you know that , right ? 
  it can be serious blunder , it can also be an unexpectedly strong reaction . 
  there was a drug trial a few years back in the uk ( ? ), 
  that went badly too , this was after testing it on chimpanzees ( or possibly other ape ) . 
  permanent harm ( and death ) a very rare , however . 
  this is entirely normal , and why the asylum process takes time . 
  it 's about a year in sweden now . 
  some proposals to directly reject people from safe countries exist , but none have been implemented . 
  no , most would argue that multiculturalism means that you are allowed to identify in several ways . 
  many of those who oppose multiculturalism see terms phrases as `` proud to be swedish and muslim '' as an inherit contradiction . 
  one of their objectives - death of the middle ground . 
  isis do not want integrated muslims with a european identity . 
  i think both are reasons . 
  the more innocent muslims are attacked in europe for crimes is commit , the easier it is for them to recruit . 
  the political gain for the islamist terrorist is to polarize europe and destroy the middle ground . 
  judging by the progress of aggressive anti-islamic rhetoric in / r/europe , it 's a huge success . 
  excellent for people working in the black markets , i guess . 
  what struck me is how completely western the advertisement looks . 
  how people dress , etc , does n't seem to be even close to how most people in the soviet union dressed . 
  just take the fancily dressed woman with an electric guitar . 
  rock music was n't something particularly encouraged in the soviet union . 
  edit : as others have mentioned it 's clear that many of these pictures were meant for advertisement in the west . 
  most people know what `` right-wing populists '' are . 
  ok , so df is a nationalistic party that wants to keep foreigners out , especially foreigners who are not from the west . 
  my other point is that nationalists have traditionally been called right-wing , regardless of economic policies . 
  yeah , i mentioned this in a comment on what denmark does to deter immigrants . 
  downvotes followed . 
  you ca n't blame the current situation in turkey on the eu .
