  the eu has a say in how the greek budget is balanced because it is dependent on those loans and ca n't get them on the open market . 
  argentina did the other thing and defaulted in 2001 . 
  millions of people were struck poor overnight , except those who had move their assets abroad before hand . 
  debts were written off , but not all . 
  now argentina is staring down a second default , because some loans were not written off , and they were n't payed off while the government had money . 
  now they 've run out and the lenders want they 're money back . 
  running down an economy towards a default is never pretty . 
  it does n't really try to keep contact with the west either . 
  the swedish ambassador and his stuff was was kicked out two years ago , the only choice to stay would likely have involved some sort of screening for approval , which sweden was n't prepared to do . 
  this , iirc , happened because the embassy stayed in contact with the opposition and journalists . 
  as for the economy , it 's belarus are allowed to refine russian oil with fantastic profit margins . 
  they also prop up the country at a steady deficit , so far covered by russia . 
  one could compare it to cuba , maybe . 
  he is sponsoring and signing them , which in the duma means that they will become law . 
  i ca n't recall the last time the duma and putin have had substantial conflict , i.e. 
  the duman voting against putin . 
  for example :  one such is a measure , passed last week , that bans advertising on cable and satellite tv channels . 
  mr. ponomaryov , who is in trouble with the leaders of his fair russia party for having been the only lawmaker to vote against the recent annexation of crimea , says that most deputies opposed the bill , until the kremlin insisted on it . 
  the only rationale is kremlin wants to decide which companies can and can not make money from television , and want to salt the earth for independent channels . 
   from europe not really by choice though . 
  because it 's the least democratic country in europe ? 
  russia is catching up , but really , there is no political freedom in belarus . 
  lukashenko keeps russia at arms length to rain personal power , that 's all , i think . 
  accepting moscow rule 100 % would take away that . 
  political interested people would know the difference between a libertarian and a liberal , even when liberal does n't translate across the atlantic . 
  both . 
  many criminals have been given ( better ) guns and do the same thing , only with less training . 
  just read about this . 
  the separatists are lead by military men , there is very little of a social movement behind them . 
  so in many areas they operate like war bands that answer to no-one . 
  the coverage in sweden has been quite varied , even though our foreign minister was firmly siding with euromaidan . 
  some places , sucha as lvov , have more nationalists . 
  but it would n't be hard to find similar rallies in france , germany or russia . 
  a few hundred neonazies were given permission to have a demonstration in sweden . 
  we are very far from having a fascist problem . 
  i do n't deny that pravy sektor was part of euromaidan , but with the amount of positive things going on within the protest movement , i find unfair to imply that `` maidan people '' were mostly ultranationalists . 
  haha , i have family that are maidan people . 
  they detest sloboda and pravy sektor . 
  where do you get your information from ? 
  `` god bless the usa '' `` america , fuck yeah ! '', 
  `` why do you hate america ? '', 
  how many times have this been said ? 
  enough to make the us a `` dark nation '' ? 
  schadenfraude has a hint of sadism , but also relief that a bad thing is not happening to you ( but somebody else ) . 
  it 's also mostly connected to humor , and has no sexual connotations at all . 
  but has it been mentioned lagom many times ? 
  same word in swedish , but different , pech is olycka -  olycksf\u00e5gel . 
  it also allows for joke words , such as `` barmarkspremi\u00e4r '' , or `` opening of the field season '' . 
  sweden does n't border russia , but i understand what you mean . 
  france , spain , etc , do n't need to fear russia . 
  as a consequence , they have been much less interested in sanctions . 
  i should have been more specific . 
  i do n't doubt that they encourage competence in other languages outside of this yearly academy for a chosen few . 
  many countries see it as the only local military threat . 
  the * only * language taught in military intelligence training ( for fresh recruits ) in sweden , for example , is russian . 
  yeah , i exaggerated a little . 
  maybe the tone from westminster would be different if the polls said something else , but it 's still an example of a civil discourse . 
  another example is how sweden did n't go to war over norway seceding from the union in 1905 . 
  it 's not even drawn , the bulgarian cape is a mirror-copy of the russian , with new colors . 
  yeah , most countries give armed and mostly foreign rebels anything they want without a fight . 
  scotland wants out of the uk . 
  a very peaceful affair . 
  not with sweden and denmark in it . 
  just have ll the royals of europe aged 20-40 frolic in orgies until a child is born . 
  then marry this child to the next that has a different mother . 
  it has been very easy to enter eastern ukraine from russia . 
  this is certainly a factor . 
  they are there , and most of the fighting men , leaders , etc , do n't even have ukrainian passports . 
  otoh , norway is renowned for taking black metal utterly seriously ... 
  your link is bad . 
  the song is horrible , though . 
  please do n't fix you link . 
  as an honorary norwegian , [ here you go ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jofnr_wkoce ) . 
  there used to be a hole genre of sex songs . 
  [ the most famous one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/je_t'aime..._moi_non_plus ) . 
  they do n't need to be terrorist to try to impose foreign and oppressive values in european society . 
  wahhabi islam needs a stern `` no , thank you '' in the european countries . 
  yay , another popular but unintelligible band from glasgow is interviewed on the radio , no-one understands anything . 
  blot for the blot gods, 
  older people in service jobs ? 
  pensioners ? 
  in sweden , even middle-aged store clerks can hold a simple conversation in english . 
  the only exception i 've noticed were some immigrants from outside of europe at an car-cleaner i used recently . 
  alexander bard , a swedish celebrity known for being intelligent ( as in iq 140-150 ) , * loves * being controversial . 
  he 'll say some brilliant things and switch to something outrageous just for the heck of it . 
  yeah , it is easy to forget the huge impact the british blockade had on the german forces . 
  the north african front was n't something the germans wanted , and the italians would not have attacked the english colonies on their own . 
  so 1 ) the germans would have had enough oil for the war and 2 ) no resources would have to be spent fighting in africa and 3 ) the luftwaffe would not have suffered the same losses . 
  if hitler had still pushed through with strategic blunders , germany would have lost , but otherwise it would have been very different . 
  the recent surge is not because of anything getting better ( the economy is stalling ) , but all about `` yes !, 
  taking territory and bashing fascists in weak neighboring country . 
  russia strong ! '', 
  i ca n't recall a civil war where the end goal was not to secede or to gain power , but to join the neighboring country . 
  this , to me , is the obvious end goal that does n't fit with the `` civil war '' narrative . 
  territorial gain was n't involved , however . 
  the us did n't claim vietnam , soviet did n't claim afghanistan . 
  rarely is the end goal so obvious , though . 
  to gain momentum , the separatists talked about more independence within ukraine , once in control , its obvious it 's about joining russia . 
  at least that 's the case in sweden . 
  those who loved writing and hated math were those that went to study journalism .
