  finland is the only exception , and they fought to the last man to acquire that respect . 
  the eu ca n't prevent any member state from providing much more direct help to ukraine . 
  the weakness is also the strength : needs to coordinate several countries implies can coordinate several countries . 
  eu support of euromaidan was n't stronger than that of the us . 
   the west knew what it would get if they kept on barging into russian 's sphere of influence hindsight is 20/20 . 
  i remember exactly 0 articles advancing the idea that the west needed to back ukraine by military force if yanukovich were to be ousted last year . 
  can you point me to one ? 
  what would have been your solution ? 
  direct military aid to ukraine ? 
   and what do you actually base this on ? 
  yes , russia is an oligarchy . 
  so 's america - do the tea party only exist because obama lets them ? 
  this idea of putin 's absolute , totalitarian control of every part of everybody 's life and politics is simply not true . 
  is freedom of press pretty much nonexistent ? 
  more or less , still some freedom in print media . 
  the treatment of [ mikhail khodorkovsky ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikhail_khodorkovsky ) , for example . 
  from what i know , his crimes were no worse than that of any other oligarch , he was a political threat to putin . 
   last elections , 4 of those municipalities had democratically elected governors . 
  next election , it 'll be 22 . 
  great !, 
  that 's about the only positive news i 've heard the last decade . 
  with tv-broadcasters under control i guess he does n't feel threatened . 
  i do know that the press is freer than it was in the soviet times , but once a news source is not fringe anymore , press freedom is out the window . 
  anyway , as i have family in ukraine suffering from the consequences of russia 's involvement , i have difficulties looking past the particulars of putin 's great power syndrome . 
  as i can see the benefits for putin to be able to stick a finger into any ukrainian governments eye , i have to endorse retaliatory actions that make that advantage look like it 's not worth it . 
  the oil price quadrupled , that 's what saved the russian economy . 
  also , the madness of putin the last couple of years is exactly what to expect of a person that has had supreme command for over a decade . 
  check the track record of the successful dictators in the 20th century - the first decade they bring stability , order and even a measure of freedom . 
  then it 's all downhill from there . 
  the opposition in russian is shit because putin wants it to be shit - he encourages the idiots and locks the serious competition away , for example any oligarch with political aspirations . 
  because once you start being a dick to someone , you 've lost them . 
  right , wanker . 
  you did n't even bother to translate . 
  go back to vkontakte . 
   i 'm wondering if the increasing pressure from russian rebel military forces has forced ukraine to make a deal of some kind they did n't want . 
  perhaps they are giving up crimea to russia , officially ? 
  and provide free passage there by land ? 
  given that the rebels suddenly agreed to remain in ukraine yesterday , i think the deal is to make lugansk and donetsk autonomous regions within ukraine , somewhat similar to the situation in georgia . 
  i speculate that the matter of crimea was left out completely . 
  i think putin has pushed matters as far as he think the west can forgive russia for and now settles for the leverage of two regions of ukraine effectively in his hands . 
  this would allow russia to continue to have influence over the political development in ukraine . 
  withdrawing now also means that the internal propaganda can stay on course , which also is important for russian influence in eastern ukraine ( people in the east watch more russian tv than ukrainian ) . 
  russia 's population , power , and culture is concentrated to europe . 
  there are cities and important industrial centers in central and eastern russia , but on the whole , they do n't hold a candle against moscow and the rest of western russia in terms of influence . 
  but i guess you 're not registered as a job-seeker at arbetsf\u00f6rmedlingen ? 
  and you 're a grad student , so you should have salary , no ? 
  or at least educational benefits ( utbildningsbidrag ) that covers your day-to-day costs . 
  i know in sweden it includes full-time students who are looking for a job . 
  the european part of russia is like the eastern part of the us , if you were to take away 85 % of the population from the west coast and texas . 
  they are , but they 're not bound to intervene with military action . 
  russia , on the other hand , has pissed all over the treaty . 
  with nato support , the rebels + unofficial russian support would n't last very long , without russia going all in . 
  inaction lets putin establish facts on the ground . 
  the rebels are a new phenomenon that had very little grassroot support before feb 2014 . 
  it comes out of russian propaganda and russian leadership . 
  there are willing rebels , of course , but they clearly had someone to guide them . 
  `` you want to tell the new guys in kiev to fuck off ? 
  this is what you should do . '', 
  travelling abroad with the intent to participate in wars . 
  it 's a response to isis , but it 's looks like it 's going to become a blanket law in some countries . 
  nope , it 's getting outlawed . 
  and at this point , aiding ukraine is hardly a policy of escalation , it 's a containment strategy . 
  we should n't force anyone to go there , just like we did n't force anyone to go to afghanistan . 
  europeans have gone to afghanistan , fought , and died . 
  this cause would make much more sense . 
  they were obviously fighting to help restore ukrainian sovereignty . 
  direct military aid in ukraine . 
  if russia is n't invading ukraine , and there are no russian troops in ukraine , they can not be killed there either , right ? 
  free season on russian soldiers in ukraine . 
  and novorossiya is n't a new term , it 's the term used for a part of ukraine in 19th century imperial russia . 
  he has n't used it publicly since , so this statement belies strong support of the rebels and the future annexation of the area . 
  because putin stopped using the term `` novorossiya '' for four months , but now apparently has picked it up again . 
  if it does n't fire , or malfunctions , it does make a difference . 
  our = eu for me , so . 
  our commitment to stopping russian in ukraine is all but none at the moment . 
  eastern ukraine should be represented as normal with representatives in the parliament . 
  the support for the rebellion on a grassroot level is lackluster at best , and enforced at gunpoint in many locations . 
  federalism is something that russia has mentioned , because it would make it much easier to prevent ukraine from shifting westwards politically . 
  am i ? 
  certainly not . 
  i advocating supporting the ukrainian government so that russia would have to declare war on ukraine in order to not lose . 
  and i do n't see russia declaring war on ukraine anytime soon . 
  the only thing that keeps the rebels going at the moment is the * extensive * russian support they are getting . 
  this is n't offensive art , it 's attack pieces on specific individuals using clear racists imagery . 
  the `` art '' value is as close to zero as it could be . 
  that 's not what 3dom is estimating , they are estimating the * total number of russian troops * engaged in the conflict , unwounded , wounded or dead . 
  a decisive win for ukrainian forces in donbass would end this whole thing . 
  once the `` rebels '' are subdued , russia has no direct way of reigniting the conflict in a way that 's advantageous to them . 
  that depends on our commitment . 
  he does n't want ukraine , he just want to win the conflict . 
  take crimea and the long list of stolen assets without paying for it , in cash or in diplomatic agreements , have something to hold over the ukrainian governments head in gas negotiations . 
  additionally , if ukraine is not in control over its territory , eu/nato deals will be made much harder . 
  i still doubt they want to annex any part of the east at the moment . 
  what is most important to russia now is preventing ukraine 's new government from winning the war . 
  they want the rebels to become entrenched and the conflict to turn bitter . 
  if there 's a ceasefire , they will only accept it if the rebels remain in control of a substantial chunk of eastern ukraine . 
  they do this to weaken ukraine , so that it can not negotiate as an equal with russia , and to complicate any agreements with eu . 
  what i meant was that the analogy is apt , even if it has a false basis . 
  as you said , i do n't think i want to know if it really works on humans . 
  as long it is together with a `` mission accomplished '' sign .
